4	I'm so excited there's some authentic New Orleans cooking now in Las Vegas! The place is cute and family owned-operated. My extended family all lives in New Orleans so I'm quite familiar with the cuisine. I'm also a very harsh critic! *$4.25 - cup of gumbo. She puts sausage, chicken AND seafood in her gumbo. I found it heavy on the chicken and light on the seafood. The flavor was great. Really took me back to NOLA! Basically was a chicken/sausage flavored gumbo with a couple shrimp thrown in.*$11.99 - 1/2 dozen charbroiled oysters. *sigh* I'm pretty spoiled here. I didn't find these nearly as good as real new orleans charbroiled oysters, but they were still enjoyable*$9.99 - Shrimp poboy with fries. The poboy was a little small compared to what I'm used to , but otherwise it was perfect. They fly their bread in from new orleans and the shrimp were so delish! The best poboy I've ever had outside of nola!Overall I'll be back. Their dessert menu looked incredible (bananas foster, bread pudding!). Prices weren't bad ($7.99-$12.99 per entree). Service was polite and speedy. Give them a try Yelp!
4	hit lola's last night with gf and sis. this is the 3rd restaurant at this spot ( i ate at one of the others - the name escapes me ) in the last two years or so. decent job in remodeling the place - simple, yet comfortable. sis had cup of gumbo, crab cake dinner; gf had bronze catfish with grits; i tried the gumbo and jambalaya. they provide a sorry ass basket of stale bread ( maybe it's meant to soak in the gumbo - who knows ? ) gumbo ( $4.25 ) - cup - alot of shredded chicken, small shrimp , some andouille sausage bits a lil bit of okra - decent taste. personally, i prefer a darker roux /base - provides a little nuttier, richer taste but still, not bad. the crab cake dinner - 2 nice sized crab cakes on a bed of greens - nice portion of crab in the cake - good flavor. the greens ok to but it had the look of an appetizer - asked the server if it's the appetizer , " no the appetizer is one crab cake ) - $15 - a little pricey - but still good. the jambalaya ( $10 ) - very good, spiced just right, good mix of sausage and chicken ( did not go with the shrimp option - $13 ) - the andouille sausage slices on top tasted like smoked polish sausage , possibly farmer john brand - ok by me. the winner was the catfish / grits. the description mentioned a mushroom ragu - but it should be mushroom surprise as in try and find the mushroom ! still, great cheesy grits, tender flaky catfish browned, not blackened. sorry, i forget the price but pretty sure under $15. we shared the bananas foster - very good - wanted to try the bread pudding but i ain't up for the raisins ! overall, service pleasant. Had a nice chat with the manager ( or was it the owner ) - giving my 2 cents and more importantly, well wishes that they succeed - SHOW SOME LOCAL LOVE PEOPLE !pics posted
3	Lots of potential but they need to pay more attention to details. We have eaten there three times, so I cannot say I don't like it but so far it has been a mixed bag. It is close to my house and I grew up on this kind of food.REALLY GOOD: Charbroiled oysters, Fried Oysters, Catfish, French Fries and the BBQ shrimp (twice). Bread Pudding is as good as I have ever had...Damn near perfect!NOT AS GOOD: Gumbo is tasty but needs to be darker. Fried Crawpuppies tend to come out still cold in the center. BBQ shrimp (third time) had to be sent back. Crabcakes are full of bread but this is NOLA  style not Baltimore. I know they are having problems with the bread getting stale unless it is grilled or toasted.PRETTY BAD: The Crawfish Etouffee was terrible, very few crawfish and the gravy tasted of nothing but ready-made under cooked roux, YUCK!   The Sweet Potato Pie was pasty and insipid and the crust would make a Cajun Nana cringe.I will definitely give them another shot and I hope they iron out the problems. But I cannot recommend without caveats.
4	Solid place. Went for a quick lunch. Service was fast and polite. Got a Blackened Shrimp Po Boy. Very tasty, looking forward to trying other menu items.
5	Great food on a fantastic menu. Lola's is an off-strip/downtown gem for authentic New Orleans cuisine. The bronzed catfish is superb with the grits, and the crab cakes are well-portioned and delicious. Try the bananas foster for dessert.
4	This is my first time at Lola's and probably one of my few southern style restaurants, but I enjoyed my experience there.  It had a very cozy ambience with friendly service.  Oh and how cute!  Lola actually picked up the phone to take my reservation!  Here's the spotlight on the food =)1.  Charbroiled Oysters - "Fresh Oysters charbroiled the Cresent City way, with lots of garlic, lemon and a blend of cheeses."  Usually I shy away from any cooked type of half shell oysters suspicious that it is the stuff that they're trying to hide the unfreshness of with cooking it.  However, I was pleasantly surprised with my favorite robust flavors of garlic and cheese and the lovely toasted slices of french bread2.  Crab Cakes - "Lump Crab in Lola's special blend of spices, pan fried and served w/Lemon-garlic Aioli."  This is not the usual crab cake you'd expect.  It seems to be 99% crab meat.  Not crispy but very crab meaty.3. Fried Oyster Po Boy on New Orlean's French Bread fully dressed, meaning that it comes with all the slaw glory.  I love po boys!  I enjoyed the deep fried goodness of the oyster with the slaw a bam of hot sauce.  bam bam!4.  Jambalaya with chicken, sausage and shrimp - fluffy flavorful rice 5.  Etouffee - a cross between a roast and a gumbo.  GravyliciousDessert!1.  Louisiana chocolate sheath cake - the cake was very light but every bite was a chocolate dream.  We made it a la mode with praline icecream and it was perfect!2.  Bananas Foster - loved the flavor, but hated the mushiness.  I've had others where it was not so mushy.Conclusion:  All the flavors were excellent.  One southern style food restaurant under my belt.  Woot.  p.s.  Keep in mind portion sizes are more realistic rather than humongous American portions sizes.  Expect well prepared food vs.  over compensation with size.
5	I would have never known about this place if not for the internet (lolaslasvegas.com).  This tiny little restaurant is very charming.  I loved the New Orleans music, but I wish it had been a little more boisterous to add to the atmosphere.  I went for lunch on a Friday and by noon the place was PACKED.  Service was still great though, because there were plenty of servers on the floor.I was able to try a few things on the menu - the gumbo, BBQ shrimp and crabcakes were pretty good but the bronzed catfish was the absolute highlight for me.  The fish was packed with flavor and the texture was like butter.  Portions were small on this entree but the quality was amazing.  The bread they served with the meal was light as air.The sandwiches on the menu are under $10 and have pretty big portions.  The crawpuppies were also very tasty.  I cannot wait to go back!
4	Eaten here a few more times. Very tasty food. The sandwiches are ok but my least favorite however the other entrees are EXCELLENT. When I was there Lola introduced herself and eagerly listened to any feedback.  Like everyone said before the bread pudding is finger licken good.
4	Lola's is a friendly little Louisiana kitchen that resides in the old Holsum bread factory off the 95 and Charleston. My husband and I and I eagerly anticipated dining at this restaurant long before it opened since it is close to home and we were regulars at the restaurants of the two previous occupants, The Grill (miss those salads) and Bistro Divino (miss those pine nut cookies). I hope the third time is a charm for this location since Vegas is missing good Southern cuisine and because the owner, Lola (AKA Beth), is as sweet as the splendid sugary yams you may have the privilege of enjoying if she happens to have some on hand or if you specially order them.I think this was our 8th or 9th time dining here since it opened last year, and although everything is pretty good, we tend to stick with our favorites. To start we had the craw puppies ($5.99), deep fried morsels of crawfish and cornmeal batter served with an addictively spicy aoli. These are a wonderful way to start the meal and a unique creation of this particular restaurant. For my entree I ordered the shrimp remoulade salad ($8.99), which is the simplest and healthiest dish on the menu, but perhaps also the most underrated. It consists of plenty of perfectly poached shrimp served on a bed of romaine lettuce, accompanied by tomatoes, quartered hard-boiled egg, and lemon wedges (be sure to squeeze them over the shrimp for the proper acidic component). The remoulade dressing made with whole grain mustard and mayonnaise really makes the dish stand out, and the salad is a refreshing antidote to the heavier items that pervade the menu. Ian got the bronzed catfish with grits ($14.99), that he always opts to have blackened rather than the aforementioned bronzed preparation. It is wonderful when you can have catfish that actually tastes good, and Lola's does an excellent job. Ian tends to douse it in the Louisiana Gold hot sauce (the real deal), but it is certainly delicious on its own. The plate hits on all cylinders, and the only change that could be made would be the addition of a bit more cheese in the grits to add some saltiness.Even though I didn't get it this time, I would also suggest the rich and flavorful gumbo, properly prepared with a dark roux and plenty of sausage and seafood. It's a cup of Southern goodness, though you might want to ask for it extra hot since sometimes is doesn't come out the way I personally prefer which is best described as "burn the roof of your mouth off hot." The baked oyster appetizer is another hit, and please don't forget to ask about those caramelized and gooey yams to round out the meal. The Purple Haze Abita beer ($4.25) is also a must to complete the experience. On the downside, I haven't been too impressed with the po-boys as they are heavy on the bread and the steak wasn't too well-received by Ian's best friend and fellow chef Jason. Boiled crawfish are now temporarily offered on the menu, however, which I anticipate will be terrific and look forward to trying next time so I can compare them to Hot n' Juicy Crawish.It is evident from your first visit that Lola's serves up authentic Louisiana fare prepared with love and a genuine desire to make bellies happy. Although the food is not as refined as that of the late Commander's Palace where Ian used to work, you can certainly imagine it coming out of your grandmother's fragrant kitchen, should she happen to be from New Orleans. The yummy food, homey atmosphere of the restaurant, and Beth's smiling face keep us coming back time and again, and I hope we don't see any more restaurants in this space.
5	OMG this place is to die for! I researched a place to have dinner off the strip prior to our couple's getaway in Jan. 2010. EVERYTHING we ordered was FABULOUS! From the crab cakes to dessert. SO, SO good. Good service too.
5	I'm a huge sucker for Cajun food. It's a little disheartening that they seem a bit scarce in Vegas. But, thanks to Yelp, I was able to discover this place.I went here for a late dinner. The location is a bit hidden. It's a hard place to spot since most eyes look to the Holsum Bread factory when driving by. The entire place has this sort of local groove that I feel in the atmosphere. The entrance is left open to the patio, with a clear view of the downtown lights in sight. Sets a real good casual mood to accompany the meal.I ended up ordering the bronzed catfish and grits, while the person I was with ordered the crab cake dinner. Portions are definitely not as heavy as you'd expect from Cajun food, to which I'm used to getting immense servings. I guess the focus is more reliant on quality than on quantity; which was definitely shown here.-Bronzed catfish & grits: I absolutely loved this meal. The catfish in itself very tender, succulent and flavorful. The grits that accompanied the fish were outstanding. They were made with a smoked gouda cheese, which added an awesome twist to usual grits that I'm used to. I could see me coming back here just for this dish. The meal left me trying to clean my plate off with my spoon to get every drop out of it.-Crab cake dinner: These crab cakes are served on top of some greens. Seemed more like a salad type of deal. After I swooped in to steal a sample from my brother's plate, I noticed a unique sweet flavor to the crab cakes.  Also worth noting is that these cakes are very crab heavy. They don't skimp you in the amount of crab they put into each cake. This looked like a very light dish though. Not something I would order if I was hungry.-Bananas Foster: I wasn't a huge fan of this dessert. It didn't really stand out to me. I should have ordered the bread pudding, like most people recommended on here.All in all, I was really impressed with Lola's. I do see myself coming back here for my local Cajun fix. Consider myself a new fan.
3	Lola, Lola, Lola ...After a dinner of craw puppies, red beans and rice, bread pudding, gumbo, etouffee and other assorted goodies, we felt that we pretty much covered all the essential dishes to form a fair opinion of this little restaurant tucked away in the former Holsum Bread factory off West Charleston Blvd.  Sadly, we left somewhat disappointed.Service was mixed, with repeated reminders for water and missing items in the preparation of a chicken sandwich.  While we were warmly greeted when we arrived, the spotty service distracted from the overall experience.  We were seated outdoors and while the weather was mild, overlooking I-15, a dirt lot and roaring traffic on West Charleston Blvd was far from tranquil.We had mixed reviews on the food preparation as well.  While I could not replicate any of the dishes and all the credit is well deserved for chef, the dishes, other than the etouffee with crawfish, were lackluster, including the desserts, given other cajun restaurants we've dined in.  The craw puppies, while inventive, were overly salty.  The gumbo lacked the consistency that gumbo generally has, unless this was a West Coast version - think "thin.Lola's does foot the bill if you're looking for a local, off the strip meal at affordable costs, however, our experience left us hungry.
4	Cajun Food was Googled for Las Vegas and this is the Restaurant we found.  I am very glad that we went there  for our Monday night YELP dinner.    Charbroiled Oysters and Crab & Artichoke dip was ordered for an appetizer, all was delicious.  There was huge chunks  of Crab in the Crab & Artichoke Dip, Yummy!  For Entrees we ordered Shrimp Charlotte, A Fish Combo Meal which included Catfish, Fried Oysters, Fried Shrimp & a Cajun Crab Cake, Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya, and a 3 lb order of Crawfish.    Since this was our first time eating Cajun we had no idea how to properly eat Crawfish.  Lola came out, introduced herself and was very helpful in showing us the Best way to enjoy our meal.  She was very pleasant and greeted everyone at their tables.  We passed on dessert this night due to over eating but were told that the desserts were well worth it.  When we go back, we will leave room for dessert.  Two glasses of wine and two beers were ordered and our total bill was $123.00.  Give this restaurant a try, everything was delicious and  the service and music was good.
2	Being a big fan of Cajun and Creole food and having eaten at many of the fine and casual restaurants of this genre in Louisiana and Las Vegas (many Louisiana expats. in Vegas bring their cuisine to Vegas), and furthermore being a fan of any effort to invigorate and revitalize downtown Las Vegas, I gave Lola's a try based on some pretty good reviews from friends and family.  Friends and family had noted that Lola's best items were in things like the Jambalaya, craw puppies, Etoufee and things like Po' Boys were nothing too remarkable.Knowing this, for lunch, I shared the craw puppies with a friend, and had the Jambalaya.  Crawpuppies were ok, but unfortunately didn't stand out too much for me.Jambalaya was not quite as good as I had hoped - it was a bit soggy/mushy/overly moist and undercooked and was a bit clumpy as opposed to the rice grains standing on their own, and didn't have this nice crust some Jamabalaya comes with from the well cooked rice (a hallmark of Paella as well).  Had to add quite a bit of seasoning to the Jambalaya as well, as it was underseasoned in my assessment.I really hope Lola's can make it happen at this location.  Based on other reviews here of Lola's which are generally pretty good, perhaps my experience is unusual, and I will likely try Lola's again to give it another chance.  This is a great location, particularly with the RTC, County Government Center, City Hall, UMC/Hospitals/Medical Offices, Arts District, UNLV Shadow Lane Campus and many courts and law offices in the area - and a mid level good restaurant should do well.  Past history at this location (Bistro Divino, the deli - both pretty good) did not yield success - I hope Lola's can turn this around.
5	Location: Everyone knows where it is but probably hasn't ever been there lol.Restaurant: ClassyService: Two Thumbs Up!Eats: Charbroiled Oysters, Shrimp Etoufee, 1lb of Crawfish, Oyster Po Boy.Drinks: Diet Sprite & Purple HazeWe're in LOVE!!!Location: We drove up and the first thing that I saw were the bright neon lights to the Holsum Bakery Sign and there she was, just after the eye piercing neons... Lola's.Restaurant: She wasn't hard to find, sits at the 15 & Charleston. It's a very quiet parking lot but as soon as your start walking towards the restaurant, you notice the people sitting outside and a faint sound of some Jazz music coming from the inside of the restaurant, which, um, we like, like a lot! Ok, Valley Girl moment gone.Our visit was on a late Friday night, 8:30ish, we had made reservations but we didn't really need them, this visit, as we were seated right away. The restaurant is still young and fresh, they just opened in October but I have a feeling that once people start finding out about them, reservations may be mandatory because they sure do put some yummies in your tummies! Our friend that was with us mentioned that a lot of his co-workers eat there for lunch and it does get pretty busy during that time, so, heads up, make a reservation.Fleur-de-lis. Saints. Mardi Gras Beads. Umbrellas on the ceiling.  Jazz music, I hearts. I've never been to NOLA, I've only been exposed to anything NOLA by my Uncle, either by telling us stories about and such but they sure are representing anything and everything New Orleans in there that it makes me feel like I'm there! Very welcoming. Atmosphere, A+++Service: Quentin was our server. Very sweet gal and on top of everything! Refills and everything without asking and very knowledable when it came to the menu. There's nothing worse than a server that's clueless about what they're serving and we did not have an experience close to resembling that, awesome job!The Yummies: We shared the Charbroiled Oysters, I had the Etoufee with Purple Haze and bites of the Hubster's food, the Po Boy and Crawfish with a Diet Sprite. There is not one complaint about the flavor of the food! Everything they brought out had great presentation and tasted great. I loved that with the Crawfish, they gave us a bucket, unlike a  local restaurant that has you throw it on your table just to have the juices spill all over your lap, yum. It was the first time that I tried Purple Haze beer, it's a wheat beer, the haze, with a hint of rasberry, the purple and it was quite yummy, so much so that I ordered 2 :). A friend of ours ordered the catfish and bread pudding and he enjoyed it. In fact, when the bread pudding came out, he took a bite and his eyes rolled to the back of his head,... I'm pretty sure he liked it :DAs we were eating dinner, we were approched by a woman with a pretty smile, a Fleur-de-lis hanging from each ear and introduced herself, it was Lola! She was so nice and we chit chatted for a little bit and even took a photo with her :)During dinner, my husband turned to me and said "This is the flavor that I've been looking for!" I completely agreed with him, everything was spot on. Yea, we'll be back.
3	This place has changed hands and incarnations so many times.  Currently, it's a Louisiana-inspired place.  Tasty food, but pretty pricey for lunch.  I don't think I will be going there again unless someone else is picking up the tab.
4	Good food, pleasant atmosphere. Highly recommend
4	After taking 3 friends to see Sandy Hackett's Rat Pack Show at the Sahara, I passed on the chance to have them buy a buffet dinner at Paris Las Vegas.  Instead, I was off to Lola's in search of some Cajun cuisine and I got it!I started out with the craw puppies, followed this with the bronzed cat fish with smoked gouda grits and andouille sausage,.  Finally, I had bread pudding for dessert.Everything was excellent.  Service was a delight, the restaurant is small and quite comfortable, and the food was delicious.  I saved some of my garlic bread to soak up the spicy juices left in the bowl after I finished the cat fish and grits.  I thought it would be unseemly to lick the bowl clean.Lola came to the table and introduced herself.  She was wearing a Saints blouse.  She's quite a lovely woman.I will be back!
4	i was extended to eat  here when i first walked in i notice that the restaurant was  small but  i really liked the atmosphere and the look of the restaurant  the food  was good and they had really good deserts and i also  liked the service  it's a good family owned business i will definitely be back.
5	I absolutely enjoyed my night at Lola's Kitchen.  It was first Friday's so I knew there was going to be a blues jazz band playing during dinner.  The band definitely sets the ambiance for a nice moonlit dinner on the restaurant's outdoor patio.  It was quite warm, but a nice cold beer definitely fixed that factor.  The blues jazz band was amazing, and was a super plus to the environment, and the fabulous food.For appetizers, the love and I had craw puppies and a dozen charbroiled oysters.  The craw puppeies is an awesome creation and is so good!  Crispy on the outside, and yummy on the inside.  Perfect sauce to go with it too.  The charbroiled oysters are really good too.  Just the right amount of flavor, and the right amount of cooking.  I will definitely order both the next time I come which is first Friday of October! :)For entrees, my boyfriend had the Shrimp Jambalaya, and I had the famous Catfish and Grits.  OH-EM-GEE!  The super kind waitress told us that this was Lola's signature dish and my oh my she was NOT kidding.  I love fish, but this fish was so flavorful, and the bed of grits it lay on was perfect!  The sauce...amazing!  There were mushrooms and sausage that lay in the sauce too....perfect combination.  All together, it was an amazing dish!  If you come here, the Catfish and Grits is a definite must try.  My boyfriend's Shrimp Jambalaya was just as flavorful.  He enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed my dish.  For dessert, we had the banana foster.  To admit, the presentation wasn't all that great, but it tasted wonderful.  I love bananas, so it was a defitnite cherry on top to my awesome dinner.  We are definitely coming back again!  Great date night if eating on the patio, great place to get cozy with friends, or just come for really good food in a good vibe type atmosphere!  2 thumbs up Lola!!!! Love it!
5	It really pays to get off the Strip!My wife & I boarded the Gold Line bus for the ride into what's called the Arts District of Vegas. The walk from the bus stop to Lola's at night seemed a bit scary but, in the end, wasn't that far. Boy, was Lola's worth the walk.We started with the flame-broiled oysters and fresh sweet bread. What a combo. I could have eaten a dozen but we kept it to a half dozen so we had room for e rest of e meal.For my entree, I enjoyed the Trout Meniere Almondine - fried fish at it's finest, moist and perfectly cooked. My wife loved the Ebony Catfish over grits with a yummy sauce studded with Andouille sausage.Save room for dessert because they are all made in-house. We shared a huge portion of Bananas Foster with ice cream. The bananas were perfectly caramelized.Take a break from the  madness called The Strip. Do yourself a favor and check out Lolas.BTW,  there IS a Lola. She came out of the kitchen to introduce herself. What a sweet person, as are the rest of the staff.
4	Every meal I have had from here is great.  Even when I am not in the mood for a big meal.  Their side dishes are plenty yummy.  I am a fan of their potato salad.
3	I knew I would love Lola's before I ever even visited - it's locally-owned, non-chain, downtown, and serves Cajun food! However, the food was a real disappointment. The fried oysters were super fishy and the texture of the actual oysters was almost kinda crumbly. Weird, but I'll let that go because maybe all fried oysters are like that?? I had coleslaw on the side which seemed to just be shreds of cabbage with none of the mayonnaise-y sauce. Seriously none and I'm not even a big mayonnaise-y sauce fan. Maybe they made a mistake back in the kitchen when they were mixing up the coleslaw and forgot to put the rest of the ingredients in? Sweet potato fries were decent. My friend got the jambalaya, and it had a weird texture, too. I only had one bite of it, but she didn't have much more.The prices are another strike - actually they're not bad at all for dinner, but I would have really appreciated a lunch special since we were there for lunch. It came out to over $20 each with our meal, a soda, and tip.Overall, I'd give it 1 star, but I so want to love a local place downtown with a cute patio that I'm giving it 3 for now and hope to go back to try some of the other dishes (gumbo seems to be popular?).
4	Suprisingly pleased with this spot.  As a southerner, 2 hours from LA, I have higher expectations of cajun food than others.  E.g Hot & Juicy would be slightly above average compared to what you can get in the South when looking at quality and price.  But everything is relative to where you live, so this place really stands out for cajun/louisina food. I ordered the Crawfish Etoufee and cup of Gumbo.  The Etoufee was well seasoned and spiced.  I liked the bread they served with the Etoufee to mop up all the juice.  The gumbo could have used a little more kick.  Next time I'll be sure to try the charbroiled oysters, soft shell crab, bronzed catfish n grits, and the new orleans style bbq shrimp.Please bring BBQ crabs - they are so  damm good!
2	Here's the thinking for my stars:  Based on my food, I would have given this one star, but my wife's blackened shrimp and grits earned them another star.   The price cancelled out the star i would have given for the staff.My jambalaya was like an overcooked paste.  The flavor wasn't horrible, but i didn't think it was any better than a boxed version.My wife did end up liking her shrimp and grits, but she didn't really like it at first and it had to grow on her.  I thought the shrimp was overdone and tough myself.  The gouda grits were surprisingly good, and I don't normally like grits.Overall, it was very, very average.  Then the bill came.  $20 a person is too much to spend for such mediocrity... And i was actually still a little hungry.
4	If entrees with grits are gold, then entrees with grits, gouda, sausage, and catfish are platinum. With all its bling, Lola's is pretty pimp.Thanks to Michele E. and fellow Yelpers who suggested the bronzed catfish and craw puppies. Those two dishes attracted me back to Lola's for a second time and will certainly get me back for a third.  Even though I've never been to New Orleans, I agree with Blair B. who described the Po Boy as a little small. It's short on shrimp. Split in two,it yielded 4" halves that contained two shrimp each. More shrimp would set it off.Lola's also offers great service, a tasty selection of beers and wine (at affordable prices), and a fun atmosphere. Saturday nights are particularly fun because of the live band.
3	We showed up a half hour early, and they were already closing down for the night. However, after the waitstaff checked with the kitchen they decided to serve us during business hours. The service was good, and the beer selection rocked. My friends both ordered the jambalaya, and we were all disappointed. I've made better, and I'm not much of a cook. I ordered the catfish and grits, which was very tasty (especially the grits). I was looking forward to desert during the whole meal. We ordered three items, but were not impressed with any of them. That's how I came to three stars. I will give it another try, since there's a serious lack of mom and pop restaurants in Vegas.
2	Went here with my wife for dinner about three months ago. The food was good, not great. We shared the crawpuppies which were tasty but a little over-cooked. My wife got the bronzed catfish and grits. The grits were really good, but I didn't care for the catfish. I had the jambalaya which was fine, though the rice was a little mushy.
4	Time to get off the strip and go to a normal restaurant and what a restaurant! I had the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya  and it was AWESOME!! My girlfriend had the New Orleans Style BBQ Shrimp and they were incredible too!! Overall a REALLY good, off the strip, real world dinner!!!
4	Best cajun restaurant in vegas!    I went after shopping at the fashion outlet down the road.  I had a hard time deciding what to order because every item on the menu looked interesting.  Crab cakes were delicious and meaty.  The jambalaya was good and flavorful.  The Shrimp Charlotte was good but the noodles tasted and even smelled like instant ramen.  Wierd.  Overall, I had a very good experience.  The extra friendly waiter was more than helpful.  Hopefully they'll have happy hour soon so I can sample more of their menu.
5	Small and cozy, this place has a great comfortable atmosphere, excellent service and all of the food just matches as well.  Fried shrimp PoBoy, roast beef debris as well, Gumbo is fantastic, bananna pudding like my mom made, and of course Lola herself to round it out.  GO THERE you won't regret it!
5	Perfect portion sizes, awesome fresh tasting sweet potato fries and the lightest most delicious grits since I was in NOLA! Yum:)it looks like it connects to a exhibit/museum next door- more to explore when i return. because i will!
5	My wife's from New Orleans and she absolutely loves the food here. She says it reminds her of home. The staff us extremely friendly and it was a quite, comfy atmosphere. The first Friday every month they also have live music.
4	Gonna keep this short and simple...tried to go out for First Friday earlier this month since we just moved to our downtown loft..but it was WAY too cold. Decided pretty late we wanted to give Lola's a try.It was bout 9pm when we got there, it was still pretty packed so ended up sitting close to the bar.  Got some sweet teas, which were perfect, not too sweet.  Started with the craw puppies- they were okay, moist inside with a hint of crawfish flavor.I got a salad and can't remember the name of it but it had shrimp and a roumelade sauce. Obviously it was not all that since I can't recall the dish...The mister had the shrimp and grits- he liked it but wished he had more grits.  I tried his dish and I actually LOVED it, had great flavor but portion was a little small for the price.  I happend to agree that at least it should've had more grits.Overall, a success and we will be back to try the other items!
4	We discovered Lola's by word of mouth. Oh my goodness...it lives up to the hype. My man and I had the sweet tea (my favorite type of tea!) and started off with the crab cake with lemon aioli (I think). It was yummy and sinful. Next we ventured into the po' boy section of the menu. SO TASTY! I had the one with pot roast and he had the fried shrimp. I definitely recommend that you get them dressed (with mayo and tartar sauce). Its out of this world. Lastly, we finished up the meal with bread pudding with Chantilly cream. It was heavenly.Overall Lola's was awesome. The service is very friendly and the food is dynamite. The only reason its not getting 5 stars is because they close too early and I always miss them. Oh well...such is life.
5	This place is amazing! We went to check out the art district and figured we would check out Lola's as we have heard a lot about it.When you walk in it is very cozy and friendly. The staff is also a plus. We had the craw puppies and a crab cake for starters. Both were really good. The craw puppies are their take on a hush puppy but so much better. Little fried craw fish balls of delight. The crab cakes at this place are so good and might I add that Lola is very generous with the amounts of real crab meat. It came out on a bed of greens with aioli drizzled on the top.For dinner, I tried the signature cat fish and grits and my friend had the blackened shrimp po-boy. The fish and grits were very good with pieces of sausage and mushroom in the sauce. My friend loved the po-boy and thought it was just the right size. The sweet potato fries were really good and even better with a side of the secret craw puppy dip.We were so full but had to try dessert anyway. We share the bread pudding and bananas foster. BEST BREAD PUDDING I have ever eaten and I have tried a lot all over the country. It comes out nice and hot with a side of whipped cream. The bananas foster was a hit too. The presentation wasn't a five star but the taste was a ten.After we finished and were ready to go, Lola herself came out to see us. I have to saw that I was shocked that the owner took time away from the kitchen to see how they did. She is a sweet lady and very hospitable covered in Saints gear.I will be back to Lola's many times. The food was great and the service was just as good!
4	Was invited to a group dinner of 6 on Saturday, January 29th:This was my first visit.  The atmosphere was quaint and quiet.The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I ordered the New Orleans Style BBQ Shrimp.  Before ordering, the server made sure that I understood what I was ordering.  He excitedly described the dish and I was sold, along with another member of our party.The meal arrived and looked great.  Five large shrimp, U-20's I think, on top a bed of rice, soaked with the spicy Cajun style sauce that the shrimp were slow cooked in.  Cayenne pepper was on the rim of the plate that immediately cleared my sinuses. I ate with delight, took some bread from my girlfriend's catfish po-boy (which was also delicious) and mopped up the sauce.  The meal was delicious and not overwhelmingly filling.One of our party members ordered the bread pudding for dessert.  I tried a bite and it was fantastic.Will definitely be back and recommend to many.
5	Wow, what a find!  My coworker spotted this place on Yelp and convinced a few of us to go.My cab driver had some trouble finding the place, until he noticed it was right next to the bread factory:  "Ohhh well you didn't tell me it was next to the bread factory!  If you had said it was right next to the bread factory, i would have known exactly where it was. Next time you should mention that it's next to the bread factory."  Note to self: next time, tell the cab driver it's next to the bread factory.The meal was absolutely delicious and about half the price of a much crappier meal on the strip.  Gumbo - delicious.  Blackened catfish with grits - unbelievably delicious.  Bananas foster dessert - delicious.The waiter was super-friendly and Lola herself came out from the kitchen to say goodbye when we left!This place is truly a diamond in the rough.  I mean that literally -- I think we passed 5 different bail bonds companies and LIVE NUDE GIRLS clubs on the way to the restaurant from the main strip. In any case, I'm not kidding when I say that I plan to visit this restaurant every time I visit Las Vegas from now on.Thanks Lola for giving me something to look forward to on my next visit!!
4	In Vegas there's so many restaurants to choose from. But because of my fellow Yelpers we gave this highly rated spot a try. We were blown away that the food was so good and the spices was so close to New Orleans Style. For starters, we had the crab cake and the craw puppies. Unfortunately, you only get one crab cake. Then ordered the BBQ shrimp and the shrimp creole which had just the right seasoning. Food was delicious but could increase the portions. The atmosphere is nice and waitress was nice. I recommend getting there when they're opening. It gets crowded fast with the people who work in the area.
5	The food here is amazing!  I fell in love with the New Orleans Style BBQ Shrimp.  My group and I had the Crab Cake, Crab and Artichoke Dip, Crawpuppies, Sweet Potato Fries and Bread Pudding.  All were excellent.  If you love Cajun food go here.
5	Shrimp and grits with andouille sausage and mushroom ragout was out of this world. This was the best meal I've had since moving to Vegas.The atmosphere was great - very relaxed and friendly. A band was playing out front masking the traffic sounds with authentic New Orleans brass. Our waiter inside was super friendly, relatable, and attentive. They serve a tasty local Louisiana brew, Abita SOS (Save Our Shore), which is a "Charitable Fund" that will assist with the rescue and restoration of the environment, industry and individuals fighting to survive the disastrous Gulf Coast oil spill.
5	Tonight was special. I actually got of work early enough where me and my man could stop in to Lola's for a much needed po' boy fix. Christopher took great care of us and treated us like we were guests in his own home. We ordered 2 Abitas (I love their Purple Haze...great chick beer), Crawpuppies (little fried corn meal balls with shredded crawfish mixed in with some sort of dijon lemon aioli on the side), a fried shrimp po' boy and a beef pot roast po' boy (both "dressed" of course and with a side of sweet potato fries for me and regular fries for my man). It was like heaven on a roll...so perfectly cooked and melting in my mouth. I also asked for a side of honey mustard for the sweet potato fries which made it that much better. I noticed that they had Apple Bread Pudding as a special and I so desperately wanted to try it (having sampled the regular bread pudding with Chantilly cream...I knew it would be out of this world...plus my man like all things apple for dessert) but our stomachs wouldn't allow it. Bummer. Will have to make a special trip just for dessert (bread pudding and bananas foster).
2	I went to Lola's while I was on a business trip in Vegas.  Bottom line, very mediocre compared to most cajun restaurants in Southern Louisiana.  I had the blackened chicken with vegetables and my  colleagues had the catfish.  The concept is nice, but the food definitely not indicative of what makes SoLA or New Orleans famous.  Just doesn't have the sophistication of culinary artistry or taste that I expected.  Keep on trying, though.
5	Hot n juicy what? Crab corner who?  That's what u will be asking yourself after tasting Lola's crawfish. Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasonedSo after we went zip lining at Freemont Street this afternoon, we were HONGRY...As we pass by a sign indicating that Lola's have Louisiana Style boiled crawfish, Friday and Saturday, I quickly yelped Lola's. Called and learned that 200lbs of live crawfish is flown in to be boiled for perfection. Sounds good to us so we made a U-turn.  When we walked into this little restaurant, we immediately feel as if though we were somewhere in Louisiana.  The decor was mardi gras-ish.  We looked at the menu and saw that 5lbs of crawfish, w/potato and corn for $41.99.  That sounds pretty awesome but we played it safe and ordered 1lb to see if it meets our expectation prior to going for the big bang.  After 5 mins or so, our 1lb of crawfish along with a corn on the cob and a cute little potato came out.  We each grabbed a crawfish...it smelled right...snap off the tail and peeled off the shell, took a bite and WOW.  The meat was tender and juicy, was seasoned perfectly.  They were not drenched in oil and/or butter like the competition.  No need for any condiment.  Lola made it right.  We then quickly flagged our waiter down and politely asked if we may take advantage of the 5lbs deal by adding another 4lbs to the order.  He asked Lola and she was so awesome to allow it.  10 mins later, Lola brought out the 4lbs of crawfish to us herself.  She is such a wonderful and funny lady owner.  And, best of all, she knows how to make delicious crawfish.  We also ordered a dozen wings with fries.  We liked them naked fried so we asked the waiter beforehand if they were battered fried or naked fried.  He responded that they are naked fried.  WRONG!  They came out battered fried.  BOOOOOO.  But the flavor was there so we let it go.  We learned that our waiter has only been there for 2 weeks so it's ok.  The crawfish was so tasty that it didn't matter.To end this wonderful lunch at Lola's, we   ordered the bread pudding.  It was warm and moist, with a hint of Mr. Jim Bean secret concoction.  YUM.It has been hard for us to find a place that makes crawfish like how we remembered it to be in the South.  All the other items on the menu looks delicious, but we can't find ourselves ordering anything other than crawfish!  As soon as crawfish season is over, we will delve into the other menu items, like the red bean and rice, jambalaya, and so many more...If you love crawfish, this place is a must. You will not be disappointed.
4	I was fortunate to get off work early a couple of nights ago...and much to my surprise...my man got off at the same time. Hooray...impromptu date night. He suggested Grind burger but I wanted a po' boy from Lola's. He enthusiastically agreed and off we went. We arrive to a not very crowded restaurant so we were worried that they were closing soon (I have a no showing up 30 minutes prior to closing rule....it just works out better for all involved). They welcomed us with open arms willing to feed two very hungry people. Our server was very sweet and attentive (for the life of me I can't remember his name....shame on me...I do remember he wore glasses). We ordered our usual Abita beers (my man got an amber ale and I opted for the purple haze), crab cake appetizer with lemon garlic aioli, a fried shrimp po' boy and a roast beef debris po' boy (both dressed of course). As for side dishes...sweet potato fries were on my mind (be sure to ask for a side of honey mustard dressing...just makes the fries so much tastier...if that's possible). It was so yummy and just what the doctor ordered. There was very little conversation and lots of masticating (I LOVE that word). We were too full and tired for dessert....but we left very happy campers. We will be back soon :)
4	This place is quite charming, considering its location-vegas. I had the fettucine b/c I'd just returned from a daunting trip and was hungry as a cow... it was great. I also tried a few crawfish for the first time: they were good, but not as good as shrimp and not worth the work. Crab cakes: fantastic! I expected more seasoned hotness from Louisiana food, but a complex flavor was definitely there. I'll be back to try the salmon. The menu was decently priced and creative. It seems like a great place to eat (and drink) outside(are they BYOB?). I'll be back. Service was amazing!
5	Fantastic food and service!  The catfish was amazing and be sure to try the bread pudding for dessert!  Our server Frank was top notch, very attentive and his menu recommendations were spot on!  This restaurant is a true jewel of the Las Vegas cuisine scene.  Check it out today!
5	Everything was great on our first visit last night, and we fully intend to return soon and dine again... it was very hard to select what we wanted from the menu, so much in competition for our top choices... Our server, Frank, was very helpful, friendly, personable... made for a great evening out.
4	I was pretty excited when a friend invited me to check out Lola's for their crawfish. This was my first crawfish boil and it certainly lived up to it's expectations.It was nice out that day and Lola's had a nice little patio to dine but I wanted to experience the whole Louisiana ambiance so we decided to dine inside. The decor had a new Orleans theme going on but the one thing that caught my eye were the vibrant paintings. You can certainly tell that the owner shows a lot pride and passion form where she is from through the decor.So let's get to the nitty gritty "THE FOOD". I was disappointed at their beer selection. They had the typical Budwiser, millers, etc. But they only had two Abita beer selections and for those beer lovers Abita is brewed in Louisiana. Although they had only two, much props for having the SOS (save our shore) which was brewed as a charitable beer for the most recent oil spill in the gulf. This again reflected the owners passion to her home town. We went there for the crawfish so we ordered the 5 lb special and after seeing it come out it was well worth the 41.99 price. There were only two of us and the 5 lbs would be good for 4 people. It was time to get in "caveman" mode, took the first crawfish ripped off the head and sucked it's delicious juices. The seasoning was perfect, there was a little kick to it but not too spicy where it overwhelms your palette. The tail meat was sweet, with the taste of shrimp and the texture of lobster. "Crawfish the poor mans lobster". I didn't care much for the claws so I kindly shared them with my friend who had more patience cracking them open. I skipped on the potatoes and corn that came with the boil because I just couldn't stop eating the crawfish.Overall my first crawfish boil experience was a very good one and plan to come back to try Lola's other dishes. So if your from Louisiana and live in Vegas, I'm sure you'll feel a little closer to home when you eat at Lola's.
4	I love the name Lola.  If I could convince my husband to name one of our way-down-the-line, future children, Lola, I would.  Not because of this restaurant, but because I like the name.  And I like the song.But I digress.While me and the hubs were leaving the outlet mall after working up an appetite from shopping, we were at a loss for where to go to lunch.  As we are at the stop light in front of Lola's, which is located next to that old Holsum Bakery (you've seen it- bright neon lights on Charleston, with a large clock), I made a fast turn into the parking lot.We walked into Lola's and its a very small, quaint little place that has that has that feel of "this could be either really good or really bad".  Luckily for us, it was good!Our waiter, totally forgot his name (Frankie?) was really nice and gave us plenty of time to decide what we wanted.We decided to share a crab cake appetizer and the Bronzed Catfish and Grits.  Me, being from the Midwest, I've never had grits and was very excited to try them!On the menu, it says there is a $5 charge for sharing, but it's just there to discourage people from doing that all the time, so there really isn't a charge- hooray!OMG- the Bronzed Catfish & Grits- Fresh bronzed Catfish served over Smoked Gouda Grits with an Andouille Sausage and Mushroom Ragout.  Totally DELISH!  WOW!  The seasonings on the catfish will blow you away- perfect amount, just a tiny bit of spice (if you don't like spicy, you will love this as there isn't really any spice at all), cooked flaky.  The grits, ohhh man, the grits.  These gouda grits are so yummy!  creamy and have great flavor!  I don't like sausage (hey- get that 6th grade humor outta here! ;) ) but this was very good.  However, I don't remember a mushroom ragout... maybe it was mixed in?I would layer my fork with catfish, grits & sausage and smile as i was chewing, it was that good.The crab cake appetizer was good, but unfortunate for us, we asked for it to come out with the catfish & grits and the catfish & grits totally took over and we ignored the crab cake.We would love to come back and try the crawfish... we hear Friday's are the day to enjoy them!We will be back... L-L-Lola, L-L-Lola!
4	NOTE: Consider this a 3.5-star review. I just didn't have the option on Yelp.Overall, a fine meal with a couple of small hiccups. The waitress did her part, keeping a close eye on the table before my wife arrives, bringing drinks, offering appetizers, the whole nine. We sat outside and enjoyed the rare perfect Vegas weather, one of two tables out there for a late lunch. That's only important because I think the kitchen took way too long under the circumstances.We both ordered po' boys - me the roast beef debris ($9) and she the blackened catfish ($11.) For a couple of simple sandwiches, the kitchen was really slow. I felt bad for the waitress, who kept looking at us and going back to the kitchen over and over. It was at least 20 minutes with only one other table ordering in front of us.The bread was the star of mine, fresh and with a good spread on it that added a lot of flavor. The beef was fine - nothing special, a touch dry but still enjoyable. I'd thought about getting the fried oyster po' boy and I think I'd go that way next time. The catfish was spot on, blackened with a little spice, no fishy taste at all. My sweet potato fries were solid, her regular fries were excellent, clearly fresh cut and not too greasy.Check came to $24 with tip, which I think is a little pricey for a couple of sandwiches. That's the half-star I yanked from what would have been four stars otherwise. On the whole, good enough to get me back in for a second try.
5	Lola's is the bomb!  I love, love, love their catfish and cheesy grits, and their homemade desserts are to die for.  We have visited several times, and the owner often comes out to greet us. Everyone seems very personable, and the food is always fresh and well-crafted.  One of our all-time fave places to go in Vegas!
4	This was my 2nd visit and although 1st time was a disappointment I'm definitely a fan. I first stopped by last year right after a trip to New Orleans, was super excited to see barbecue shrimp on the menu. It ended up being a big let down - think it was $17 or $18 for 4 shrimp in a not spicy sauce and a huge mound of rice. I left feeling a little ripped off- it felt like that should've been a $12 appetizer vs an entree.  I went with friends for lunch last week and LOVE Lola's now. We were seated outside and I think the server forgot about us for a while. But the food made up for it. I had the soft shell crab po boy - huge, bread was cut in half with 1 crab in each so perfect for sharing. Crispy yummy crab on their light flaky bread. I got the potato salad, which was just ok. Fries were also mediocre, but sweet potato fries were possibly the best I've ever had. Had some of my friends fried shrimp po boy too - only 4 shrimp total, which is a little skimpy but the shrimp were pretty fat and super sweet. Also tried a bite of someones blackened catfish. I've never been a fan of catfish but this was so spicy and flavorful I'd totally order it next time.Rhythm kitchen is still my fav Creole place in town but I'm loving Lola's for their po boys. Oh and the buttered grilled bread they bring you is also a must
5	Lolas has to be one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Las Vegas. They have GREAT customer service and the food is D-Lish. I highly recommend the Crab Artichoke Dip-Ummm you can taste the freshness in every bite. Lot's of crab inside..you'll want more TRUST me. Another great dish is
4	I have been reading the reviews for Lola's lustily for the last few months and finally made it here for lunch.  I had planned on ordering a Po Boy or the BBQ shrimp, but when I saw this crazy good looking salad roll by, I switched my order.  Here's what we had:1/2 dozen charbroiled oysters - Holy crap!  This were so cheesy, garlicky and good! a must order.  Take my advice.  Dip your bread in the oyster shell to soak up the sauce.  Shrimp Remoulade - This is the salad I ordered.  Sadly, it was not what I saw go by to another table.  Happily, it was still very good.  But don't be a fool like me.  Order something more exciting than a salad at Lola's.Blackened shrimp po boy - The bite I had of this was soo good. My only complaint is that service was way too slow for a lunch spot.  I am usually pretty rushed at lunch, but I would like to go back for dinner.  Then I can relax and just enjoy the yummy food.  And try all the other things on the menu!
5	Lola's earned an additional star for prompt lunch service!  I must have loved this place because when I returned for a second time in less than 2 weeks, I was pretty excited!  Started with the charbroiled oysters again!  Even better than I remembered.  Garlicky and delicious.  This time I figured out the sexy salad I saw walking by my table on my last visit was a Caesar salad with blackened shrimp.  I also figured out that I was going to order something more exciting than a salad!  I had a the fried oyster po boy and my man had the blackened shrimp po boy.  My po boy was perfectly dressed and the oyster breading had a peppery kick.  Still liked the blackened shrimp best but glad I tried the fried oysters.  I had coleslaw and kept stealing fries.  Their fries are really good, but I found the coleslaw a little too creamy for my taste.  I like a little vinegar in slaw.  Come here and enjoy their little patio before it is too hot.  Kind of a pricey lunch, but oh so worth it.  Lola's is really a hidden gem.
4	I'm a fan of their crawfish although it might not be for everyone since it's on the spicy side. I don't believe they're as flexible as some other crawfish places since they didn't ask if we wanted it spicy or mild. Our waitress recommended the strawberry lager and it was light and refreshing. Perfect pairing for the crawfish. The catfish with grits was absolutely delicious. I didn't think I'd like grits that much.
5	wait, i didn't review this place yet? well, it deserves some love. I really love this place whenever we go to Vegas. It's off the strip and across from the LV outlets in the old Bakery (and i forgot the name). Very small and cute but it's quite the gem. On my first try, I had the Bronzed Catfish which was awesome, yet a bit on the greasy side. The grits underneath were so good with it. We've also had the crawfish hush puppies and I've had the Sweet Tea. Crawfish Crabcakes are awesome too! Pretty cool place which you don't expect in Vegas. It's hard to find good Cajun/Creole food anywhere west of the Mississippi, but this rates up there.
5	Lolas is located in the artsy complex that once housed the Holsum Bread bakery.  We met for dinner on a Friday night, and the place was full when we arrived at 6:45.  Friend had catfish and grits, I had jambalaya.  We were both very happy with our meals.  By 7;45 or so several tables had opened up.  We saw couples, families with kids, hipsters, and it looked to me like a locals spot.  Prices were reasonable in my view - we got out of there - food and beverages for about $25 each.
4	I am very fond of Lola's.  My boyfriend and I had dinner on Friday night - which is their big crawfish night.  - I can't remember if they do all you can eat crawfish or if it's just on special.Anyhow, we've been there twice.  The first time we went on a Sunday night and it was really quiet as it was just before closing time.  Our server advised that we come in on a Friday night to have crawfish.  My boyfriend is from a small town in Louisiana and LOVES crawfish.  So, we ended up coming back to eat on First Friday. The atmosphere was great.  There was a great band playing and it was very laid back.  We did have to wait for about 15 to 20 minutes for a table, because it was at the peak of dinner time.  Plus, this isn't the type of place where you eat and leave right away.  It's nice to sit back, have a beer, and just talk.  The food is delicious.  We ordered about five pounds of crawfish, the crab dip, and for dessert, we had bananas foster and bread pudding.  The dessert was wonderful.  I'd go just for dessert!  I think they could definitely work on being a bit more organized when it comes to seating.  My boyfriend gets cranky when he is hungry and made a comment that there were two tables that had been empty for about five to ten minutes that just needed to be bussed.  I was enjoying the weather and the band - as they have an outdoor patio.  Plus, I always think to have a small snack before we go anywhere new - just so that I'm not starving if we have to wait to be seated.  I personally love the atmosphere.  I adore downtown Las Vegas - as it is the closest thing that we have to history and art in this town.  I know that we have the fine art galleries on the strip - but I love being able to experience a city and its people doing normal things like gathering for dinner.  I really hope Lola's just gets better.  I'm a fan and hope to stay one :)
4	Highly recommended. Good prices and fun band. The food tasted home made and touched perfectly on that good ol' Creole cuisine. The Shrimp et Touffe is amazingly rich. Oh and did I mention the Bananas Foster? It's to die for.  I think I'm a crawfish-crackin' pro now! Thanks Lola
5	Great food, its a way off the strip but definitely worth the trip. The gumbo was as good or better than any we had in New Orleans. The crab cakes were the best I've had. The jambalaya and red beans and rice were both outstanding,  even though my red beans are as good.
5	I must say this is a must try!If your new to Cajun food the staff is ready to walk you through the whole menu.I did not try desert yet, but promise I will be doing that soon!
5	I LOVE Lola's! I have been to Lola's twice now, and both experiences were outstanding. The first time I went to Lola's it was to celebrate my birthday. We wanted to find a downtown location that could accommodate a large group. After several failed attempts at making reservations at other downtown eateries, my friend called Lola's. We were able to make a reservation for 17 without any trouble. When we arrived, I was surprised to see what a small space it was. Even though it's such a humble space, we didn't feel cramped. Everyone in the group, even the picky eaters, were able to find something on the menu that tickled their fancy. The food all came out at the same time which is something I truly appreciate when dining with a large group. On my first visit I tried the gumbo and crab cakes. Not only were they delicious, but the presentation of the crab cakes is adorable with cursive L's drawn in tasty lemon-garlic aioli. Everyone in the group was pleased with their choices. Some people in our group were a little surprised by how spicy their meals were. Word to the wise, if the menu says "spicy" don't take it lightly! I had the bread pudding for dessert, and it was tasty too! Everyone agreed that one highlight of the meal was the bread. It is sliced thin and lightly grilled. The bread is pillowy and has just the right amount of crunch. Yum! They also have a nice selection of Abita beer. As we left, they wished me a happy birthday, and I promised we would be back soon. I kept true to my word, and we ate dinner there again tonight. We had the hot crab and artichoke dip. It came out piping hot, and did not disappoint. I had the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya. It is a generous portion and very flavorful. Tonight's dessert special was peach cobbler. It was totally perfect. The service was friendly and efficient. Lola's has quickly become a favorite! Next time, I think I may try one of their Po-Boys with sweet potato fries...mmm.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! My mom and I were driving along Charleston Blvd when we came across this place. This was my first attempt at Cajun Food - let me tell you, it's DELICIOUS! I had the Blackened Catfish with Grits. Never had Catfish nor Grits before, so needless to say, I was super apprehensive. Coming from Hawaii where Spam is King, Catfish and Grits are not exactly on the menu everyday.  But, I was assured by the super nice Waiter that it's Lola's special and that I would not be disappointed. When the dish came out, it was more than I could have expected! The cajun spices were amazing - it has a spicy bite, but not to the point where you are dying for water. It's the perfect combination to the flaky soft fish. Combined with the grits and mushroom sauce...omg...it's a party in your mouth. Fast forward to dessert, my mom has a sweet tooth so she had to have something. But, she couldn't decide between the Bread Pudding and the Banana Fosters. Lo and behold, Lola herself comes out and suggests the Banana Fosters Bread Pudding. Apparently, a lot of other people were in the same predicament and so Lola combined the two desserts into one. If you go here, you must try the Banana Fosters Bread Pudding. Words will not do it justice, so I will not even try to attempt to express how amazing this dessert it. Go there. Try it. I promise - you will not be disappointed. Lola is the nicest lady ever - she came out from the Kitchen and greeted every single table. When she stopped by our table, she greeted us like family and immediately made us feel like we've known her for years! Bottom line, this place is a MUST GO when in Vegas. Good Food, Good Service and Good People. What more could you ask for?
4	I've come here a handful of times but haven't had a chance to write a review until now.  The food here is very good, seafood is always very fresh.  I've had a po-boy and some of their other dishes.  The jambalaya is one of the better that I've had, and their gumbo is pretty good too.  The only reason I took away a star is for price.  It was $20 with tip for a bowl of gumbo and a drink.  A little pricey for lunch, especially considering I was hungry again after a few more hours.
4	My husband and I found this place on Aug. 7, 2011 thru  YELP.  We did not make a mistake and so are the people praising this establishment. From the moment we went in, we felt relaxed and ready to order.  Too bad I forgot the name of the lady that waited on us because she is so charming and helpful that she'll try to accommodate your requests.  I ordered the bronzed catfish, but I also want to taste the shrimp.  She said that they can make it half and half and not very spicy.  My husband ordered the seafood platter with mussels, shrimps, oysters, fish. Wow the flavor of the food was soooo goooood.  And the price is very reasonable. The place is very clean and did I already say that the people are the sweetest.  Will definitely come back here whenever we are in Vegas.
3	I wish I could give this place a five star rating. I absolutely loved the food the couple of times I've eaten there. However, service was miserable on my second visit.Starting with the food - I've been able to try a bunch of items on their menu. The Catfish with grits is amazing. I've never been a big fan of grits, but Lola's has definitely changed my mind. It's not the tasteless mushy crap you get at other places. Both their shrimp po boy and philly cheese steak po boy are good, especially for their price. And their red beans and rice had great flavor to it, and even has some sausage mixed in with it. The only part that semi bothered me was they don't give you much rice with it. The proportion of rice to beans is extremely off. Now on to the service. The first time I went, there was only a couple other tables that were filled, and service was decent. It definitely wasn't the service I expected seeing as that they weren't very busy, but it was something I could live with. On my second visit, the service was miserable enough to make me never want to go back. After we were seated, we were not approached again for another 6-8 minutes. Someone finally took our drink orders, with the promise that our waitress would be any minute. He came back with our drinks, and another five minutes later - no one had approached us. Finally, the guy who took our drink orders, came back & said our waitress was busy and that he would take our food orders. I ordered a po boy and asked for it to be dressed. When the food came, it wasn't dressed. Our two drinks sat on our table empty for a good ten minutes. Finally, a waitress asked if our ice tea needed to be replenished, simply because she had a pitcher of ice tea in her hand, but completely ignored the other empty glass on the table. Also, the wait to get the check was long as well. By the end of the meal, I was so annoyed at the horrible service and wait time I had experienced. I can usually deal with sub par service, but Lola's took it to the extreme. Will I be back? I'm not quite sure. I'm in love with their food - but don't think I can handle another shitty experience.
4	Great food!! I knew when we were in the right spot when we walked in for lunch and the place was packed.  This place is so easy to get to as it is located just off the interstate with a nice big parking lot in the back.  I had the red beans and rice with sausage that just melts in your mouth.  I would definitely stop here again next time I'm in the area.  The only negative is that they don't have a lunch menu, so you order dinner size portions.  We really wanted to try the jambalaya, but weren't up for that much food.
4	Finally.  My "Cajun Quest" is meeting better results.  Located in what used to be the old Holsum Bakery, Lola's was not too far out, and I was definitely more on track to getting (for me) what the flavor should be like.  Yes, I am picky when it comes to my Southern type food.I had a nice lunch here last week.  A small one, but it worked.  I tried their gumbo, and it was good.  I thought it was nice and meaty, but I wanted just a little more flavor.  Overall, I did like it.  I think a shot of Tabasco would have gone a long way, but that's on me.The jambalaya, however, was some seriously good stuff.  THAT got my face a little flushed, and I scarfed that down with gusto.The place itself is respectable.  Nice little patio with some good ol' fashioned jazz playing.  I've heard they do live bands on the weekends, which I will have to check out.  The service was also not.  Very helpful, not pushy, and certainly knew the food.  Being a newcomer, I try to go off of recommendations, and what the waiter suggested suited me just fine.I will certainly try them again, and go for some of the other items on the menu.  I had a light lunch, but it was a very satisfactory meal, and one that I would definitely try again in the future.  A brief, but pleasant experience overall.
4	Kind of hard to find (sketchy area if you pass your turn) but small and quaint.  Delicious food and very friendly staff!
4	Great little place, will definitely be going back.  Wife had the blackened catfish and I had the jambalaya.  Crawpuppy app was great.  Everything was excellent and the service was great.
5	Since I grew up in La, I'll go ahead and consider myself an expert in judging the authenticity of the cuisine. After so many bad experiences with restaurants that serve "real" Cajun food, it is great to find one that really does! Lola's is as real as it gets. I had the bronze catfish and grits, outstanding, and followed it up with a nice warm piece of sweet potato pecan pie, equally good. Prices were right and the service was spot on. I HIGHLY recommend Lola's!
4	Neat little joint near downtown. It has a homey feel that you don't see too much in Vegas. Food is average but definitely worth trying.
4	Solid four stars. The Jambalaya was awesome, and one of the best parts was the chef makes his own hot sauce, and it was fantastic. My wife got a crab Po'Boy and loved it as well. We are looking forward to going back.
4	this place was awesome so much variety in cajun food and the desserts were amazing. simply one of the greatest little restaurants in vegas
4	Lola's is a cute little Cajun restaurant on Charleston just east (west?) of I-15.  I arrived at 7 on a Friday night after an aborted trip to El Sombrero (too crowded).  Fortunately, I arrived about 15-20 minutes before Lola's got slammed, so my appetizer and entree arrived promptly.I ordered the crawpuppies and an Abita beer to start.  The crawpuppies were unusual, but very tasty.  Wish I could say the same about the Abita - marginal at best.  Oh well.I reluctantly ordered the bronzed catfish and grits, only because they are the house specialty.  I'm not a grits fan, but the waitress convinced me I'd like the grits.  And she was right.  The grits were cooked with gouda cheese and were very tasty.  The catfish was cooked perfectly, and the accompanying sauce was wonderful.  Very complex taste, no wonder it's the house specialty.As I mentioned earlier, they pretty much got slammed while I was at Lola's.  From my vantage point, it didn't seem like they handled it all that well.  So you may want to hit Lola's outside of prime dining hours.The food was very good and I would go there again when visiting Vegas.
5	O.M.G.  Listen, the Southerner in me is always looking for a good spot to catch some grits . . . and this place does not disappoint!  I've been here twice - both times got the shrimp and grits - and both times left a happy Southern girl.Absolutely fantastic lunch spot!
4	This place is so wonderful. I love southern/cajun food. I've been here twice and every time I leave I can't wait to come back and try something new. Crawpuppies are divine and I am not a fan of hush puppies at all. The crawfish really adds another dimension of flavor to the traditional dish. Had a cup of gumbo and the only bad part about it was that I didn't order a bowl. Just a hint of spice so you know it's there, but not overwhelming. Perfect on a cold day. My boyfriend has tried their chili dog po' boy. I'd say skip it. The bread is the best part, but a chili dog is a chili dog. I had a platter with a little bit of their seafood choices. It did not disappoint. Catfish is cooked to perfection; it is some flaky moist goodness. The mussels we heavenly. Easily the best thing on my plate. Crab cakes were good, but nothing to write home about. My friend ordered the shrimp & grits and it was creamy goodness. If you've ever wanted to try it or you're already a fan order it. Now on to dessert. I saw bananas foster on the menu and that is what made me drag everyone here with me. (and reasons I have gone back since) Who doesn't love bananas, with buttery, sweet, sugary sauce and vanilla bean ice cream? Probably the same people that enjoy clubbing baby seals. If I was on death row and had to place my order for my last meal bananas foster from Lola's would be part of that order. Only bad thing about this place is the size of the dining area. I imagine it gets packed at peak times, but trust me it's worth it.
5	The yelpers came through again. I chose this place based on the mostly highly-starred yelping. It's a lovely and lively little place with very good food. We hit the tail end of a weekday lunch rush.  I tried the shrimp and grits...scrum! Really moreishly creamy grits and perfectly grilled shrimp with spicy oily sausagy sauce. Just the right size portions, too. Left room for desserts! Hubby had bread pudding and I had sweet potato & pecan pie with chantilly cream. Both divine, but mine took the cake!! Only (very minor) drawback is that I couldn't really take my parents there because they're on low-sodium diets. The food was on the brink of being overly salty (it's not outside the realms of possibility that I am more salt sensitive than the general populace), but the spice balance was otherwise excellent. We will defo go back and are looking forward to trying more of the delectable looking menu choices. It's not a giant menu, but we really had a hard time choosing because everything looked so appealing. Ace place...go see for yourself! :)I'm updating this to 5 stars. I've been back many times since my first visit and can't find fault. A bigger second location would be fab. Hope their success continues! :)
5	Okay, I'm a Yankee, but I've been to New Orleans two dozen times and have a great appreciation for the cuisine.  So when my brother, a Vegas resident, raved about Lola's, I made him take me.  Twice.First visit was a Sunday, and we learned when we arrived that they feature a Saints gameday brunch.  Everything you'd expect from a proper Southern brunch, and we each left approximately five pounds heavier.  (This was also the Sunday that the Browns inexplicably beat the Saints, so we were careful to hide that particular Yankee affiliation.)Second visit was weekday lunchtime.  I had the jambalaya with shrimp, the bro had the shrimp & grits, we split the crawpuppies appetizer, and all were fantastic.The food alone would be reason to return, but part of what makes Lola's work is the service - very Southern in the sense that they treat you like family immediately, right down to the good-natured ribbing.  When Lola talked us into the bread pudding dessert, another server passed by, smiled, and said, "Did you tell them what they're going to order?"  That kind of thing.  The bread pudding is absolutely dynamite, by the way - save room for it, if you can.It's a bit off the beaten path, but certainly worth cab fare from your hotel.  Lola's will be a regular stop for me every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Sure, there's plenty of great food on and near the Strip, but sometimes it's good to get away from the casinos and check out the rest of Sin City.  And Lola's is a good excuse to do so.Had the catfish and grits for brunch.  The grits were cheesy perfection, flavorful and creamy.  The catfish was seasoned well, a nice balance of salty, spicy, and smoky.  The fish itself, however, betrayed LV's location in the middle of the desert.  It hadn't gone bad, but it clearly wasn't fresh from the river bottom. I guess I should have expected as much.Friend had the etouffee.  Reported that it was tasty, but not the best of his life.The service was prompt and friendly.  Decor was a curious mix of sports bar meets family dining.  Unassuming, you could call it.Overall, a nice little restaurant for when you want a moment of calm to collect yourself before throwing more good money after bad.
5	The best food off the strip, nobody wants to pay $15 for a burger anyways.  We ordered the crawpuppies which were fabulous and I ordered the shrimp and grits and since I have eaten shrimp and grits at the birthplace in Charleston these definitely stand up to them.  My husband ordered a cup of gumbo and a fried shrimp po boy dressed.  This place is definitely worth getting off the strip and trying and also the service was amazing our waiter was amazing and so friendly which is another reason to get off the strip.  Also if you happen to be from the south, which my husband is and you miss your sweet tea I highly recommend their's it's perfectly sweet. Their prices are amazing as well.
1	The first couple of times I ate at this place it was outrageously good and reasonably priced. I had a friend visit me from out of town and I could not wait to take her to this place. She finally relented just to shut up my bragging !!. When I went here I didn't recognize any of the staff. Uh oh...this is a bad sign!!! It's the "little things" that let you know about the "bad things". And when I got my food (a platter and Jambalaya and Gumbo 2 different salads), my worst fears were realized. Salads had way too much dressing. The rue tasted like tomato paste. Jambalaya was dry. The size of the shrimp was still on point and they were good. The catfish was overcooked and tasteless. The meal was probably a 2 low three star in actuality. But I give it a one star because I was immensely disappointed given what this place used to be like, plus after getting my friends appetite to a "schizophrenic" level and to be let down like this,  this place gets a one star. I hate when restaurants start out so well and (in my opinion), get greedy and start to cut corners. Oh well, another used to be good restaurant bites the dust!!
4	I ate lunch at Lola's on Friday before hitting the Charleston Antique Mall.  I had an Abita beer, the Shrimp and Grits and Bread Pudding for dessert.  I really liked the food and internal ambiance.  I think they could dress up the outside entrance and store outside tables until they open the patio again in spring/summer.
4	Yes Yes Yes!!! Finally a place I can say I had some authentic Cajun food in this town. My family is from Louisiana and so I still frequent the Big Easy a lot. I've been looking for some real Cajun food in Las Vegas for a while. I've tried some imitators in the Spring Mountain area but they have their own Asian take on Cajun. Lola's however is the real deal. My party and I split some red beans and rice, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee and I have to say it was superb!!.. Granted I'm sure I've had some better dishes in the French Quarter, but I think thats mainly a subjective opinion. I felt like I was back at home here. It's a small casual place with some hints of the "Who Dat" Saints, Mardi Gras beads and they were also playing zydeco music. I was going to take pictures and remembered only after I had cleaned every plate clean. Needless to say, I am VERY happy to finally have found my Cajun spot in Vegas.  Prices were fair as well! If you like Cajun, get your derriere down to Lolas and laissez les bon temps rouler!
5	I was in Vegas with my family for my brother's 21st birthday. He was really feeling seafood, and we were already off the strip, so Urbanspoon lead me to Lola's . . . and EVERYONE loved it! I've only been to New Orleans once, but felt confident in recommending the barbecue shrimp and the shrimp and grits. Everything we got was incredible - apps, beers, meals and desserts. Our server was incredibly nice and offered some great advice. I live close enough to Vegas that I go a few times a year - this will be added to my "must go back every time" list!Thanks for an awesome meal and experience!!
1	I always give all the stars.  This one is not going to happen.  I'm not a critic, I'm just a hungry lady.  This place is an abortion of Cajun Cuisine.My guy & I stopped in after antiquing nearby.  We were ravenous & we adore Cajun food.  I was so excited to have a place in town to get nourished with my favorites.We were seated & served some drinks after a spell.  There was only one poor waitress from AK there & she had 5 tables.  She came to take our order..........then we waited.......turned another decade older, then our food came.I'm from Tenn & have lived in LA.  This chow wasn't fit for a POW.  My gumbo had formed a hard shell on the top.  So I asked the waitress if it comes from the oven.  She explained that it came from a pot.... (no kidding)  So my inner "Colombo" deduces that it sat under a heat lamp.  If you buy the gumbo & select shrimp, you get 3 of them.   Oh Boy, for $11-$12.99 you can get 3 shrimp on top of a heat lamp-ed dish of gumbo, Id rather stay home & eat zatarains.Plus I found a nice big piece of bacon in my gumbo.  Now if they use that to make a roux, that's forgivable, but even then its to be crumbled.Worst restaurant in Vegas.
4	Was waiting to meet Rick of American Restoration and was looking for some where to kill some time.  So we stopped in since it was near by and was pleasantly surprised. We had the crab dip, catfish, and shrimp & grits. All 3 were very good the only complaint I had was that the shrimp and grits was pretty small for the price. Overall was very good.
5	Lola's - best Louisiana style food I've had. Even when I've been to Louisiana. I love to get crab cakes anywhere I go, and this place has some of the best I've ever had. They were large, crispy and cooked just perfect in the inside. I can't even begin to tell you enough of how much I adore crab cakes. I just can't. My head might explode. I also had the Shrimp Caesar salad and had the shrimp blackened. Amazing. The Caesar dressing was so thick and creamy, but not too rich. Shrimp and Grits. Let me tell you, I have never been a fan of grits, but I made an exception, and I was patting myself on the back for doing so. Very creamy, nice and garlicky and the shrimp were huge! ( Had them blackened as well. ) Also, they have Abita beers. Purple Haze is a great one that's light and tasty.The service was very quick and friendly and I will go there as much as humanly possible for my splurging days.
5	Went here for dinner on January 14th, the day the Saints lost to the 49ers in the NFL playoffs. Lola and her staff were in mourning, but it didn't affect the quality of the food and service. A great experience. Moderate prices and great food. The etoufee is pure New Orleans and they offer a combo Shrimp and Crawfish if you can't decide. Bread Pudding is outstaning as well. Worth a visit anytime you are in Las Vegas. Don't let the address fool you.
5	Too bad this place was on Diners Drive Ins and Dives because now EVERYONE will know about this place!  No longer Vegas' little secret. lol. Anyway, I recently met my friend for lunch at this tiny little place.  Funny, because I've driven by it a hundred times and always thought it was an italian joint.  I had yet to find a great cajun place like my beloved Dodie's in Dallas, but this place is FANTASTIC!!  I had the blackened shrimp poboy (I was a little hungover so my tummy needed bread) with sweet potato fries (do people still order regular fries?).  The food was delish!  My buddy had the Roast Beef Debris.  He says he keeps telling himself to try something new every time he walks into this place, but yeah, that hasn't worked.  Next time, I'm getting the crawfish and definitely trying the bread pudding or sweet potato pecan pie.  Well, I'll keep telling myself that.  Once I find a great poboy, I am hooked!!  Lola's is a MUST.  Especially if you love that dirty south spicy cookin!!
4	I have been here a few times. The food is always good but the portions are a little small. I really like the jambalaya but the best is the CRAWFISH!!!! I would go back just for the crawfish, they are much less oily and more flavorful than Hot-and-Juicy's.I do wish that they had beer on tap, but oh well, bottled beer is better than no beer!
5	Yep!!! Lola got it right babyyyyy. She knows what's up!! C'est Bon!!!!! 5 lbs. of boiled crawfish for hubby and 3 lbs. for me:) Seasoned and boiled perfectly and so juicy! Corn and red potatoes! Yeah!! I ordered the bread pudding with praline sauce to go and warmed it up when we got home. VERY good, cher!! Friendly service, great atmosphere! 2 thumbs up! Can't wait to try EVERYTHING on her menu. Can u tell I'm homesick!! LOL! Lola's made me happy! :D
5	It's really something when I have to go to Vegas to get some cajun fare when I was just in "Nawlins" last year.  I have to say, Lola's trumped several of the popular restaurants in NO.  Lola's has been on my food list for a couple years and last week, we made it.  On Fat Tuesday.  I didn't realize it was Fat Tuesday until I stepped onto the casino floor and saw all the festivities.  Lola's is small, but I like the genuine southern-look.  Lola, herself, was passing out beads and welcoming people in.  Obviously she has a local following because she knew most of the room by name.  Later, we see her in the kitchen working as if she was a line cook.  I love that about owners.  You get right in there with your staff and get those dishes out.  Not like the "celeb" chefs who only lend their name to a restaurant and you get dishes that taste like crap, but you've paid for the name on the door.We ordered:Crawpuppies with Spicy Aioli-type sauce:  These are hushpuppies with crawfish ground into the mix.  A delight!Fried catfish with sweet potato fries and slaw.  The fish was golden and fried to perfection.Fried oysters with rice and greens:  I am leery when ordering greens as everyone does them differently.  Lola's greens were collards and they were done wonderfully with bits of hamhock or bacon.  With a dash of tabasco, I was hooked.  The oysters were so succulent, not over-fried.  Thanks Lola!  By the time we left, there was a line out the door.  So glad we got in at just the right time.
3	I had been dying to try Lola's and my friend's birthday was the perfect opportunity! Since there were 4 of us, we decided to go all-out and try a ton of menu items. We made a reservation for Saturday night and were greeted by Lola, herself, at the door. The place is tiny, cozy, and adorable; a true hole in the wall. Here is the low-down on the meal:Crab cake - I am VERY picky about my crab cakes and these were delicious! Lots of crab and not a lot of filler. A beautiful sear on both sides and the lemon aioli was fantastic. The crab cakes were second only to my own.Craw-puppies - hush-puppies with Crawfish mixed in the batter, very inventive! These were crispy and delicious, but maybe a touch too soft/undercooked in the middle.Gumbo - The gumbo looked good and started off great on my palate, but lacked seasoning, mainly salt, and spice.Catfish and grits - OMG the cheesy grits were unbelievable, I literally did not want to eat the last bite. The catfish was cooked perfectly, but not exactly what I expected. They even gave me some crispy bread to soak everything up. My dining companions had Po-boys and raved about the bread. I was able to steal some french fries and was so glad I did, they were fantastic. My husband had the trout, it wasn't bad but it was a little on the fishy side for me. Sweet Potato Pecan Pie - I wish there was more sweet potato and less pecan, but paired with the chantilly cream it was delicious and I found myself constantly going back for just one more bite.Lola's Famous Bread Pudding - I am not a fan of bread pudding, but my friends forced me to take a bite and it really wasn't bad.Banana's Foster - The highlight of dessert, we were literally watching each spoonful and silently hating each other for having good taste! It was the best banana's foster I have ever had. A delicious sweet brown sugar coating with the warm bananas and cold vanilla ice cream...yes please!Overall, Lola's is a great Cajun alternative to the real deal. There were definitely some high points to the meal, but there were a few mediocre points as well. I wish they had live jazz, that would really create some true NOLA ambiance. I will definitely be back to check out more of the menu and I am so glad we have a great Cajun restaurant in Las Vegas!
3	My friends and I heard many wonderful things about this place and a friend's birthday was coming up, so we thought it would be a great idea to visit this restaurant on Saturday, March 3rd.  Let me start by saying that the location could be better.  It's on a very weird intersection on Charleston and in the middle of an awkward strip mall-ish building.  I didn't really get it.  Also, thank goodness we made reservations...there were two tables in the entire restaurant (I'm being fecitious).  All in all, the place offers a very cozy, intimate and homely setting.  We were even greeted by Lola Beth herself.  What a treat!  I must add though that it was hard to say that she was completely welcoming.  Our first impression was that she was a nice lady, however, when talking with her at our table later in the evening, her facial expressions really wasn't as welcoming as we thought.We decided to order a bunch of items on the menu so that we could put the accolades to the test.  Here's what I tasted:Crab Cakes- Loved these cakes.  A lot of lump crab meat and not a lot of filler.  The way a crab cake should be.  I loved fact that it sat on a bed of greens and was accompanied with a lemon aioli.  Fantastic combination.  My only criticism is that it was about 6 dollars and included only one cake.  For four people, we ended up getting two orders.  I little pricy in my opinion, but I would pay for that again.Craw Puppies- To me, I didn't think this appetizer was memorable.  Not something I would choose to order again.  I'm a huge fan of crawfish, but not a fan of hush puppies, so the combination of the two did work for me.  The remoulade did help bring the dish together in the end.Catfish Po Boy-  I thought this was an excellent choice.  For dinner, I wasn't looking to eat or spend a lot.  Great choice.  For about 11 dollars, I enjoyed a great sandwich.  The bread was grilled nicely.  It wasn't hard or soft where it would become soggy with the lettuce, tomatoes and mayo.  It was perfect.  What sealed the dish for me was the side of fries I had.  Super crispy and super homeade, which made it that much more better.Sweet Potato Pecan Pie- We did decide to add chantilly cream and that was what made this dessert good. I'm not a fan of pecans. Because of that, I didn't really find myself going back for more.  My hope was that the chantilly cream would help mask the taste of the pecans, but unfortunately, it did not.Lola's Famous Bread Pudding- Now with bread pudding, I am a HUGE fan. This dessert did NOT disappoint.  SOOOO delicious.  I found myself fighting for the last bit of bread pudding with my friends.  The run praline sauce was superb and although it wasn't offered on the menu, our server was nice enough to suggest also adding the chantilly cream on this dessert.  Such a fantastic combination!Bananas Foster- Although I didn't admit this to my friends at the time, I had never tried bananas foster before.  This was an "AH-MAZE-ING" first experience.  C'mon!  Brown sugar coated bananas with vanilla bean ice cream.  How could you go wrong!  Each spoonful presented a new pleasant feeling that just ended the evening with a positive experience.  What a great dessert!All in all, I'd say I had a great time.  I was accompanied with three wonderful friends and discovered a "dive-type" restaurant that offered, for the most part, wonderful Cajun Connections, as their website states.  Being a fan of southern cooking, I will not be opposed returning to try other menu items and of course, Lola's famous bread pudding!
5	It's my first trip to Lola's and surely won't be my last.  If the shrimp po' boy is any indication of the rest of the menu, this place will be soon a fave of mine.  The shrimp were about the size of prawns lightly battered set on a bed of shredded lettuce tomato and tartar sauce. Simple but it just tasted really good and fresh.  This will be a spot to watch some football thus season. I might convert to being a Saints fan, who dat!  Nah, hell no Go Niners!!! WE DAT!!!
3	I was really excited to go here after hearing so many things about it.  I guess because I had such high expectations, I was a little under impressed.  The food we got was good, just not amazing.  They were out of crawfish, so I will definitely go back to try those.  I had the etifoue and my husband had a shrimp and oyster po-boy.  I will say that their bread that comes with the entrees is amazing.  We had a boiled shrimp appetizer and it just didn't have any flavor at all.
5	If this is what Cajun is all about, sign me up! Craw puppies and a Catfish Po-Boy with coleslaw were my delectable dishes and OHMYGODIWANTMORENOW. Sorry. Nola's is enough of a reason to want to come to Vegas. Extremely flavorful, crispy, and delicious all around. I don't know what the problem is with the haters. Don't like the service? Get take out, people. It's not rocket science. The place is seriously jumpin' on a Friday night and the live jive/blues music just makes the experience complete.
4	The small bistro ambience, and deep green plaster walls give you a big easy Bayou feel that is hard to find in our valley filled with oversized eateries. The Nola-flown crawfish and french bread add to the authenticity.  Delicious shrimp and grits and Etouffee, although entree portions run a bit small by true southern standards. Saves you room for the pecan sweet potato pie with Chantilly cream, a second-line parade all its own.
1	Lola's Cajun food restaurant in Las Vegas did not give the experience I so hoped the first and second time I ate there.  I believe in second chances so I wrote off the first unpleasant experience because I really wanted to like this place.  After the last experience I had there I will not be visiting it again even though it is a few blocks from my home.  My boyfriend and i arrived and were handed menus by the hostess who said, " there is only two tables outside I trust you can find it."  This is not a seat yourself kind of place but we were happy to oblige.  My boyfriend ordered the shrimp po-boy and I ordered the beans and rice.  After about 30 min. we were still patiently waiting for our food, after 45 we asked to get it to go because we could no longer wait.  As if by happenstance our food came out within the next min. we were given to-go boxes at the same time that way if we wanted to take a few bites before packing it up we could.  IT WAS COLD!  The sweet potatoes were cold the rice was cold... everything was cold... I did not receive the bread nor the coleslaw it was supposed to come with either.  I went to the hostess to inform her of the situation.  She offered to put it in the microwave for us to heat it up, other than that there was nothing else she could do but get Lola.  However they just had a very large to go order and Lola was working on the line.  ( I am sorry I wish they would have told me in advance that they would not be able to accommodate my order because they had a very large order to take care of.)  I went back to the table and sat.  Our bill was promptly brought to us and then my boyfriend questioned the quality of the food with the time waited to the waitress.  She offered to get Lola but other than that there was nothing else she could do... we paid and waited some more.  She still did not come.  Finally on our last effort at realizing we just wasted $25 on food that was not fresh we went back to the door and requested Lola; just to be told that Lola was busy and could not come out. I am very disappointed in my experience at this place.  I love to support local businesses especially in the downtown neighborhood, however this place will not be one of them.  Maybe I am used to Vegas hospitality, so this "southern hospitality" is nothing in comparison.   Lola's southern food in las vegas is not cheap and not good.
5	Damn, I love this place! Once again, go in with an open mind to try something else on Lola's delicious menu.  I'm a complete and utter failure!  Blackened shrimp po boy again.  I also had a few bites of the sweet potato pecan pie with cream this time. Ummm, yeah, the entire meal was melt in your mouth, get you excited, break a sweat, hot all over, eyes rolling back, YUMMY!! Almost better than sex. Mmmmm! Get some...
5	Not sure I understand some of the low ratings - this is a terrific little restaurant.  I get to Las Vegas 3-4 times a year and its a regular stop: in part because the food is reliably good, and in part because the staff and owner are so damn nice.  I'm a sucker for a Po Boy...and Lola's had me at the bread: spot on what you'd expect in the best sandwich joint in New Orleans.Lola's passion for her work and for her people is clear - I spent some time chatting with them today at lunch & was really impressed by the fact that they love what they do.  Sorry Tierney and anyone else who says they had a bad experience at Lola's - with respect, I disagree.  I'll go to Lola's over any of the overpriced celebrity-joints on the Strip anytime.
4	Shrimp N Grits as good as the first time.Abita Amber is a nice beer.Sweet Potato Pie with Pecans was tasty.
4	A great authentic American Cuisine.  I have to say , I am not a huge purveyor of Southern cooking, however, after reading yelper Michelle W review of the place, figured we had to give it a shot.  Had clients in town from Italy and France and one of my colleagues wanted to try Rhythm Kitchen and so I suggested Lola's.1.  Quaint - When you are traipsing around the Charleston area, me thinks the last thing you are going to think about is quaint, cute, cool.  This place is all that and has character. Small, few tables, small bar, and it has just enough of whatever it is to make it just right.2.  Service - Dominic was there when we entered waiting for our guests. Very nice, knowledgeable, gave us the scoop on the wine he preferred and also on the food.  They set up our table nicely and when we had to add one more, they were very accommodating. We had a party of 9 in here and they took care of us.  I think the place serves 20-25 total?3.  Food - I was looking to give our out of towners a unique experience to try something uniquely American.  So this is the place we chose.  Crab Cakes and Craw Puppies - The crab cakes were very substantial, flaky, moist and tender. I enjoyed it.  It was one per order, however, as they are decent size, we asked for each to be cut in two pieces and we ordered enough to share. Ordered craw puppies for the table, never having this before.  Deep fried seafood is the best I can describe this.  Not greasy and bite size tasty bits of seafood. Nice.  Each is the size of a small meatball, 5 per order, so we split two orders.  Jambalaya - to me, the right blend of spice, rice, seafood. I also ordered the shrimp as an addition and it was just right. Juicy and hits the spot.Salmon and Sweet potato fries - I think this was the only let down.  The fries had such great flavor yet the salmon was very dry  Dry fish is not too bueno, so this was  of a downer.Gumbo -Seafood soup like bouillabaisse or cioppino.  I did not have it but one of our friends did. It looked really, really good.Etoufee - I thought this was something a bald buy wore as he got older?  Perhaps I will need one soon.  Naw, this is a dish similar to the gumbo, just that it is thicker and more like a stew. Whereas the gumbo has seafood, this one here has either shrimp or something else, was the choice, but it was not  mixed like the gumbo.  Now I did not order this, but man did my friend enjoy it. Very nice.Sweet Potato Pecan Pie a la mode with ice cream - YOu have to come for the desserts.  This is what the wifey and I ordered, and it was really great. I am going to go back for their Banana Foster Bread Pudding.  Don't be shy, order the dessert!!!GK says, check this place out for sure! I enjoyed it as a unique dining place. Not sure if it is a frequent place for me yet, however, I am going back for other desserts, so I will let you all know.
5	Had a long day got lazy and didn't feel like making anything called up Lola's for an oyster po boy.  Killer oysters great tarter actually had to take a couple oysters off because I couldn't get them in the crispy bread.  Now Im thinking of going back because Im still thinking of the sandwich the next morning.
5	I just have to say right away OMG!OMG! OMG!Ok now in full disclosure I love Cajun and Louisiana style food. As far as the food goes it is some of the best Cajun Ive had in a long timeWe had the combo platter and it was mostly fried but lightly battered. The crab cake had great flavor and wasn't full of filler. The shrimp was great and you could tell they were fresh and never frozen. The collard greens werent great but acceptable. My GF said they weren't real collard greens and she wished she could find at least one place that served them right. (Any ideas let me know please)I had the Blackened shrimp pasta. It was wonderful. I wish I had asked before ordering as I would have loved a piece of their catfish blackened like that and they do serve it like that so if you want blackened catfish I would give it a try.The crawfish balls were good but had a little tangy flavor I couldnt place. I would try them again.The decor is typical New Orleans style and it is small and almost cramped inside. I guess they call it intimate but I dont like having to listen to the conversations of those around you. The staff is very knowledgeable I ended up talking to our server after our meal and their lunch rush had left. She said you lucked out by being seated so quick. You should always call and make a reservation as they dont have ample seating.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	Okay, so I'm normally not in this area often, but talk about a tucked away GEM of a Resturant!!! Granted they have only been opened since 09, but I have to say ... I'm making this place the spot to get my Cajun on!!! I had the catfish platter and the New Orleans brewed beer and it was "all" very tasty!!! :)
1	Just so everyone knows...I had high expectations for this place due to all of the reviews. I was so EXCITED to go to this place after I looked at the menu it was RIDICULOUS. From the beginning to end it was bad1.When we walked in on a Wednesday as soon as they opened there were two people on the patio and two people inside. It was a great day outside and we thought to sit outside first but our waitress WHISKED us inside so quickly we didn't get a second to make up our mind.We sat down to figure out that their air conditioning was on ARCTIC so I told her if we could go outside. SHE LITERALLY ROLLED HER EYES...and said "IT'S A LITTLE WINDY, BUT IF YOU LIKE THAT THEN.." ummm ma'am take us outside please!2.This was our first time there and my bf was having trouble deciding so we took a little longer to order. Her coming EVERY 5 seconds didn't help. If I were her, I would've maybe suggested an item on the menu or even ask if she could help in any way..NOPE.3.I ordered the crawfish hush puppies to start and jambalaya with added shrimp. My bf ordered the fried shrimp with the fried oyster, and crab cake. He asked for gritz and greens on the side. The crawfish puppies were interesting.I don't eat crawfish much so I'm not exactly sure how they supposed to taste so I'll just describe what it tasted like.Tart.The jambalaya came and LOOKED very promising.That jambalaya HURT MY FEELINGS. It was the mushiest, no flavor having jambalaya I have EVER TASTED. This jambalaya was the WORST ever. It taste like tomato and mushy rice. The chicken was very small and the shrimp just had no taste to it. My bf's food was COOKED perfectly.His fish was crunchy on the outside, flaky on the inside. He took his first bite and said "It needs A LOT of hot sauce" I tasted that fish and AGAIN no flavor! I mean..NONE I was soooooooo confused because Cajun food usually has SO MUCH FLAVOR..He used half their bottle of hot sauce to give that fish flavor.He taste the grits and actually sent them back because they were so bad. Just so you know my bf isn't the type to send food back. He rather just pour a lot of salt and pepper on it and "make it work" Needless to say, after that HORRIBLE meal and the $70 bill we were done.On the car ride home, I was sad. I kept saying 'I could've made some Zatarains jambalaya that was better than that"!!*After I came out of my depression a couple of days later, I went to the OYSTER BAR in the PALACE STATION and ordered the jambalaya and my bf ordered the gumbo. I PROMISE you the HEAVENS SANG! I felt like I was born again. That jambalaya was the ABSOLUTE BEST JAMBALAYA ever. My bf became extremely quiet when we were eating and when I looked up...I SWEAR TO BABY JESUS he was chewing with his eyes closed nodding his head in pleasure! If you want some cajun food..GO THERE!
4	2nd time for crawfish, AWSUM! They are getting bigger and tastier. The perfect spice level, the lips get numb and the tung burns till you reach the  perfect apex! More important the service is exceptional every time. What's more important is being a repeat customer they remember us! Absolutely love the place!
5	I found out about Lola's from a friend at work.  She said it was a must do.  We finally got around to making a reservatoin (recommended) and we tried it on a sunday afternoon.  HOLY MOLY!!.  My family is from New Orleans.  My mother cooked some of the best creole food ever.  Notice, I said Creole, NOT cajun.  There is a difference between the two.  Cajun food tends to be HOT and spicy.  Creole food is just seasoned to perfection and does not burn your mouth.  It just gives you a really nice feeling and it is hard to quit eating it is so delicious.  Lola's has this down.  The Gumbo is tasty, seasoned well, not overseasoned and not spicy hot.  Just right.  I had a fried oyster poboy, we called it an oyster loaf in NO.  It was fabulous.  It really helps that they ship their french bread in from NOLA.  You just can't get french bread like that anywhere else.  I only wish they had a "seafood gumbo" with crab and shrimp.  That would be really good.  I will definetly be back again.  Remember, if you are looking for Cajun food, this is not the place, but if want Creole, get to Lola's.  Also, Have desert!  The bread pudding is amazing.  We shared it.  Next time I might get my own.  Will definitely go back and have told all my friends about it too.  Remember. of you are looking for HOT and SPICY cajun food, go somewhere else.  Go to Lola's for a fine Creole dining experience that you will never forget.
5	I've never understood the saying "life is short eat dessert first." I'm not a dessert girl. I look forward to savory dishes and bourbon-based cocktails. But Lola's bananas foster bread pudding is one of those desserts I would publicly humiliate myself for. So let's start with dessert and backtrack.I'm not a fan of bread pudding-I guess I've just never had a good one. Lola's was a game changer. Game. Changer. It was rich without being heavy with a distinct banana flavor that wasn't overpowering. Why wasn't banana the main player in a dessert with the word "banana" in the title? Oh because it was swimming in the most delightful brown sugar/butter sauce concoction that you've ever had. The first taste was one of those I-can't-believe-I'm-going-to-cry-in-a-restaurant moments. THAT good. The bread pudding was topped with a quality vanilla bean ice cream that just melted into the bread pudding in the most satisfying way. Best dessert in town- I really dare you to find something better.This was our second visit to Lola's and unlike our first visit, we had reservations (which I recommend). The restaurant is tiny with a nice sized patio which can of course only be utilized when the sidewalk isn't smoking from the summer (see March-November) heat. The staff is friendly and passionate about the food. They don't just give recommendations, they tell you what they like and why they like it.The house salad is incredible! Romaine, candied pecans, mandarin oranges and a tangy-sweet vinaigrette all topped with a sprinkle of pepper and cayenne pepper-I did not know salad could taste like that. It can be ordered with chicken, salmon or shrimp, I believe, which would make for a good lunch or dinner salad, but it's a five star salad without the protein. I had etouffe on my first visit which is basically a gravy/stew with seafood. I'd never had it before, so have nothing to compare it to, but if you like the sting of spice, go for the etouffe. The heat didn't detract from the deep concentrated flavors and they didn't skimp on the shrimp! Second time around I ordered the shrimp and grits and I'll never look at grits the same again. It was more like a custard than grits and they used gruyere cheese-FLAVOR TOWN! Again, no skimping on the shrimp here and they were a good size and perfectly cooked. The portions here are proportionate with price because you're not getting some chain restaurant slop cooked by someone who knows nothing about the cuisine.  When food is made with love, it doesn't need to  be served in offensively large portions.Like I said, reservations are a must. This is a solid local's spot with a lot of regulars and it fills up quick. Our waiter on our first visit said that the lunch time traffic is always heavy as they get a lot of people from the downtown area so reserve, reserve, reserve! Lola's serves up down home favorites (and a KILLER salad) in a cozy setting. Go there enough times and you'll start to feel like you're dining at a friend's house, which is the best kind of dining experience right?
2	I've driven by this place, countless times that Ive been in Vegas, and only recently had the chance to experience it. Before I go in on this place I gotta say I'm a fan of Cajun food and lived in New Orleans for a while, so I'm hard to please.Negatives1. this place only has a beer and wine bar. There's something wrong when I can't get a hurricane with my crab cakes!2. it closes at 10pm in a city that never sleeps. 3. Food was nothing to rave about.4. For sure, pass on hot wingsIn fairness, I want to expand on 3. We had the crab cakes, hot wings, jambalaya, catfish Po Boy, and red beans and rice. Everything was very fresh, so that's a plus. There was a hint of what I remember to be Cajun food but overall, it tasted like something i would expect at a chain restaurant. The bright light in this place is certainly the staff. They all acted like they loved their jobs and more importantly the restaurant and it showed. I probably won't come back, but if you've never been to Louisiana or had authentic home-cooked cajun, you won't be disappointed.
4	YUM! YUM! YUM!I tried the combo plate with cheesy grits and green beans, plus crab puppies. ALL DELISH! I will go again and recommend!
4	Soft shell crab sandwich was awesome, along with their crawfish hush puppies. Tried their baked oysters too. Would come back to try the other seafood poboy sandwiches!
4	Almost a five star experience. This was my 3rd visit here,  but first time for dinner. Heads up make a reservation for dinner. Lola's will be featured on Diners, drive ins, and dives (ddd) on June 11th on FoodTV. The particular dish featured on the show will be the Roast Beef Debris po-boy. I took my parents here for dinner. My dad ordered the Roast beef debris. My mom ordered the Shrimp Etouffee and I ordered the Shrimp and Gouda grits. With out getting into too many details my dish and the shrimp etouffee that my mom ordered were easily 5 out 5 star dishes. The Roast beef debris po-boy was a 4 out of 5 star dish. Did not seem like the dish I would feature on DDD. Still a really good sandwich though. The only disappointing thing I had was the sweet tea. It didn't taste like the good sweet tea I've had in the south. It might have been old though. No big deal really,  just had a beer instead. More appropriate anyways. Dinner was great!  Service 5 out of 5 stars! The dessert was next. And this is where I was floored!  Ordered the banana pudding and the bread pudding. They also had a combination banana fosters bread pudding,  but I'll save that for next time. Anyways, the 2 puddings were spot on!  I'd put them both up against some of the best puddings I've ever had in Alabama,  Florida or Louisiana! These 2 desserts I'm praying are going to be featured on DDD.Side note. Last time I was here for lunch I had the soft shell crab po-boy. I would give it a 4.5 out of 5 stars. The french bread they use for their po-boys is amazing.Lola's is on my top 5 places to take people to eat in all of Las Vegas now. And that's saying a lot!
4	Yum! Always come here and order the gumbo and crab cake!Today I decided on the Roast Beef Debris, for one.. its profiled on DDD this month.. its a bit different from all of the Gulf seafood offerings. It was tasty but the gravy on top appeared to be like gravy in a jar. I have never tasted it, but that's what it sure looked like.. gelatin like. Sweet potato fries were great! I was here the week before and loved the gumbo as usual and the peel and eat shrimp. It would be nice if they were deveined, did it myself. Have never been disappointed with anything on the menu!
2	I don't write reviews on this but I felt it necessary to write one for Lola's. Now let me start with the positives its right down the street from my office so its convenient, and that's about it. I ordered a crab cake for an appetizer which was mediocre to somewhat good at best and it was $7.00 for one! Then for lunch I ordered the shrimp creole which was absolutely nothing special although the shrimp were cooked absolutely perfectly.  The shrimp creole was $16.99 and only came with 5 shrimp!!! Seriously I'm only getting 5 shrimp for 17 dollars you have got to be kidding me! I wouldn't have minded if the dish was mind blowing or if it was something that I had absolutely zero chance of replicating at home but that just simply isn't true. I could make this dish at home with ease! So if I were you I would find another creole place for much better value. I'm still confused how this is the best in Las Vegas
1	I don't usually write reviews, but I went there for lunch today.  It was the second time I have eaten at Lola's.  The food is okay, but nothing rave about and the prices are so so.  We arrived at 11 am as they opened so the place was empty.  I'm a quick eater, as were the other two I was with, so we finished quickly.  We finished our meals, and we didn't get a refill on our drinks.  It didn't take long to understand why they didn't give us refills on our drink.  The place had filled up in 40 minutes.  It wasn't long before someone (I presume it must have been Lola, but not sure since this person didn't identify herself to us) approached us and asked us if we wanted a refill.  I told her I didn't, but one of my coworkers said they would like half a glass.  We were told there were others waiting outside for a table, so we got the message that we weren't welcome anymore.  My coworker told her never mind, and then she offered a to go cup.  We weren't "hogging" a table, but were made to feel that we weren't welcome.  Needless to say this is the last time we will eat at Lola's because their management does not respect their customers.  I have never been made to feel so  unwelcomed in a restaurant as I was made to feel at Lola's.  Just say no to this place.  Too expensive for what you get and they don't appreciate their customers.
4	Had some wine and shrimp to start.  Thought the feel was very french quarter.  It is small and had a few guys just hanging out and drinking beers together.  But there aren't many tables so I could see if it starts getting busy it would be hard to handle that.  The gumbo was great!  It wasn't mush or bland.  Of course I put tons of hot sauce on it but I really enjoyed it.  I never get dessert but the waiter encourage me to and boy was it delish.  My favorite part of the restaurant was the service. The waiters were so attentive and friendly.  We ended up talking to our server for probably 15 minutes.  I will definitely go back if I'm in the  mood for some cajun.
5	You can't find a better place to eat in Las Vegas - PERIOD. We saw this place featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives so I wanted to check it out. The Gumbo is amazing. The Red Beans & Rice was delicious and served with a bowl of cole slaw. I normally pick at cole slaw since I mostly regard it as a garnish, but at Lola's you will eat it all. The bread was so good we thought it must have been baked locally, but we were told it is flown in from New Orleans. The Catfish and Grits is incredible. I didn't know grits could taste so good. The Bananas Foster / Bread Pudding may put you into diabetic shock - but at least you won't care. The bread pudding is very dense, almost like a fruit cake and topped with a  caramelized brown sugar & buttery topping.
4	The grilled chicken po boy was very tasty!  From the bread to how the chicken was seasoned.  I also tried the catfish with grits and it was amazing.  Not a fan of grits so my opinion on it would be very bias.  Next time I want to try the catfish po boy.
2	Visited Lola's for the first time yesterday and I was less than thrilled.Let's start with the parking is undersized and crowded, the restaurant packs you in as well with very small 2 top seating with people constantly bumping you and the wait staff is less than efficient.Beyond that our food took longer than expected due to our waiter as a table across from us received their food at about the same time as us. They sat down 10 minutes after we ordered.I tried the Jambalaya, which the rice was cold and the seasoning was not quite as good as Zatarains. My wife had a dish where the grits were tasty but also cold.I cannot say I will try this again as there were so many things wrong with this restaurant.
2	lolas was just ok...luckily I have a two-try rule.  It was my first time at this establishment.  and overall it was just OK.  I decided to treat my mom to lunch and when we walked in it was about 85 degrees in the dining room. Why you ask, the front door was perched open.  Why you ask, i have no idea...we are in the desert the last time i checked. Anywho, i ordered gumbo & a catfish poboy. Both were delish. My mom ordered the red beans & rice...she enjoyed her choice. For me a good dining experience usually means good food & good service. the food was good the service was just ok. no smiling faces when seated, no smiling face from our waiter.  Actually the only time the waiter smiled was when he asked to clear the table and I said yes. I am eager to give Lola's one more try! Next time i will bring a fan.FOODIEDIVA.com
5	I was so upset when my hubby brought me to this restaurant because i dislike Cajun food....i refused to eat it.  Up until coming into Lola's....This place is like heaven in your mouth.  I was literally blown away and I will def come back for "craw-fish season"!!!!
1	My husband and I had lunch at Lolas on 6/20th and were pretty disappointed. At first we were seated asked for our drink orders and shortly after we ordered our food but that is where the service ended. As we watched around us tables were getting bread it seemed at random and although we ordered entrees didn't see a crumb. It took 30 minutes for us to get our food and when we did it was cold. Not just the top of the food but all the way through like it had been sitting in a pot out back and they just slopped it on a plate. My husband had the Jambalya and it was cold all the way through, only the shrimp on top were hot. He said it had no flavor at all. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it too was cold like mushy paste with some hot shrimp on top. I liked the flavor but it was more like left overs I just got out of the fridge from the day before. My guess is they plated the rice and grits and forgot about it then 30 minutes later realized they didn't add the shrimp, topped it off and the waiter dumped it off on our table. If we were not on our way to a conference and hungry as all get out we would have complained and refused it. What made it worse is, no one came back to refill our drinks which were down to the ice the entire meal, the waiter just dropped off the food and walked off and we didn't see anyone again until we were done and ready to pay our check. It's a real shame because I had high hopes for this place. We love small mom & pop restaurants and this one unfortunately unless they shape up, train their staff and check their food quality before it leaves the kitchen will be seeing the doors close sooner than later.
2	We went their for lunch today (6/25/12) about 11:35am. The place is small and it packed. The waitress was quick to ask us what we wanted to drink, but after that it took her a long time to come back and take our food order. I ordered the Gumbo, my husband ordered the Catfish and Grits, and our daughter ordered the BBQ Shrimp. When the food finally came out, my Gumbo was warm at best. It took our waitress a few minutes to bring the bread (which is very tasty, by the way) The BBQ Shrimp was salty, but the shrimp was cooked correctly, and the Catfish and Grits were good.  Then we had dessert. We shared a Bread Pudding and Bananas Foster dish.  The bread pudding was really just a banana bread (or so it seemed to be, but it wasn't bread pudding) with caramelized sugar spooned on top, then topped with a small scoop of ice cream. No bananas in site. All in all, the food was OK in taste, portion sizes are small for the price, and the service was SLOW!  We may try Lola's again to try their Po-boy sandwich, but other than that, I do not see us returning.  Too bad, we love Cajun food.
1	I am a road warrior.  I am used to eating alone, but I never get used to be treated poorly because I am eating alone.  I was really looking forward to eating here, but they would only seat me at a tiny 2 seat table with a total stranger...how awkward that would be.  They had 2 tables open, but they were being kept for party's of 2.  So, I walked.
4	Yes we went because we saw Lola's on Triple D. Was it good? You bet. We went for lunch - my wife had the blackened shrimp po boy; I had the soft shell crab po boy. She was not over the top with the shrimp but I love soft shell crab and this was perfect, not greasy and tasty.The service was attentive and friendly even though the place was packed. Lucky for us we got there about 10 minutes before the rush. Prices aren't cheap but they weren't too bad.We had the sweet potato pie and it was delicious. I took home a piece of bread pudding and it was over the top, one of the best bread puddings I have ever had.My wife and I agree we'll be back, probably for dinner sometime. It's so nice to find a great, single owner restaurant in Vegas, the mecca of chains. Thank's to Guy F for turning the world on to Lola's.
4	Food is great just wish it was bigger and you didnt have to call to make a reservation
4	Discovered this little gem by accident.  Saw it out of the corner of my eye while trying to get back to the strip from our North Vegas hotel.  The have everything from the south, or rather, almost everything.  Their specialty is Louisiana cooking, mostly fish, crawfish, shrimp, and all the fixin's.  Decor quaint, service friendly, food excellent.  A nice place for family, a nice alternative to the pretentious restaurants in the casinos along the strip.
4	Small joint, but some great southern cooking.  Had the shrimp po-boy and 1/2 dozen oysters.  Yum yum!  Be sure to make reservations though as its a tiny restaurant with just over 35 seats.  Might have to wait for a table and the bar seats 6.  Worth the wait though.
3	Nice and cozy little restaurant. I ordered the fried catfish po boy and it was fried to perfection. Pretty much anything that is deep fried on their menu is bomb. Unfortunately the etouffe we ordered was under seasoned. Other than that, the service was good.
2	My husband & I figured that if this pace was on DDD it had to be good, right?!?! Not really that great! When we walked in the door they weren't really that busy. They were more concerned about sitting us at an empty table for 4 than anything else (they had 6 empty), because after all they save those for larger parties. First come first serve!!! The environment was ehh soso, kinda small & packed in.First off the food was quite expensive for my taste. My husband had a Blackened Shrimp Poboy that was way to spicy for me to even try since he knows my threshold for spice. He however said he enjoyed his sandwhich, not to the extreme of the price that they charged for it. I ordered the fried catfish platter with my sides of green beans and greens. Never had I been so disappointed! I have never had to salt my food so much at a restraunt before. Both sides were boiled with bacon & I think that was it. NO FLAVOR!!!! The fried catfish in part was ehhh, ok. It was a tick cut of fish, oh did I mention you only get one filet!!! The breading was bland, had no seasoning in the cornmeal & when I got my food the entire bottom side of the fliet was SOGGY!!! nothing like eating a bland soggy piece of fish that had no flavor! I have had WAY better in this town. The only good thing that came out of this place would have to be their Sweet Tea. The Craw puppies as an appitizer was pretty tasty, but I have had chicken nuggets bigger than these & again the price was rediculious for the portion! I can say for sure we will NOT be going back!!!Hope this has been helpful in anyway to anybody!!
4	Blackened catfish poboy! Nom nom!!!!!  I could have done without the craw puppies though. Very attentive service!
5	Shrimp Charlotte and the Catfish and Grits is absolutely delicious!!!! Very fresh.. I most definitely be back to visit!!
5	What a gem! This places respects those who make reservations so make sure to get one as they are quite busy. The restaurant is small but has some personality. The Fleur de Lys and mardi gra beads make an appearance. They have an open grill in the front of the restaurant which was pretty cool since the servers grill up oysters and garlic bread for guests. I want you to know that it has been a very long time since I have enjoyed a restaurant from start to finish. I enjoyed everything at this place. This place serves Louisiana brews. I ordered a strawberry lager which was AMAZING! If you like the Sam Adams Cherry wheat you are bound to be impressed. For starters we had the Crawpuppies, mmm these things are a must try! Entrees, I had the signature shrimp and grits and my husband had the DDD featured roast beef sandwich, both were delicious. With the appetizer and entrees being so good my husband and I could not think of skipping dessert even though we were stuffed. We ordered the banana's foster bread pudding, oh my! This was other worldly. It just sealed the deal, we will be back for sure!
2	My girlfiend and I eat out alot and this local establishment prompted me to start yelping.  Hopefully they treat their tourists and locals who frequent during business days and hours better than we were treated.  Were we given the smallest table in the house - a high top smashed against the wall in flight path of servers and employees to and from the bar area.  The table was the size of a postage stamp.  15 minutes for any employee to actually care to ask for our drink order passed and our waiter took both our drink and food order.  The crabcake app was delicious.  Hardly any filler in the cake and the aioli sauce was perfect.  We both opted for Po Boys after my recommendation based on my last 2 business trips to New Orleans.  My roast beef was very good.  Tasted like a pot roast dinner.  Fresh cut fries are my favorite.  Although I have had better Lola's were good.  Maybe they should change the oil more often but nonetheless I was happy.  My girlfriend however had very average sweet potatoe fries and her blackened shrimp po boy lacked shrimp.  6 baby shrimp buried in lettuce and tomatoe (we requested no tomato)  for 13 bucks was embarrassing.  Follow up was never conducted by our wait staff and when my girlfriend left 3/4 of the bread and all of the "dressings" on the plate, no one asked if she was satisfied.  We eat out at alot of locals places in town and maybe we need to stop by a few more times to be treated like we are treated at some other places we frequent so the staff realizes we are local and not tourists.  That second trip is up for debate right now...30 percent we do 70 percent we dont.
1	WOW were we happy to be going to see our good friend in Vegas...for 2 months we have been wanting to go to  Lolas. The small restaurant ..maybe 13 tables and a small bar area....2 waitresses and a few kitchen staff....Ok Drive ins Diners and Dives..get real...this place is so bad....Guy you should be careful of the recommends you dish out.Good thing we were not starving because we went home wanting for soooo much more from this lunch experience had to offer....cesar salad......boring basic and tiny..blackened catfish with side of slaw and greens.....thee cat fish was not blackened it tasted no better than Zatarans cajun seasoning mix...no cruch or blackening what so ever....boring and small ...the greens   so basic   none of the flavors of bacon as stated in the menu ..just salt lingering from the cat fish....the slaw was drippy with mayo and basic....boring.The oyster poorboy...tasted ok...small...but better than anything else on the table...but NOW HERES THE REAL BIG PROBLEM   ... the stupid fries took a bad meal to a BAD EXPERIENCE...simple problem...the fries with the poorboy were cold..the waitress said she would bring another side...and to continue eating and she would bring a fresh HOT order...30 minutes later no fries..the waitress says 'she messed up and she would bring them right away...10 minutes later no fires....ok no worries   we were so far from in love with this joke of a restaurant that we said remove them from the bill and we are outta here...NOT SO EASY......THE WAITRESS SAID SHE PAI D FOR THE FRIES HER SELF..LIKE WHAT DOES THAT MEAN ..ALL BUT 60  CENTS WERE STILL ON THE BILL...WTF?   ok at this point there was no reasoning to be had....we are angry the waitress is daft and the woman who said she could function as the manager was of no help....10 minutes of having a 'situation' they deducted 4$ from the ticket we were free to get the hell outta that crappy place,,bad food   bad service and apparantly a lousy non concerned cook staff....who the hell is managing this place????NEVER AGAIN.......THIS DAFT STAFF SHOULD ALL BE FIRED!!!DID I SAY HOW MUCH I DSLIKE THIS PLACE?
5	It makes me really sad when I see the one and two star reviews on here because this isn't the experience we had at all. I had never heard of this place before and just happened to see it as we drove by on the way to Frankie's Tiki room. Lucky us!! It was about 5pm on a Friday afternoon and there were a few tables open, but we like to sit at the bar and eat. Right away, a really nice guy came to us and asked us where we were from and told us about the menu and the food we were considering.  (I'm mad at myself for not getting his name. I usually do) After we ordered, he talked to us for a while- really nice fellow.We ordered the Gumbo, Shrimp and Smoked Gouda Grits, and Crabcake Entree. All were awesome and I was especially in love with the grits. Being from the South, I've had my share of grits and I can honestly say these were the best I've ever had, no lie. For desert we ordered this amazing "pie" I don't remember what it was called but the bottom part was cherries in a red wine reduction sauce topped with homemade cheesecake. Oh Lord it was good!!!   During our experience, Lola herself came to the bar and talked to us for a while and told us about how she came to be in Las Vegas and how the restaurant came about. She was really nice and was asking how we liked the food. Very nice gal. I wish her and her restaurant the best and we will DEFINITELY be going back on our next trip to Vegas!!!
5	Have you been away from New Orleans too long? Are you missing some authentic Cajun or Creole cooking? If you answered yes to those questions as well as others you have then get to Lola's. Guy Fieri came into town and did a segment of "Diners, Drive-in's and Dives" from Lola's. If you are visiting or a local, if Guy can come here, you should make it to Lola's as well.If you have been away from New Orleans too long, Lola's will make you feel right at home. The decor reminds me of the pleasures of sitting in a New Orleans Cafe eating gumbo and a great piece of Pecan Pie. Not only does the decor make me feel that way, but the food served at Lola's gives me the tastes I remember as well. Gumbo, po boys and more will make you feel like you are back in New Orleans. I'm sure there is someplace in town to get some great Beignets.I almost forgot to mention the service at Lola's. The service is always great and I feel well taken care of whenever I go. I can't wait to go back again.
5	My husband and I went to Lola's on Saturday night. He was born and raised in Shreveport, LA so he knows southern cooking. He ordered the Shrimp and Grits and was in heaven. He said this dish was as good as Brennen's in the French Quarter. I ordered the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya and it was the best I have ever had. To end a spectacular meal, my husband ordered Mamma Deaux's Banana Pudding. He was immediately transported back to his childhood - Nill Wafers and all. At the end of our meal, Lola sat down and chatted with us and a local couple. She is as warm and welcoming as her restaurant and her down home comfort food. We will be returning every time we come to Vegas. I recommend you go early as the restaurant is small and very busy.
5	We were in Las Vegas for a trade show and we just had to get out of that hotel - it started feeling like a prison!  Used Yelp to find Lola's.From the moment we walked in the door Lola's was just perfect.  Ice cold Abita beer really hit the spot.  The service was proper and attentive.The four of us enjoyed the broiled oysters, hush puppies and crab cakes for appetizers.  For my entree I had the bronzed catfish - it was poetry on a plate!  Order this.  It is just that simple.Fininshed off with Bananas Foster.  Yum Yum.If you are Las Vegas and want to get out of the casino and have a real dinner I recommend Lola's.
4	Ate at 7 pm on a Wednesday night.  After reading all of the reviews, made a reservation just to be safe, but it wasn't necessary.  Had 2-4 tables open the whole time we were there, plus outside.I had the fried shrimp po boy.  This comes with 8 good size shrimp.  I thought the roll did not handle the sandwich well.  Also, it was a tad small for $12.  However, the tartar sauce is excellent.  I would eat this again, but not before trying other dishes.  I may get it blackened next time, but the server recommended fried.I got the potato salad and a side of red beans and rice.  The potato salad was basic mustard.  It was good and homemade, but the flavor was standard.  The red beans and rice needed more spice to it.  I used the louisiana hot at the table.   It was good, but lacked in seasoning.  I tried the gouda grits my buddy got with his shrimp and grits.  Excellent.  I will definitely be back, likely to try the bronzed catfish next time...
5	I was SO looking forward too Lola ever since I seen it on DDD and only hearing great things about the place from friends gone. The thing craving most was good true authentic Po Boy. You see them around town but all the ones ever tasted not mention names but horrible. I always felt starts with the bread if bread not true then say got problems. The bread was perfect. I got full dressing with my soft shell Po Boy option but well recommend it comes with the sauce/ shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes and the Soft Shell were MONSTERS. LIterally two on sandwich where just one alone more then half the size of the bread. It fried too perfection. All other Po Boys had not enough of protein order in the sandwich and all taste not as fresh. Lola the soft shell crab sure fresh just on size of them. The fries were good. I really looking forward too Po Boy once realize huge portion you got had no room for the fries. Still eat half! They have five or six of them on the menu. You can count on me going back not only try more Po Boy but so many other things want try jambalaya, gumbo, and goes on and on. The atmosphere if very much New Orleans flair from the Saints decorations, I love independent family run business feel, such small place probably hold less then hundred people, and seeing Lola active walking around the restaurant or going in the back cooking it up and talking guest refreshing see in restaurant owner cares. She greeted me walk in and nice person cool see on tv then in person. It was pretty packed so good thing just me. I sat at the bar even that is about as small as it gets think eight seats or less. It not bar bar but bartender was really nice guy. Talking stories with him at times. If anything you get too see them grill off bread serve too the tables for entertainment. Do have widescreen there too just saying. I huge fan of Lola. Without doubt for me if want TRUE too the HEART creole or new orleans cooking Lola is only place too go. Make sure if go busy times might  want put reservation really small restaurant.
2	I'm from Nola and this was weak. We ordered crawfish puppies and they were pasty inside. My husband ordered soft shell crab poboy and the batter in the crabs was crazy thick and flavorless, plus they didn't clean out the crabs, yuck. I ordered grilled oysters and they did not properly shuck them from the shell. we also tried the lump blue crab cake and there was no lump about it. SAD experience for me. plusthe server ignored my feedback. If you are familiar with true southern food, cook it yourself.
4	Easily the most enjoying meal I had while in LV for 4 days.  If you are the type like me who disdains chain restaurants, including the much hyped celebrity chef ones, then give this off-the Strip place a try.  The bowl of jambalaya and crab cake salad were fresh and delicious.  Place was jammed pack already at 11:30am with mostly locals, so come get some.
5	This is the place to chow down if you're in the mood for New Orleans food! The jambalaya was spicy and loved the andouille sausage and it complimented the shrimp and chicken. I also indulged in a platter of another NO staple, red beans & rice and of course, added the andouille sausage and it was good but not as tasty as the jambalaya. I started out with a cup of gumbo. I am definitely hooked on this place and had the pleasure of meeting Lola and the service was very good. Will definitely return on my next trip to Sin City and will check out the Catfish!
4	Best Cajun food in town
1	I saw this restaurant on Guy's  Diners Drive-Inns and Dives..so I decided to take my son for his birthday. His dad is from Louisiana and we were so disappointed in the food. The gumbo and the shrimp etouffe have no flavor at all.   The shrimp poboy  was ok..but the fries were cold and hard. The atmosphere is a little too close for comfort.
5	It's this great little hole in the wall, A Louisiana Creole-Cajun style restaurant. The staff was very nice and helpful.As seasoned amateur foodies we like to each order different plates so we can share and try a few things at once.My wife and I started off with an appetizer, the "Craw Puppies."Sorry we didn't read the ingredients, but they were very good.They had the perfect amount of heat, flavor and seasoning. As my wife put it, "the dipping sauce was like WOW! you could have licked the dipping bowl clean it was so good." LOL!  And I totally scraped all I could from it. :-)Up second was the "Roast Beef Debris Po-Boy" Sandwich as seen on "Diners, Drive-in's and Dives"Man this Po-Boy was one of the best roast beef sandwiches we've ever had-hands down. It had just the perfect amount of beef gravy and it did not make the bread soggy. The bread crust was flakey and had a nice medium crunch to it.The beef was tender, the red onions added the right amount of flavoring to it. A must try for sure!3rd on the list was the "Shrimp Po-Boy Blackened"Using the same bread, this sandwich had real Cajun flavors in every bite. The blackened seasoning was again WOW! Spectacular! We loved this sandwich and if and when we return to Vegas we will no doubt get this as a go to sandwich.Finally dessert. We decided on the "Bread Pudding."This had small chunks of walnuts and raisins with a home made sweet sauce covering it, topped off with whipped cream.This was very good, not soft and soggy, but firm enough to cut with your fork and not have to eat with a spoon. LOL!But the home made sauce was what really put this dessert over the top. At first we couldn't figure it out, then it hit me, so I asked the waiter if the sauce had any Jack Daniels in it? Smiling , all he would say was that "it has some booze in it." He wasn't willing to give away the secret sauce info. LOL!All in all, we really loved this place and would definitely go back in a heart beat. And the prices are very reasonable for Louisiana Creole-Cajun style cooking.TC
5	Definitely the place to eat when in Las Vegas. Delicious Louisiana Cajun food with the perfect amount of flavor and heat. Love it!
4	If you can deal with fried food and like fish and sea food, don't miss a chance to have lunch or supper at Lola's.  I had the Oyster Poor Boy and my friend had the cat fish and they were both excellent.  Service was great and friendly.  We had come into LV from Texas for a four day visit and were determined to find some local places and not give the gambling trade all of our business.Do your self a favor and try Lola's
4	This restaurant is small, casual and very busy on the Tuesday evening of our visit.  We chose this restaurant based on its proximity to the Smith Center where we would be seeing the Dr. John show later that evening - talk about synergy.  We were fortunate to score an outside table overlooking Charleston Blvd on this comfortable evening.  Even though it was busy, the wait staff took good care of us so we were out in a more than reasonable time.  My wife ordered the shrimp etouffee which was tasty but a little thinner than she would have preferred.  I chose a house specialty, bronzed catfish over Gouda grits served with an Andouille sausage and mushroom ragout.  The fresh catfish were by far the best I have experienced as were the grits - a 5 Star experience.
2	Word to the wise: make sure you eat before you go so that by the time your food arrives, you'll be hungry again.I'm just disappointed that I had to wait 20 minutes to be greeted by our server without the thrill of a lap dance.We were so thrilled when our server finally arrived, that we gave him our drink, appetizer, and entree selection. I'm not sure if you've heard, but this is how service at a restaurant normally works: You arrive, you're greeted by the host/hostess then seated at the proper table that will accommodate your party size comfortably. Next, the server or server assistant greets you within 5 minutes to take your drink order and offer some appetizer suggestions. Once the drinks arrive they take the order for both your appetizer and your entree or just your appetizer and give you some more time to look over the menu while they put your appetizer in...should I say more? Guess what happened after he took all three orders? Another 20 minutes of staring at each other and our appetizers arrived. They took so long to get to us, I forgot what we ordered! Apparently, we ordered the Craw Puppies. They were good, an innovative dish with an original sauce to match.Unfortunately, the appetizer was a tease for the beast (my stomach). Guess what came after the appetizer? Another wait...by this time, I was trying to think happy thoughts and sing some lullabies to keep the beast distracted. My date asked if we could have some bread (since all the other tables around us had some) while we were waiting. He also asked the server if he could check on the status of our food. My date decided to take a smoke break while I started to die in slow motion and feel my stomach feed off itself.Finally, our food arrives. I had ordered the catfish platter which came with two sides. I chose greens and sweet potato fries. The starvation I was experiencing made me so delusional that I actually thought the word "platter" meant more than one piece of fish. Nope...just one. As long as the food took, I was hoping that the cook had gone to the lake and caught a  school  of fish for me to eat. Can you believe that after all that my greens were gross & cold?! AND my sweet potato fries were lukewarm. Unfortunately, I had to work the next day...so I couldn't send them back. I did ENJOY my  catfish, however, as long as it took to make...I was expecting it to be ORGASMIC. I did want to try dessert, but like I said before...I had to work the next evening.The moral of the story? LUKEWARM THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT!MANAGEMENT: AN HOUR AND A HALF FOR A 2 COURSE MEAL?! ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?!! Please feel free to retrain your staff using my tips as a guide. I swear, I won't even take credit for it.
2	I'm sorry Lola's - I wanted to like you, but I just can't. Downtown is my hood and I'd love to see a wide variety of restaurants flourish, but you've got some work to do.The location inside the rehabbed Holsum Bread Factory is fantastic. Cool neon outside, nifty factory-like architecture inside. It's also walkable from all of the residential buildings downtown (although a bit of a hike from my beloved Ogden).I just simply wasn't impressed with the food. It's better than a French Quarter tourist trap (Pere Antoine, I'm looking at you!) but I found my jambalaya uninspired and dry.It's been a while since I've last been, and I think a return is in order. I'll try something different next time and hopefully I'll be able to revisit this review with more positive feelings.
2	The Grits were good, maybe I should have ordered the Catfish instead of the Shrimp. The shrimp were good, it just did not pull together with the grits. I wanted to like you & become a regular, but I could not find the "tie-in" to bring my food together, and my roommate was not impressed at all over your ham & cheese po-boy, we were both shaking our heads at the end of our meal wondering what the fuss was all about during the summer. And anyone reading this....... I was WAYYYY disapointed about paying $5 for a dessert that really delivered on flavor for the banana pudding, but to be served almost less than half a container for $5??! Really?!?! I will go across town to Lucille's where it's not a good, but at least they get the portion right!
5	This place is awesome! Cozy and friendly, the staff is awesome and quick to serve. We sat at the bar and were promptly greeted by the owner herself who was quick to get us some grilled bread and beverages. My husband and i each ordered the shrimp po'boys, his blackened and mine grilled. Both were tasty and paired with some amazingly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside sweet potato fries. Capped off with some Abita beers we were in N'awlins heaven. I will visit here again! Lola rocks and even took time to visit with us and ask how our meals were while she worked behind the counter. :)
4	If you've ever been to New Orleans then you've probably eaten in a small restaurant in an old building.  I've been to New Orleans twice and Lola's has recreated the feel of New Orleans so much I was almost tearfully sentimental.  I had the BBQ shrimp with rice and french bread which was awesome.  I can't wait to go again and try something new.  This time I'll be sipping on a Turbo Dog.  My only complaint is they are a Saints bar yet they are closed Sundays!
5	I love this place! Amazing shrimp and the best remoulade sauce in the world!:)
5	Catfish & Grits, Shrimp Charlotte, Sweet Potato & pecan pie, Bananas Foster Bread Pudding... Fabulous food, everything was great! Service was really good & the old building was a perfect setting. Definitely going back. Can't wait to try everything else.
4	A friend from out of town was visiting and wanted to go here after seeing it on Food Network.  I had never heard of it but thought it would be a different place to try.  I'm not big on cajon but I enjoyed it and he seemed very happy with his meal.  I had the blackened chicken and the spices were just right.  The wine was good too.  Service was also very good.I would definately return.
2	So my first visit to this place, my girlfriend and I were meeting to catch up.  She has been here before and i anticipate bringing my husband if all is good.  I am very excited.  We arrived right when they opened, so to see the influx of people appearing at the door after we were seated was encouraging.  Service was fine and basically what you would expect.   I ordered the catfish po boy and fries.  Nice soft bread, lettuce, tomatoes and a tasty sauce...but where's the fish?????  I mean would you pay 11.00 bucks for a McDonald size fish filet split in half?   I did ask our server if this was the normal portion, and apparently so.  I was more disappointed cuz I've so wanted to report back home how good things were and plan a second trip with my hubby.  I was also still hungry.  my Po Boy was "very po" and lacked flavor too.But I give anyplace a second chance.  But I have a plan.  I'll order the catfish platter and some bread on the side and hope my hubby has a different experience.This is my very first post, so Lola's at least inspired me.
5	This place is great! I wanted to check it out ever since I saw the place on Triple D. It is a small place and I recommend reservations. We were seated and looked over the menu's. I ordered the shrimp and grits.When it came out it looked so good! On the first bite, Awesome! The grits were buttery and smooth. The shrimp had the right amount of seasoning on them that it was easy to devour them and want more! My wife had the Blackend chicken sandwich and she really enjoyed that. The spices were really good. I really think this is one of the best places for shrimp and grits.Loved that the owner made her way over to us to check on our meal and chat with us a bit. Our service and and the great food will guarantee our return.
1	I really wanted to like Lola's.  So much so, that I convinced three co-workers to go. We put in our order immediately and ended up waiting almost an hour for our food to come out.  When our food (porboys) came, it turned out to be a very small portion.  I couldn't even taste the catfish on my sandwich because it was so small.  For the price, I feel there should have at least been another piece of catfish on my sandwich.  The sauce on the sandwich was good, and so was the cole slaw.  When the server was asked if it normally takes this long for your order to be ready, he was not very pleasant with his response.  Overall, this was not a very good experience.  I don't think I will be going back.
2	Funniest comment I heard from my coworkers after we ate at Lola "for the quality of food they served and for the price they charged, they should have thrown in a lap dance for free."The comment above basically summarized our first and last experience at Lola's. We work near downtown and usually venture out to eat for lunch, especially when new place popped up. First the service, the waiter was unfriendly and only showed up to take order and bring our food (an hour later). Beside that, he didn't even care to check on us at all. I give service a "D"As many of you have commented on here, make sure you eat before you come to Lola because by the time your food arrives, you would have fainted from hunger already. It shouldn't take like a whole freaking hour just to bring us fried catfish po boy, especially when the food portion is small and has no seasoning at all. I give food quality a "D"This place is pricey but the portion is extremely small. $13 for a small catfish po boy with barely any fish in it. Crawpuppies were extremely tiny and salty. I'm the type of person would pay good money for good food, but I will not pay outraging price for crappy food. I give food value a "D-"Overall, this place failed badly and I'm surprised of the 4 stars review for this place.
3	I love a good Po Boy.  Especially ones that have southern or Louisiana attached to it. What other kinds are there?  And I had heard that this place had some good ones.  So I ventured here to try me a shrimp BBQ Po Boy.  Place was a little crowded and the tables are literally right next to each other.Service was very good despite the crowded house.  I also had an unusual side of cole slaw, can't remember what it was called but it was so good.The sandwich came and I told the waitress that it should be called the "we don't skimp on the shrimp" po boy.  The shrimp was falling out of the roll.  It was good, but not great.  I felt it lacked a little seasoning or spicyness.This place is smothered with all things N.O. Saints, if that works for you. The bar is small, only 6-7 bar stools.  Everyone in here seemed to be a local.I suppose I need to go in to try other things as I'm sure there are better items.  Maybe
4	Really like this place right off the 15 on Charleston - in the same center as the old Holsum bread place.  The owner is usually hanging around and is very friendly and easy to talk to.  I go mostly for lunch and usually sit at the bar, which is small but sufficient.  I can only speak for the sandwiches, but they have all been delicious.  Good bread and everything else falls in line.  They also have Abita beer which is a plus!  Give this place a shot.
4	Lola's had always come highly recommended by my co-workers from the New Orleans/Laffeyette area so I was eager to try it. I went there with a big group of friends and found it to be as good as I had heard. I have a hard time passing up gumbo if it's on the menu, so that is what I ordered here. Although it was made from a darker roux than I have previously had, it was still delicious with a lot of andouille in the mix. I also got a taste of the grilled salmon and fried catfish and found them to be very good. Dessert-wise, I can say with all honesty that the Jack Daniels praline sauce that comes with the bread pudding is one of the tastiest confections I have ever had and if I had not been in public and surrounded by 7 of my closest friends and 30 strangers, I would have probably drank the rest of it and licked the plate clean. The jambalaya also looked very appetizing and the po' boys menu has piqued my curiosity. I will be returning in the future that's for sure.Just a word of warning though, Lola's has a higher-end/gourmet style of presentation so if the only experience you have with Cajun/Creole is the pan roasts at Big Al's, you may find the portions to be a bit lighter than what you're used to. However, you will be more than compensated by the quality of the food, ambiance of the restaurant, and the friendliness of the staff.
4	Finally had the bronzed catfish today with the gouda grits.  As expected, it was New Orleans in a bowl.  Fantastic dish, I liked it better than the shrimp.Got the crab dip to start.  This is a fine version of a dip, nothing special.  My wife had the crabcakes.  You get 2 large cakes with the meal, but they are on a bed of greens.  This destroys the purpose, in our estimation, of getting that good crispy exterior, because the lettuce makes the bottoms of the cakes soggy.  Good flavor, a bit too citrusy for me in the sauce.
5	My friend and I are going to eat at the Triple D restaurants in Las Vegas our first one for 2013 was Lola's OMG I had the Gouda grits with shrimp It was amazing my friend had the roast beef po boy it was also excellent and we planned it around first Friday downtown that was also amazing We will both do both again
5	This place was fantastic! They seated us right away for a table of two on Saturday night with no reservations. We had to start with the Craw-Puppies. They were a little smaller then you would expect but they were super yummy! They come with a delicious aioli to dip. They also have really good starter bread. My boyfriend ordered the Shrimp Po'Boy - so good! I had the Catfish and Grits. The catfish had a spicy kick to it! I ended up liking his a little better then mine, but not by much. Both the dishes were blast of creole flavors. Absolutely delicious! Definitely coming back here again.
5	This place is amazing! Try to go on Fat Tuesday, and you get a special treat! I love their Po'Boys, last time I went, I had the blacken chicken which melts in your mouth. I would like to say hats off to the seafood gumbo and grits, its pretty hard to find places to get those two dishes right, and Lola does!Since this is a pretty popular place, you might have to wait a little while to be seated, but the food is worth it. Can't wait to go back for Mardi Gras!
4	Finally made it into Lola's.  Dining here makes you feel like you are eating over at a friend's house.  It is ultra small and cramped and busy busy busy.  Service was just fine but not great.  Our guy was definitely busy and it showed.  Prices are fair.  Beers are cheap.  I had the shrimp and grits.  Delicious!!  Six large shrimp and a pile of grits with bacon.  What more could you need? Oh yeah..cheese!  The grits are gouda grits.  Buttery, cheesy and yum yum yummy.  My husband said they were too cheesy.  I do not believe in such nonsense.  No such thing.  He was quite pleased with his grilled shrimp po boy and said he would order precisely the same thing when we return.  I also slyly nibbled my sisters jambalaya.  It was spicy and flavorful.  Very good.  I can't imagine there is any better Louisiana style cooking in Las Vegas.  Maybe the best part of the meal was the delightful fig dessert.  The best way to describe it is a large homemade warm fig newton topped with ice cream.  I've never ad anything like it.  It was excellent!! My fellow diners were skeptical of ordering such a wild card but it was the favorite!Definitely worth a trip downtown!
5	Great food and wonderful service! The place is rather small but cozy with deco from New Orleans. The parking is an adventure to find. The lot around back is large but would be a little daunting at night. The remains of buildings of years gone by make it a rough road to traverse. We went during daylight hours. There is also a parking lot on the east side of the building. Good luck finding it on your first visit. Walking across the back lot and into the building is a challange the first time as there are no signs to guide you. But...we found it...right through the back door along a hall and into Lola's beverage service area. We heard the crowd and zidego (sp) music knowing this was the place.  The lunch crowd was large and loud....a lot of fun and Lola was wandering around the dining room making sure that patrons were being taken care of and assisting the waite staff when needed. Appeared to be a very hands on owner. The food was amazing. My wife and I had Po'Boys. She had the oyster 'loaf' and I tried the Roast Beef Debris. Both sandwiches were very good, hot and fresh. The oysters were huge and mine was like having a pot roast on a roll. The sides were french fries (could've had a little more crunch) and cole slaw which was nice and fresh. We observed other dishes being served. It's not hard to gawk is a small room. The shrimp Etoufee' looked very good as did the catfish plate, gumbo and crawpuppies. To finish up our experience our waitress recommended the 'Lola's Famous Bread Pudding'. OMG is all I can say. It was warm and covered with  Jim Beam praline sauce and toppped with whipped cream. Yum.We will definitly go back and the next time we'll know where the back door is and not get sorta lost. The front of the place faces east Charleston and looks nice when you drive by ON Charleston. But you can't get there from there. Use Mapquest.
1	I came here quite some time ago for lunch with a friend. I had previously been to this locale when it was a pizza place and had been anxiousto check Lola's out.We sat outside because the weather was nice, I appreciate the effort put into trying to create an pleasan atmosphere despite the fact that Charleston Blvd. traffic is 15 feet away.My friend ordered the po-boy and I orrrrrdered the New Orleans style bbq shrimp. after we placed our order we waited, waited and waited for what seemed like forever. It started to get kind of hot outside and we had 5 minutes before our lunch break ended and we still had not received any food. I headed to the bathroom because I started to feel dizzy and I fainted right outside. Literally fainted. That is why I felt compelled to write this because another Yelper half-jokingly said you could faint by the time they bring you your food. Somehow my friend got me and all of our stuff together and we headed back to work. Later in the evening I tried my  shrimp and it was fine. The dish came with like 5 pieces of shrimp, and the dish cost like 15 dollars. I will not be back.
4	Being that I lived where Creole food is very popular I was excited to see Louisiana cooking here in vegas. The hostess wasn't that good, seating us in the "hallway" rather than in the cozy dining room, but oh well. It was a bit noisy for our taste anyway, but the waitress totally forgot about us. Just due to the service I almost give them two stars, but the food made up for it! The mud bug's were spot on and the salad was excellent as well! The gumbo is very nice. In closing this is the best Creole food that I have had outside of Houston-Biloxi. In that region I would have only given it two stars, but for not being in the area it is great. I will return, but I hope service is better the next time that I go.
3	Every now and then I come across a specialty restaurant known for some amazing ethnic food or just something completely odd that also happens to serve the perfect burger. I'm not here to present one today, as Lola's didn't provide me anything worthy. I've really enjoyed all of the dishes I have tried over the past couple years, but never even considered getting a burger there until someone suggested it months ago. And as the rule typically goes for me, if only one person in this city has suggested the burger there, it's probably for a reason.Lola's is a really tight space in the Holsum Lofts building on Charleston at the 15 next to a now-abandoned antiques store. The restaurant has a bunch of two and four seat tables, 6 seats at the bar plus another little 2 seat high top, and a bunch of seating outside during the warm months. It can get very packed very quickly during lunch and dinner so either get there early or prepare for a bit of a wait if you choose to come during peak times, I think they may also take reservations. The parking lot sucks and also fills up quickly so keep that in mind if you're running late. Their menu features everything you can expect from a restaurant with the title "A Louisiana Kitchen"; crab cakes, catfish and grits, po'boys, bread pudding, etc. Everything I've had here has always been rich and tasty, so when someone suggested the burger I got a bit excited. How can a place that does nearly everything right screw up a burger?Lola's burger is a never frozen, lean beef patty with lettuce, tomato, mayo and mustard. Knowing what typically gets served here, I was shocked to see a puny burger show up in front of me. The meat had ok flavor, but no char and totally overcooked beyond the medium rare I ordered. The bun was thin, small and way too generic. The tomatoes were not very red and fairly weak, the mayo and mustard were barely present. Overall there was nothing juicy about this as their online menu claims, and I really questioned whether I need to try a burger at every single place in town just in case they have that one secret amazing burger. I'm starting to think the answer is no. Everyone can put a burger on their menu to satisfy that one odd person in the group that doesn't want to eat the amazing Louisiana food that's served there, or the pizza that everyone else is getting, but if it's nothing great then what's the point? There are certainly exceptions to the rule, but I need to start limiting myself to restaurants that I know for sure provide something at least somewhat worthy of reviewing.The fries on the other hand were actually pretty good. Not sure if they were entirely fresh but cooked really well; skin on with a decent amount of seasoning. There were lots of little crunchy bits, but I wish there was a bit more of the larger pieces as there weren't too many actual fries to chow down on with my burger. My meal came to $12.42 with an iced tea and an extra dollar for my not completely melted swiss cheese, basically far too much for a burger meal of this caliber. I don't think I need to reiterate that you shouldn't come here for the burger; there is plenty of great Louisiana style food here that you can't go wrong with, so just stick with that.
3	The gumbo was GREAT!  I will have to go back to try something else.  I was in a hurry this time around.
5	This is, without a doubt, the best Cajun food I have had outside of south Louisiana.  It felt like home walking into the restaurant, small hole in the wall, nothing fancy.  The food was great, served hot and reasonable time.  The Shrimp & Gouda Grits were amazing.  It was amazing to find real Leidenheimer french bread outside of southern La.  Tried three desserts, all were great:  Bread pudding, Choclate Cake & the Fig Cake.  Will try the Banna's Foster Bread Pudding next time.  This place is on my 5 Star list and I'm a Foodie.
4	Had a great time this weekend at Lola's the shrimp and grits were the best I ever ate. Crab cake delicious my granddaughter had the PO boy soft shell crab also good. My sister had the grilled oysters yummy. Bread pudding I've had better but it was tasty. My fam that ordered the jambalaya found it too spicy to eat so it went back. All in all a good eat. Oh yeah my granddaughter said the banana pudding was good but not as good as yours granny. I love that chick.
5	Having never been east of Utah, I can't speak to how authentic Lola's is. I can say that what we had was delicious and we will become regulars. I had Jambalaya that was outstanding. My significant other had a smoked ham sandwich that was superb.
3	Finally made it down to Lola's!We went with the Charbroiled Oysters to start :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2KX0qqRWWzza4lvTzNQ1cwThey are dressed with Garlic, Lemon, and a blend of cheeses! These were pretty good!  Not mind blowing but good at around $12-13 if I remember correctly.I went with the Blackened Shrimp Poboy on New Orleans French Bread! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?select=-rgLE3shfCXIeA1fprAIGg#09IBYP8kA8h-iBcCyldMuAGreat sandwich...just wish the shrimp were a little larger taking into consideration the price, but they were cooked well and had tons of flavor!  For some odd reason, I was served my sandwich without my fries though...they came later, after I took my time taking pics of both entrees, eating bites of both entrees, and starting on my second half of the sandwich, the fries finally came.  I did like the seasoning on them though...slight cajun salt style on some "well done" cooked fries.The Bronzed Catfish and Grits : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#26bezKK4tDMzoxIcy2zvdAFresh Catfish, Bronzed, over Smoked Gouda Grits with Andouille Sausage and Mushroom Ragout. Cooked well and very yummy! Would recommend it!  Portions were a bit small in comparison to other cajun/southern style places we have been to in town though, and the prices were not cheap (not expensive either) in that reflection, but still good.For dessert, there was a miscommunication...we wanted the Banana Foster Bread Pudding but got the regular banana fosters instead :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2nBYfnTojNkJf_zpe0iAoQIt was good, but not nearly as good as the bread pudding! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#6VaYCDgiODV53TnSZylS_AIt is made of Banana Bread / Bread Pudding, fresh Bananas, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Fosters Sauce! Very very good!! This was the highlight of the night for me!  The top of the ice cream had a slight creme brulee like crisp on it too!Small complaint.  When we saw that we received the wrong intended dessert, we told the server and she ordered us the right one.  We had a bite or two of the wrong dessert thinking there might be some bread pudding hiding in there, but we quickly realized it was the wrong order.  They never took the wrong dessert off the table, so we ended up picking at it a bit, but still left at least 70% of the dessert on the table.  When the tab came through, we got charged for both.  I didn't complain or say anything, but the server asked us if we ate any of the wrong item, and I said we picked at it, but left most of it on the table.  She then offered to pay half of the plate costs $4 of the $8...If this was almost at any other restaurant in town, the wrong order would have been comped.  If I would have raised a fuss, it would have been comped.  But because I didn't do that, Lola's paid for half..take it for what you will.Overall, I can recommend this place, but the price/portion ratio isn't as solid as some of the other Cajun/Southern style spots in town, and the food was good, but not mind blowing good like Cajun spiced food should be!  A very solid 3 star spot in my book.90/100 challenge
3	Call me simple, but I sure do love a po' boy sandwich.My parents and I decided to drop in for dinner before catching a show at the Smith Center. You'll notice their Louisiana spirit just by taking a glance around! Their dining area is cozy and a little tight so you should call in advance if you have a large group.The fried catfish po' boy was my catch of the day. When it finally came to the table, I peeked into my sandwich and saw a meager catfish filet that resembled those of my poor college student days. The breading was bland, but the fish was moist. Other than that, they followed through on my request to be easy on the mayo and tartar sauce. Their bread is magical. I don't even know how, but it is.The service was mediocre. Perhaps it was just a busy night and we were in a hurry, but our food seemed to take forever to get from the kitchen to our table. Not sure if the bread was complimentary or if it was to appease our growing appetites as we waited. On a positive note, our waitress was very accommodating and even put in a rush order for us, which I'm very thankful for.All in all, there were some hits and misses, but their menu's enough for me to return someday and try their gumbo, sweet potato fries, and their banana fosters.
2	Decent food and great atmosphere. They seem a bit short staffed though. Waited two hours after being promised 40 minute wait time. Then took 10 minutes for drinks to hit our table and then 40 minutes for food to hit the table. People (family of 3) were seated after us (5 friends) and served their food first. The prices were ok, but just put off by the long wait. They can customize a lot of the food to tailor your spice preference. Would probably not go back to be honest.
4	What a hidden gem!  The shrimp and grits is to die for and the bread pudding is the best I've ever had. Be careful going at lunchtime though...service is super slow around noon.
5	Best food outside ya mama's kitchen! Gumbo! Yeah! Shrimp creole? Uh huh! Shrimp and grits? Out a' site! Remoulade? Yep! Dont forget to order the bread pudding and banana's foster.  Coming back for the soft shell crab po' boy on leidenheimer bread
1	I had the worst experience. My crab cake was good BUT, it had huge pieces of crab shell in it and it almost chipped my tooth and I don't mean a little piece of shell because that is understandable but I could tell you exactly where the piece of hard shell came from(claws, legs, and it body..and it wasn't a leg shell). I did takeout and it took an hour just to get my food and I was hoping that well hopefully I will have a great experience with the food...NO NO NO I ordered the blackened catfish Po'Boy as well and my fries were burnt, very flimsy no crispness, and they weren't hot. Oh I did have one crisp fry that wasn't burnt...Like the fries were fried this morning and been sitting there all day and they mixed in a fresh batch just to make it seem like they were just fried or they recooked them. Then my Po'Boy uhhh where do I start!!! The fish was very bland and I don't understand how it can be bland and it's blackened. It definitely needed salt for taste. Waaaay to much mayo and the tartar sauce tasted like unflavored mayo. So in my mouth I just taste a bunch of oily based spread. The bread was stale so when I bit into it..well I tried to. The whole inside slipped out and I was left with still trying to tear a bite off the bread. Overall I give it a BIG ZERO. That's why either Guy Fieri only talked about the Beef Debris Po'Boy because everything else was nasty or they allowed for the recognition to go to their head and now they don't care about the food quality...and I'm guessing the second part is right because I had autographs on both of my takeout containers and I didn't even ask for it. Thank you LOLA'S for the horrible experience I will never come back.
4	Lola's. Finally. You've been on my To Eat list for so long and I'm very glad you came thru for me. I was skeptical after sitting (wait standing)  for 15 minutes waiting to be seated watching everyone run around a little scatterbrained and confused. However the smell coming from the food all around me told me to be patient. Glad I listened to my nose. We were seated outside and our waitress was sweet but overworked and not 100% attentive. You're probably wondering why I gave this place 4 stars. A couple of reasons. Firstly and mainly- the food. Everything was good. The wings (level 10 is like a level 5 of Thai spice) for sure made with a homemade Louisiana style sauce. Crab cake- yum. Fettuccine Alfredo with blackened chicken was for sure from scratch and had a hit of Cajun flare. Shrimp Charlotte, angel hair with light sauce, mushrooms and shrimp. Spicy and a tad dry but the flavor & a squeeze of a lemon made up for it. Secondly- their effort. Scatterbrained or not, everyone there was truly busting their butts! I can't wait to return for some gumbo and catfish. Oh and also make a reservation- this place is packed for a reason.
1	Terrible service!  I would never go back no matter how good the food is.Ignored for 10 min then finally ordered drinks from a busser person, another 10 min till unfriendly Crystal the waitress showed up with " so what can I get you?".  After We placed our order, that was  the last time we saw her!  She didn't even bring our food out much less check on us.  Everytime we needed a refill or extra napkins, we gad to get it from a bartender.We wanted to talk to the manager but e said he was too busy right now.Very diappointed.
4	I've been to Lola's at least twice now and I really enjoy the catfish po' boy! The atmosphere is nice with a bit of hussle and bussle. The second time I was there I sat in the outdoor seating area and they were doing a photo shoot for some of the food they have. Ended up getting some free oysters for appetizer before the meal. They were great and probably tasted even better because they were free :-). I definitely look forward to coming here again.
4	I recently tried Lola's for the first time during lunch with a few friends. I am a huge fan of cajun/creole food, and Lola's did not disappoint! We tried the gumbo and the crab/artichoke dip to start, both were awesome!! I am usually not a fan of any kind of spinach/artichoke/cheesy mess of a dip, but this was AMAZING. It was full of crab meat and was seriously delicious.They also have Abita beer which is a huge plus-it brings back crazy nights in New Orleans and it goes down great with the spicy food! We all had po'boys, blackened and fried shrimp and the roast beef one. The blackened shrimp was bomb-spicy but not overpowering ( I accidentally poured on too much habanero hot sauce but it was still delish) but if you don't like mayo-request for them to skip it. The sweet potato fries were great as well.But BEST of all-the service! I think her name was Cristal? Nicole? Ehhh I may have still been drunk from the night before but she was an awesome girl and kept our drinks full and put up with us. Major win in my book! Even other members of the staff would walk by and keep an eye on the table, even overheard me talking about a straw and was quick to offer me one out of no where! I had a great lunch and will be back-and will definitely tell others to check it out!
4	Love the gumbo and the poBoys are spot on! I highly recommend this spot for authentic N'walin flare. Triple DDD Guy F. gave this spot high marks and I so agree. I gave it  4 stars cuz we had to wait for our food for awhile. But it was well worth it after I saw the big portions and the pasta alfredo was succulent and savory. Hmmm-Hm! Will go back for crawfish served only on Fridays and weekends. Luv our waitress with her southern accent! This place deserves another comeback y'alls!
4	Some of the best Cajun/creole food I've had in LV!  Really a hidden gem and not dirty or greasy like many of the Creole places I've been.  You should call ahead tho if it's a weekend, they have limited seating.  That Grilled bread is the bomb!
4	Missing some good ol' southern food, we decided to give this place a shot. Came here on a Friday night, and the crowd wasn't too bad. Had to wait about an hour after our reservation because diners did not want to leave their tables even after eating and I couldn't blame them. The restaurant had a great Naw'leans vibe to it and the outside bistro seating was charming. We started with the Crawpuppies and they were really good but the sauce made the dish. We ordered a pound of crawfish and a fried shrimp po'boy for dinner and was not disappointing. The crawfish was a little too spicy for my taste but they do warn you on the menu. The fiance is from Louisiana so the spicyness was perfect for her. The only reason for the one missing star was the service. Our food kept being sent to different tables that sat after us so it took a really long time to get our food. The whole dinner plus wait time took about 3 hours but it was well worth the food. Will be going again very soon.
5	Very cool little cajun place. They were featured on DDD. The cajun chicken sandwich is very good. Its not too salty or spice or too much cayenne. Its perfect amount of spice. The gumbo is delicious. They also have a roast sandwich which was picked as ddd favorite. You have to try it. Everything seems to work. If your looking for cajun food with that southern charm this is the place. They are a smaller restaurant but everything seems to work. On nice days in vegas you can sit outside and enjoy the traffic and food.
5	I can't wait to go back! We had lunch there and arrived at 11:30, we were seated in the back hallway. It was a little weird, but judging by how many people were there it must be good eats! I ordered a sample platter that is not on the menu and includes a cup of etoufee, gumbo and red beans and rice. We also ordered sweet potato fries to start. Fries arrived right away and lunch soon after. We did not have to wait long. EXCEPTIONAL! My sample platter didn't look like much but it was a whole lot of food. I could only eat about half and I can put food away. Half way through lunch, it was standing room only for seating. This little joint is amazing! As long as it stays on point, we will be regulars!
2	Gumbo sucks....bad. I was disappointed.I am from the south and eat/cook Cajun food regularly.The crawfish were salty... Not spicy.I only ate these two items... Otherwise the staff was friendly, and as I looked around I saw some very well put together plates.
3	So I was finally able to check out Lola's.  I grew up in New Orleans and still love the NOLA food, but it is hard to find good stuff out west.  I found out about this place from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on TV.  It looked good so I added it to my list.  It only took me a year to get down to Lola's, but I did finally get there!We went for lunch and were pleased by the menu.  It offered a lot of yummy NOLA specialities and things I remembered from home, especially the Po Boys.  Let me tell you, nothing beats a good shrimp Po Boy in my book, so you know I ordered that!  We also got a catfish Po Boy, because that is the second best sandwich in the world, if I do say so.Well the food came out and it was good, a little better than average, but didn't blow my socks off.  We ate everything on the plate, meaning our entire sandwich each and all of our fries, but were still a little hungry.  We didn't have time for dessert because we had a crazy 18 month old with us, so we didn't get to sample any of the desserts, which did look good, but not enough to deal with our crazy monkey.It seems that for the price we paid for the sandwiches ($12 each) that we would have been full after eating every single scrap of food on them.  I know that Lola's imports their bread and seafood from NOLA, so I am sure that is why the prices are a little higher than I would expect, especially for Downtown.  I think it would be worth it if you got an extra piece of fish on each sandwich and maybe an extra piece of yummy Gulf shrimp to make the price a little more reasonable.  We actually were talking to a neighboring table a lot and they had the same comment about the price that we had and they had order entrees like red beans and rice and gumbo.  So the food was good, but a little high for what you actually get, in my opinion.I would have given Lola's a 4 star easily, but our service was rather lackluster.  We were seated for 10 minutes before our server came over to us.  We had actually had more interaction from a server in the next section because my daughter, the crazy 18 month old mentioned above, was flirting with him and blowing him kisses.  I never get any attention from anyone unless she is around!  Anyway, if we had had him for a waiter, I think we would have had a better time, but our server was just swamped or something.  We hardly saw her and when we did, she seemed not to really care about us and just bothered with us.  I am not sure why because we are super nice and great tippers, oh well, her loss.So we will probably give Lola's another shot next time we are Downtown and hopefully we get a better server.
5	Crawfish and seafood gumbo...order it.  You can only order crawfish on Friday's too.
5	Bomb food!
5	Although they were closed, the owner let us sit and order. Just be warned, they seat  only until 8:30 even though it says they close at 9. Also, this restaurant was on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. So if you love the show as much as I do, make sure you stop in here. I had the crab cakes and they were excellent. All crab and no filler with Cajun spices and a good sear. It also comes with tons of salad and a delicious aoli/dressing. My mom had the cat fish and wouldn't share but I gotta taste of her crab cakes and they were so creamy and delicious. I could've eaten a whole plate. Although it took a while to get the food, it was totally worth it, and the service was very good. Especially since they let us in after their official last seating. We ordered the bananas foster bread pudding and the sweet potato pecan pie. Both were excellent, or so my mom says (she wouldn't share her bread pudding, too good) Make sure you stop here for dinner, much better than anything on the strip!
4	I must apologize for the words I placed here regarding the owner, let's just say that we witnessed un-pleansantries with servers and customers.  But the food is great, and I know there's a 2nd location opening in N. Town Center Dr.  Hubby and I had the chicken wings (sooooo darn tasty, borderline salty, but real good... stuff I think I'd crave if I'm pregnant ;), the bronzed catfish was UHmazing, melt in your mouth spiced goodness with equally scrumptious cheesy grits and a mushroom sauce.  I was so happy to have found a place that had charbroiled oysters (not raw, not baked, but a good in-between prep) topped with butter, lemon and a little cheese. If the oysters were larger, it would've been perfect.  And since it was my very first time to try gumbo (yes, it was), I can't really say if theirs was good.  But if they did serve a typical gumbo, I just don't think I'm a gumbo gal.  The place has a good selection of beer and wine, but I was desperately craving vodka or a light cocktail.  Wine just fills me up too fast when I'm already having a heavy meal.  The crowd also significantly thinned by 8 and 9pm.  Maybe they wanted something substantial to wash away the heavy goodness... or the disagreeable service.  Go to Lola's in a cheerful mood with cheerful friends, or order the food to go.
4	Staying in Vegas for a family vacation and wanted some good "off the strip" eating. Found Lola's on yelp and decided to try it. To start we had the hush puppies, crab dip and oysters. I could have done without the crab dip though the rest of the table devoured it :) oysters and hush puppies were delic!  For dinner I had the combo platter with greens and green beans. It was a BIG plate!! The green beans were amazing and a must try. Other folks at the table had catfish and grits (delic!) crab cake platter (awesome!) gumbo (good but my least favorite on the table) and bbque shrimp ( tasty). We tasted the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert - yeah amazing! Overall service was great and food was delicious. Definitely make reservations - we came on a Tuesday night and it was packed by 7pm. A must try if you are in the area.  For 5 people + apps + dessert + two drinks our bill was $140 before tip. Pretty darn affordable ( in my humble DC over-priced opinion ;).
4	Ate here last night.  Busy, great service, wonderful Louisiana fare.  Bread pudding is the best!
5	This place is off the hook. Definitely one of the best meals that my wife and I have ever had. If you are ever in Las Vegas this is a "MUST" place to eat. Upon arriving we were greeted nicely and seated promptly by Ryan (who is a top notch waiter in our opinion). Ryan really knows the food on the menu and answered all of our questions with a professional confident attitude and a great sense of humor. He recommended the Charbroiled Oysters as an appetizer, a Blackened Shrimp Po Boy sandwich for my wife and the Blackened Shrimp & Grits and an Abita S.O.S. beer for me (an awesome beer!). The quality of ingredients used were first rate and the preparation and flavors were as good as it gets. We finished off the meal with a Banana's Foster Bread Pudding dessert and like the rest of the meal it was incredible. We saw this place featured on Diner's, Drive-in's & Dives and it totally lived up to the hype. When we come back to Las Vegas again this will be the first place we go to eat.
5	I have been wanting to try here for a while. The location is fairly small. The food was great, My boyfriend had the gumbo and I had the fettuccine alfredo with blackened shrimp. Very yummy. We, also, split a crab cake which was delicious and one of the best I have ever had.
4	My friends decided to have a surprise party for me and two other friends all born within the same week in May.  The surprise wasn't just the birthday party surprise, but how good the food served at this restaurant!  Everyone told me "you must get the shrimp and grits..."  what do I do?  I get the Shrimp and Grits and two other dishes...haha...sharing with my friends of course!  Now I've been to New Orleans and I've have the authentic grits from the south, Grits in NOLA is still the best, but the shrimp and grits at Lola's comes PRETTY close to the grits down south!  So creamy and cheesy and perfectly paired with cajun spiced shrimp....amazing and fixed my craving for the time being!  If you are craving some shrimp and grits, Lola's is definitely the place to go to get that in Vegas!  Another memorable dish I had here were the crawfish hush puppies or they like to call it the crawpupppies!  Very good, crunchy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside.  I think I ate like 3 of those delicious bite sized pieces of fried goodness!  I wasn't a fan of the BBQ shrimp, and we also got a noodle dish that was pretty good (forgot the name). My other friend ordered the Gumbo, which tasted like gumbo.  It was good, and tasted authentic, but when it comes down to what was the best dish, The shrimp and grits won the challenge!  I'll definitely be coming back here to try other dishes on their menu real soon! =D
2	Summary:  2-star food, with 1-star service.  I'm rounding up by giving them 2 stars.  Let's review this by separating the kitchen from the waitstaff.  Note to Lola:  You were at a wine tasting, and your staff does a horrible job when you are not there.  I'm sorry for the detailed review, but I'm hoping that Lola actually sees this and responds.  Food:Drinks:  Interesting beers in bottles.  Nothing on tap.  Apps:  Crab/artichoke dip was good.  Crawfish puppies (hush puppy knock off) was not worth the money or the calories.  The salad is unimaginative and tasteless, but at least it wasn't brown lettuce.  Entree:  a pound of crawfish, ordered medium, came out with the appetizers and was cold when we wanted to eat them.  They remade them for us, but it was so spicy and salty that it was impossible to enjoy.  The crawfish are pre-cooked, instead of being cooked to order, as told to us by our server.  They had blackened salmon on the menu and tons of po' boys, so I asked if they could make me a salmon po' boy...no dice.  Apparently, no one in the restaurant was willing to "take the risk" of changing the menu while Lola was out of the restaurant.  Anyway, the blackened salmon was well-cooked, but over-seasoned.  I like spicy, but you lose the flavor with this amount of blackening spice.  I asked for a side of sweet potato fries, but I can't tell you if they taste good or not (see the service comments).  Debris po' boy was all hype, and not up to DDD (curse you Guy Fieri).  The meat was good, but the gravy was cold.  The catfish po' boy was solid.  The soft shell crab po' boy was a nice sized chunk of crab, breaded and deep-fried.  Too much breading, too much bread, too much mayo.  Total bill $150, and I'm going to make some food now that I'm home.  I'm hungry and irritated.  Service:  Ambiance:  We sat outside, so some things are harder to control, but the entire patio was blinded by the setting sun, but no employees did anything about it, even after we asked.  I had to go take one of the restaurant umbrellas from the side of the patio and position it to block the sun.  This helped enough tables that I received a large round of applause.  (We weren't the only table suffering.)  Flies all around our table too.  Servers:  Our server had little knowledge of the menu, since she was a vegetarian.  Our water glasses were never filled until the end of the meal when someone asked for some...and she only filled that one glass.  The crawfish entree for one of our group came out with appetizers, with no response from the server.  She acknowledged that they shouldn't have come out so soon, but left them there and walked off.  They took my silverware away with my salad, so I had none for my piece of salmon.  I waved politely to get someone's attention, but one waitress in particular (Beth - blonde curly hair) looked right at me on three separate occasions and walked away.  (note:  Beth was not our waitress.)  They brought me the wrong side dish (no big deal) and made me sweet potato french fries (which the waitress had recommended).  And I had asked for a side of BBQ sauce, because it is the greatest condiment in the world...The waitress asked if I wanted the house-made signature BBQ sauce or the stuff they get from a bottle...duh.  5 minutes later, the fries were still pretty hot, and I reminded the waitress for the BBQ sauce.  So 15 minutes later the fries were warm, I asked a 3rd time for the BBQ sauce.  After 35 minutes, my fries were cold and I had given up on them entirely.  My GF asked the waitress "what happened to the BBQ sauce?" and she brought me out a tiny cup of it, and told me it was "the junk from the bottle" since it takes too long to make the house-made sauce.  Oddly enough, I didn't feel like eating it.  When it was time for our check, we gave them our credit cards and waited for 15 minutes.  When no one picked up the cards to process them, I walked them in and gave them to a waiter (again, not our own).  10 minutes later, as I came back from the restroom (filthy), I saw our check and walked over and asked a waiter (again, not ours) if anyone could please run the cards so we could leave.  Finally, the end of this mess.
4	We had a craving for cajun and found this place via Yelp!  So we decided to make the 30-minute drive and check out the hype.Friendly staff!  Food was delicious!!  Price could have been a little bit better!Between my wife, daughter, & I, the bill ended up being approximately $50 (inclusive of tip) for a late afternoon lunch.  I had the po' boy oysters w/sweet potato fries.  The wife ordered the oyster platter and small cup of gumbo, while my teen daughter settled for the chicken strips w/fries.  The oysters dishes were great and they are a must order, in my opinion.  The sides were all prepared well and complimented the meals perfectly.The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the price.  I think everything we ordered was worth the price tag except for the gumbo and chicken strips.  $5 for a small cup of gumbo and $10 for some chicken strips was, in my opinion again, a bit too much.  Everything else was reasonable for the portion sizes and tasty-ness experienced.BOTTOM LINE - We'll be back for seconds; however, this can't be a regular place for us due to the cost.
5	I have been looking for a Cajun restaurant for several years and I think I found it in Lola's.  I went to lunch there with two friends and I was not disappointed.  We were seated right away and the wait staff was friendly and prompt.  I do not think I had a chance to put my empty drink glass down before I had a refill.  Very good service.I started with a Po Boy Oyster Loaf and my friends had the Bronzed Catfish and the Roast Beef Debris.  None of us came away unsatisfied.  Unfortunately, we did not have time for dessert, but I will make sure to make room for it next time!
2	Went to Lola's today for a business lunch.  I was excited to return - I'd come by when they were in their first couple of months of operation for dinner and had a wonderful time.  Today was not so hot. The food was excellent - the service? boooooooooooooooo.We were there for lunch and it was clearly busy.  But we didn't see a waiter or waitress for nearly 20 minutes after being seated.  No drinks, no menus, no nothing.  I finally saw a guy at the other end of the cozy dining room and raised my hand to get his attention.  He actually looked up, waved at me, rolled his eyes and proceeded to continue laying out silverware as if we didn't exist.  Is he related to someone there?  Only reason I can think of to have such a bad attitude at the front of the house representing your business. A few minutes later the (manager? co-owner?) came by and finally asked to take our drink orders.  I let him know about the fact that his staff had ignored us.  (eyeroll was still laying out silverware at the end of the dining room, so was easy to point out).  No apology and no acknowledgment from that guy either.  Fish rots from the head down i guess.  Fortunately, our server Emi came in and the meal went well from there.  The service was adequate but slow. Unfortunately, i won't be returning here or hosting any other business lunches here.  Poor service trumps good food every time.
4	We wanted to give this place a try, as we had seen it on triple d, and we love Creole food. We drove out from the strip ( only a couple of miles ) and had a late lunch here. It is a little place in a small strip mall, but the food is very good. The service was quick and friendly. We tried the grilled oysters for an appetizer, which were pretty good, but not quite up to the Acme Oyster House in Louisiana.The crawfish ettoffee was very good and not overly spicy. Some places haven't figured out that the key to good Creole food is the flavor of the spice, not the quantity. The fried seafood platter was good, not great. It was a little greasy, but overall was OK. For this type of food to find its way into Las Vegas, is a great change of pace to the overpriced, over hyped places in this town. If you want something different that doesn't break the bank, give this place a try.
2	What a huge dissapontment!  Ordered two Po'Boys ( grilled chicken and grilled shrimp).  The bread although soft was a bit dry and the quantity and quality of the ingredients inside are a disgrace to New Orleans cooking.  My shrimp po boy literally had 6 pieces of shrimp in it and didn't come dressed which I asked for.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing?  I bumped up the rating one star for the salad (nice fresh greens and a spicy dressing which I realy liked and the coleslaw; although I didn't think it warranted a $1 add charge.   Unfortunately Lola, I won't be coming back.  BTW- This is the second restaurant on the show DDD that I have been greatly dissapointed in.
4	Loved this place.  It was great to find this place off the strip.  Small not fancy place but everything about it is big.  Big flavors and big personality (our server was funny and just awesome).  The food was really good.  Try the broiled oysters.  My god, I just wanted to eat more and more. the entrees were good depending on what you ordered good beer and the desserts were awesome. Get the sweet potato pie.  This place is very casual.  Go if you want a no fuss restaurant with good Cajun food and great service.
5	Really good food! Fast service! I had a shrimp plate that was amazing ! And my bf got chicken Alfredo with black chicken was great also. itotally recommended
2	Let's start with the food, well it's actually pretty good, it's close to what you will actually find in the Big Easy, it's not up to the standard of some of the good New Orleans restaurants but it's pretty good.I had the BBQ shrimp, which is 5 shrimp (of a good size) on white rice with a BBQ sauce...For $16...Yeah the price is a little steep for what you get, but it was good. Now it did instantly remind me of the shrimp dish I had at Grind Brgr Bar in Palm Springs, just not as good and 3 times the price.The wife had the Shrimp and grits....Yeah she is a good southern girl...Wanna be, her Cali heritage though actually liked the dish, again 5 shrimp, grits, for $16...For dessert we went for the bread pudding, now, this is the star of the place, it's probably the best bread pudding I have eaten, period, so if you are a bread pudding lover then head over there just for that.Now you are probably wondering why only 3 stars, well, the service.....Holy crap, we could have easily walked out of the place without paying the bill, despite being seated in front of the waiter station, for whatever reason our waitress decided that we were to be ignored, I actually had to call someone over to ask if she had died....I should have guessed it was going to be this way when the busser took our drink order, told us """" would be our waitress, then after a while he took our order and delivered the food...then refill drinks, even though by this time he was actually off the clock and in street clothes ready to go home.....And the bill....Yep he dropped of the bill...In fact the only time she actually showed was to collect the bill....Now sure, wait staff can get busy, but this is a small place, you would really have to be trying for the wait staff to lose you...But she actually managed to top her no existent service act...She performed an act that is becoming a little bit of a common problem out her...The bill was $63.48, $100 bill given, change was $36.....Hold on a second, where are the coins...Yeah, for whatever reason she decided to kept the coins...This has happened a few times at other places. normally a quick "hey you shorted me on my change, but I will just take it out of your tip, grab it from the register" seems like a quick way, but how do you tip someone that hasn't done anything except pick up the bill ???Well the wife is nicer than me, let's leave it at that...But overall, good food, horrible service except for the busser (or maybe he was a waiter going off shift, not 100% sure).
5	Great restaurant and great food.We had lunch there.  The soft shell crab po'boy and oyster po'boy were excellent.  The gumbo was good also.  It's too bad that it's kinda out of the way, but we will definitely come back when we are in the Vegas area again.
2	great food just the growth of down town las Vegas has made them too small to keep up with the demand of the growing night life scene me and my wife were offered a table in there "hall" what we did not know is that it is one table in a hallway they had placed here not even a part the restaurant. If you don't have a reservation don't come!
5	We loved Lola's - and often joke that the food is good enough to merit the cost of the flight. (Probably not, but definitely one of the only places that we'll keep on our 'every time we're in Vegas' list.)His plate: Roast Beef DebrisHer plate: Chicken and Sausage JambalayaOne of the better Jambalayas I've had, made even better by the house-made jalapeno hot sauce. Not too hot, TONS of flavor. Perfectly cooked rice, excellent sausage, just plain great overall.D loved his sandwich - chosen because it's what Yelp suggested, and Guy had when he visited. Great flavor, excellent sauces.We'll be back for more!
3	Lolas- popped over here right before we saw American Idiot at the Smiths Center.Okay first GRITS are 5 stars, best grits I ever had. Service was awesome for us. Im giving Lolas 3 stars because besides the grits I thought the food was okay. I got the fried catfish platter with two sides. My sides were grits and red beans and rice. Catfish was moist and friend nicely. Red beans and rice was good too but neither was something I was wowed about. HOWEVER need i say GRITS again? GRITS GRITS GRITS. If i had only had that 5 stars. marriage proposals the whole 9 yards. I could not try the other food my friend got because Im allergic to shrimp (bummer I know- and I was not born with the allergy either it developed over time, major bummer because I used to eat shrimp a lot, now they are just tasty morsels that if i ingest will probably kill me) awesome. I will say she LOVED her dish and it was gone all too fast. So the bbq shrimp and grits a go go go go must have.Lolas- eat the grits and move on to dessert all the options looked so good.
5	I was looking for an off-strip place to take some co-workers while we were in town for a conference.  I found Lola's and was pleased with the choice.  Louisiana is my adopted home state, and I moved away 14 years ago, so I enjoyed the Abita beer and the oysters.  My shrimp and grits had some nice spice to them and the bananas foster bread pudding was a unique twist on two classics in one!  The owner, Beth, came to our table, expedited the kitchen and even arranged our shared cab back to our hotel.  She shared the story of the visit of Guy Fiery of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, and made my choice a hit with my friends.  Best overall experience in Vegas, and I ate 3 other great places.
3	Overall, good food, ok service, slightly overpriced and very loud! My husband and I went about 8pm on a Wednesday evening after a Smith Center event. The indoor and outdoor seating areas are both very small. The staff was not rude but not overly friendly either. My husband pointed out that it was almost closing time and they were probably tired but honestly they could be a lot more friendly and welcoming. Both of us love Cajun food so were excited to try the dishes. My husband had the gumbo and liked it. It was well spiced, traditional and served with rice. I had the shrimp and grits. You get five large shrimp, cooked well on a bed of grits with a sauce of sausage and mushrooms.  The gouda grits had great flavor but I was not a fan of the texture. I'm from the south and this is my favorite dish. These grits had the consistency of mashed potatoes and were almost gummy. Again, the flavor was very good I just did not like the thick heaviness of the grits. The grilled garlic bread was also just ok. Very little flavor and inconsistent preparation, some was barely warmed, others had char marks. Our waiter was generally attentive but again not very friendly. He also didn't recommend or offer suggestions for anything. The price wasn't bad but honestly have had similar quality for half the price. Due to the size of the restaurant it was also incredibly loud. I don't think we will be back.
3	I've been dying to try this place ever since I saw it featured on Diners, Dine-ins, and Dives. I am the biggest crawfish fan EVER. I'm that girl that's willing to sit at a table by herself with her little bib, hiding behind pounds and pounds of those tiny little critters. So when I saw that there was an authentic southern creole restaurant that can be found in Vegas, I went nuts. Sadly, being from the South, it didn't live much to my expectations. I ordered the shrimp & grits and it wasn't everything I hoped it to be. Grits were a little bland, but grits in general are hard to make flavorful so I'm not too hard to judge on that. But overall, the dish was just okay. However, the one thing that will have me coming back again and again, is their fried oysters. So delish. It's a must try! .. But that's pretty much it. I've also ordered the crabcakes as a side item in the past and it's not my favorite, and something I wouldn't go for again. Business still seems to do well here so there must be something I'm missing. It's a small restaurant that can get pretty crowded quickly. A waiting area for a table is pretty much non-existent. My server was quite busy and wasn't very attentive. She was also helping another large table, so I'm not too fussy about the service. I still need to come back for the crawfish, but it's only served on Fridays, so it makes it a little difficult. Hopefully I can make a 3rd attempt at Lola's before the crawfish is out of season. Once it's out of a season.. I don't think I could find a big reason to come rushing back.
2	Jambalaya was very good.  Crab cakes so- so.  Not bad.  Not great.
3	In Las Vegas for few days, we wanted to try Creole/ cajun foods from New Orleans. We found this place by reading other recommendations. The restaurant is in Downtown, about 10 min drive from South Strip. It can be tricky to locate. The restaurant welcomes its last customer by 830pm. We made our reservation for 800pm and we were almost the last customers but the place was already full. I would say that the food is OK. The dishes are very simple, no fancy thing around and on top. I would say that the price is right. Go there to enjoy a simple plate at around $16 and you do not walk out with a full belly and stomach that you can hardly walk back to your car.
4	If you're looking for authentic Louisiana cookin, then this is the place.  I'm not from there, so I can't speak from first hand experience, but those I went with and the people around me were definitely raving about how true it was to its southern roots.  Fried catfish, jambalaya, poor boy sandwiches, etc.The ambiance of the place is pretty cool too.  Pictures of the train cars in the south, mardi gras hats and masks hanging from the ceiling and a family vibe that a lot of places can't achieve.The food was excellent and the service was the same, which would typically earn 5 stars from me.  However, the AC seemed to not be working properly.  And in this Vegas heat, that is definitely something that needs to get fixed ASAP if you are gonna be running a business.  While I was sweating when I was eating my spicy jambalaya, this would have been ok, but since I was sweating while drinking my beer, that's not acceptable.  Hopefully they get the AC fixed soon so they don't sweat away their customers!
5	My wife works at World Market Center and has been raving about this place for the past year.We went there for dinner tonight.  We started with the crawfish puppies.  They were a little spicy (chili powder spicy, not hot pepper spicy).  They were very tasty and the spicy mayonnaise aioli is great.I had the shrimp and grits with sausage.  I can see why it is a Lola's favorite dish!  The grits tasted like they were made with cheese and sour cream and melted in my mouth.  The shrimp had great flavoring.  The sausage was not too rich and complimented the grits well.  I added a bit of Louisiana hot sauce and it was very delightful.My wife had the crab cake dinner (she usually gets the crab cakes when she goes to Lola's).  The crab cakes were very tasty; the spices and meat were mixed well so one did not overpower the other.Our dinners cost $13 and $16 dollarsMy wife had the Abita light and I had the Abita Amber, from Abita Springs, LA.  We are now fans of Abita beer!  Oh, and the beers only cost $4.5, not bad for a microbrew while eating out.My wife has raved about the Banana's foster for months; we skipped it tonight though to have more beer. I am a fan of Lola's; it is Tuesday night and my wife got the last table for two; the rest were reserved and that should tell you all something!
5	Food is superb and tastes exactly like New Orleans.  It almost feels like once you sit down in Lola's, you are in New Orleans.  The music and the food is authentic!  The Shrimp and Grits is a must have!!!
3	Food was great. Had the bronze catfish w/ grits and the crawpuppies. Beer menu was pretty awesome too. The girlfriend had the crabcake dinner which was just ok.  It's not one of their stronger menu items. Location is great and would recommend a reservation on a weekend evening.My only criticism is the servers were subpar to what you'd expect at a 24 hr cafe. The venue is a little spendy, so I expect some fundamentals of service from a wait staff. It's not worth getting into and doesn't reflect the quality of the food, but definitely was reflected in their tip.
5	Had a late lunch or maybe early dinner there. 2:30 and still busy.  Ordered the roast beef hoagy.  Lots of beef and good sauce.My wife had their gumbo  It was Fantastic. The main was shrimp and grits. The grits were like creamy mashed potatoes and the grilled shrimp were marinated in a great sauce and grilled.  we'll be back for that again.Really nice for them to have a gluten free menu.5 star service.
5	I keep adding to my list of places to eat in Las Vegas so we don't end up with boring, overpriced, mediocre meals. Thanks to Yelpers, we found Lola's and couldn't be happier. Our lunch was outstanding. Two of our crew had been to New Orleans a while back and still yearn for the food there. Their happy memories were revived at Lola's. Gumbo, po' boys, red beans and rice, sweet potato fries, regular fries, a beer, and the marvelous bread pudding with bananas Foster -- fantastic. Our waitress Angela couldn't have been nicer. Some website said the beef roast for a beef debris sandwich should be cooked until a hard stare makes it fall apart. This meat was as tender and tasty as ever anyone could wish. We look forward to exploring the menu further!
4	Lola and her team have created a fun comfortable and delish place to hang out and enjoy a quality tasting meal Cajun authentic foods. It was suggested to me by our server Heather that i needed to try the grits and shrimp ~ Fantastic choice. Brought family their as a group of 7 and yes the spacing was tight, but definitely manageable and fun. 7 different dishes were ordered and all of them received excellent reviews from my group. Staff has always been accommodating and nice every time i go...i keep going back.It is a must for locals and visitors alike.
1	Lola's was featured on Diners, Dive-in, and Dives therefore it was a no brainier to stop in. The place is whether small, so the wait was long. I asked the hostess could my party order drinks while waiting. She, rudely uttered, "one of you can go to the bar". No worries, I thought, as she appeared to be busy with nothing. The night hit a downward spiral from then on. We were offered seats from the hostess, but never seated three times. Once we were seated the bad service continued with our server who never brought anything back we requested. To top it all off, we were chased down in the parking lot asking if we paid out bill. Embarrassing!!!! Needless to say, I will never be eating there again. The food was sub par, the portion sides were unacceptable, and the price didn't match our return. I wish I could offer negative stars!!
4	Catfish & Grits and Abita beer. Wow! I love red beans and rice but wasn't impressed too much with theirs, it was a little bland. I will try again. The grilled oysters was very good as well.
5	Went here for dinner with some Canadian friends visiting from Toronto.  Turned out the place was packed!!  Food was delicious - ordered shrimp and grits, gumbo, jambalaya, and a creole dish.   The CrawFish were the last day in season and were awesome.  Hard to believe I used to catch and use those critters as fish bait for large mouth bass.    Overall delicious!!   Would recommend and return for sure.
5	Bananas foster bread pudding was too much after I licked the bowl from my catfish and grits. If you don't leave the strip and try Lola's it doesn't matter how much you win you're leaving Vegas a loser!
3	Alright, so honestly, I hate it when my "expectation" exceed its limits. What I mean is, i thought this is a killer "to die" for restaurant and got super excited along with the crew I had with me. wifey only*** DDD the TV show A.K.A. Guy F. ate there and had a whole episode about how great this place is and how good it taste. Well, its "Okay" and I always use "okay" when I can confirm it with the following statement answer: "Will I go back there and eat again? (No) therefore, its okay.  We ordered lots of food, i.e. wings, crab pops and for the main dish we got their famous Grid with shrimp and the wife got the smocked cat fish sandwich. The taste was there but nothing to make you say "WOW" per se. I guess am a WOW dude and I like my wow expression to come out when I eat. Oh yea the place gave me a phobic reaction due to its "small" size. I mean there are maybe 8-10 tables only! its super small so call ahead and make sure they can fit you in and I mean literally "fit you in" am a big guy and I felt like my back left love handle was touching another dude's leg. So ya' it wasn't comfortable nor fun. oh for those who don't know what a "love handles" are, its our belly. Big guys give these things nick names... (= Cheers
4	I don't know why it took us so long to finally get here.  I typically flock to any joint on Triple D but I guess I just don't make it near the Strip too often.  Came with my wife and baby, and although dinning area is small, we sat comfortably.  Staff was especially friendly and the owner walked around greeting tables. These are the things that impress my wife.  As for me, it's the food that really matters!  Lola's does Creole right and then some.  From hush puppies to soft shell crab to jambalaya, you can't go wrong.  I will point out that I've never lived in LA so my opinion is that of a Nawlins tourist.  But I know what my taste buds like, and they tell me I need to go back to Lola's again sometime soon!
5	Yummy food, cold brew, excellent service every time we've been. We have tried nearly everything on the menu, have not had a bad meal...
4	Very good Cajun Food...
3	Ok, I admit it - I got sucked into the DD&D's hype over this place.  I bought into the pizzazz and popularity, just like Chris Humphries did with Kim, and had my own whirlwind romance - his lasted 72 days, mine lasted about 7.2 minutes.  But I think my romance ended a little better than his - glad I tried Lola's, it was good, but it didn't blow me away.The gumbo was fine, but lacking a kick or any real distinguishing characteristics.  There's a place in Chicago that I grew up going to that does it so much better, so it was tough to not draw comparisons.I got the shrimp & grits based on the waitress's recommendation of that item being "what keeps the locals coming back."  Please note that I am in no way a connoisseur of grits, but these were way too cheesy and smooth for me - almost liquified, and completely overpowering with cheese.  But the gravy that included mushrooms & andouille sausage was good, as was the shrimp.My dad had the fried chicken po' boy, and we found it to be boring - there was barely any chicken or sauce on it, and so it just felt sad and not Louisiana at all.  But his french fries were good.  My mom went with the jambalaya, which came out way too thick, like the consistency of the filling for chiles rellenos or shepherd's pie.  It did have a little kick of spice to it which was nice, but the rice was so so overcooked. Everything came out lickety-split, so if you're in a hurry you'd have no problem here.  If you've been to New Orleans and enjoyed the food, this doesn't feel like a true substitution for the real thing, but it's reminiscent enough to make you want to plan another vacation back to NOLA.
4	I think one would be advised to make a reservation; though it's worth the wait if you don't.  jambalaya is spectabulous; wings are spectabulous; come to think of it, everything I've sampled here is spectabulous.  Story is that Lola relocated  from Louisiana during or after hurricane Katrina, and to our great benefit, remains in Vegas.  Another must visit whenever i'm in Vegas.
4	I use an app called TV Food Maps and keep finding gems like Lola's.  I always want to go to the places where the food network goes, and Lola's was on Triple D.  We were not disappointed! Great authentic NOLA food! Hubby had gumbo, blackened catfish and grits, and I had the blackened catfish po boy sandwich. Everything was packed with flavor and so good! But, there were two standouts in our meal.... The crab and artichoke appetizer is like cheesy heaven crack.....and the bananas foster bread pudding is a crunchy, sugary, awesome ice creamy bread dream.  We stuffed ourselves silly, and happily so!
5	I love this place! great food and REAL southern cooking.
5	Some friends and I went to Lola's this weekend. This same group of friends traveled to NOLA a couple of years ago. When we heard about this place we had to give it a try. This place is very small (like it would be in NOLA) and the employees are very friendly. As soon as we walked up we were greeted by a very nice hostess. She didn't have a table for us, but offered us but was very attentive while we waited. I took advantage of the opportunity to enjoy an Abita Strawberry while we waited. Once we got our table we ordered the gumbo and the crab dip for appetizers. Both selections were good. I should have asked for some file for my gumbo, but it was good. The crab dip was delicious. Main course I had the jambalaya with shrimp and extra sausage on the waitress's suggestion. Full of that NOLA love I was looking for. We split the bread putting for good measure. It took a while to get a cab from here on a busy day, but no worries we just went ahead and ordered up some more Abitas chatted with the staff and let the good times roll. I'll definitely be visiting again. They have plans for a second location in the near future. Keep up the good work.
5	Crab cakes and jambalaya and sweet potato pecan pie! First place we come to in Las Vegas.
5	amazing Jumbalaya
4	Saw this place on triple d finally got around to trying it. This place was really good. Having been to New Orleans this place is as close to being there as you can get. When you first walk in you can tell its a New Orleans place with all of the saint pictures every where. I had the crawfish corn balls which were excellent. Next I had the fried shrimp po-boy which the bread is from the famous bakery from New Orleans which is a must have. Last but not least I had the pecan sweet potato pie which I really enjoyed. If you love Cajun food like I do give this place a try.
3	On a scale of never again to I've gotta have it, I give it an ehhh. A friend had suggested trying Lola's some time ago, but we went in another direction. After having visited my hometown in SC, I was craving some southern goodness and after searching on Urbanspoon, we picked Lola's. I didn't realize it had been featured on DD&D until I read the reviews on Yelp. Lola's is quaint. The restaurant has about 10-15 tables. It's best to get there before 6 if you want to minimize the wait time. When all my friends arrived we ordered. I ordered the jambalaya. It was really flavorful and tasty. The only problem is that the rice was so over cooked and mushy, it resembled something you would spread between bricks, not put on plate. Again it was very tasty, yet mushy or "moggy" in the words of my southern mother. A friend ordered the read beans and rice of which I had to sample. I've eaten rice with every kind of bean imaginable so I figured this would be good. I mean how can you go wrong with rice and beans. Well Lola's was utterly FLAVORLESS!!! No taste whatsoever. Could I come back? I guess, but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice. Side note: unless I missed it, beignets were missing from the menu. What Louisiana, creole/Cajun restaurant doesn't have beignets on the menu?
5	Where do I begin-Last evening 10/3/13 a group of us had dinner at Lola's on Charleston Blvd here in Las Vegas.  My thanks go out to Lola, Hank and our server Lisa for giving me and us a wonderful dining experience.  This group I belong to randomly pick restaurants here in the valley that have good pricing, great environment and not chain restaurants each month.When I walked in the door ONE HOUR EARLY, Hank welcomed me, I sat at the bar and had a cup of their delicious GUMBO.  Once my other dinner friends came, LISA explained in detail the favorites of the house.  The camaraderie of friends, great food and excellent servicewill remain  in my mind as one of the best dining experiences Ive had here in LV since arriving 3 years ago from the BAY AREA.  at the end of the meal we took a group picture with LOLA.  Once more I want to thank Hank, Lisa and Lola for such a wonderful dining experience.
4	So nice to get off the strip and try something different while visiting Las Vegas!  Stopped by for a late, light lunch on a Thursday.  The service was friendly and attentive.  Sitting outside was nice.  The gumbo was dandy as was the crab cake. Hubby loved the fries but I like them crispy-er so I had to hunt for the little crunchy ones.  Great flavor, though.  Bill for the foregoing with a VooDoo ale and 2 glasses of house chardonnay came to $35.  Don't know if I'd make a special trip to come here but it's certainly worth it if you are in the area.
5	This is a hidden gem for sure! Service was great and the food was AMAZING! I had the fried oysters and they were cooked perfectly! I am upset because I didn't know about this place sooner but I thank my coworkers for introducing it to me! Are you looking for some southern comfort food that is out of this world? Then you need to hurry and try this restaurant!
5	We have eaten here quite a few times, every time its great. I always feel like im back in new orleans, great comfortable atmosphere. I also appreciate the availability of both crystal and louisiana brand hot sauces, for the purists. Order anything, you wont be disappointed. The poboys are perfect, sweet potato fries are yummy, shrimp and grits is legit, jambalaya is as authentic as any I have ever had, crawpuppies are a must try. If you come on a friday or saturday do yourself a favor and make a reservation. Dont forget to save room for bread pudding, the bananas fosters bread pudding is ridiculous!Pro tip: the crawpuppies come with a yummy cajun mayo, save it for dipping your fries if you happen to order a poboy!
4	I had lunch here today with a buddy. The vibe is really nice.  Service was snappy but it seemed to take a while for our po'boy sandwiches to come out from the kitchen. I had the roast beef debrees. It was super tasty and the fries were perfect. Cooked long enough but not too long and perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend this place. Very good food at reasonable prices.
4	We tried this place because it was a DDD destination. My husband tried the Po boy roast beef sandwich cause it was the featured item, he was not disappointed! Very delicious and the sweet potato fries were amazing. Our icing on the cake was the bread pudding! oMG!!! We highly recommend Lola's!!
5	Great hole in the wall place. The food was great and I will mos def go back again. And Lola was an awesome host. If you are looking for a good place to eat that is off the strip go to Lola's. Yum Yum.
3	We came in at about 8pm and it was fairly busy but they got us seated quickly. They sat us on the patio but it was in a weird spot behind one of the building pillars and 2 feet away from everyone walking in/out, which was kind of disappointing. For whatever reason, it took over 10 minutes for someone to come over to us after we sat. Two waitresses were walking around serving the other tables just next to us but didn't even take our drink order.My wife doesn't eat seafood so she went with fettuccine alfredo with chicken ($14) and I got the shrimp and grits. The fettuccine was really tasty, a lot more flavor than most pasta-focused places and the chicken was delicious. It was slightly crispy on the outside and moist inside. Her plate was a pretty large portion but the shrimp and grits seemed really small for $17. Either way, it was killer! The Ghouda grits are some of the best grits I've ever had...really creamy and taste amazing with the spiciness from the rest of the plate. There are 5 decent size shrimp on top which were plump and juicy. We also went with the bananas foster for dessert which was good but a little pricey at $8.Overall, the food is really good and by itself easily deserves 4 stars...5 if it wasn't overpriced. The service was nothing special but it could have just been a bad night. We will come back, especially when crawfish seasons comes around again!
3	Stopped through on my way to Ft. Worth. The ribeye chicken fried steak was good, but the sides were very mediocre and I also felt like a terrible human after I left and almost took a chicken fried steak induced nap behind the wheel post lunch. Probably the best food option in town though...
5	This was a small, quaint establishment, but we were seated right away because we had made reservations. They had a great selections of Louisiana craft beers at a great price. For starters we had the charbroiled oysters and crab cake. The oysters were Cooked in garlic butter with lemon and Parmesan cheese. They were great with a nice piece of crusty bread. The crab cake was good, not fantastic, but tasty nonetheless. Our group had the jambalaya and the bronzed shrimp and grits. Jambalaya portion was huge and it was nice and spicy! The shrimp were fantastic, plump, flavorful, and spicy. The grits were creamy, and the Gouda cheese was a great addition. Wish we would have had the room for dessert! I' d go back in a heartbeat!
4	Nice selection of wines and beers to go with traditional New Orleans food. I had shrimp and grits and it was delicious, shrimp were large and cooked perfectly and in a rich (though a little salty for my taste) with assuage onions and mushrooms over some rich Gouda grits $16.99. Husband orders Jambalaya with chicken and sausage and paid $4 up charge to add shrimp and it was Very Good. Bread toasted on the grill comes with your meal and there are several appetizers and we saw many of them go by our table but peptide not to have any. All of the portions seems to be plenty to fill most any appetites. Our server and then manager as well as the other staff seemed to be genuine and helpful as well as friendly. It's a very all place only 45 seats so make a reservation.  It's a little loud because it's so small, and plays great Louisiana music!Also I went through 3 taxi drivers that did not know where it was so I let the last taxi driver use my GPS! Manager says they are moving in the spring to a place a little closer to main street downtown and also opening a location in Sumerland  NV (sp)It was worth the trouble getting there, Enjoy
5	This is one of the best Cajun restaurants I've ever dined. You could place this restaurant in New Orleans and it would compete with some of the best. My family and I have dined there twice, and I've sampled almost everything. The bottom line you cannot go wrong with anything you order. This restaurant was featured on Triple D and Guy hit this one out of the park.
5	1st time here. Food was excellent. Had crab cake and sizzling ham po boy. Both were great. Banana foster dessert was delicious. Definitely would come back. Only bad thing food took a little longer than expected. Not quick but worth the wait.
5	Yelp is the best.....we went here based on the reviews in Yelp. This is one of the bestest ever dining experiences we've had in Vegas.We love Cajun food...and I am a big fan of Po' Boy's .....First - I didn't see anything on the menu that I wouldn't love to eat!. I ended up having the fried oyster po' boy....it was great!!!  We will be back...and hopefully it will be sooner rather than later....mmmmm
5	Absolutely delicious! I saw this little gem on a TV show (I can't remember which one) and added it to my list of "must try's".  Lola's did not disappoint!I had the crab cake, shrimp creole, and bananas foster bread pudding.  The crab cake was very tasty, and the shrimp creole was as flavorful and authentic.  It reminded me of eating in New Orleans.  Yum! They do a remarkable job -- excellent flavors! My friend had the shrimp and grits.  I'm not a huge grits fan, but these were good.  Whatever they did to the shrimp with her dish must have been straight from heaven.  Spicy and delicious!and... the bananas foster bread pudding... that should be the picture next to the word "dessert" in the dictionary.  A sweet, tasty bowl of perfection.Good thing Vegas is only a 4 hour drive from home... I'll definitely be back to Lola's!
2	I was really looking forward to eating here due to all the hype that surrounds this place. I was pretty disappointed, not only from the food but from the service as well.Food:-Crawfishpupies: I found them really bland. Nothing more to say.-Artichoke and Crab dip: Nothing stood out from this.-Red Beans and Rice: Also very bland.-Shrimp and Grits: This was actually pretty good. I enjoyed it, but it's not a dish that would have me coming back on my own accord.-Bananas Foster Bread pudding: This was good. It wasn't what I ordered, but it was good.Service: I understand if it's your first day as a server, but you should at least have a pen and pad on you at all times if not just to take notes. But also if your short term memory is really bad, and you know it is, a pen and pad would be really helpful so that you're not constantly running back and forth several times just trying to get the drink orders right. And why not just shadow the "real server" if you're just going to be relaying everything back to her and then mess it up or forget?I also don't understand why service was so slow, especially with the speed our food came out. At the time we were the only people sitting on the patio, and it slowly started filling up, but we still had no food and we had an insane amount of empty cups on our table.I had requested a bananas foster and a bread pudding to-go and was given a bananas foster bread pudding. I told the waitress that that wasn't what I ordered and she said, well that's what I was told what you ordered (from the first day as as server kid). I asked if the check reflected the two separate items and she replied, with attitude, that no, I have to fix the check now. I was already disappointed with the service and that the food didn't live up to the hype so I just wanted to get out of there and told the waitress that I'll just take the desert that I have now and she seemed shocked and said that it'll only take 4 minutes to get what I had originally wanted. I said no thank you, I will just take this desert and maybe your other server should carry a pen and pad with him. and she replied, with an attitude again, sorry it's his first day, but have a nice weekend.
4	We've tried every place Guy Fieri has recommended in Vegas, and as far as we're concerned, he's 3/4.  The only place he got wrong was Lotus of Siam (It sucks).  This place is great.  The food is wonderful and the service is quick and attentive.  I had the Bronzed Shrimp and Grits, and my wife had the shrimp platter with the shrimp blackened.  We also had the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert.  The only criticism was Jamie said her shrimp were too salty.  I could have eaten two bowls of the grits.  It's inspired me to try to make it myself.  I don't think I'll be able to do it, but I'll give it a go.
5	I love love love this place. The food is fantastic and flavorful, and the atmosphere is festive. Just make sure to make a reservation because its popular and small.
5	I made a same day late reservation on a Friday night and was able to get seated almost immediately. I thought the servers were very friendly and helpful and they knew their menu and because of that they made knowledgeable recommendations. Now on to the food! The food was amazing! I had the D'brees Poboy which was sooo mouthwatering good, the sandwich was roast beef smothered in gravy on a French roll,mayo,lettuce and onions. The sandwich was so savory and you can see the chef really takes pride in the tradition of the Poboy. The sandwich came with French fries which were made fresh from hand cut potatoes which just adds to the comfort the food envokes. My wife got the Gouda Grits which I think we're a ! I highly highly recommend you get them. I had never had grits before trying these so I had no preconceptions however after trying them I'm ruined for anyone else's grits. My wife also got the combo plater which consisted of shrimp, oysters, cat fish filets and crab cakes and two sides, she choose green beans and the Gouda grits I mentioned before. And in just one word the combo was phenomenal. The food was great, the staff great, the vibe friendly, the atmosphere casual.
4	We found this place on DDD when coming into Vegas for a couple of days and it did not disappoint. We called to make a reservation but then forgot that there was a time change and we were going to be an hour early. The hostess, Madison, was so accommodating and sat us right when we got there. I recommend getting the crab cakes and the craw puppies for an appetizer because they were to die for. The crab cake was full of crab and had a fantastic lemon aoli on top of it. For the entre I would recommend getting the shrimp and grits which was spicy and fully of flavor. For dessert we got the bread pudding which wasn't too soft or too firm, and had a great brown sugar topping on it. If your are looking for a place decently priced off the strip I would go here. Lola was even there helping out with drinks  and came over to our table to male sure we enjoyed everything.
4	This spot is must visit if your in vegas.  It's close to downtown and the strip of Charleston.   Reservations are encouraged.  Loved the service that we received even though we arrived 40min before close.  Food is delicous.  Will be back again.
5	Decided to get away from the strip for dinner, and this was totally worth it. I had the shrimp and grits. Ah-mazing. Just the right amount of kick. My husband had the the beef po'boy. He couldn't even finish it, and he's a healthy eater. He said it had just the right level of seasoning ...went really well with his Newcastle. Service was terrific. Friendly and efficient - couldn't ask for anything more. We'll definitely be back the next time we are in town.
5	My wife and I went with two other couples. Had reservations which is a must. AMAZING experience. Food was unbelievable. Peel and eat shrimp, crab cake, craw puppies, jambalaya, catfish, it was all so good. We finished with desert. Chocolate cake was nothing to write home about but everyone loved the bread pudding, both standard and bananas foster bread pudding. Will come back for sure.
4	Great Cajun food off the strip.  The main entree was very good...I had the bronze catfish and with Gouda grits. My partner had the soft shell crab po-boy...amazing!  The crawpuppies were small...skip it.  The gumbo was good but not amazing.  The service was good and friendly.  There's plenty of parking.  This isn't a big place, but not small either as you can sit outside.  The pumpkin bread pudding was awesome!  You won't find better food in "The Quarter".  We sat at the bar and got a flavor for the staff.  There's 2 TV's here.  It was on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives".
2	Came here expecting wonderful food.  ordered the Jambalaya and was so disappointed.  It was a pile of gummy rice with a few pieces of sausage and about two small chunks of chicken.  The dish was so salty I couldn't eat it.
4	Fantastic hole in the wall place.  Grilled oysters are very good. .. shrimp and grits were fantastic. .. Chef Hans has a great thing going here. Don't miss it!!
5	The wife and I went there today, again.  Everything was great as usual.  Great service, friendly staff, etc., but we go there for the food.  Another great meal.  The gumbo, shrimp, and gouda grits cannot be beat.  The catfish, oysters, and crab cakes are top notch. It is a bit of a drive for us, but it is well worth it.  If you love New Orleans style, cajun, creole food, then you owe it to yourself to go and check it out.  We have not had a bad meal there.  Try a fried shrimp/oyster poor boy, not on the menu, but they will gladly make.
5	Gotta get their signature dish, catfish and grits. The fish was a little too spicy for my liking but hey it's Cajun food, so can't complain. The grits were soooo good with Gouda cheese in them. Service was very friendly and quick. One downside is that the actual restaurant is a little small for how popular this place is. But in the end it kinda adds to the atmosphere, especially on a weekend evening. You gotta go!!
5	My two favorite restaurants in the world are Alfredo's in Rome and Commanders Palace in New Orleans.  Sadly, Commander's Palace recently closed.  Thankfully, I discovered Lola's!  Amazing Cajun food.  The catfish and grits is the absolute best I've ever had anywhere. The staff is great and you just can't find better food in Vegas.  Way to go Lola!
4	What a wonderful find thanks to Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives! It is close to the casinos in old downtown Vegas so if you're staying on the Strip, I highly recommend a stop at Lola's on the way to Freemont Street if you want to explore downtown.I enjoyed my Roast Beef Po' Boy. My friends raved about their Catfish and Grits and their Shrimp and Grits. Fantastic selection of Abita beers from Louisiana. The only knock on them is that the parking situation was confusing...everything else was better than we expected.
4	Who Dat? It's Lola's.  This is a must-visit for any New Oreans-o-phile living on the west coast.   Once again, the excellent chef's in Vegas prove the best food is off strip.  You'll feel like you're on bourbon street minus the the drunks and topless spring breakers.   Their food is outstanding and the family who owns the place is very hospitable.
5	Literally the best thing I have ate since I moved to vegas got the bronzed catfish and grits omg this is what southern food dreams are made of
3	I've been a big fan of Lola's for a while now, always had great food and a great experience until last Saturday night. My wife and I decided on Lola's for our 25th anniversary. The food was fantastic, we started with a cup of Gumbo, followed with Crawfish Etouffe and Blacked Salmon, and finished with Chocolate cake. The service was good, even though the place was packed, with Lola serving many of our dishes herself. Did I mention the place was packed? Since I've been there last they appear to have doubled the number of tables, but not the size of the restaurant. I was literally inches away from the very loud parties next to me on either side. We could barely have a conversation. The food here is fantastic, but the atmosphere is declining rapidly, they either need to expand, or have fewer tables. If not I doubt that this will remain one of my favorites, maybe just for a quick lunch.
4	It's a pretty small restaurant, however it is very good. The atmosphere is fun and the food is all delicious. My party had to wait a little to get seated, but that's only to be expected. We were a party of eight. Try the craw puppies!
5	Best Cajun food west of Louisiana!!!!!!  And they serve Abita beer.  Portions and service were great.   You definitely have to try the crab and artichoke dip.  Way more crab than I would have ever expected.
4	Divine! Thank you Lola for a helluva meal. The service was wonderful. The food was even better than we expected. And the fig dessert -- Wow -- what a delicious ending to a true southern meal. We'll be back so thank you to the entire staff/family.
4	This place was featured on Diners Drive Ins and Dives... and as a Food Network fanatic, I was so excited to try this place!  The food here is delicious!  I've never been to New Orleans (hopefully someday soon), but the gumbo I had was so tasty with just enough spice.  And I ordered Oysters... they were kind of like Oysters Rockefeller.  The oysters were delicious too but that's where I had to minus one star. They were actually the smallest oysters I have ever seen/ate in my life.  Teeny tiny little morsels.  But nonetheless, the flavor on the oysters were delicious!  The people seated next to us said to try the Po Boy... they looked good for sure!  Perhaps next time.
5	If you want great New Orleans Style food at a great price off the Vegas Strip, this is a must. The place is near Fremont in quaint Bourbon St. like place playing Zydeco music. The Cajun cuisine is probably better than even Bourbon St. in New Orleans! The Gumbo appetizer was almost a meal with generous portions of shrimp. The Red Beans and Rice was huge and had plenty of sausage.  Staff were excellent and very friendly. I will definitely include this in my next visit.
4	I can't say that I'm a connoisseur of Southern food, so I don't really know how this compares to other Southern restaurants.  But, I thought the food, in general, was good.  I ordered the gumbo and the grits -- both were very good.  The banana fosters, which they're apparently known for, was pretty good, but not anything to write home about.  The gingerbread bread pudding (seasonal special) was excellent.  Good restaurant to go to with a small group of friends.
4	Good cajun food. The place is small and gets packed for lunch and dinner. The wait is worth it. The bar is tiny and  not real functional. However their selection of Abita beer from Louisiana is outstanding. Always try the seasonal. The gumbo is and etouffe is good. I had the half shrimp and half crawfish. The crab cake was ok. It was seasoned well but I prefer lump meat crab cakes. The breading here was too much for me.
5	We have been to Lola's twice in the last week. I celebrated my birthday on the second visit. It was so good I had to come back. If you go you must try the shrimp and grits. Our favorite desert was the bananas foster bread pudding combo. So yummy.
3	I don't care for the dinning area because it's so small and cramped.  I felt claustrophobic.  I had the BBQ Shrimp which was so delicious, I wanted more.  My second visit there was a 30 minute wait so I decided to order take out the next day.  I had the shrimp and grits.  This dish was not listed as spicy but it is very spicy and flavorful.  Again the shrimp was cooked perfectly and left me wanting more.  I'm sorry but the grits are just nasty.  I believe they put gouda cheese in them and that's all I tasted.  I couldn't eat them, just not my thing.  My friend had the catfish and grits.  She was disappointed because it was a few pieces of catfish nuggets.  The beans and rice was also good.  Everything had sausage in it so keep that in mind if you don't eat pork.  The meal came with bread but it was burnt, I don't like how they make it.  Also had crab cake which was just okay, I've had way better.  I'll definitely be back to try some of the other dishes when I can afford to.  I believe some of things on the menu are way over priced.
4	We went here for my birthday, and it was a great choice. There aren't many true Louisiana-style restaurants in Las Vegas, but this one sure fits the bill.Friends had recommended that we make a reservation, and we're glad we did. We asked for a table along the wall, which we got. Otherwise, we might have been stuck in the middle, which is a long row of closely placed single tables that almost looks like community seating. We've heard Lola's was super loud, but it was fine for us --  maybe because it was Thursday night, or maybe we just got lucky.We started off splitting a crab cake and six char-broiled oysters. These were both so good that I wish we would have doubled the order. For his entree, my husband ordered the Shrimp Charlotte, which was marked on the menu as one of "Lola's favorites." Although the shrimp was fine, my husband wasn't too impressed with the angel hair pasta. I was really pleased with my entree, the bronzed catfish and grits. The fish was served in small pieces atop cheesy gouda grits and bits of andouille sausage. This dish was spicy but delicious, and I would definitely order it again! Since it was a special occasion, we ordered the bananas foster bread pudding to split, and although I am not a picky eater, I actually sent it back. From the menu description, I was expecting bread pudding with sliced bananas on top, but the bananas were mixed into the bread pudding and were pretty indiscernible. The waitress graciously swapped this out with the traditional bread pudding, which was much better. But I think they missed the boat on my original order. Maybe next time I'll order the bananas foster and pour them over the bread pudding myself! (Or maybe they should add this to the menu as an option. I bet it would be a hit.)A good selection of Abita beers and great service made up for the small shortcomings on the menu, and we'll definitely be back so my husband can try another entree selection. I think I'll stick with the bronzed catfish and grits.
5	The Banana Fosters Bread Pudding is AWESOME!!!! The owners and servers were the best!!!
4	Great food! I tried the Bronzed Shrimp and Gouda Grits and it was excellent! I went on a Monday night and it was crowded. If you have to wait it is worth it. Lola was greeting and seating guests. Everyone was very friendly.  I'm definitely going back.
5	So we sit down and look at the menu. I think "S**t, the oysters are cooked! What kind of s**t is that?"  I'll tell you what kind of s**t it is... Good s**t!  They're absolutely delicious. Roasted on the grill with pecorino and lemon. Then you smear it on grilled bread (kinda reminds me of escargot). Then my po boy came. I got the roast beef. Absolutely delicious. I think it's because of the gravy. Anyway. I'm definitely coming back.
2	Came here after doing a google search of Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives for Las Vegas...  I've been craving cajun food, specifically jambalaya, so opted to try here.A Small divey restaurant with the interior adorned with lots of New Orleans memorabilia--paintings, ornaments, New Orleans Saints items, etc...  Along with the dim lighting, put me back in time to a setting in Louisiana...Service was fantastic.  The outgoing server helped me think aloud with my decision on what to order.  The pic of the crabcake looked interesting, but I didn't think I could finish it along with my entree.  I discussed their Po Boy which was featured on Triple D, but I had been craving good jambalaya for a long time.  Sooo ultimately, I went with jambalaya.Big mistake.The rice in the jambalaya was extremely mushy.  Killed the whole dish.  Obviously not freshly cooked and sitting in a huge pot of sauce for hours.  And where was the chicken and sausage?  Sparsely added... Why not 3 stars instead of 2?  Mushy riced jambalaya should never be served if you are charging people money to eat it...  Just my 2 cents...
3	Really good spice level.  Awesome shrimp plates.  Pretty mundane po'boys.  Overly charred bread.  Incredible bread pudding.Cramped indoor seating but still good eats.  Don't go here if you're vegetarian.
4	Triple D Stamped. Fried Oysters reeled me in. My aunt suggested this place and a fried oyster po'boy sounded good to me! Bun- super soft, lots of fried yumminess. I split a sandwich with my mom so i could have room for their famous bananas' fosters bread pudding. as i write this review, i just fcking realized that i didn't get their famous banana fosters BREAD PUDDING, but their plain banana's fosters. I guess i was still suffering from the 8 hour traffic jam we were stuck in earlier and maybe a bit hypnotized by the cutie server we had, but yeah, i ended up with a dessert i didn't order. I didn't love it either, but i'm sure i would have loved their bread pudding version Damn it!!! I guess i'll have to make my way back to get that dessert one day!
4	Every time I come here, and it is with regular frequency, I can't help but want to start carrying around a hanky to dab away the southern heat and take on a nice southern  accent to go along with it.  This place brings up all sorts of wonderful imagery - everything about New Orleans life is rich and full of flavor and this restaurant plays into that.It's located downtown - right near Charleston and Main St.  This is perfect for First Friday art scene goers, and it usually serves as my go-to spot for pre-festivty dinner.  This last Friday I ordered the Gumbo and the Shrimp and Grits.  I can say that the Gumbo was fairly average.  But I can't take that away from the restaurants score because the Shrimp and Grits absolutely beat everything I'd had in the last month.  They were buttery.  They were cheesey.  They melted and they spiced.  And it was the sort of food that makes you take a double because it was just that beautiful.  A dish of dishes - I will order this every time and be thankful.My niece also ordered the Fried Chicken and couldn't finish it because of the large portions (which meant it was mine for the taking!).  It was clean chicken breast fried up to brilliance, and I was very satisfied with it.  Everyone at the table gave the dishes a try, almost family style, and we all left happy and full.I'm still not from New Orleans, nor do I have a cool accent.  But for a while, sitting in this joint, I almost feel like I fit in.  And I'm certain fed like it.
5	If you don't know where this place is, it can be very easy to miss.  The owner is actually from NOLA...she proudly displays her Saint's gear in the restaurant.  The food and the staff truly brings me back to NOLA.  The etouffee and jambalaya are delicious.
2	Saw this place on Triple D.My expectations were way to high for this place. The service was terrible. It took our waiter 10 minutes to get our water. We didn't get our bread and crab cake another 20 minutes. We didn't get our entree food until about 1 hour after ordering. Other people got their food way faster than we got our food and we were there before them. We were really ready to walk out on this place. If it weren't for my partner suggesting to stay I would've walked out. The food was mediocre. The Shrimp and Grits was "okay." nothing I would eat again. The grits were very gummy and gritty. The Shrimp was good and very well seasoned.  Pauls Jambalaya tasted good. Nothing we'd order again. I don't think we'll be coming here anytime soon. But then again our service was terrible so maybe I am judging the food to hard.
1	Just not very good. I told them the po boy didn't taste right and the didn't seem to care.
5	Never having a po boy wasn't quite sure what to expect, of the sandwich or the restaurant. Was pleasantly surprised when walked into the restaurant. Looked very nice and well appointed with a theme from down south. The waitresses here I found to be top notch and very attentive. Had the po boy, or however it's spelled, that was featured on DDD and it has a very good flavor and the meat was tender. Maybe it was me but expected little more flavor.  Was GREAT for what I got, and the service.It is a little on the pricey side so make sure to bring a little extra.
5	Best creole in Vegas.  It took me back to New Orleans. I wanted to slam a hurricane when I was done feasting on the jumbalia and shrimp. Mmm. Small place always busy but plenty of room. A little pricey.
5	The best tasting cajun food I've ever tasted! It was so easy to find and they have just obtained a loyal customer for life.
2	I tried all the dishes yelp said to order and couldn't finish anything. Everything was too salty to consume.  I gave them two stars because the dessert on the other hand was great. I make back once just to have dessert but probably would never come back again.
2	Last year the food was great 4 star But this year ordered bronze catfish, and what was served was floating in a greasy sauce,  looked like blackened catfish . sent backThe Po Boy (soft shell crab) was very saltyNew chef? I hope this changes it was a great little restaurant
2	Last year went to Lola's and had bronzed catfish wit cheesy grits. I licked the plate clean! This year, same dish---catfish was not bronzed. It was blackened and not the 2 fillets like year. Could not even get to the grits due to the grease slick- about 1/4" thick. So sad!
2	Just to get to the point, ....First time to Lola's, the food was ok... Our server was dual, didn't seen to want to give us any extra time in answering our questions, fake smile and made me feel like she was not happy to be of service.  The bus boys were nice and attentive.  The server ruined the whole experience.
3	Was not impressed. We got there and the owner is out front smoking. Tacky. However, the staff were very pleasant and playful. Enjoyed that. We ordered the hot artichoke and crab dip.  Pure oil and cheese. No flavor whatsoever. I topped it with Louisina hot sauce and that made it better. I ordered the salmon and my two sides were red beans and rice, as well as the greens with bacon. Both were under seasoned and bland. The rice was overcooked and loaded with water. The greens were soggy and absolutely had no flavor. The blackened salmon had an amazing Cajun rub, but was overcooked and dry. I've been to New Orleans and I hear the owner is from there .... so why is there no QA?  Someone needs to watch how this food is made and improve the dishes. Maybe it's a local thing and they take the spice out because most tourists are boring and don't like that kind of fare.  However, the cheese grits were amazing!!!!!  I didn't taste or see any "Holy Trinity" in this place. It's an easy 3 ingredient with onions, bell peppers and celery. To make it even better add garlic, shallots and parsley. It makes any dish amazing. I'm a southern food obsessed foodie and it was bummed that it didn't live up to it's name. Sorry Guy Fieri, next time I'll try a Po Boy.
5	Best shrimp and grits as well as cat fish and grits. Those are my favorites. The grits are smoked Gouda and the poor a spicy onion and sausage ragu  over it. For desert, gotta have the bread pudding. We go almost every first Friday. Sit outside and listen to the blues band or inside in an extremely tightly packed space and make friends with your neighbor. Yes, that close.
5	Okay . . . I'll be honest . . . almost missed this place . . . it is tucked in between businesses that had I not looked at the right time I would have missed it.  Upon entering . . . I was greeted promptly . . . and chose to seat at the small bar as to not take up a whole table for my party of one.I asked the waitress what she would recommend . . . and she point out a few choices that were diners favorites . . . and I forgot to mention were featured on Triple D.  And sure enough after she told me that . . . I noticed the picture of Guy on the wall.Anyways . . . I ordered the crab cake and a fried oyster po-boy . . . the crab cake was full of crab and had this great sauce the was so tasty that I finished the bed of green the cake was sitting on since it was covered with this delightful sauce . . . the po-boy was also very good, crispy oysters a nice roll and again a wonderful sauce.To say I am now a fan would be an understatement . . . I made reservations for tomorrow . . . this place could not wait for a return trip to Las Vegas.
4	This popular New Orleans inspired restaurant has been calling me for 3 years. Finally I navigated into the Holsom shopping center for a taste.  Apparently everyone likes this place too as there was no immediate parking.  After 10 minutes of parking lot stalking I found a spot and went inside.  The dining room is small and jam packed with tables. It actually reminded me of some of the places I sampled ages ago when I was in New Orleans.  The menu has po' boy sandwiches, gumbo, creole, remoulade, catfish and more NOLA favorites.  The restaurant has been featured on Diner's Drive ins and Dives and the owner comes from New Orleans.  The wait staff was excellent.  Although they seemed like they were running around like a chicken with its head cut off, they all took time to ask how I was doing.  My waitress suggested the Bronzed Catfish and grits and I took the bait.  Due to the crowd, the wait for my meal was longer than I would have liked for lunch and I received several apologies from the waitress and the manager.  When the meal came, it was truly worth the wait.  The grits had absorbed the flavor of the well cooked catfish and the gouda/mushroom mixture.  The catfish was well seasoned with a light coating that didn't overpower the fish. The bread was an afterthought and did not add anything to the meal but did assist in cleaning the last bites of grits off the plate.I would have liked it to have more of a cajun kick and will definitely try a spicier option the next trip out.I only have one New Orleans experience and it was in the early 90's so I am not an expert on New Orleans cuisine by any means but I can say I enjoyed Lolas and will return soon.  For lunch you can expect to pay between $9.00 for the least expensive Po'boy to $16.00 for the catfish and grits.
5	Just got back from Mardi Gras in New Orleans earlier this month and was looking for a cajun food fix. I had read the good reviews of this place prior to my trip but put off trying them out since I was heading to heart of all things cajun. So, after having some down right amazing food in New Orleans and then eating at Lola's in Vegas, I must say they did not disappoint! We ordered a few items including the blackened catfish and crawfish of course. If you've never had crawfish, your waitress will be glad to demonstrate to you how it's done!The location itself is a hole-in-the-wall joint for sure, sitting right next to the I-15 in an old plaza. There are limited seats so if you're there the weekend there may be a wait. We came at dinner time and sat outside at a cute little table next to some string lights to set the mood. Very cute ambiance, great for a date night.Will def be going back to try some po-boys!
5	Our family loved everything we had: Shrimp Charlotte, Roast Beef po-boy, Blackened Shrimp po-boy, red beans and rice, bananas foster, Louisiana choc cake. I can't wait to go back!Update: We returned to Lola's 3 months later and loved it just as much as the first time. Add Shrimp Creole and Shrimp and Grits to the list of delicious fare.
5	Dem folks over at Lola's know some fine grub. Fust, we making some gumbo. Whut in tarnation's dat? Dis got chicken, okra, shrimp and sausage. Dis New Awlins gumbo ain't Campbell's soup gumbo, no dawlin. Lola's gumbo has flavor. Yessuhsum, ya can dip the bread in it, and wooo-weee, dis fine. Sum says you gits to have some seafood if you're from New Awlins. So we gits the charbroiled oysters and Bronzed Shrimp with Gouda Grits. Dem oyster an' shrimp gots flava. Mah boo an' ah wantin' sumpin sweet, so we gets the banana foster bread puddin'. Puddin' for mah puddin'. It's yummah. Eff' ya' like Louisiana grub, then ya'll like Lola's. Promise dem don't talk like dat dere.
5	When my father was in town we decided to pay homage to my hometown state of Louisiana and with the crisp, chilly weather ghosts of Gumbo past had me cravin' cajun. I've had Lola's bookmarked for a long time and based on Yelp reviews, it seemed legit. Walking in, I noticed a stack of King Cakes and Louisiana paraphernalia decorated the walls (beads, fleur de lys, Bourbon Street signs, and Saints flags). I felt like I had stepped into a restaurant in the French Quarter, it was small and quaint. Recommendations are strongly recommend. My father and I lucked out and were seated at a hi-top table near the bar. Our server came over and greeted us with a smile and warm, "Hey y'all! What can I get you to drink while y'all are lookin' over the menu?" authentic accent and all. (Seriously, it's a portal to Louisiana and Southern hospitality.) I ordered a sweet tea (which is SO hard to find West of the Mississippi - besides Texas) and our drinks were ordered promptly arrived with warm, freshly buttered and flashed grilled bread. We both ordered a cup of Gumbo and we're still narrowing down our choices.The Gumbo arrived with lightning speed & was on point. It was thick (a lot of people think it's a soup, but it's very much like a stew) and filled with chunks (not bits) of Andouille sausage, shrimp, chicken, and okra. Tasted like home; it was excellent.For entrees we ordered Crawfish Etouffee (my FAVORITE Cajun dish of all-time) and Shrimp Creole. The etouffee was amazing, the butter, garlic, and green pepper flavors well balanced and there was just the right amount of heat. The good times we're definitely being had by my mouth. Shrimp Creole was also amazing, tomato-y, peppery, garlicky, onion-y paradise. The shrimp were also huge (love me some oximorons). I found out that their shrimp, crawfish, and catfish were flown in from Louisiana. At this point we were way too full to try dessert. I am planning a second trip back to explore more of menu and to give that Banana's Foster Bread Pudding. I got to live the Louisiana state motto: "Come fall in Love with Louisiana all over again" on my trip to Lola's. It's great to know that there is great Creole & Cajun cuisine just around the corner. Excellent service. Standout, authentic food! A warm, friendly atmosphere. Laissez les bon temps roulezer in your mouth at Lola's!
4	Small restaurant and I'd rather sit outside unless its too hot. The shrimp and grits are always good. Ive not had a dish I wouldnt order again. Service is usually spotty. But I'd go again at a minutes notice.
5	Go here and eat!Bread pudding was worth the trip. After 15 years in NOLA I moved to Michigan and when I ate here ... I was back uptown.Cold beer, great food, friendly atmosphere, fantastic service, and the prices were fair.  My only complaint ... don't say D'brees and Po-Boy without making a "Mothers" style debris roast beef Po-Boy.
5	Went there, before a show at the Smith Center.  It is right down the street.Great atmosphere!! Jazzy blues all night. Very New Orleans.  Tasty food! I had the Combo Platter. Love the fact that they use different breading for all of the seafood, accenting each bite. Crab cake had a sneaky kick to it, an enjoyable spice. Catfish was done just right. Bananas Foster was slightly burnt caramely goodness, with real vanilla bean ice cream.  Great way to top an excellent dinner!I'm coming back to Lola's!
5	I just died and went to Cajun heaven!Vegas doesn't have a lot of hole in the walls or even authentic cuisine from any country. But oh my.. I had the shrimp and grits, MOUTHGASM. The hush puppies and po-boys are on point! I loved the service, everyone makes you feel at home.. Keep it up y'all!
5	Oh my, Oh my!  Lola's is great.  When I walked in I felt like I was in New Orleans.  The music was playing and the beads were hanging along with a cool Saints Jersey. They only serve beer and wine which was fine.   My friend and I ordered Shrimp and Grits and Catfish and Grits.  They were great but in my opinion I needed more Grits.  It was AWESOME.  Hot and creamy Grits.  yuum!  Also I finished with the Sweet Potato Pecan Pie with a scoop of Butter Pecan Ice Cream.  Need I say more?  The place is small and quaint but that added to the charm.  Make a reservation if you come after 4:00p  Gets very crowded.  Enjoy!!!  The waitress was oh so awesome as well in suggestions and descriptions.
4	Been to Lola's 3 times, Loved the gumbo me homesick. The bread had a great smokey smell.  The parking lot is a little tough, it's packed, can't wait for them to open up the Summerlin location.
3	Once again I think expectation management may be an issue for me when trying highly reviewed restaurants on Yelp. I ordered the shrimp and grits and while the shrimp was good, it was not over the top awesome. The zydeco music and Abita beer was a nice touch. I had the banana fosters bread pudding for dessert and it lived up to its billing. I think if the bill for my meal had been under $30 for one beer, the shrimp & grits, and the bread pudding I may have had a better experience.
3	The bread pudding was great. The red beans and rice was good, not extraordinary. The greens tasted like they were from a can though. The jambalaya was very good. Restaurant is very small, location not ideal. All in all I would say so-so experience.
4	My first trip to New Orleans was with a group of co-workers for ones birthday.  Well, maybe not THE New Orleans.  We went to Lola's to celebrate over lunch.  I was excited to try it.  I have wanted to for quite some time but haven't really had the chance until now.  I tried a while back and was met with disappointment as on that particular day the parking lot had absolutely zero parking spots available.  Today was another story though.  There was parking and there were many seating options outside.  So the four of us were seated under the canopy just close enough to the entrance to barely hear the music playing over the sound of traffic on nearby Charleston Boulevard.  We were asked if we had a reservation but we did not.  It did not matter on this day as we were seated right away.  It took a few minutes for each of us to decide on our lunch for the day but once we did the waitress was right there and took our orders.  I chose the Mama's Red Beans and Rice.  I was asked if I wanted extra sausage but I turned that down.  In hindsight I perhaps should have considered the extra.  My very wide but somewhat shallow bowl of food showed up with only one piece of sausage resting on the scoop of rice.  The menu says it containes andouill and smoked sausage.  Something was missing from this equation.  Regardless, it was actually very good.  The beans were tender as could be.  The soupy sauce was well seasoned with just the slightest hint of spicey heat.  The bowl of coleslaw on the side was good with the cabbage and bell pepper liberally dressed creamy style.  But the stand out for me was the French bread served on the side.  It was buttered and grilled to the point I could see the marks from the grill grates.  This gave the bread a subtle smokiness not unlike a fresh grilled burger.  No doubt it was picking up the flavors of grilled meats past.  A small scoop of beans with the lovely ham hock meat on a bite of bread was just the way to go.  Overall I am happy with my first experience.  I wish I had been given more than one slice of sausage but as a co-worker pointed out to me, I ordered red beans and rice and that is what I received.  I acn say with relative certainty that I will be back at some time to try perhaps the sausage and chicken jambalaya.  Also, the desserts sound insane.  They have bread pudding.  They have bananas foster.  They even have a bananas foster bread pudding for those who can't decide.  I am in that group of restaurant goers.  I would order that in a heart beat.  Two of my favorite desserts rolled into one.
4	This small restaurant serves the most authentic Cajun/Creole cuisine in Las Vegas.  It always seems to be bustling so forget about having a quiet, intimate dinner.  We ordered a specialty of the house, bronzed catfish over gouda grits with Andouille sausage in a mushroom ragout plus a side of low country greens.  The fish fillets were moist and tender, the grits literally melted in my mouth while the mushroom ragout added a desirable degree of spice. This dish proved to be my favorite entree of our 14 day vacation.
5	Make reservations so you don't wait awhile.
5	Some of the best Cajun food west of New Orleans! Heard about this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and it was absolutely worth finding this place! Make reservations though, cuz they are packed most nights. I had the bronzed shrimp with grits....mmmmm...couldn't get enough! The grits are made with gouda cheese and I wanted more, more, more ~ also make sure to try the fig delight dessert.....soooo yummy! It's like having a warm homemade fig newton....only way better!! I will definitely eat here again and again when I'm back in Vegas~
5	Great atmosphere and friendly staffThe red beans and rice are delicious The bread they use for their po boys is amazing and their fries cut freshDidn't have room for dessert but the table next to us did and it made our mouths water
4	Incredibly delicious food full of lively cajun flavors and spices.  Wait staff was friendly and informative.   My only complaint was I was still very hungry after finishing my meal.  I highly recommend the bronze shrimp and grits but the real treat ( that everyone should experience) is the bananas foster bread pudding!
5	I'm from the south and spend a lot of time in NOLA. I have to admit I was really skeptical. Lola's has impressed me. I had the catfish po'boy and it was great. We had banana fosters bread pudding and banana pudding. The banana pudding was just like the stuff I grew up on. It really hit home. If you want New Orleans food in Vegas, go to Lola's. AAA+++
5	Meals were excellent!  Softshell po boy, fried oysters, all wonderful!Desserts were good - the bananas foster were great!Friday night there was music on the patio - it was loud but very pleasant.
5	This place is absolutely amazing!Went in last night with about 10 people for my boyfriend's birthday. We all order a bunch of different things so we got to taste a little bit of everything. Everything was delicious.My boyfriend ordered the oyster app, which was probably the most delicious oysters I have ever had. This says a lot because I'm from California so we used to go to the pier and have fresh seafood all the time.I ordered the hot crab artichoke dip, also really good. The only down fall is not having enough break for it. The bread they give is omfg amazing. I think I ate a few pieces of the bread by itself (probably why I ran out for the dip).For entree boyfriend ordered New Orlean's BBQ shrimp, I got the shrimp creole. My dish was so flavorful and so fresh and amazing, my only complaint was not having enough shrimp on there but it's not even a big deal because you can literally just eat the rice with the sauce and it's fantastic.We got the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding and the Bananas Foster. Both are absolutely delicious. The Bananas Foster comes with vanilla ice cream which is much needed because those bananas are effing hot. The bread pudding was also amazing.We ordered some beers and sweet tea which were also really good. For having such a big table of people, the restaurant was able to accommodate us inside comfortably. The service was great, could have been a bit nicer but it's not something you really care about because you're distracted with all of your friends to care. They get really really busy and for good reason. We were with someone who grew up in Louisiana and he also enjoyed all of the food.We will definitely be back to explore the menu.
5	Hubby and I have a deal, every time we come to Vegas we have to find at least one new restaurant to try.  I spotted Lola's coming off the 15 on our way to the Ghana store on Charleston.  I said THERE, I want to go there.  If you blink you may not see Lola's so look for the Holsum Design Center and you will see Lola's right in the center.Do not let the industrial area fool you, there is REAL Cajun food in there and just like a crawfish, once you get past the shell you will find just straight up deliciousness inside.  The inside of Lola's is a cozy very inviting restaurant.  The staff brings authenticity to a Cajun atmosphere.  They are friendly and they LOVE the food.  Our waiter asked my husband what he enjoyed most in food and helped him choose the BBQ shrimp dish.  I needed no assistance, as I listened to him speak with hubby,  the passion with which he described the dishes I knew to order one of the most difficult dishes to prepare on that menu, well at least to prepare it properly, the way a true Southern chef will.  It needs experience, patience and LOTS AND LOTS of love.  Lola's has this in spades so I ordered the Etouffee.There are a few dishes I NEVER order out, like Moussaka, Lasagna and Etouffee.  These are dishes that personify their prospective ethinicities and are rarely worth eating in a commercial setting.  Well Lola's Etouffee is as good as it gets.  As soon as I took that first spoonful in my mouth I was transported back to New Orleans and their amazing cuisine.  The crawfish perfectly prepared, the sauce was spicy and the vegetables were chunky and fresh.  It is served with rice and a basket of freshly grilled bread.  The bread dipped into the sauce is amazing.  I skipped the rice and just used the bread because it tasted to wonderful together.Hubby loved his BBQ Shrimp dish and devoured the entire dish before I was even halfway finished with mine.  He said the shrimp was also cooked perfectly and the sauce was fabulous.  He loved dipping the bread in his sauce too.  We also had crab cakes and crawfish puppies to start with, both were EXCELLENT.  I would go back for those crawfish puppies any day of the week.Unfortunately we were stuffed and avoiding the sugars, so we did not indulge in the desserts, but I think we will have to make an exception next time and have some.Side note for my doggy lovers, they do accept dogs on the patio as long as they are leashed and well behaved.  Also rumor has it they are opening a second location in Summerlin at the end of the summer.  I CAN'T WAIT, they will be oh so closer to us then.
3	My wife and I went to Lola's this past Saturday evening at about 6:30 or so, and there was a 30 minute wait. The staff was polite and we had a beer while waiting in chairs outside.The food was underwhelming. They brought out some grilled bread after we had been seated for maybe 15 minutes, and there was no butter or olive oil, and if there was any already on the bread, you couldn't taste it.I had a crab cake appetizer that was utterly mediocre. My wife had a fried soft shell crab that was also mediocre, and it cost $14 I believe because the price had gone up that day.I had jambalaya, and it was just a starchy mass of rice with some of this and that tossed in. I had better jambalaya at the Orleans buffet to be 100 percent honest.My wife had shrimp and grits. She is from the south and she loves grits, and she said the portion was skimpy and it tasted too cheesy. I tasted it and I thought the grits were overly cheesy as well.She got pecan and sweet potato pie for dessert and she thought it was incredibly good. I got a good feeling about the place at its root, but the food wasn't all that great to be honest. I can't say that I'm anxious to return.
2	Get'em  in and Get'm out!Another stop for my DDD list.  I am not sure why I keep falling for this.  Of course the food was,"Killer!", like everything Guy seems to eat. Well the crab cake, what we started with, was not "Killer."  It was mushy, under seasoned, and tasted and had a texture more like paste in the inside than lump crab. I had the shrimp and grits and my friend had the blackened salmon, both totally edible, in fact they weren't bad.  I wish that the sauce on my grits was a little more viscous.  It began to get watery at the end.  My friend enjoyed the Salmon, but apparently it was slightly over seasoned in areas.  My partners main complaint was that the portion size did not match the price.  For the price maybe the salad should come with the meal.  Also they're grits for crying out loud!  It's cheap hominy corn.  Put some more of them on the plate with the four shrimp.  It was an entree right?  "How long does it take you to cook your grit?"  Joe Pesci fans, Unite!They had a special memorial day dessert, it was for the troops of course, so we tried it.  It was advertised to us as a cobbler, but it ended up being more of a shortcake type of dessert.  Never-the-less it was delicious and we gobbled it up.The final downer was the being rushed, but we're not rushing you atmosphere.  I hadn't even got my full ass in the seat before the waitress was asking us what we wanted to drink.  How about bring us some water and a menu.  I almost stabbed a bus boy with my fork when he attempted to grab my plate before my last bite was gone.  Actually it was the last bite of my friends salmon, but jeeshhhhh, ASK!  I may have wanted to lick the plate, not really, but I like to keep my options open!Plate Lickers Unite!
2	I think this place is a good example of a restaurant that tries to mimic a certain ethnic food but falls short.  everything about it is just a little off.  we started with the broiled oysters.  they weren't offensive but they were very small and completely forgettable.  and, our meals came out within 15 seconds of our starter.  that's fine for Tuesday night but not when you're going "out to dinner".  I want to enjoy the experience and I expect more out of even a mediocre restaurant.  for dinner I reluctantly had the red beans and rice.  here's where I think the place really fails.  the dish is topped with kielbasa.  just weird.  also, it's topped with only a sliver of sausage.  it was laughable (in a bad way).  I will say, the flavors of the dish were pretty good.  i also tried the blackened chicken.  the chicken was cooked nicely but the flavors were pretty one dimensional.  I finished with bread pudding which was also pretty good but there's a lot of good bread pudding out there.  the beer selection is limited and not well thought out.  that being said, the place is always packed so more power to them.
3	So delicious if it weren't for the salt! Holy crap you can make it tasty without over killing it with salt! Disappointed because at first it is so good then the salt started cutting the inside of my mouth :(.
5	Best New Orlean/Cajun restaurant in Vegas, better than Emeril's and alot more fun.Lola is an actual person, she is regularly there, so she is very detail about her craft.There food is great, I love the cat fish, the bread is awesome and simple.....The crawfish is very fresh and is only serve on certain days....There shrimp is always fresh and juicy....Lola is known for the po boy sandwich....
5	Best Creole/Cajun food in Nevada! Order the  Bronzed Catfish & Grits All the goodness of the deep South! Seasoned and pan bronzed. Mississippi catfish served over Gouda grits with an andouille sausage and mushroom ragout.
1	Very small & cramped restaurant with old rickety chairs and tables. More of a dive mom & pop shop. The tables are so close together!! So close you can see everyone else's food which didn't look appetizing either. Service was terrible, this is the second time I was talked into eating here and for a second time I was not impressed, & I'm a local Las Vegan who eats out a lot!! The food is very salty! The first time I came I had the gumbo, I expected to be "wow'd" and wasn't even close. Just because something is spicy doesn't mean it has great flavor. I have had better gumbo at the airport in Denver!! This second visit I had the soft shell crab Po Boy, that sandwich was so salty!! And for $15 NOT worth it for such a tiny restaurant that rushes everyone.  Go to Streetcar Po Boys for New Orleans style cuisine & you won't be disappointed! As a local I won't be coming back.  Seriously, did Lola's pay people for all the 5 star reviews!! Don't go there, seriously!
4	We stopped by for lunch, I had the craw-puppies and the shrimp & gritsFor both, the flavors were spot on for what I was looking forThe craw-puppies had a moist and tender, and the aioli was a nice additionThe grits were very creamy, the shrimp seasoned and cooked just to my taste.  The gravy was a nice twist to what I have found in south TexasThe only reason I can't give it 5 stars, that part of town, that far off the strip, for a lunch portion, the price is a question
1	Worst service I have ever experienced in my life.  Our server, not sure of his name because he literally didn't say more than 5 words to us the whole time we ate there, was HORRIBLE.  He had black rimmed glasses with black hair and a beard. If you dine here beware of him! Ask for Megan, she was fantastic! The only server that smiled, literally. She refilled our drinks, brought out our food and cleared our food. Not even sure where our server was. The restaurant is super tiny yet he was no where to be found.  I'm also a server at a restaurant on the strip and I almost lost my cool with this guy.  He didn't even drop our check, another random server did.  Just a really miserable person who should not be waiting tables for a living. It's unfortunate too because the food is good. When you have someone treat you like you don't exist and acts like he could give a shit it ruins the whole experience.  Will most definitely not be returning.
5	Ok...for you true Cajuns this is the only place outside of the south where you will find a REAL shrimp poboy. Fresh shrimp; crunchy on the outside, fresh on the inside. REAL New Orleans French bread; crispy and soft. Party in my mouth!! The waitress even knew what I meant when I ordered it "sloppy".  A must for all you southerners who miss the real thing
1	My husband and I are lovers of New Orleans food so when we saw that we could get chargrilled oysters in Vegas, we were really excited.  The restaurant is small, strangely laid out and the service was sub-par. My husband got a Caesar salad and oysters. His salad was great and it came out quickly. Then- we waited and waited and waited. Finally his oysters came out. They weren't that impressive and left him feeling hungry. My cheese poboy and grits finally came out after he was done eating. Much to my disappointment, I got a grilled cheese (not a poboy- dressed as requested) and some cold, soggy fries. The grits were okay. They comped my meal, so that was appreciated.
5	I really liked Lola's.  I wanted to hit up all the Triple D's in the area and Lola's was on the list.  I am not sure how "authentic" the n'awlins fare is (and I've been to NOLA) but the ambiance is nice, the waitstaff is pleasant, and the food is great.I had the gouda grits and the roast beef po'boy.   When I was in New Orleans in the late 80's, the po'boy seemed to be a gimmick offering that was all about just making a huge, almost un-finish-able sandwich piled so high with meat that you could not even get your jaws around.At Lola's, the sandwich is more about making an amazing tasting sandwich vs just a huge sandwich.  It is covered in a heavy gravy and stuffed with high quality ingredients.  It was extremely tasty and I finished the whole thing (unlike po buys I had in NO).  The gouda grits were great, nothing like the typical bland grits (sorry, southerners) you get most places.  The cheese really makes this dish pop.Since I was travelling for work, I was only one person and they sat me in a little 2-seat table by the 'bar', which was perfect for me.I saw Lola at the door, greeting and saying goodby to customers, which was nice.  I saw one lady with a midwestern accent telling her "I saw you on TV" and she was very nice and accomodating to all of the guests.I would definitely come back.  In fact, I debated coming back for a 2nd trip during my week+ in Vegas, which is a rule I almost never break (I try to sample a new place every night and not go back to any place I've already tried).  I want to try something with shrimp next time...
5	Definitely different and authenticWe sat outside in May for dinner  and it was perfect
5	I'm from the South and that means I very picky when it come to sweet tea and grits!  After hearing our friends talk abt this place, we finally got around to checking it out. It lived up to all our expectations and more!  My husband had the catfish and grits and I got a blackened shrimp po boy. I personally did not get a grits dish because of my hesitations. All I can say is AMAZING!!!  Next time it's blacked shrimp and grits for me!!  We were so stuffed from lunch that we passed on desert, but that will happen next time as well!
5	Actually came here yesterday with my boyfriend. It was his first time! We ordered crawpuppies for an appetizer and he got a fried catfish po boy and I got the shrimp n grits. Everything was delicious and my boyfriend was so excited that they had Abita beer.
4	The food here was delicious.  Had a D-Brese and shrimp and grits.  For dessert we had bananas foster bread pudding.  We had good service and the food was great. I am knocking off a start because we had to sit in the hallway and it was hot (112 outside and maybe 90 inside).  We were told is was air-conditioned but all we saw were fans.  The fan closest to us was removed to bring in a party of 6. You need a reservation!
2	Although the owners are from Louisianna, I was disappointed as my expectations were extremely high.  The shrimp with remoulade was bland.  Something was definitely missing in the ingredients.  My main course of crawfish etoufee was just as disappointing and bland and didn't look good. Sorry but this is another Diners, Drive Ins and Dive disappointment in my opinion. This is a delayed review from April 2014, I've had health issues.
5	Can't say enough good about this place...wish they were open on Sundays.  Looking forward to their new location and wish they would open one on the south side of Vegas.  MmmmmMmmmm Good!
1	I was so excited to try this place but then very disappointed by the experience.  The garlic bread tasted nothing like garlic or even butter.  My companion ordered gumbo and I ordered shrimp and crawfish etouffe. Somehow they looked and tasted pretty much the same.  Both were served in a shallow bowl with a cup of rice.  The portions were so small.  It was basically a cup of stew and a cup of rice for like $16.  It was really mediocre in flavor and needed salt,  pepper, and hot sauce for me to even want to eat it.  Both dishes were a little hotter than warm.  I don't think I will ever go back.  It is a cool spot but the prices are ridiculous for the underdeveloped mediocre recipes this restaurant uses. Cajun food should be full flavored, like at my fave chain Pappadeaux's where they get the cuisine right!  Lola should go back to New Orleans and learn a lot more.
5	Lola's did not disappoint! Staff were polite, atmosphere/music is spot on and the most important thing the food was yummy! I'm going to try and change up my recipe and maybe have a few friends over.
4	Food was good, service was awesome. Some dishes can get a little pricey, but overall not bad. You must have the banana foster bread pudding. To die for!
4	I had BBQ shrimp!!!! OMG sooo spicy and delish a must try for sure.  Our waitress was very nice and informative .  My friend had jambalaya pretty freaking good.  Banana pudding was the shiz!!!!
5	Tiny.  Busy.  Fantastic.Lola's is a gem.  Call ahead and make reservations or you may be sorry.  The place is already packed by 5:00 PM on Fridays and Saturdays.  If you're looking for something different, don't hesitate to give Lola's a try.
5	We can't wait to go  back!!! We really felt like we were in New Orleans and the place was PACKED on a Friday night. If you can't handle spicy spicy, they will be happy to lessen the spice in the rue for you. PROS: Shrimp & creamy gouda cheese grits             Catfish & creamy gouda cheese grits             Orange bowl salad              Sweet tea             Festive atmosphere             Grilled garlic breadCONS: None yet.
3	Love the Nola food, the authentic and delicious flavor of this kitchen is unique In Las Vegas, had the Shrimp and grits so delightful, the bread pudding outstanding, is a carnival of flavors melting in your mouth, the service is not that great, waitress get lost for long time, you can see them chatting with hostess and have to wave many times in order to get their attention, I have been here tree times the soft shell crab is so crispy and delicious, the jambalaya, the gumbo so much layers of flavor, once again, you come for the food not for the service. But the food is so great, I'll be back as many times I'm craving New Orleans Food.
5	Very cute little place. The food was amazing. Yes a bit pricey but I don't mind paying a little more when the food is yummy. My husband and I shared the soft shell crab as an appetizer. Fabulous ! He had the browned shrimp (think that's what it was called) and I had shrimp creole. Both were delicious. Seasoning was spot on perfect. Was too full for dessert so we took bread pudding to go. Our waitress made us cafe au lait even though it was not on the menu. A perfect cup of coffee. Will definitely go back again !!
5	When I need a vacation to New Orleans... Lola's... Kick AYASS!! I've had EVERYTHING on the menu and it's all good!
5	Can't wait to come back to Vegas just to come back here. The shrimp and grits and the catfish and grits were amazing!!  Will def be back here!
5	Fan-freakin-tastic!!!! Awesome atmosphere, great wait staff and above all AWESOME food!! Must get the crawpuppies, shrimp  with Gouda grits is rock your world amazing and the banana pudding is the perfect treat to top off an amazing meal!! Hidden Gem!!!
5	Quick Look: best Cajun cooking I have had outside of NOLA. Hec, it would hold it's own against the food at I had the more well known restaurants in NOLA itself! It's that good!! In Depth Review: I have been driving by this little restaurant tucked away in the old Holsum Bread Bakery on Charleston Ave and wanting to check it out since it opened 5 years ago. This past Thursday (7/17/14), I had the chance to go after a shopping trip across the street at the Premium Outlets with my wife. We got there at 8pm and the sign in the window switched to "closed" as we were walking up. The same sign said: "open til 9pm,"  so we went in and took our chances. Restaurant was full and we were greeted by the GM named Hank at the entrance. Hank was friendly, said he would get us sat and that they switch to closed at 8pm sharp as that is the last seating time. So arrive early folks or you may not be seated to eat. This small but cozy place was full on a Thursday night. Seating is very limited, so I advise a reservation in advance (especially on the weekend). I was thirsty. Hank suggested a Louisiana micro brewery that they carry named Abita. Never had it and went with their Amber beer. It was chilled and was quite possibly the best beer I have had in a long time. Have since went to Total Wine & Liquor here in Vegas and filled my fridge with it. Try it, you can thank me later. Hank knew we were very hungry and that it was our first time visiting Lola's, he was kind enough to bring over a nice sampler of three of their best selling items. This was a nice touch and it solidified what we would eventually order as our entrees. He introduced us to our waitress and she was very knowledgeable of the dishes and made made good suggestions, including the crab-cake appetizer. We each ordered one and they were AMAZING! This is real crab, they are fresh, massive and not the frozen "Krab" cakes that many high-end restaurants try to pass off as "authentic" in Vegas. For our entrees we ordered the Catfish and Gouda Cheese Grits and Shrimp and Gouda Cheese Grits. The dishes were large and plentiful. The dishes were love at first bite. These Gouda Cheese Grits are a divine experience. Every bite was full of flavor. I inhaled my Shrimp and Gouda Cheese Grits and literally used the soft garlic bread to wipe the plate clean of any remaining evidence, I mean sauce. Both plates are a MUST try! We took some of Lola's special "bread pudding" home with us to eat later as we were both very full after eating our entrees. The bread pudding was also a divine experience that you must have if you visit. So good!!! Hank checked on us as we were finished and was kind enough to introduce us to the owner, Lola. We spoke to her and she was very kind and welcoming. She was happy that we had finally stopped in and invited us to come back and be part of the "family." I felt her words were legit and that she truly meant that. Good to see an owner be a gracious host and talk to the tables and guests. She touched every table and said goodbye to everyone. Could tell many guests were her regulars as she knew them by first name. What hospitality, you just don't see this in Vegas these days! Overall: I cannot wait to go back. I have already told dozens of people about my experience at Lola's last Thursday. Lola, Hank and the entire "family" at Lola's will welcome you with open arms. Just call ahead first and make that reservation, space is limited and it will fill up. We are lucky to have a place like Lola's in Las Vegas.
3	High expectation, a bit disappointing! Their idea of Cajun food and spices it seemed was just tons of pepper in every dish so your mouth would burn but not happily. Dishes were very mediocre, mmmmmm!!
2	Saw this on DDD and had always wanted to try a po boy so I was excited to eat here. We were sat upstairs in an actual hallway of the attached building. It was really loud from the box fans they had stacked up next to the door and the uncomfortable cheap tiny patio set we sat at was just awkward. Safe to say the ambiance was farrrrrr from good (I would've rather taken it to go to be honest). We tried it brush it off and enjoy the food but it just wasn't very good. We ordered the crab and artichoke dip, it was too fishy smelling and bland. For entrees I had the bronzed shrimp po boy and my husband had the roast beef po boy that was featured on the show. Mine was sooooo salty I couldn't eat it. Not good. My hubby's wasn't that good either, maybe mediocre at best. I did like the albita(?) Amber beer though lol. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing because it has a lot of great reviews. Don't think I'll come back to find out though.
3	Food was OK. I hear they are building a new place. I'm happy to hear that because this one is rather small.  I am not a fan of the gumbo. Maybe it was a bad day. The catfish was good. I went one day during lunch. I'd like to go back for dinner and give it another try. The one thing that bothered me is that when I went back to work, I smelled like fried food the re
5	Best creole food i've had outside of Louisiana itself. The Only thing I did not like was the Gouda cheese in the grits. I feel they should use a less stronger cheese, like parmesan or pepper jack, any thing light. the gouda cheese was very strong in the grits. besides that HOT DAMN! it was delicious .
2	Atmosphere was nice.  The staff was friendly and the the service was excellent.  Unfortunately the food was nothing like the staff or service.  I ordered five different items off the menu- red beans and rice, craw puppies, roast beef po boy sandwich, gumbo and collard greens.  Red beans and rice had no flavor, they tasted like they came out of a can.  Craw puppies were mushy but had good flavor.  Roast beef sandwich was not bad, however the gravy had the texture of canned gravy and was extremely salty.  Gumbo had no flavor and consisted mostly of rice.  The collard greens were sour tasting.  I have to say the best part of my meal was the beer I drank (Abita).  Sorry Lola but I was not impressed......One other thing- the presentation of our food was NOTHING like the pictures posted on this site.
5	Excellent shrimp Charlotte a gumbo...very cute decor.... Lots of good spice and a great rue......highly recommend....as close to NOLA as you can get without the plane ride
5	The Gumbo was outstanding!! The crab cake was the best!! Red beans & rice mmmm gooood!  Small but they take reservations. Don't miss this gem!
5	Amazing food, great atmosphere, and awesome customer service always feel welcomed whenever I come lots of Louisiana local foods---Abita beer and the bread that they serve is from a bakery in LA. Try any and everything it will never dissapoint!! I cannot suggest just one item! I don't even like cat fish but dayyyyyuuuuummmmm!
4	Amazing Gouda grits , the crusted trout was "the business!" From the homemade banana pudding(yes, the pudding is from scratch - like Grandma used to make!) to the awesome banana's foster, my family are foodies and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals and each other's  high 5 and thumbs from The Wallace's
5	We had a big group and love the service here. I had the charbroiled oysters which was amazing.  Then I had the shrimp pasta dish that was full of flavor and spicy.  There is nothing I can complain about.  I love it!
5	This place was worth this review. I had shrimp and gouda grits which was amazing. Whatever the sauce is was great. I also had the crab cake which was delicious as well. Our waiter was from new orleans and was very helpful and kind. Desert was amazing as well the banana foster was to die for. The banana pudding is great and you can't go wrong with a  brownie and ice cream
4	Between the I-15 freeway and the railroad tracks on Charlestown boulevard away from it all, there's a little tiny place called Lola's were big things are happening. I've had for so long skipped this place for being located in a not so attractive industrial area of Las Vegas not knowing what I was missing. But after picking up a friend from UMC after all his cancer tests came back negative we decided to go and celebrate, after a quick search on yelp we ended up at Lola's. Of green color walls decorated with Mardi gras and the saints memorabilia, a little bar and only a handful of tables the small dining room makes you feel like you had actually traveled to a different state. the Jazz music on the background and the smell of Cajun dishes from other patrons around you only confirms it. At Lola's not only they bring you the food they serve in Luisiana, they also take you there. But if leaving vegas is not your thing, they also have some patio seating with a view of down town and the Las Vegas premium outlet mall. Either way you can't go wrong, you'll be enjoying some of the best comfort dishes this side of the strip.Service was decent, not stellar but only what was required, our waitress was busy so we didn't expected too much, got our food and beers and we were happy.We started with the crab cakes and they were not the best, sad to inform, they were a little too mushy and not crab flaky but passable and tasty non the less. Vindication came when my bronzed shrimp & grits and the shrimp Charlotte arrived and we realized we had made the right choice. We ordered those because they were two of the most popular dishes at Lola's but I can't wait to try other items that also sounded delicious, and if the crab cakes are worst thing they offer and the shrimp & grits the best, anything in the middle is going to be fabuloso. Go by car or go by train...but get to Lola's now.
5	Yum!  I came back with some friends and had the catfish and grits this time. Still delicious!  I did try the Crawpuppies and they were good.   Had some Gumbo and it was amazing, and I'm from Louisiana, so I have had a lot of Gumbo in my life. LOL! Also tasted someone's crab cake and really liked the lemon aioli they put on top. Lastly several people ordered desserts and I mooched a bit off each of the Bread Pudding, Banana Bread Pudding, Sweet Potato Pecan Pie and the Fig dessert.  Hands down the Fig dessert was the best.  The whole table pretty much agreed. Now it's your turn to try it!
2	I have to say, after reading the reviews I was very disappointed by the  Yelp community.  This place should not have 4 stars.  I think that even 2 stars is being generous. I had high hopes for this place but they sizzled to the floor moments after I walked in.We went to Lola's on a Friday evening.  It was busy like most restaurants in Vegas are on Friday so I don't hold it against the establishment.  What most people don't realize is that this is a TINY restaurant.  There are not very many tables at all.  It is insanely loud too.  The table we sat at was not even and we had to constantly shift weights on the table to keep it level.  Our order was taken pretty quickly after we arrive and we ordered some oysters for starters.  We use to live in coastal Washington so when a restaurant has oysters on the menu, we typically order them for the nostalgia they bring.  Our oysters were more than broiled, they were burned and hard to chew.  This is frankly one of the worst oyster experiences I have ever had.  Oysters should never be hard to chew.  There was liquor in them either.  Even broiled oysters should have a liquor--even if it is just a bourbon or butter based sauce, it needs to be there.  They cost us $12.49 for a plate of inedible chew-balls from the sea.  They were tiny too--like the size of dimes for the oyster meat--or, at least what was left of the oysters after the kitchen got their fiery hands on them! Because I understand that not every dish is created equally I still held my hopes high for the main course.Those hopes were drowned by the 50 minute wait time from appetizer to entree.  We watched guests that were seated after us be served their dishes well in advance of us.  We really felt ignored.  Our waitress filled our water glasses once during the entire night--even though we were there a few hours.  I ordered the Catfish platter which on the menu has a number 3 beside it, indicating there would be 3 fillets.  Because I spent a lot of time in the South and I love "bronzed" catfish I ordered mine to be the same.  I must note that bronzed fish in no way translates to dried, black, inedible fish.  When my plate finally arrived it had one very blackened piece of fish on it.  My fish was so dry I quit eating shortly after I started.   The seasoning was over salted as well.  The waitress never came to ask how my dish was either.  I was very disappointed.  For one piece of dried out horrible fish, it racked up the bill another $15.   My fiance ordered the the Shrimp Creole ($15.99) and his shrimp were also over cooked but not to the point where they were inedible.  So, he shared with me.   My daughter ordered a plain Caesar salad ($8.99) because there were no children's options and she is a vegetarian (this place is NOT vegetarian friendly at all--they actually make a point of hinting at that on the menu: most things are non-vegetarian and they make no acceptations or substitutions!  God forbid some grits not have chicken stock in them.)   We ordered two glasses of  wine and were given the wrong type of wine or a very poor substitution for what we ordered.  The sodas are also pretty expensive so make sure you are prepared to spend 10-15 on just a few glasses of coke if you order this.  Our bill went over $100 which is sad since 1/2 of the items we ordered were cooked wrong and even things we could not eat.    It's been a few weeks since our visit here and I still have eater's remorse.  We wont come back to eat here ever again.  We're still on the hunt for a good Cajun place in Vegas--- *sighs*
5	Really had a wonderful meal here tonight. Started with a cup of  gumbo and a crab cake. They were both really tasty.  Our main dishes were blackened salmon for my wife, and jumbilaya for myself . Everything was great and tasted like authentic Cajun food. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great Cajun dinner for a fair price. Wait staff was good as well!
5	Nom nom nom across the board! Yeah if I could keep eating with no remorse this place would be it! For someone that has never been to New Orleans Lola's pulled me right in. Take note and order the Gouda grits! It was one of those food moments we ordered so much and proceeded to stuff our faces just because. You won't be disappointed and the service was great! Already planning my next LV trip and putting Lola's on the bucket list. Thanks to Wes and Syd for putting me on game to this joint!
5	Next time I'm in Vegas, I hope I can talk my group into going outside of the casino and visiting Lola's.  Or maybe I'll leave them and go myself.  I'm a bit fan of Creole cooking and when I found Lola's, it was a no brainer to check it out.The staff was very nice and helpful.  I got a starter and a dinner.  Sorry, no room for dessert.Crawpuppies:   A little expensive for the small order.  They don't look pretty, in fact they look a little burnt.  Don't let that fool you.  These things were soft and tasty on the inside.  They come with an aioli, but I decided to go with a hot sauce.  You choose.  You can't go wrong.  Shrimp and Crawfish Etouffee:  It's always a great staple at any Creole restaurant and if you can't make this, you should shut the doors.  The only thing that would have made this better was a ladle so I could have put more in my mouth at once.  It'll be hard to come here and not get this dish again.
4	Had to stop by since I was in town, but needed to try something different this time.Had the salmon dinner with green beans & grits.  I had the salmon blackened - and they did a good job of not overpowering the fish with the seasoning.  The green beans were done southern style, but they weren't over loaded with bacon fat the way some can be.I did splurge and got the bananas foster bread pudding.  The chunks of banana in the pudding were very noticeable, and not mushy (not sure how you do that with cooking the pudding). Again the only downside was the pricing - $31 for lunch is not something I would do very often
3	YUMMY! I've only been here once so far but it definitely hits the spot if you're craving some NOLA flavor. I ordered a fried chicken poboy (don't worry, I asked them to hold the calories)  and my husband ordered a catfish poboy. We also ordered charbroiled oysters which were very small and didn't compare to what you can get in NOLA, decent but nothing special (I'm not gonna lie I would still get them again--I was just let down that they weren't exactly what I was dreaming of).The poboys were both tasty but they could have both used a bigger portion of meat.My husband was obsessed with the desert. I think what we ordered was called banana foster pudding.You should probably stop reading reviews and just go there because this is the best NOLA food you'll find in Vegas! If I'm wrong please tell me because I love me some NOLA food.Oh ya---the place is pretty small inside so you may want to make a reservation.WOULD I GO AGAIN? DUH! Take me with you?
3	I took my girlfriend here with some friends to help celebrate her birthday. She's from New Orleans and knows quality NOLA food.And this was quality food...when we eventually got it. They has us wait for two hours before seating us, even with our reservation. I understand that it's a small restaurant, but you can't keep a paying group of 8 waiting for so long under any circumstances. Had it been any other restaurant, we would have walked out immediately, but we stayed because my girlfriend was feeling homesick and because I had already hyped it so much.To top it off: one of our friends told our server it was my GF's birthday, hoping that they would do something for her. A few minutes later, the servers, all singing happy birthday, brought out a magnificent dessert with a firework in it, and promptly placed it on the table next to ours where someone else was also celebrating a birthday. Nothing for us. If it was an extra cost, we would have paid it for such a spectacle, but we didn't get anything more than a "oh, happy birthday!" from the server. Overall: a let down on multiple levels.
4	AMAZING. Went for lunch during work... and it was packed. Food was good, everyone enjoyed the special bread, the collard greens (with bacon), PoBoy, and I had the BBQ shrimp and loved it. Only thing-it put us all in a food coma for the rest of the day. Would go back on a day off or for dinner.. eat outside if the weather allows.
5	Best Shrimp & grits on the planet!Grits have Gouda cheese. Shrimp are blackened and so juicy!Service was very good.I will 100% return.If I was at home, I would have licked the bowl clean!
5	Another foodie spot finally checked off my list. Mother of Cajun this place blows your socks off. This was the most flavorful meal I've had in a long time. I don't even remember my name right now! We had the shrimp & grits, crawpuppies , & the fig delight. And service was awesome-our waiter was super friendly & fast.
3	They were solid. The po boy was good.
5	The best soft shell crab po boy I have ever had. Portions are perfect and the service is great. Absolutely a must try
5	Love it here! Shrimp and grits is my fav!! Dominic is the best server he makes it feel homie..will be going back next time I'm in Vegas for sure! And I'll make sure to check the new location out!
3	First we made a reservation because after reading the Yelp reviews I saw that everyone said the place is small and seating is limited.  So I called on Wednesday and made a reservation for 4pm Saturday.  We got there early because we were done at the outlet and I was hoping they could just get us in.  Well, thank goodness that it was not crowded at that time because there was no reservation for me.....The place is SMALL.  The tables remind me of something in the south set up in someone's grandma's basement.  Not restaurant style at all. Out table was actually a little wobbly.  But who cares, bring on the Nola food!The food is pretty good.  I was a lil piglet and wanted to try everything.First to start we ordered fries, garlic bread and the soft shell crab as an appetizer.  The soft shell crab was EXTREMELY small but whoever it was that brought it to our table (chef, manager, not sure) noticed how tiny it was and said that he apologized for the size and can either get us another one or let us have that one and take it off of the bill.  We'll take option #2 please considering we had never had it before and just wanted to taste it.  It was very tasty.  The fries were fresh cut and tasted amazing!!!For dinner we ordered the Combo Platter which consisted of catfish, fried oysters, shrimp and a crab cake with sides of red beans and rice and side salad.  I ordered the Chicken with sides of Low Country Greens and Gouda Grits. Ed said the combo platter was tasty but the oysters were extremely fishy.  But the red beans and rice...to die for.  I don't like beans and wanted to order my own side of them.  They were amazing. My chicken was very bland, no flavor at all.  NONE.  But the Gouda Grits....OMG!  The best grits Ive had EVER!  I couldve eaten those with some turkey sausage and called it a day.  The greens were pretty good also.  Would we go back?  Sure but it is not a must have for us.
4	The gumbo is the best. Also the grits. Definitely have dessert at the the end, the bread pudding is bomb.
4	Lola's is pretty good, but I don't think it will blow your mind if you've been to real Cajun restaurants in New Orleans, like Deanie's.  But it is pretty remarkable -- albeit not quite the same as you would expect in NOLA.It wasn't crawfish season when I went, so I wasn't able to get crawfish.  I actually went twice.  Once I got a shrimp po-boy and a cup of gumbo, and the other time I got crawfish ettouffe.  The po-boy and gumbo were excellent.  The gumbo was the best thing I had here.  The ettouffe was not really very good at all.  It had the texture of lumpy gravy, which is not normal for ettouffe.I was in town for work, so I didn't have to pay for it myself, but if I had I would have been upset that it is kind of pricy and they charge you for every little extra.  For example, I got charged a few dollars for an extra cup of rice for my ettouffe when all it came with a little bit.I would go back to Lola's, but it's not a priority for me in Las Vegas.  I have been back to town and not stopped by, trying other local restaurants instead.It's good -- but not great -- kind of pricy, won't blow your mind, but is worth trying once or twice to see what you think.
4	When you come to Vegas and you want to break free from the overpriced franchise crap on the strip, this is your place. Everything is delicious, made fresh and plenty of it. Very affordable and an experience different than most of Vegas. Take the 5 minute drive from the strip and enjoy. SHRIMP AND GRITS!!
5	This was our first time here..I ordered the crab cake and the jumbalaya w/ shrimp.. It was so good!! I really have nothing to compare it to because I have never been to a cajun place other than Razzoo's but I normally just get fried pickles and cat fish.  I have had crab cakes from other places but here the crab cake was super good!! Anywho Because this was our first time here we gave our waitress Dianna a hard time asking her all kinds of questions.. But she hung in there like a champ and really helped us out and was pretty patient with us..  We will def come back here!!
5	Oh my....fabulous, fabulous..husband had jambalaya and loved it...I had shrimp with grits, it was amazing!!! good cold beer, ending with excellent bread pudding...would come back every week if we lived here!!!
5	"Reserve ahead"This is a busy spot. We just walked in and had a 20 min wait. We came via bus from the strip so taxi not needed. Good was v good but perhaps heavy on salt. Desert pecan pie was exceptional. Also purple haze beer worth a try. You should go and try it.
4	Wow!!  That's all I need to say..  It's a small little place in the middle of nowhere.. They have the most authentic cajun food. Desserts are a must..
5	This is one of those places I almost don't want to tell you how good it is, because it is already too busy! But that is too selfish, so I will let you in on this local secret spot that is AMAZING!!!First piece of advice- make a reservation. This place is hopping!We started with crab cake and craw puppies (hush puppies made with crawfish) - YUM! I  had shrimp and grits, so good! The service was perfect! We even had a visit from the smiling owner. Nice touch. I wish we had saved room for dessert! Next time
4	Food was delicious. Service was annoying. Never got asked if we wanted another drink and no refills on iced tea. Waitress greeted us at the door with attitude but hostess was extremely nice and found us a table. Would be five except for our waitress. #whodat
5	A great little restaurant. A little hard to find for a tourist not familiar with the streets, but well worth the effort. My wife and I went there twice in our 5 night stay in the Sin City. The best Cajun/Creole restaurant we have eaten at outside of New Orleans.We had 2 different waitresses on our 2 visits. Both were very friendly and fast. The great garlic bread they serve starts the meal off well. Had a nice burnt touch. The gumbo is fantastic - rich, flavorful, full of ingredients. We had the gumbo on both visits. The entrees we tried over the 2 visits were the bronzed shrimp and grits, the jambalaya, and Mama's red beans and rice. All were rich, flavorful, and satisfying. We actually ordered a take-out serving of the jambalaya to take home to California.The bread pudding that topped off our 1st visit was excellent. We were too stuffed on our 2nd visit to order dessert. Definitely a place we will visit if we wander back to Vegas. Much more satisfying and cheaper and worth value than any buffet on the strip.
4	Great food friendly service. We enjoyed the red beans n rice with sausages. Also the dessert is awesome some banana faucer. Very good. I don't hand out 5 stars. Highly recommended
5	Oh my god good. Take the short trip north off Las Vegas Boulevard you will be pleasantly surprised and will return like I will also.
1	Being a Nawlins native I must say, I have never been so disappointed in my life!  Oysters were the size of my pinky nail. Definitely a FAIL!
5	Not completely authentic, but the most authentic Cajun/creole restaurant I have eaten at in Las Vegas.
3	We went to the new Summerlin location on Town Center. The crab cake appetizer was OK- it had unnecessary extra mayonnaise spread on top. Our entrees were delicious! Loved the shrimp and Gouda grits. However, the service was terrible! We hardly ever saw our waiter. No one ever cleared our appetizer plates, even after they delivered our entrees! The server just moved our empty appetizer plates to the side to place our entrees and walked away.
3	No frills good Louisiana Southern cuisine.  I had the Red Beans & Rice (cooked low n slow) just mention hold the scallions LOLNow for the meat of the review, I would've given it 4-5 stars had my back not been on fire due to the seating location.  Had curbside table with the ever so busy W. Charleston Blvd to the left of me so I'm sucking down exhaust while eating good food.
4	This place kind of just fell into my lap while walking around our office building. This place has REALLY good food if you are into heavy, flavorful meals. My favorite to get here is the Jambalaya. SO GOOD. This location is a very small location, but worth standing in line for if you wanted to try it. It's constantly packed, so make sure you are okay with waiting for a spot.
5	Great food and friendly service.  The crab cakes were fresh and tasty and the gumbo was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Perfect ending to our meal was the bananas foster bread pudding. This place is the real deal!!
5	Went to the new Summerlin location on oct 4th for lunch with the girlfriends. Nice job converting the old Ruby Tuesdays!  Now with a cozy outside patio.  Piano in the bar area. They tell me there is sing a longs on Saturday nights.  Little bit of a sports theme...New Orleans Saints, with large screen TVs throughout. I had the jambalaya, friends had red beans and rice, cup of gumbo and chicken fingers. Service was quick and food came out rapidly!  All the food was excellent!  Cajun food had just the right bite for me and my friend. Chicken fingers, more like strips were lightly seasoned and were the best we have found for sometime.  French fried potatoes were fresh cut skin on, also fabulous!  Lola came over to say hello, says all of the proteins are fresh.  We could tell. For dessert we shared bananas foster bread pudding.  Sorry I'm not going into detail but it was all just plain GOOD FOOD!  I will be back. Welcome to Summerlin Lola's!
3	First off, I am not a real Cajun/Creole food fan as I find it on the salty, fatty or bland side. Lola's, overlooking ugly and busy Charleston Blvd in Las Vegas, is simple and quaint inside, however. This is definitely not a fancy place. With Party City Mardi Gras decorations and fleur de lis decor, it has a cheesy feeling of the bayou and the Creole music is somewhat charming. We ordered apps of grilled mussels, coated in some tasty buttery and slightly cheesy topping (good, but not drop you to your knees good), white baguette slices flame grilled and a green salad, it was a decent start. The dark beer on tap was really good though, making me happy. The blackened grilled chicken I ordered was fair, again, nothing too spectacular. The people we were with commented that they enjoyed their plates of red beans and sausage, crawfish and crab cakes. My hubby had jambalaya which he said was pretty good, but not a very big serving. He finished my chicken and French fries. Entrees come with 2 sides of your choosing; green salad (literally 6-7 pieces of lettuce, 7-8 pieces of teeny-tiny cucumber fragments and I think a sliver of tomato), red beans, coleslaw, or French fries. The desserts looked good, but we shared a Bananas Foster which actually was delish! The rum and brown sugar syrup over the warm bananas and cold vanilla ice cream was tasty! Service was good, waitress very nice, wish they'd turn the AC up for the Dear, she was sweating her butt off. Would I return to Lola's? Perhaps, but just for the Bananas Foster.
1	Nope. We won't be back. Let me start by saying the service was great. Our server was a sweetheart. So, there is that. But right away we were disappointed when  the hostess told us there were no available seats within the restaurant. It was empty. But I guess there was some kind of event going on. Yet, all the attendees of the event were milling about outside. The entire time we were there, we never saw them go in and sit. This means we could have sat inside. We were not happy about sitting outside. West Charleston is right there and full of traffic. Annoying. Not to mention we were seated right on the curb so cars pulling into the restaurant were a mere arms length away. I just don't find sitting in the street with traffic a great ambiance for dinner. The food was just ok. We ordered the crab and artichoke dip as an appetizer and I thought it was very good. For dinner I ordered the blackened salmon, green beans and grits. I was not impressed with the beans. They were slimy and tasteless. The grits were fantastic. They were the highlight of my meal. The salmon? Ugh. I'm a salmon junkie. I love salmon. I'll eat it cooked (or not) in any fashion. I eat it at least once a week. This was, hands down, the worst salmon I've ever had. The outside was covered in some kind of spicy seasoning. That would have been fine but the inside? No flavor at all. Zero. With all the spicy seasoning on the outside, there is no reason my taste buds should have been searching out for flavor. But they were. My husband had the jambalaya. He said it was good but then he said it would be hard to mess up jambalaya. He said it didn't taste any different than any other place he has had it. It was good, but nothing special. Even though they messed up the salmon--like seriously just terrible salmon--the gouda grits and the great service would have had me back for a second try--if not for the crappy location.
2	Ordered a po-boy with blackened shrimp.  The shrimp was so oversalted it was inedible.  Had gumbo as replacement, it was passable but nothing special.  My wife had crawfish ettoufe which was good, but overall I don't recommend the food here.
5	Great for a family or buddies enjoying a bear, love the atmosphere and the food is amazing, saw this place on drive in dinners and dives, everything was perfect I'm surly going back this week, lolas= my new addiction
4	I am not a natural fan of Southern food, since I am from the West, but Lola's is worth your experimenting! I LOVE the peel-and-eat shrimp and the Southern specialty beers.  I ask the waiter for his or her recommendation and I've never been disappointed. But be ready for some HEAT!
5	It was very busy when we dropped in on last Saturday night.  We were politely greeted and told it would be about a 20 minute wait.  We were seated however in just 10 minutes at the bar where we chose to eat.  It has a nice Louisiana ambiance without trying too hard to fit a theme. The service was impeccable.  We ordered the crawfish etouffee.  It had a beautifully developed chocolate brown roux.  Also ordered were the shrimp po-boy, chicken jambalaya and crab cakes.  We sampled each other's order and agreed the etouffee was the best overall.  The shrimp was also superb.  Least favorite, but still good were the crab cakes.  It had good flavor and presentation, but the texture was a bit too uniform with the crab meat well blended into the crumb mixture.Sitting at the bar you get a nice view of the grill where you can see them fire up the oysters.  It is a great up sell just watching it.  We will try them when we visit again.
5	It's the best of las Vegas for a reason.  Excellent southern food.  Get the grits and shrimp or catfish.  Or with any Damn order.  Sweet tea could be sweeter but we aren't in the south and it's way better than Canes sweet tea.
5	My friends and I were in Vegas and they wanted to hit some of DDD places on Guy's show.   PLEASE NOTE you've entered Saints Territory!!!  ;-)Very small place but, we were there for the food and atmosphere.  Our server was super nice and explained everything to us.    We had:  Appetizer of the Craw-Puppies.  They were warm and cruncie on the outside.  The inside was soft but, they were packed with flavor for sue!  The sauce you dip the in was really tastey!   Bronzed Shrimp Po-boy and boy did the Bronzed shrimp have some POW!!!!    I wouldn't order the side of green beans again (a bit mushy),  Roast Beef Po-boy was so good our friend didn't offer us a bit! LOL   Sausage with the Gouda Grits- The sausage was very tender and not dense- had a great flavor the gouda cheese was awesome with the grits.  My other friend had a spicey Shrimp pasta dish.  Really just tasted like a regular pasta dish to me.  I would have had the shrimp bronzed... LOL We shared the fig dessert that came with Pecan Ice-cream.  It tasted like a warm fig pie.  We all enjoyed it.
4	I love Lola's.  It is one of my fave restaurants and my go to, before Smith Center dinner spot.  Shrimp and Grits are one of my favorite foods and will always order it when on a menu.  Lola's Shrimp and Grits are amazing.  The Gouda Grits are what does it for me.  They are to die for, as in order an extra side to go cause your are gonna be craving them later or in my case forever.  I also get the Catfish and Grits once in awhile to switch it up.  All the desserts are delicious.  Service is always wonderful.  Never have any issues there.  Everyone is very friendly, multiple staff members checking on us.  We are always taken care of.  Def try to make reservations, it's a small spot and gets full quickly.  I have called on my way before and they were able to get us in.  There is also a small bar, I have sat there a few times, outdoor seating or you can get takeout.  So really no excuse not to come try Lola's.
4	We enjoyed the grand opening at the Summerlin location. The place looks great and the staff was great. We enjoyed the evening and almost everything. However, the bar-be-que shrimp was a disappointment. Four medium out of shell overcooked shrimp with hard rice. Lets do this classic dish correctly. Use large in shell shrimp and rethink the sauce. Missing the garlic.
4	Great food. Great service. Reasonable prices. The only con is that it's not a very big space so it can get crowded and a little noisy inside.
5	Love love love the bronzed catfish and grits! I go to vegas alot for business and before even checking in at the hotel we hit Lolas! Service is awesome but I will say not any of the normal servers were there last time and with my tattoos and casual look I didn't get the great service we are used to having I think because other folks who look like they tip well we're being served alot faster and more often checked on.. I do tip very well so that was a big mistake. But I still love lolas and will be back often!
4	Great service!! Expectedly good eats, and THE BANANAS FOSTER is perfect. Not the bananas foster bread pudding, which we didn't have, but wow...just wow!
4	The red beans, rice, and andouille sausage gets an A, and the portion size is huge.  The shrimp creole gets a B.  This place does not have alligator po-boys, remoulade sauce, or beignets.  Had to ding them for a star because of that.
5	I LOVE this place. After visiting New Orleans and have had some authentic Cajun/Creole food, this is as good as it gets in Vegas and So. Cal. The owner flies in Leidenheimer bread weekly to make her authentic, true to form Po-Boy sandwiches. It isn't a real Po-Boy unless it's on Leidenheimer French bread. In addition, during the typical Crawfish season (March through June) she flies in these tasty things for a Friday nights ONLY Louisiana boil. It doesn't get any better. Tends to get a little too spicy, but hey, what do you expect from New Orleans?!  Other dishes are very yummy and the banana foster is perfect. Small joint, close to street traffic, but authentic Cajun/Creole food is worth tolerating these inconveniences. Staff is awesome.
5	The last review I made for Lola's a few years ago was laced with Strawberry Abita beer and a touch of homesick lol. However, I'll confirm that I still love Lola's and I find myself craving the (highly recommended) Catfish and Shrimp Grits. Love her desserts too. Looking forward to trying out her new location in Summerlin.
5	Love this spot, living downtown I'm here at least once a week to eat. Can't go wrong with the red beans and rice, or the Gouda grits. Service is always great and the gm is great! I've never left not satisfied!
4	Great location.... Very authentic...... Wait time for food could be shortened.... Still highly reccommend
4	Love this place!!  We originally went in for some crawfish- (my husband was feeling adventurous)- come to find out their is a season for crawfish. Guess we will have to come back for the crawfish boil.  : PWe loved our food!!!  I had the gumbo-- wow. Flavorful, full of goodness with a hint of spice. My husband had the Bronzed Shrimp-  amazing. Spicy, thyme-y (is that a word?),  wonderful. I ordered the Gouda grits but they never came.  Our server remembered halfway through the meal however at that point I was full and didn't want them. She was kind enough to bring me a sample. Cheesy goodness!!!  Definitely will keep Lola's on our list of places to go when in Vegas.
5	I found this place after watching an episode of DDD and I'm so happy I caught this episode!  First of all I've been looking for a great Cajun style restaurant in the Las Vegas area, and have never had any luck finding it. Until Lola's!  The place is actually a bit small, but if you're not there during the lunch rush or anything it's totally fine.  I've never had a dish I didn't like there.  Their po' boys are delish!  Their Cajun style fettuccine Alfredo with blackened chicken is to die for!  Service is always been nice. Met the owner wants and she was a sweetheart.  Oh, and their bread pudding was phenomenal!  Always a pleasure going to eat there!!!
4	Took a friend from out-of-town for lunch last week. My first time too, but I had heard good things about it. The food was indeed excellent. I had a soft shell crab as an app and he a cup of gumbo. Next was shrimp and grits, and my buddy had the catfish and grits. GREAT! However, we came hungry and had to spend $60 (only one beer) to get full. Not huge eaters, but portions could be more generous. Just sayin'.
2	I've never eaten here before until today. I ordered for take out due to not having time to dine in. I spent $12 for the jambalaya chicken and sausage and was very excited for my meal, UNTIL I got back to work and opened the packaging only to realize that the container wasn't even half way filled with food! I'm heavily disappointed and will not return! Now I have another 7 hours to work on a stomach half filled with food. Not worth the money at all to take out!!!!!!
4	Real New Orleans poboys bread? Must try next time I'll come to Vegas!
5	great Cajun food, worth the stop. the staff were friendly and had quick service.  will make this a must stop whenever in Vegas.
5	Fantastic Food and service. Ordered wings on a scale of 5-10 and the chef made a point to come out and recommend the sauce be served on the side.
5	I had the Bronzed Catfish and Grits with pork sausage.   It was a wonderful, taste popping meal.   The grits are a restaurant specialty that includes smoked gouda cheese as one of their ingredients.   This place is directly south of the premium outlets.   We stayed parked and walked to Rick's Restorations, which is across the rail tracks from their parking lot.   This restaurant was featured on DDD.
4	Great food. My wife and.I enjoyed.it .Only negative is the door opening brings a draft of cold air in the room. Kind of annoying when you are comfortable eating dinner
5	Great Cajun food. Try the bbq shrimp plate. Excellent. Only thing was not enough food but the flavor was awesomeness.
3	Nice small decor. High expectations based on the yelp reviews. The gumbo was spicy. As in too spicy to actually enjoy it. Grits were flavorful but very thick. Not very creamy in texture.The catfish po boy was about the best thing going on at this place.
4	Came for the first time and didn't disappointed. Really good, fast service and friendly staff. They also have local beers from Louisiana.
5	On our list of must try places in Las Vegas & as seen on triple D, this was our first stop after a 6hr drive (due to unexpected traffic) from SoCal. Made reservations (recommended) and were seated within 10 mins. WONDERFUL hostess! Waitress was was great too. Everyone was professional and friendly. Recommended: Deep Fried Soft Shell Crabs meal (3 crabs with 2 sides $19.99).Char Grilled OystersBlackened shrimp & gritsSweet potato friesGrilled chicken breast (very moist and flavorful) with white rice.
5	Wanted to check this place out because it was on DDD and I was in Vegas.Sweet tea was good & free refills!Loved the crab cake and crab artichoke dip for starters Bronzed catfish and grits were good! BF had the Shrimp Charlotte.Banana Foster was good too loved he ice cream!Took the crab Po'Boy to go!Will be visiting again whenever I come back to Vegas!
4	Blackened catfish grits, shrimp grits, crawpuppies - everything here is amazing, and Abita to boot! I've eaten my way through NOLA's best, oldest and most well-known eateries and Lola's has it down. She  refuses to buy shrimp from anywhere but the gulf, and orders bread from the big easy too, and the attention to detail shows. My growing gut hates Lola's, but my tastebuds love it!
4	I've had Lola's on my radar for a while, but I've never been a huge fan of Cajun food. I decided to give in and come here for a post Christmas celebration with my OG.We walked in and we were seated quickly. Everything looked pretty good but I decided on the bronzed shrimp and grits and my friend ordered the jambalaya with added shrimp.My dish was great. The grits were nice and cheesy and the shrimp had a great kick. Very spicy. My friend enjoyed his dish quite a bit and said his was incredibly spicy too, in a positive way.Service was attentive and friendly. Luckily they were very good about keeping the refills coming, it was definitely appreciated with the spice levels they serve.
