3	This used to be a much cooler club. However, for some reason they changed the name and the decor... not bad now but I miss the old one.
4	Despite is ridiculous name, it is a great club.Really good mash up music-Ciara meets Grandmaster Flash meets Madonna's Hung Up meets Britney meets Rick Springfield's "Jesse's Girl" then Eurythmics in 5 minutes or less, well done DJ Vice, well done.Decent drinks.This place gives hetero clubs a good name though my sister & I agreed there wasn't a good looking guy in the place. So give another star if your hooking up depends on alcohol and good lighting.
4	every time i come to Vegas i make a stop at body English.  it is sooo much fun!  the vip room and the tables are great.  definitely worth the extra price. there is often a huge line to get in.  either get there early, bring some extra cash or some extra good looking girls!  on new years eve this place was rockin.  they have fog that shoots down from the  ceiling.  this is such a fun place!
5	I don't remember anything past saying.... "Tommy, where the fuck is Tommy!?  I want another bottle of muther fucking Grey Goose."Yeah, its always entertaining hanging out with entertainers.
4	If you can get in without any hassle then it is probably hands down, the best club in Vegas any given night.  If you have to fuss with the asshole bouncers, then it's not even worth the frustration.  I was once on a guestlist created by the event planner herself and was given a lot of trouble once I arrived.  Last laugh was on him though, he got  reprimanded immediately after I sent a couple text messages.   Once inside, you often feel like it's everyone from Hollywood who drove out or took a flight in to party in Vegas.  This being good or bad is up to your personal opinion.  Music is great if you are looking for a good mix of top 40/rock mash ups.  The dry ice smoke blasted down on the dance floor is always a surprise which often leaves me overwhelmed, blind, and stumbling....  that and the 8 shots of patron, with an Irish car bomb kicker.
5	Probably one of the best clubs in Vegas.  The whole vibe and atmosphere of the club screams drunken stupor fun.  It reminds me of the ultimate bachelor pad.  If you go, you must get bottle service as it is worth the money and saves you the hassle of fighting to get a drink at the bar.  The strong cold fog/steam intermittently really makes the experience memorable.  Crowd is great and is just  a lot of fun.
4	Pay attention kiddies, this is what partying like a rock star is all about. the BEST party in Vegas is the upstairs VIP area of body english. Not that the rest of the club isnt good..butYou go in, you take a quick left and you party on this terrace looking over the whole club. Lots of bottle of alcohol, lots of beautiful women and surprisingly a very inviting crowd. I was speaking with this local drop dead hottie last time I was there about this. The reason the party (Read: The GIRLS) is so much more fun and friendly up there is that everyone in VIP knows you either know somebody or spent a little bit of cashola to get up there. You arent just some geek tourist who does most of his drinking out of those yard sized margaritas. Its ASSUMED that you must be a decent guy..decent enough to talk to to find out for sure.  Are you listening fellas.. hot women will give you the benefit of the doubt by virtue of being up there. I would definitely say thats worth the price of "admission". Ill say again, the upstairs VIP area in body english is the best party in Vegas..
4	Great club from what I remember, but the bartender had no problem giving 1 customer 4 beers (only in Vegas).  When I went to give 2 of them to my buddy he had decided to cut himself off (we had been drinking since our plane got in at 3 in the afternoon).  So there I was.  With 4 beers.  I drank them all the rest of the night is highlights ending with me in the bushes out front.  I hope to return someday and check it out again!
5	Best club in Vegas, i go every Sunday for industry night with my boy Bill Le (the mayor of BE). GREAT music, AWESOME crowd, KILLER atmosphere always a good time. Can't go wrong in a place with co-ed bathrooms, right? If you can't remember getting back to you hotel everytime you go to a certain club, you know you've picked a winner. Doesn't hurt to know people either. I never wait in lines ;)
3	I had heard soooo much about Body English I was a bit nervous it wouldn't live up to the hype.  It didn't.   Two years ago when my husband and I were in Vegas we didn't really understand how the clubs worked.  So we made a feeble attempt to go to Body English....we waited in line for an hour (the first, last, and only time I've ever waited in a line for a club....) until we just decided to drink and gamble in the Hard Rock.  2 years later we are much older and wiser.  And better connected.   I gave my host a call who put us on the guest list.  Because we listen to everything she tells us to do we got there at 10:30 right when it was opening.  I was the first one in the club that evening.  The bouncer looked at everyone else and decided on us.  This is why I love my host.  The bouncer was even nice enough to comp us the admission price so we were the first to be let in with no waiting and no cover.  Just how I like it.  Unfortunately, that is really where the fun ends.  Body English is really just one room.  There isn't much done to make it aesthically pleasing either.  The music was awful.  AWFUL.  I love Common, don't get me wrong, but a nightclub isn't the place.  I also wasn't impressed that they were relaxing their dress code policy and people were coming in and tshirts and sneakers.  If you're going to have a strict policy make it strict and keep it strict.  I was so underwhelmed.  I think it is just too clubby for me.....I'm more of an ultra lounge kind of gal.
5	BE, BE, how do I love thee, let me count the ways ...Ok, I won't, but here's the spiel. Agreed, if you are looking for dancing, some quality club hiphop, happy generous crowds, plenty of bathroom stalls, random attacks by nitrogen foggers when you're sweaty, and a dais in the middle of the floor for you and all your girls to flail wildly on top of, with regular smashed glass pickups by cutish barbusboys - this is the place to go. It is not 100% perfect EVERY time, but for reliability and bang for your buck, it is a GUARANTEED good time, even if it's not perfect.Oh, and there's a MIDGET! aka, small person. He mans the elevator. Come on, how is that NOT worth your time?That is far more than you can say about any other club in Vegas. Many of the clubs the hosts will try to push you to are "lounges" - ie, everyone stands or leans around looking svelte and expensive, and no one dances. Everyone wants to just judge others while wearing as little clothing and as much bling as possible. It's like LA, but with bigger, nicer environments and more interesting people. And the music sucks butt - it's for lounging, not dancing, so it'll toy with house or old school hiphop and literally make you yawn.Here, you've got the VIP room (never been in it, never really needed to be in it), the table balcony up top, booths all around, big fat bar on the lower floor, tables up top, big fat bar on the higher floor, and the bathrooms are well away from the action.Only downsides are if your feet hurt and you want to rest them, you have to lean against the upstairs couches, or find a wall and hope you'll not get jostled or shooed away by staff. Front door guards are of course full of themselves but they're far better than what you'll get at Pure and elsewhere, and once you get in you aren't peeved at the contrast of cruelty outside and crap inside.Here, no crap. But be prepared - yes, it's dance time. A couple years ago they focused more on the club hiphop, and since DJ AM they play a little excessively with the rock mashups (which are fun, don't get me wrong, but the exact same mix every 3-month trip to Vegas gets old and predictable). Nonetheless, when terribly drunk and focused on having fun, you WILL have fun and the DJ will not stupidly play crap to prevent you from having that fun.We've also had lots of great incidents of hot random men dressed VERY well. Like, hot tall dark handsome men in velvet suits with ascots. Yes. YES!!There are the occasional idiots, but again, this is not nearly as much a meat market as other clubs. There are just a lot of really sweet people eager to have fun with the friends they came with AND the general crowd. People will just smile and be nice and it's rare man, it's rare. It adds to the fun.I've had the nicest bachelorette interactions here than anywhere else - here they're all effusive and giggly and free, versus bitchy and whiny obnoxious elsewhere. And yes, please, don't wait in line unless you're under 25 and have the energy. Git thee a VIP host/concierge on speed dial. Seriously. As for the dress code - I've never encountered jeans and sneaks here, but every club makes occasional mistakes or has an off-night. But again, the fun you'll have here is, if you're looking for danceable hiphop - the most you're EVER going to get in Vegas. Seriously. We've looked. All over. In every corner. Steadily since 2003. I ain't even kidding.
5	Great Great spot to go to in Las Vegas if you wanna have fun.  We showed up for the Tyrese/Akon show and after party, but once again hit with a road block.  So me and the whole celeb crew got ushered around to the back door (wink wink) and slipped right in  VIP and begin the party.  Soon as we enter Tyrese and posse got on stage and proceeded to blow the club up and it was a crazy performance with naked girls jumping on stage and acting wild.  I loved it....In VIP girls and guys are always trying to figure out you are when you're nobody but when you're with a bunch of somebodys then it baffles the rest of the public, which was OK with me.It was a blissful night with dancing and happy people having fun.
4	Im going to sound like goldilocks here, but I'm going to do it anyway.  Some clubs are too big.  Some clubs are too small.  This club is just right.  Big enough to get a real party going, but not so big that it feels like an endless maze of themed rooms or a giant industrial wharehouse.  Nice mix of music, attractive crowd and plenty of bartenders.  I will, however, say that getting in was a major pain.  Yes we had a large number of guys, but its not like we were wearing pocket protectors.  My god they were rude about that.  That said, you know what the good book says: To err is human.  To forgive while downing mutiple shots of grey goose - that's just fing divine.
5	This is the best club in Las Vegas! The music was great...the blast of cold smoke was a fun way to cool off...LOL! I don't remember the drinks being more expensive here than anywhere else!I had no trouble getting in both times i've been here. I can't wait to go back!
2	Have I finally taken my fill of flashing lights, tasseled pasties, chiming slots and waiting in lines for Vegas clubs on the strip?Not yet. But Body English clamped a lid on my Vegas spirit (or killed my buzz) my first night on my trip. Thank god for Jet on Saturday!So, first a full disclosure. I'm giving Body English 2.5 neutral stars because I did not go inside. I have been to Vegas numerous, multiple, did I mention many? times and know the routine - it's always risky to go to clubs without an "In." I understand the drunken f***s that bouncers are up against. But BE sucked ass.Me and two of my friends (all guys) joined the pack outside BE around 11:30pm. The lack of any line structure led to pushing from behind by impatient clubbers, and pushing from the front by inflated dimwit bouncers. A cabby later told me that the Hard Rock Casino didn't double-down on clubbing when it was built and had to retrofit space later, causing lines to spill out into the casino. Since when did a Casino do something on the cheap?Women could get in pretty easily but dudes were screwed. I was reminded of agonizing times outside clubs in Miami soliciting pity from random women - offering to "please let us pay your cover and buy you and all your friends drinks for the night so we can get in!" I'm not arguing against having a good ratio of women to guys, but give me a little false sense of hope please!Obviously the bouncers were holding out until midnight when free entrance passes would expire. Other friends found some women yet still had to bribe the Fabio wannabe bouncer $200 on top of paying $30 cover each. We capped our bribe at $80 but gave up -- BE smelled thick of inflated demand by keeping a crowd outside. This club didn't feel worth its fake hype. We felt good about bailing despite having wasted an hour and a half of our precious drinking/dancing/gambling/sinful time.I don't mind waiting, I don't mind the hustle, but I do mind the lack of respect, and the lack of lines or sense of what it takes to get in.(0 * stars)
4	Strawberries and champagne?  Yes please!  And can you add a hot little sparkler in that while your at it?  Awesome!Looking to celebrate a birthday, a marriage, a...being single?  Body English is the place to go!  You don't have to be celebrating anything special, but the fabulousness of your new hot dress to come to Body English and be treated like VIP.  Ladies....if you dress the part you'll be in like Flynn.  I'll let you in on a little secret.  If its all girls... don't wait in line, just nuzzle up to the front and give the little shoulder shake to the door man and let him know how many girls are with you.  Guys...if you are willing to pay the $$$ you will be showered with hot woman, strawberries and champagne.  If not and you are just a bunch of dudes???? Good Luck!  TIP...find double the amount of girls as guys and you'll get in much quicker.  For those that are lucky enough to make it into the doors of Body English...its a fun night to be had by all.  And on Fridays, they give away free shit to girls!  Like Betsy Johnson shoes and top designer jeans and jewelry...that's enough to make me want get naked, paint myself red and shoot of fireworks to get in!
4	love this place!! as a group of 8 girls, we werent too worried about getting in. nonetheless, i put us on the guest list. we waltzed right up front, talked to buoncer for about 2.2 and then we were in. not to mention it was free champagne all nite for the ladies, a fashion show, and steven tyler was there. sweet!! the drinks were strong (only bummer is they were expensive, typical vegas). the dance floor was roomy and the dj was great. we also met up with a bachelor party that was more than willing to share the vip booth and bottles of vodka. i really like the layout of this club too since you can stand above and check out the crowd. the other bummer was that our guy friends couldnt get in for the life of them. i made the mistake of going upstairs to try to get them in, but that didnt work. the cab ride from mandalay was cheap, so dont let that deter you from hitting up body english!! i would def go back!!
4	Saw Metal Skool here a few weeks ago, and it was a great show. I'm used to seeing them at Key Club, which is a significantly larger place--so it was cool getting up close and rocking out. Bartenders aren't snooty like many of them are in LA. Drink prices aren't ridiculous either--pretty reasonable for Vegas.
4	It was definitely better the first time I went.  But I must say it was still good times this go around.  Thanks to our boy that hooked us up for Tao b/c he put out the word for Body English and we were escorted past that loooonnnnggg line.The dance floor was P-A-C-K-E-D!!!!! And the bartender that served us looked like a Nordic God. It was Dave Navarro's b-day but we didn't get a chance to see him. O'well.
5	There is no shortage of Nightclubs in this city, and one opening every week it seems. Body English has made the Sunday night party the most fun. The club is intimate and not overwhelming like some others. It is dark and elegant, not filled with rooms and rooms. The service is of the best in town, and always a good time. This place isn't trendy, its classic. Drinks are a little expensive, but I have paid more at some other places. Get a table upstairs and watch the whole room party, its fantastic!!
4	Not as great as Tryst but way better than Jet majorly.  Throwing out high aces since they're very favorable for chicks. My gfs & I entered w/hardly a fuss. More essentially the selection of friendly hot guys will keep this place jump'n for us & the rest of the female guests. Everyone in our group got at least one hookup if not a number. Our bachelorette at the time rose to the challenge & scored 2-3dozens on her gag gift tee. Seems like all the drinks were covered by someone else not in our group either--usually a few sexy studs nearby. Lotta body shots going on too. Hence the appropriate name of this club. With an open attitude, ladies you definitely won't be disappointed. =)
5	ladies!!!  this is the place to be on sunday nights because the ratio of men to women is about 5 to 1.  they play the usual mix of hip hop/80s.  when "party like a rockstar" comes on, the club goes CRAZY!  it gets crowded but i had a blast here.
5	I loved how dark and seductive this club was.  The tables are built into the wall so it was like having your own little cove.  We met one of the owners and he was super nice, letting us sit at his table even after he left. Gogo dancers were hot and the bathroom attendant was the sweetest lady! On a friday we got bracelets for free champagne all night, which I loved!
1	I had a feeling I wouldn't like Body English too much...and I was right! It wasn't too bad when we arrived...there was actually SPACE TO DANCE! But like 20 min later there was a flood of people entering. Terrible crowd and the music kept repeating. The guys working there are super annoying too! They don't let you sit or stand anywhere for two seconds! I lost one of my friends in the crowd and they wouldn't let me find her! Every one is packed like sardines on a pretty small dance floor...EW!  I dunno maybe it just wasn't for me but I would NOT go back.
1	Tale of two clubs. This is my second least favorite club in Vegas. 1st is Pure. But this place....I think it's retarded packed. It looks like fire code violations everytime I come here. The place is definitely for show. If you don't have a table. Expect to be packed with people pushing and shoving just to get a drink. I think some of the bartenders are a little slow. Bottle service...is ok given that the cocktail waitress can fight through the persian empire. This place is usually a who's who of whos. But It's just not my thing. A. Some people smell... B. Some people stink. C. Boobies rub against you. D. Uh the opposite can do the same thing. It is a little dark in there. So when you get your girls out and they go from "heey"  to "heeeey I'll be right back(RUN)" Fridays they give away free stuff for women. Steve Madden Shoes, Glasses, purses, gift bags, etc.....Its funny because they come in. Get their free swag. Then run. MWAHAHAHA! Plus they don't pay cover cuz they use their sexuality to get in.....They pimp boys for drinks...Wow...am I anti women right now?I want a club where it's enjoyable to be at and hang out. If there's a 500 capacity don't make it 800. It's retarded. Well I have to admit. It is better than Baby's. Plus my VIP host there is pretty cool. Cooler than most. The problem is getting in. Ok it's a little hallway - no control of the crowd. Plus getting in and out of the Hard Rock is not the easiest thing to do if you park in the parking garage. Rehab is definitely much better. But remember Vegas - This week it's 110-116 degrees....HAWT
3	Mosh Pit of sweaty people... ugly girls dressed up as sailors on TV all night... saw Slash (who is he again?) and like a 7 foot tall guy. Again, the usual crowded place, there was no decor here but it was rather large and in charge.... again no wait or cover for me so.... yea. 3stars.
1	Can I give no stars?? Is that possible? Ok. This is very belated as I went here about a year ago. But I feel I have a service to uphold. I must give my opinion.  Ok...Saturday night.. I along with one male friend of mine and 4 female friends get prettied up and head out.  We figure, hey...why not check it out. So we go, and we get there about 11:30PM.  Couple problems: 1) upon arrival, I should have known we were doomed because the hard rock as having a "busy night" and would not valet your car unless you were a hotel guest. Lame right? I think so.2) We get to the club.  Not much of a line. About 30 people, mostly frat-boy looking dudes in front of us.  Remember my group is 2 guys/4 chicks. So I'm thinking..."we'll get in fast".  Wrong assumption. We waited for AN HOUR!  Yes, one hour. ok. 3) Cover was horrible, can't remember how much, but it sucked. Too much4) Get inside, need to get some drinks. Bar area crowded with sausage.  Drinks, just like everywhere...expensive. That's expected. 5)  DJ...very bad.  Seriously...did you seriously play "Sweet Home Alabama!?!?!?" And horrible transitions between songs. 6)  Sausage fest.  I believe every white boy over 6' tall was called in from Nebraska for a convention.  It was ridiculous.  TOO MANY DUDES! I've never had some much male-@$$ rub up against me in one night.  It was seriously horrible.  After about an hour and a half..i had enough. We had to get the hell out of there. Too much cack, and the kittens that were there, were not even close to be attractive.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS HELL HOLE!
3	We were already SUPER buzzed before heading out to Hard Rock.  While we were waiting for the rest of my friends who actually stayed there, some guy in the casino was handing out free passes.  Since our friends were guests and talked to the concierge beforehand, we were all on the list.  Our girl-to-guy ratio was about 5-1, so we waited for only a few minutes.  We got in for free, but the rest of our party (guys AND girls) had to pay the $20 cover!  wtf?!  The music was reminiscent of my iPod when it's on shuffle.  80's music transitions into hip-hop, which then transitions to Top 40.  Kinda weird, but I still managed to dance on the overcrowded dance floor.  There is NOWHERE to sit if  you didn't splurge for bottle service.    Overall another drunken night in Vegas, but thinking back on it while I'm sober only allows 3 stars.
1	If you are looking for the trendiest nightclub in Vegas, this is your place. I went here a couple weeks ago for a bachelorette weekend in Vegas, and we actually got in VIP, (someone we were with knew a password or something). The only cool thing about this place is when you are walking down into the club you feel like you are entering some kind of secret society. You walk down into this dark, velvet lined hallway into the club. Once inside you are ushered onto a packed dancefloor, because the guards standing around will not let anyone stand for more than 2 seconds. This was the most packed dance floor I have ever seen, and the Hardrock has made the oh-so-smart choice of using real glassware to serve their drinks..which then get placed on the floor, smashed, so that all night you are dancing on broken glass. Scary. Basically, I like a club where you can actually dance, not just sway from side to side, but that's just me. SO if you are looking for a dark club (it's so dark you can't really see any decor) where there are all kinds of lookalike chicks and dudes, then this is your place. If you like something a little more eclectic, then it's not. Oh, and the music was..interesting. No real theme, a mishmash of hip hop (old and new) one 80'song and some Mariah. (WTF?)Not the greatest nite of my life, but I'll live.
5	one thing i recommend for any club in Vegas is not to go  between 10-12 unless ur a hot girl, u have a table, or ur ratio to guy and girl is like 1 guy to every 10 girl. thats for every club. now for body english we met some cool guy on our way out from another club and he took us here since we wanted to go, so no wait or anything. We had the most fun dancing here besides tryst. I dont remember much besides that but it was packed.
5	ORIGINAL REVIEW:Love this club!   Thumping, intense, body-rubbing, freak dancing party till 4 in the mornin' club.  Truly Vegas.Body English is different from most other typical clubs though - it has an exclusive, upscale atmosphere - not trashy at all.  Super good music, and the decor is beautiful as well.  Baccarat chandeliers hang over your head, and the dance floor gets blasted with cold air whenever it starts getting too hot.  Also, there is another even more exclusive club within the club called The Parlor.  Everyone wants to get in, but once you do its really small with very low ceilings and can get pretty claustrophobic.  The scene at the door is ALWAYS ridiculous - if you're not getting a table, don't know anyone at the door or have a host to walk you in, be prepared to stand out there and fight your way to the front of the crowd in hopes to get in (as you can see, a lot of the bad reviews about it are from people who didn't get in).  The club gets packed easily because its not a huge space, and when its at capacity they shut the door down.  So, get there as early as possible...ladies: look your hottest and flirt your way in; fellas: get a table or slip the guy $$$$ unless you want to be out there forever.Last year for my bf's bday we got a table upstairs which was an awesome experience, and I've decided to get a table here for my birthday in October.  Cant wait - the music is always good and it is really one of the best clubs in the country.UPDATE:  So, I did end up getting a table here for my birthday back in October '07.  They gave us the best table in the house, RIGHT on the dance floor.  It was so awesome- we were partying our asses of until one of the managers came over and informed us that we had been "bought out".  I was about to go ballistic, until he told us he was moving our party to a different table and COMPING THE ENTIRE CHECK.  Yes- we got 3 bottles of Grey Goose and a bottle of Dom for FREE!!!  Ahhhhh...I love this fucking club.
5	Been going here since it was Baby's. The layout is much more inviting now. The colors, furniture, fixtures, chandeliers, texture all much sexier. Celebrated my 30th bday here with 20 of my closest friends in the upstairs VIP area. Table service was very professional, full service and what I expected of a top-notch Las Vegas nightclub.Not sure what it's like on weekends these days, since I'm behind the bar myself those nights, but Sunday nights here are more fun that Fri or Sat nights at most clubs in SF.If you can find a casino host to walk you in, you'll save yourself a LOT of time trying to wait in "line" and paying the $30+ cover charge at the door. Of course, don't forget to tip...
3	Fun, but definitely a "younger" crowd. The music was good, but the venue was smaller and had less of a crowd. Good times if you're looking for a more chill spot. :)
4	Spent Saturday night here with bottle service in the upstairs VIP area.It was WORTH it!  I had a blast here.  Body English is truly a "dance club" -  Not quite as stuffy as the newer clubs or ultra-lounges in Vegas.   We arrived around 11pm  and the music was iffy - alot of old school and freestyle.  Not that I minded, for upon looking down on the dance floor it was completely filled with women dancing!  Throughout the night the music got better and better as they mixed in some classic party music with current hits.  There's nothing like being wasted and singing Mr. Brightside with your best buddies and new found friends.  I didn't leave til the club closed at 4am.
4	This place was pretty sweet.  We came to Body English to see Metal Skool ('80s metal cover band + comedy), who play there every Thursday night. Recommended if you haven't seen 'em before.  I got pretty pumped when we first walked in because it's got a cool vibe when you descend the stairs that eventually lead up to being *behind* the stage.  Kinda makes you feel like you're making an "entrance," even though you're behind the band equipment and speakers, etc.  Cindy Margolis was at one of the reserved tables and Metal Skool brought her up on stage for a song.  Clearly she's a fan.The club itself was very cool, I thought.  Good atmosphere, pretty decent-seeming crowd in general, responsive bartenders.  The drinks were overpriced, but I guess you have to expect that.  Even the bathrooms were rad (check out my picture of the sinks!).  But they were some of the darkest bathrooms I've ever been in -- everything is super black with just a little light.  Maybe they were disgusting ... I wouldn't have known, heh.I would recommend hitting this place up if there's a band playing you want to see.  With no band, it might be a bit dull to be here, but otherwise it was cool.
5	I've only been to Body English once, which I really regret because it is so cool. It's probably the best club I've been to in Vegas, and I've been to almost all of them. The inside is huge, the music is awesome and there is plenty of room to dance. The one time I went there we were whisked to the front of the line by someone who used to work with one of my friends so I can't speak to how the line gets, but I'd say it is probably worth it. Highly recommended.
4	What most people don't realize is that the location doesn't matter as much as the crowd.  If you go to any club on a weekend in Vegas, you're guaranteed to be crushed beneath a wave of tourists and frat boys.  Why bother?No, the best night to go clubbing is when the locals are out.  Prices are more reasonable, seating is more relaxed, the crowd is less pretentious, and you actually get to meet some quality people.  I went on a Wednesday night, and I had one of the best times ever!If you're a guy, you're still going to pay through the nose to do this right.  Easily a few hundred a person.  But your money goes much further on a weekday night, and you'll have a much better time.If you are going to go to Disneyland, why go on a Saturday?  You wanna wait in line for 4 hours just to see the same moldy yeti that failed to scare you as a kid?  No, you go off-peak when you can run around the park with abandon and cram as much excitement in as possible.  Same with Vegas - party with the locals, you'll never regret it!PROS:- Recently remodeled, but old enough that you aren't going to get ripped off like at the newer mega-clubs- Nice layout, easy to navigate and get around- Locals night (Wed) is fantasticCONS:- Expensive (not for the feint of heart or the light of wallet)TIPS:- Make sure to get a VIP table with bottle service, otherwise you'll be stuck in line for hours hoping that your jeans are tight enough and your friends not too fat.- Tip strategically and tip often!  The VIP host can put you in a better table.  The waitresses will get you drinks faster.  The bouncers will bring girls over to your table.  Everything should be in $20s or $100s.
5	I've had an amazingly good time every time I have gone here.  Most recently was for the Scion closing party for SEMA.  The bartenders know how to make stiff drinks and it didn't help that it was open bar.  The music was great and although it is crowded it never seems to be so packed that you can't dance like it sometimes is at Tao or Pure.  I like the VIP tables that overlook the dance floor.
3	I thought this place was mediocre.  It just feels like Webster Hall in NYC with a bit more style to it.  The sound system sucks compared to other clubs.  But I guess all of this could be made up for with multiple cocktails so whatever.
1	Overrated I have to say.  I was in Vegas for my birthday in September and heard it would be a good place to go.  We went on a Sunday night not knowing if it would be happening but sure enough there was a lot of people gathered in what I thought was a typical club line.Ok, standing in "line" (which by the way as soon as the doors opened became just a mass of people with only a true line for table service and hotel guests) for 3+ hours = no fun.  Not being in a true line = no fun.  Having a Fabio look alike as your bouncer and having him pick and choose whom he feels is good enough to go in (i.e. big boobs, fake fake personalities) = no fun.  Finally getting in after gathering up 5 girls who we didn't know to only shimmy through the club because it was waaaay overcrowded and to then have guys twice my age try to hit up on me = no fun.To sum it up: no fun x 4 = I'm done with this place.
5	Every time I step into Body English, I feel like I'm enter some English Rock Super Stars home. With leather booths and crystal chandeliers everywhere, one wonders where club designer Kelly Wearstler's vision even started. Enter a side room called The Parlor, strictly for those in the know, and you will find yourself in THE place to be for House Music on the weekends. DJ's Donald Glaude & Jack Lafluer have been found spinning The Parlor, just to name a few. On Wednesdays, Body English brings the House Music out of The Parlor into the main room for Ministry of Sound, where you can find top bill guest DJ's spinning here weekly. There are a multitude of VIP tables, but at the same time, plenty of room to walk around.
4	When its not insanely crowded (which it almost always is) Body English is one of the best places to dance in the city.  This venue boasts crowds both inside and out, thus the tricky part is getting in a timely manner.  Knowing one of the promoters is always helpful, but at this place its less crazy than the lines at Pure or Rain per se.Rockin music from live acts, house music from talented spinning DJs on the weekends, and hip hop music from a kick ass sound system is one of the few reasons to appreciate this place.  The drinks are insanely priced, but few clubs in Las Vegas ever have good deals on drinks.  Most people that are here for that are already drunk or buzzed before they even get through the door.Since the place isn't amazingly large, its best to enjoy the moments before 1AM/2AM rush of people begin pouring into the place.  Also, its harder to enjoy this place if one doesn't go in a group.  That said, the vicarious crowd of and beautiful staff often times make up for the little inadequacies that surround this Hard Rock mainstay.
4	What a swank looking club, the interior is fab and very visually pleasing. Plenty of bars and space to order, and they are very heavy handed so tip well, they take care of you! When I was here, there were maybe 3 to 4 DJ's that spun that night, all were pretty good and a nice mix of music the whole night. The one and only dance floor was a let down, as it is so small and unfortunately all the drunk girls don't know how to mange carrying a drink in there hookers heals...it's a lost art I think ; )  The restrooms are very nice as well and it's never a long wait.
3	I went on a Sunday in which Body English has a theme called "Sunday School", where the bartendresses wear school girl outfits.  It's also locals night so you better watch out because unless you love that packed sardine feel to a club, you're not going to enjoy this.  The club isn't very large, but it does have plenty of space for a good crowd (except Sundays).  Drink prices are the same as anywhere else.  The style isn't anything I haven't seen anywhere else.  The bouncers and hosts seem to be pretty unorganized in this place.   The music is played by DJ iTunes also known as the MacBook.  It's just a club that never caught my eye.
4	+1 star for not waiting in line+1 star for being a girl and not paying a cover+1 star for getting a bracelet for free champagne all night+1 star for having enough space to dance my ass offThings I learned while in Vegas: There are definitely reasons why champagne is offered as the "unlimited drink." You can only drink so much of it. Props to myself for letting an "old man," who I thought was 35, but according to my friends definitely was not, buy me enough drinks to make me think he was 35. Go me.
5	I absolutely love this place on all points. I went to Body English in the middle of Vegas' dead season (end of Fall/start of Winter) and it was still the best place to be. -There are many attractive people there so it's a great place to people watch. -They make strong drinks, so it's a great place to get drunk. -They have an amazing venue where you enter on an upper floor and walk up to a hopping dancefloor which you get to by walking down a wide grand stair so it's just a great place to be. -and last but absolutely not least, they have the best DJ i have seen in a very long time. Classics are updated and mixed in with new jams seamlessly and the DJ certainly knows how to keep the vibe up with the right music selection and sequence.I highly recommend checking out Body English the next time you go to Vegas. I went there after a crazy/no-sleep/work conference week and still had a great time.
5	This is one of my favorite clubs I've been to in Vegas. There is no line to get in, you gotta be picked, so dudes gotta get their girls to the front if they want a chance to get in. The place is really big, and the dance floor is big enough to accommodate a large group. Plus the VIP area doesn't interfere. The music was OK tho, they always trying to mash up rock and hip hop, playing some Kelly Clarkson, how you gonna play Kelly Clarkson at a club? Drinks were good sized and good or maybe that cute  vietnamese bartender hooked me and my friend up because she can see the viet in us. Bouncers were REAL cool there. My friend got sick so we had to take him back to the hotel. But the bouncers were real cool about it and let us out and back in the club with ease. Slippin him a couple washingtons did the trick too. Shout out to our boy Clareance.
3	I can't really complain that much about this place since we had a sick table with amaaaazing bottle service and one of the hottest waitresses I have ever seen (it helped it was "catholic school girls" night). but the club itself really doesn't offer much. the dance floor is pretty small, there isn't any super cool attractions inside, and it overall just doesn't bring much to the table. the bathroom setup is sweet, but why the hell would you go to a club for the bathroom setup? yeah, no idea.
3	More like 3.5 stars.This place was actually pretty good.  Better than I expected.  There wasn't much of a line when we got there, but there were still people waiting outside.  One of the girls in our group talked our way in without waiting...I guess that'll account for the .5 star.The place is actually really nice.  It's big, spacious, and covers 2 floors.  The top floor where you come in from is the main bar.  There's room to talk and chat and do your nasty there.  On the sides are the VIP areas.The main floor is downstairs, and with the good music, everyone has a good time.  There's another bar at the end of the dancefloor and moving to and back from the bar was never a problem.  Not a bad place.
1	So we're (my husband, sister, two friends, and myself) walking through the Hard Rock checkin' out places to eat, when this guy stops us and asks to go check out some club. We SO are NOT club people. Seriously--we were only in town because my husband's band played at the Beauty Bar for a Punk Rock Bowling after party. I explain this to the dude. So does every other member of my party. We were not dressed for a night club. We don't like hiphop which is what he told us was going to be played. We were hungry and wanted to eat. And we really wanted to just go and lose our money at the Blackjack tables.But the dude INSISTS we go. Telling us we'd be doing him this tremendous favor... That if we went he'd get us in for free, get us dinner for free, get us a round of drinks, and drink tickets for in the club. He looked absolutely desperate--this was intensified by his use of a cane due to a broken leg. He walked away for a minute and we discussed our post dinner club strategy: Go in. Have one drink. Leave.  We actually thought about ditching the club all together and just getting the free dinner, but he said if we didn't show up he'd lose his job. He was a handicapped, desperate, little man--it pulled at my heart strings!He mentions there are like NO girls at the club and the ratio needs to be balanced. Okay, so he didn't exactly say it like that, but that was how I interpreted his asian hip hop slang. Aww... he needs us because we have VAGINAS! (4 out of 5 of us any)... No problem. We go, we leave.We go into the restaurant  in which we were supposed to get a comp'ed dinner. Instead we get an appetizer in the lounge/waiting area--no dinner; no table; no chair. Everyone else is in sexy dresses and we're there trying to balance plates and drinks while sitting on a couch in jeans looking pretty pathetic and out of place.Whatever... no dinner, no biggie... We gamble til the club opens and at 11:00 we walk up the pretty sparkly mob outside the door. Our little friend finds us and I inform him that lines suck. So he walks us in and waves us past the girls collecting cover charges and down into this cute psuedo goth but not cheesy dance club. He gives us an overview, points stuff out, and says: "So I'll need to collect a customary tip from you--$20 or $40 bucks a person usually." HAHAHA.... Woah buddy. We told you a ridiculous amount of times that we don't like clubs, we didn't want to pay to get into somewhere we had no desire to go, and we weren't into hip hop.So I'm guessing he was one of those VIP hosts that others have mentioned in their reviews. And hey, I'm sure they serve a purpose--if someone really wants to go they can pull some strings and for a little tip make it happen. That's great. The difference is: we did not want to go, he begged and bribed (literally) to get us to agree to go, and then said everything would be taken care of.We. Were. HORNSHWOGGLED! Being dishonest sucks. Elijah was the dudes name... So get his promises in writing.If you're into the club scene, great. Go for it. If not, skip the club, screw the VIP host, and spend your money on a hookers or stirppers or whatever suits your fancy.
4	Skip the weekends and check out Sunday School or Wednesday nights, esp for house music. Better yet, go straight to the semi-secret side room for a more intimate setting and better chance of good DJs. Girls get somewhat fast-tracked at the door by signing up in advance on www.napkinights.com (or wearing lingerie on the OUTSIDE of your clothes, of course).
3	This is not the prettiest club but always packed.  I think most would enjoy this kind of club: large, lots of people, squirmy, drunk "bisexual" chicks dancing on the platform, top 40s/hip-hop, long line to get in on peak days, house/electro in 2nd room.. it's perfect for most Vegas goers.  Don't expect anything out of the ordinary or drink offers from hot rich men.
5	I love this club!  My girlfriends and I went here on a Sunday night, and after a disappointing Saturday at Tao, we were eager to make up for it.  Body English did not disappoint.  Awesome music, not too crowded, friendly people, strong drinks.So, how do you have a good time at one of these clubs?1) Be a girl.  1a) Be a cute girl traveling with a pack of female friends.2) Dress UP - ladies, that means heels and fun dresses3) Get on the guest list.  We got on the list through a contact at one of the stores at the Forum Shops (seriously, ask around while you're shopping...club promoters drop passes off to those stores all the time.  In our case, a bartender at Body English has a girlfriend who works at one of the Forum shops, so we were able to contact him directly.)4) Get there early and stand as close to the bouncers as possible.  After waiting in line for perhaps 10 minutes we were approached by the man with The List.  We were polite, smiled, and soon the velvet rope was lifted.  We were in, along with free passes and some drink tickets!5) Use your free drink passes at the bar, and order something strong.  Even though it's free, be classy and tip the bartender anyway.6) Hang out near the VIP area.  Make some friends.  Get invited to sit down.You now have a place to sit during the evening, and free drinks.  Be nice to the guys who have invited you to their table, but don't feel obligated to do anything that makes you uncomfortable.  Now go out on the dance floor and have some fun!
2	For a vegas club, this one has gone down the drain.  I've gone a few times thinking that it would get better, but never did. The first time I went it was practically all men there. Other couple times I went and there was almost no one there. Music was, decent, but I would not recommend anyone waste their time off the strip at this club.
3	When in Vegas, I only have one rule: I don't talk to guys older than 27. Hey, it's my trip, my rules. After being horribly disappointed at CatHouse and ghostbar, we ended up at Body English. Quick recap: three clubs, one night. Money spent on cover charges: $0Money spent on taxis: over $50Body English, a large cavernous subterranean club,  delivered, in spades. That said, the young crowd was somewhat rough. Which is fine by me, because I love hanging out with asian bboys. Who knew I had to travel to Vegas to party like its San Jose? My friend was not impressed, she likes cheesy rock boys. After dancing to numerous jay-z/beyonce/rhianna remixes and having to listen to a Carmina Burana interlude three times (!!! seriously? what is up with that?), she decided she'd had enough of the soldiers. All clubbed out (7 clubs starting 11 pm Friday night to 2:30 am Sunday morning), we decided it was finally time to hit the craps tables.
4	I like BE's crowd more than LAX or JET.  BE had lots of tables and celebrities there.  Some rapper than nobody knew was MCing for a bit but nobody really cared.  Sorry!  Then Mike Myers and Chris Rock was somewhere around but we couldn't find them in the VIP area either.  Oh well, we still met some cool folks and danced the nite away!
4	Stars are for good music, cool and fun crowd, and large booths to catch my zee's before the next venue...All clubs in Vegas now must live up to a standard experience- Tryst at the Wynn....memories..........so far the standings are for my "Vegas (don't forget to wear your underwear) Club Experience":1. Tryst at the Wynn2. Prive at Planet Hollywood3. The Bank at Bellagio4.LAX at the Luxor5. Body English at The Hard Rock
4	My favorite club in Vegas based on music alone.  The interior design is lacking, trying to get in the club if you aren't a group of 4 girls can be ass, the wait for drinks can be long, and location wise its pretty far from the other happening clubs in Vegas. But...I absolutely love the music they play here!!! My number one spot in Vegas to get my groove on.
4	Cool place, cool music, good drinks (and reasonable).
4	Love Body English.  Love that it's not big, and that the drinks are stiff.  Never had a problem getting in - even with two of my guy friends.  The only thing lacking is dance space.  Get on their mailing list and getting in will generally be a lot easier - if not a lot less costly.
4	Great Club! Had a blast here. We got in free (of course since we were a group of 7 girls!). We got a table and they comped us bottle service. They even gave us delicious watermelon shooters. So yummy! If I had a choice, I would be drinking that all night. Good music, not super crowded, and great service. This is definitely a place to go!
3	Body English is a pretty big place! It reminds me of LAX at Luxor...but more goth like! The music is kinda ehh...and it's definitely not my crowd! I love hot white boys...and there were plenty...but it's a total buzz kill when the music turns to "...I just died in your arms tonight..." dance version! I mean...seriously..how do you even dance to that!?Anyway, we had no problem getting in, but then again, we didn't get there til like 2am on Saturday night (technically Sunday morning but you know what i mean!).
4	I love this place! Never have had a bad experience here, except for the VERY first time I tried to get in with a bunch of people and we ended up not getting in (it probably didn't help that we were with a bunch of guys...), but I DID go subsequently (with more girls, of course), and have had a great time every time!Body English, unlike many other clubs in Vegas, is WELL-VENTILATED. Meaning you can get your groove on in the middle of a crowded dance floor and not feel like you're choking on hot air after 5 minutes. If you have a sugar tongue, you can talk your way into the VIP section and crash tables...most people with tables don't care, especially if you're a girl and they're guys. :pBody English does great promotional events too...like free champagne and free fashion giveaways for girls! (Yes, I've actually gotten free...GOOD quality stuff from the giveaways). It's usually easy to get into, there are always guys working there who are looking to give you the hookup. The last time I went, I was able to walk in a few of my guy friends without much difficulty.
3	If you're tall and you like tall hot white girls in a club filled to capacity that is always too cramped to walk around the dance floor and the bars, then this is your spot.I felt like a midget walking around here.But damn, this is the spot for a Sunday night out in Las Vegas.  Quality plus on the majority of the females in this building.  Got walked in with no wait or cover charge by our homie's hot lady friend Amber who's a bartender over here and at Prive.I remember having some green looking bitter sweet shot in the bottle service area with everyone, does anyone know what the hell that shot is?Kudos for the hot school girl hostesses.
4	Very nice club. I had a friend who worked here so he got us in for free. Good people, good air ventilation and fun music. The crowd is more decent than most clubs which MIGHT translate until the people not being as slutty. If you love random-people-dancing, this place is slightly harder. Still a cool club regardless.
5	I would give it 5 stars only because we got spoiled with everything and anything we wanted, music was dope the bartenders were super nice, also we got away with having our bachelorette throw up in our VIP booth.. lol. and they still let us stay.. usually all clubs throw you out. My girls enjoyed it. and plus we didn't pay full for bottle service only because my homeboy hooked it up and plus getting walked into the club by the VIP manager and getting special treatments? haha... I'm sure my girls won't forget the night two white girls wanted to come party with us, we didn't know them.
4	(still waiting for pics on the bradley ogden restaurant, so i'm skipping around in my vegas reviews.)  93 reviews?  yikes!!!  what can i add?  hmmm....loved the music.  lots of good dancing music.  loved the fact that our bachelorette party arrived after midnight on a saturday....walked right through the line...to join a group of boys who already had a table upstairs.  loved being able to chill/dance with just our group and not on a very crowded dance floor.  that's about it.  we didn't pay, but i heard the tab was $1500.  man...table service.  i will never understand it.  (and no, none of the gals went home with any of the boys.  they were just ol' fashioned good guys.  well.......actually.....the guy who invited us is a good friend of the bride's sister.)  oh...and they do let you pour your own drinks at the table here...which is a lot more than i can say for some LA clubs.    yea...i'm not the girl to turn to for reviews on clubs.  carry on....  ;-)
2	This is supposedly a Las Vegas hot spot for Saturday night... it was ok. I loved the decor here much better than Tao. It was very pretty. The large space had fantastic chandeliers, plush antique looking chairs (very comfortable) and a good layout. Compared to Tao, the music is better (more variety, less rap), the guys are better looking (at least when I was there) and it's *slightly* less cheesy. The girls are still half naked and bimboesque, but you can't ask for too much in Vegas I guess. The elevator going down has an attendant who is a dwarf. He has an awesome outfit on (little suit and top hat), and is charming. He was so cute I wanted to hug him. I think I would have enjoyed it more if my feet didn't ache from the night before.
5	What a fun club. Being a clubgoer who usually ends up not liking most of the clubs, I give this place 5 stars! It might be because we had a table upstairs in a reserved area where we got to dance by ourselves, enjoy the drinks and rest our feet a little. The layout is well done - so if you wanna mix into the crowd, there is a huge huge dance floor downstairs, and the music really rocks with lots of 80's (yeah I'm an 80's kid.) and less of R&B which gets sickening after you hear at any club you go. You can dance like a chicken here and nobody would care - so not a pretentious cheesy place at all. Crowd is good and not annoying. Overall - perfetto.
5	Body English is one of my favorite clubs in vegas. It's such a fun place to get hammered!! The music on friday nights are so good and the drinks will keep you going all night long. The dance floor is huge and there is a lounge area near the entrance. There are also small stages for the girls to dance on. If you are a guy and you try to dance on it, you will be asked to step down. Sorry, fellas. It's off the strip but worth a drive. The guys are pretty good looking too. ;)
4	Everyone seems to love Body English... I can only say I "like" it.  I mean, it's a good club, but it's one room, essentially, and these days in Vegas, more rooms = more fun.  I do have a good time when I go here, though.  Make sure you get a drink from Brian at the back bar - he's the bald guy!
3	For a Vegas nightclub, they seem to be able treat people like humans. First, every bodyguard/usher/attendant was charming, courteous. I was escorted to a nice back room area to rest my tired feet when I was done dancing. It also had a bar with the sweetest funniest female bartender. This room had it's own DJ, that needed to learn about avoiding dead air. Many a gaps between songs. Poor guy was booed. But he wasn't the dance floor dj. Maybe it was a practice room. Main dance floor has many levels. Djs don't over do the songs, will play a song for aboutu 2 minutes and switch it up. It didn't seem as though they chose a genre other than the most fun and danceable songs that cut across the genres.  Music is loud but not too bassy and not too ear piercing....you could still talk to your group if need be.  The thing I don't like is the gawkers who stand around certain dancers on the dance floor. If ya gonna be on the dance floor, ya best be dancin'! And of course, the club has the creepy vegas dudes who wanna just come up and dance because they like your skirt, or lips or hair or whatever! I didn't pay, was told girls don't pay, guys do, and I was also given a free gift -  a pretty lounge dress.  Sorry guys!
4	This has been my favorite club by far in Vegas. Granted, I am NOT a club person. i usually get claustrophobic and run out. But this one was awesome. The music is excellent. I didn't get to wonder around the whole club but the VIP area was awesome and the drinks were way cheaper than Rain's VIP section. It was a little hot in there though. Lisa and I posted it by the bar the whole night and drank purple hooters till our legs started to move.The music variation was impeccable, from rock, to rap to alternative to eighties to classic rock. Not just your run of the mill dance music. This club wants you to sing as well.
4	Saturday night.  More inappropriate attire.  Surfer on Acid shots.  More tequila shots. More Red Bull & Vodka.  Cocktails.  Beers.  More cocktails.  Round II of the Bachelorette Party.  Body English was a lil' tamer than Tryst but, I still got love for this club.  Very different scene, very different atmosphere - slightly older crowd, not as diverse but with a whole lotta white boys (which my girls and I do not mind at all).  ;-)  It's on the "smaller" side for a Vegas club (one large dance floor) and it's not on the strip but, I think these are both pros for Body English - it's a nice change of pace/scenery from the sometimes "over the top borderline Cancun cheesy factor" Vegas mega-clubs.  Once you walk in, it feels like you're stepping into a sexy, exclusive establishment with what appears to be a lot of tall, good-looking people (then again, it could just be the lighting and the fact that the crowd consists of so many tall people).  There are "bridge and tunnel" types but, there are also a lot of "yuppies" and "hipsters" at Body English, which is welcome change (although we did meet a shamelessly nasty guy from GE, ugh).The music on Saturday nights is a mix of hip-hop, house and a whole lotta 80s rock!  Normally, I would shake an angry fist and throw my drink at the DJ if I heard a set of 80s rock but, 80s rock is actually fun when singing along with a dozen buzzed girl friends.  The 80s rock probably explains the majority "white boy" crowd (again, no complaints here!).It doesn't  hurt that the DJ (DJ Clinton Sparks - who is HOT,  btw) freakin' ROCKS the party that rocks the body every Saturday night.  And, in true Vegas fashion, celebrities make an appearance at Body English every Saturday whenever DJ Clinton Sparks spins.  While we were there, Carmen Electra showed up, the Asian guy who inspired the movie "21" was in a VIP booth at the front of the dance floor (I wouldn't consider him a celebrity but, the DJ called him out), Duran Duran made a special appearance and one of the members got on the turntables and spun house music and 80s for awhile.  Overall, Body English is a dang good time.  If you're "so over" partying with 21-25 year olds and want something a little classier than the Vegas strip mega-club experience, make your way to Body English.  PS) Special shout out to Jason @ Body English.  I emailed Body English about a week before we arrived in Vegas and Jason immediately responded.  All we had to do was ask for him once we arrived and we cut through the line and velvet rope, no cover, and were on our way in.  Nice. Thanks, Jason!
3	I don't think I would really ever want to come here again. It's SUPER dark in here, I am surprised I didn't see anyone eat sh*t coming down the stairs. So glad my group did not have to pay, I would have been even more disappointed.Maybe it's a lot better on other nights, but Sunday, the supposed night to BE there, was not doing it for me. The crowd was a bunch of run off from the earlier Rehab. ew. The downstairs VIP room is so freaking stuffy it's gross. The dance floor is tiny and full of girls???????Off the strip, save yourself a couple of bucks and head to someplace better, you deserve it.
2	If you are exclusive, or cater to a certain crowd then do it.  Don't say you do, and then just let anyone in.I went this past friday.  The scene to get in was horrid.  I was stepped on, elbowed, smushed and shoved for ten to fifteen minutes, just to tell the doorman I was there.  This was no good for me, since I had wrenched my knee the day before.  So by the time I got into the club, I was gimpy!After the door experience, everything was fine.   Good music, lotsa drunk girls thinking they were hot dancing on a platform.  However, we saw people in this club in tennis shoes, t-shirts, shorts, and hoodies.  This type of dress is supposedly not allowed in the club.  I would have def.  have loved to dance around in my comfortable clothes.  If the experience to get in was better, it would have been like every other club I have ever been to.  It was nothing special.  But the line at the door, and the fighting crowd made this a horrible place to visit, as well as the 20 dollar cover for ladies and 40 for men!
5	First a few words on Vegas. In Vegas you get what you pay for more than any place else on earth. Truly you get what you tip for. Tip early in the relationship (i.e. bellmen, dealer, cabbies, limo drivers, bouncers, etc.) even if its just a couple bucks and you will receive plenty in return. If you want to walk around and admire, by all means . . . if you want to sit down or be a part of the action you have to pay. Once you understand and get past this part, the world that is Vegas can be your oyster! The first rule is budget extra money. Everything cost more. Second rule: get to know your hotel concierge. Unless your buddy's sister virtually runs the club you want to get into (Thanks Kiley), the concierge at a major hotel has some serious pull. My concierge at the MGM got me and my five friends (all guys by the way) into the VIP line at Tao and past the cover charge. If you know Vegas, you know that if you tried this by yourself (and you're not Jermaine Dupri or Jay Z) it would cost you $500.00 before you even got in the club! Guess where I'm staying from now on. They can get you past the lines, on to guest lists, VIP access, table service and past the cover charges and that is their job! You don't need to roll with a five to one girl to guy ratio in order to make your trip memorable. Though, it always helps.Now Body English is a premier place to spend your early mornings! The party is best between 11:00pm and 2:00am. It will be overcrowded (especially on the dance floor) because that ensures its continued popularity. Its all about hype and image in Vegas. By the way the dance floor in every club will be full or that club will be called something else when you come back the next time. Keep in mind that  most clubs in Vegas these days have paid employees to be on their dance floor dancing. They look normal (they took them out of the cages and for the most part out of the ridiculous outfits) If you're a guy, you've had to notice that group of twenty or so really hot women who never seem to come off the dance floor, want nothing to do with anyone else and seem to disappear after about two hours of straight groove cutting. That's them. At Body English they're pretty easy to spot because they all dance on this elevated platform on the dance floor at the foot of the main staircase. This is done on purpose. As you come down the staircase the really hot "employees" are dancing right in front of you so you automatically think, "This is a good spot!" Ignore them like you would a light fixture. That's business, you want the ladies there for fun. Now the VIP Room is fun but the real place to be is Table Service on the dance floor (Sounds crazy right). There are three tables in Body English roped off and right at the edge of the dance floor. Trust me when I say that every hot girl in the place will hit the dance floor at some point. Luckily these tables cannot be missed. Its very easy to catch a girl's eye and invite her and her friends to take a break with you and a Grey Goose Cosmo (You don't drink these, she does.) at your table. You'll pay through the nose ($250.00 to $400.00 a bottle) but you will be rewarded.
4	Pretty fun club. I really HATE clubbing, so I guess you can skip my review. It's kind of hard to get in, you need something close to a even gender ratio to get in. It was about $20-40 to get in (for males). Once you're in, it pretty lively. The place is pretty small. Very crowded dance floor in the middle, so it's easy to just start dancing with random people. The crowd is quite diverse. The DJ is VERY good. He played so alternative re-mixes that was quite different and enjoyable. The drinks were okay, I only had patron shot and coronas. Water is $5 per bottle of Fiji water. They have special celebrity guests perform nightly, this night was Kolbe O'Donis (sp?) ... he's pretty good!
4	This past Saturday night I was in Vegas with a group for a girls weekend and we needed a place for a birthday celebration. We decided on Body English since we got a freaking sweet deal for a table...needless to say the whole night was perfect starting with our arrival at the Hard Rock. We passed time in the area outside the club since there was a drink stand and chatted with some guys that were hanging out there as well. We met our host Mike outside BE and got right in. Working with a host and having a table is definitely the way to go at Body English...I'm not sure I would have loved it as much if we had just waited in line. From what I remember, the music was really good and got us all up and dancing for the whole night. It is really dark inside but I think that adds to the atmosphere and ambiance. Plus isn't it better sometimes to not be able to see the guys hitting on you and your friends??Our table was in the corner on the second floor. We had plenty of room to get up and dance which we did. There are tables near the dance floor downstairs but I actually think the second floor tables are better. I left my purse at our table accidentally and ran back up to get it before doing a shot at the bar and it was still sitting there with nothing missing (whew!). And since I apparently lose things after drinking heavily, I lost my phone at some point and somehow a random guy at BE (probably at the table next to us) found it and returned it to my friend.  For six girls, our table ended up costing us around $95 each (my friend who set up everything took care of the host's tip by herself as a present to the birthday girl), but like I said we got a really sweet deal so I would count on around $150 per person normally.We had a great night at Body English and I would go there again with a group of friends when I am in Vegas the next time.
2	Boo......  I didn't really like Body English ummmmm at all.  We came here on Sunday during Memorial Weekend so the place was packed.  Fortunately I was with 9 other girls, so the 10 of us were able to get in for free and get walked to the front of the line.  Which I am very thankful because there really isn't even a line for this place is is just a mad group of people out in front trying to push their way in it  was a little chaotic and claustrophobic trying to walk to the front.  The inside isn't much better.  It is really dark and pretty compact.  The bouncers even have to use flash lights to see everything.  The scary part is it has a bunch of stairs too which are hard to master when you are drunk, pact in, and in heels.  The dance floor is super Tiny too.  Thank God for VIP and booths or else there would be no place to sit down at or get a drink.  And good luck making it to the dance floor, it was packed, I still can't figure out how people even got them selves out there to dance.  Oh, and even if you did make it to the dance floor there really weren't any good looking people here anyways that you would of wanted to dance with.  Thats was after my friends and I left haha.
4	I recently went back to Body English with a group of girl friends for a birthday celebration and I am pleased to say that this trip left a much more favorable impression than the first.  The table we were at was in a fantastic location in the back end of the second floor and had plenty of room to dance around it.  The music was 1000x  better than my last visit.  I wish the service aspect of our bottle service experience was better, our waitress was practically non existent and you don't get assigned a security guy like you do in other clubs.  (But the entire area is roped off so perhaps you don't need one...)  But I have to admit, I wasn't a big fan of the co-ed bathroom.All in all I left Body English very happy.  And with half a bottle of vodka.
3	This place was okay.  Well, i went here on a Sunday and it was packed to hell.  Main room:  They played some good music (primarily hip hop), but can i tell you that you could barely walk.  Plus, the cigarette smoke was so out of control, it was noticeably out of control versus some of the other clubs i had gone to.  VIP room:  AKA Deep House Room - was hot like you were in hell.  I mean, it was crazy.  I think what made me feel more claustrophobic is the low low low ceiling.  I am not sure if i would go here again.  I think if i was to go here again, bottle service is the only way to go.
4	When the news broke out on yelp that someone pooped on the dance floor at a Vegas club recently, my heart nearly stopped...See, the only thing that you should remember in going to a club, in any club, is to not drink so much that you forgot all holy hell and don't remember anything that happened to you from the night before....Thankfully, it didn't happened at Body English on that evening, or that weekend that me and my girls were there!A LOT of other things happened to me when I was there. Getting in free, check. Going  to VIP room, check. Getting first free glass of champagne, check. Getting our groove on the dance floor, check. Getting another glass of champagne while dancing on the cage with friends, check. Getting out of the cage while some creepy middle age dude trying to hit on bunch of girls, check. Getting back to the VIP room and getting more and more rounds of drinks, totally passing out and not remembering what happens next and waking up at the hotel room totally clean with my friends, check!Totally worth it.
1	I wish I could leave a good review of this place but I have never been inside... I just had to deal with a very arrogant " doorman"I go to Vegas often, frequent all the best club... about 2 months ago, on a Sunday night, we tried to go to Body English. 2 guys, well dressed, not drunk... No line... he would not let us in and asked for $100 each.... I would not mind paying to get in BUT it was Sunday and slow... so why the attitude?We ended up hanging out in a lounge until 3:00 am and then headed to Drai's for a great time...
4	probably the best club that we went to in vegas.... i had the most fun here.. we got to go into the vip section downstairs,  which you couldnt look through from the front.. nothing much back there.. then went upstairs to the vip area.. met some nice friendly people that had one of the best tables in the house overlooking the whole crowd below... body english played the best music... hip hop, r&b, rap, old school goodies... we were on the stages behind the vip table most of the night..   later on we were at a table on the first floor...  and the overall feeling of the club was great.. everyone was into the music.. and it wasnt too hot inside because they had bursts of cold fog shooting outhighly recommend this club!! my friends say they always have a good time everytime they comeoverall the
1	I have to say it was a disappointment at this place where the bouncers think they are gods and the shiets but in reality they are a bunch of money sucker.  My friends and I were there sunday night and we were basically the first ones in line but that really didnt matter because a fabio wannabe bouncer could care less about it and was just looking to make some money. So 25 bucks to grease the bouncer per head then another 30-40 bucks for cover on a sunday night?? NOT WORTH IT especially it was filled with a bunch of guys there anyways! Unless you're a girl then you wouldn't be dealing with this bull shiet. It was a disappointment.
4	I had so much fun when I was here with a bunch of girl and guy friends. The decor has a british haunted mansion feel to it. The music variety is awesome and it's not as touristy as say, Pure. I was surprised at how DARK the place is so be careful walking around.
4	Oo la la .  Went here twice, got in pretty quickly both times, both on a Saturaday, both times were fun.As you enter the club, you see the bar and a bunch of people.  The crowd seemed to be on the younger side both times.  Anyway, we headed towards the bar to grab a drink.  We were already pretty hammered from drinking earlier but decided to get a long island anyway and it was good.  Then my friend's drunken friend decided to get 3 bottles for table service.  Oh wow, ballin...  a bunch of us gathered around the table, my friends were all pretty drunk...  people kept falling over onto the stack of glasses...  Security kept shining lights at our table for the workers to clean up the glass pieces.  Literally a second later, another person fell all over the stack of new glasses.  I think we had security shining lights at our table the entire night.  Oh it was too much to handle, but pretty funny in retrospect.
5	Body English is the best club in vegas! I always go here when i'm in vegas and always have fun. Ladies get in for free if they talk to the bouncers... sorry guys $20-$30 cover charge. The crowd at body english is usually younger and the decor inside is more gothic/rock. The best thing about Body English is the music...Its one of those places where you're constantly dancing because everything they play is good.  The only bad thing is that it gets a little too crowded here sometimes.. but overall, go, you'll have fun.
1	Can I have my money  back? First of all on Sundays Body Englishes theme is "School Girl Sundays" If you dress up like a school girl you're supposed to get champagne free.So my chump ass dressed up like a school girl. Was there anyone else who was dressed up like a school girl, other than the girls who worked there? No. Well I take that back. My friend dressed up as well but since we're in the same group, it doesn't count. So my friend and I feel out of place because we're dressed up like it's Halloween. It's already bad enough that we're dressed up but there's a freaking HUGE ASS disorganized line to get in. Granted I probably waited no more than 15 mins but it was just irritating. Once you get in, you still have to wait in line to pay. $50 for couples. $20 for girls, $30 for guys. I never paid that much for a club, now I know why. So finally after paying the ridiculous cover, our group walks down to the actual club. God did it suck. It's packed to the gills, you can barely walk, let alone see where you're going. Stayed here for 30 mins TOPS. I probably would of had a better time at a strip club then spending the $ to get into here.
2	Went with a VIP so no problem getting in, but the club was pretty lame.  Dance floor was packed, but nobody dancing.  Grind it out if you are going to be on the floor.  Not that many good looking people in the the place, I thought that was kinda weird.  VIP room has about a 6 ft. ceiling, but easy access bar.  Method Man was there, apperantly he is pretty concerned about being caught on TMZ. TMZ ain't checking for THE WU.  Mystery from that dating show was there.  He wears that fuzzy top hat in real life, he tried to hit on my wife (she liked it) Why am I going to clubs with my Wife?
4	I like Body English, and had a great time when i came here for Sunday School a while back. Cool tunes, lots of dancing, and I seemed to drink enough that I was really really drunk by the end of the night (as evidence of the photos - not my memory)We didn't pay to get in, nor did we pay for our drinks that night, and we were in the VIP area, meaning that we had space to sit, etc.  The dance floor was packed. Me being a little older than the typical vegas clubber (just a couple years.. shhh) was much more at home here, than say Pure.
3	This place is alright. They play a mixture of music. Oldies, hip hop, rap, rock... We went on a Friday night. I thought about half the crowd there was a bit ghetto. The dance flow is small. On the plus side, they give away free stuff to those who wait early in line to get into the club and wait early in line to get the stuff. They were giving out clothings, but beware, they don't have much clothings to give. I would say they gave away probably 15 total, and many of the sizes were medium and large. They give 1 clothing per person. This place is pretty good for local ladies cuz it's free.
4	this place always serves up a good time. I like coming here any weekend night to get my drink on. I love how they the fog machines spraying down the first time I came here. But I don't know if they do it anymore. I like the two story feel and how the sound system is totally blaring in your ear.  One of my favorite places to come back to time and time again
3	This place has lost a star.  Ok, I love my club host, who totally sets me up with getting into places, and he didn't disappoint here either... but maybe it was the night I was there (fri) or the crowd or something, but it was just off.  Like not good off the hook, off.The club wasn't nearly as busy as it usually is, there were tables empty, the bartenders were actually smiling and waiting to help serve you, rather than being 5 deep in customers, and there was no wait for the women's bathroom.  (that right there should tell you 'something is wrong')drinks were good, i can't say I didn't have fun, but by 1am i was ready to go, and headed back to the strip to do some other clubs.
3	As soon as we got here I think I downed rubbing alcohol that some random guy that friends of friends met gave me. He says it was vodka, but I think it was rubbing alcohol. Needless to say I guess I was disinfected through and through. Then the guy's friend asks "Hey we've been waiting a long time. What took you guys so long."Seeing my friend dead silent, I decided to be nice and try to answer, after all they have just provided us with a cleansing. "Oh we just flew in, I hope you weren't waiting too long were you?""I've been waiting all my life for you to come along."That's when I basically laugh in his face. "Seriously? You really tried to use that line? Really?" "Well I had to try it.""Oh no, you really didn't." I continue to laugh, and he disappears not so mysteriously back into the crowd. Apparently I've been told Lindsay Lohan frequents here. I can't see why. The music is TERRIBLE, with dead stops in the middle of the sets, and very poor song selection. Then the lowlifes there think that if they buy you drinks you have do pony up something, and most are too drunk to notice that they haven't supplied drinks, so then lots of shoving was required on my part. I would rather buy my own drink than to talk to people who are shady shade.Nevertheless I still had fun because of the company I was with. Best nerd moment ever was when a friend busted out the iPhone and spun it like how you'd spin a glow stick. I was cracking up so hard. That's what made this worth it. The people I went with, and that they have air cond full blast in the desert.
2	Pretty overrated overall. Don't bother waiting in line unless you're getting a table or are a really hot girl.  Standard 3 hot girls for 1 guy will probably get you in without waiting in line. The club is quite smallish...the hostesses at the VIP tables were quite good though, very professional but the DJs have been very weak whenever I go here.  Layout is nice inside with a cool vibe but the layout of the club itself is a bit odd....maybe in some flyover state this would be a hot spot...but in Vegas, there is a lot better you can do....its a shame because the HRH is my favorite hotel to stay at and I usually go elsewhere for nightlife. Body English doesn't do it for me, bad crowd, weird vibe, and crappy music.Crowd is very Inland Empire.
1	i went her on like an monday  night maby it was early or something it was empty it totally sucked there were a bunch of dudes in there its not cool like i thought would be o well bettluck next time im in vegas
5	Very very good club.  If you come to Vegas, you got to hit this club up.  I dont know if it made a difference, but I went over Labor Day weekend.Music: They played all the hits...hip hop, rnb, and rock.  I'm not a big fan of rock usually, but I got into it that night.  Crowd: Nice mixed crowd.Size: Seemed like a pretty large club.  Most of the 2nd floor were tables with 2 bars.  1st floor were tables along two sides of the club and also in the center.  Decor: Nothing really special or eye catching at Body English.  Everybody raves about the decor over at Tao and Pure, but who cares just as long as there is great music!  There is a huge chandelier  center stage that comes down every now and starts spraying mist and stuff.  Kinda cool...LOL...just thought I'd throw that in there.
4	Body English is one of those Vegas clubs where you need to know people. Jason is the head bouncer and he has long hair...MAKE friends!! Not once did we wait in line/pay cover...and this was all due to making friends with Jason...so thank you new BFF!We walked down the stairs and entered a beautiful club, I mean really, they have baccarat chandeliers! There is this VIP room down to the left, where if you are a hot girl, you will be ushered into. I wasn't really a fan, but it was good for getting drinks, as there were no lines and all the high rollers willing to buy/pour drinks.I have to be honest, I don't like crowds, and Body English tends to pack in the people, so for me, the VIP upstairs section is the only way to go....again, MAKE friends with the bouncers that guard the stairs to the VIP area, they will come in VERY handy. Upstairs are the tables, which as a girl, unless it was my bday/bachelorette party, will never pay for, (because guys sit at ables and offer you drinks/seats all the time). The VIP tables re fun because not only do you have your own private dance area, but you Can look out over the crowd below and enjoy the sights, as I did, ( there was a guy "making it rain" for 2 straight hours...I mean who has that kind of money to throw?).We ended up at Body English both nights, but only because Sunday was the White party...and hey, my dress was white, so how could I refuse?Body English isn't my favorite Vegas club, but it's in the top tier...
2	....I really don't understand the hype and the good reviews this place has at all. First, the place is off-strip. I don't mind too much since Hard Rock is a nice hotel. But after getting here, Body English was not as great as expected. We even went on the "recommended" night. The night I went, the DJ was spinning mostly 80's music and nothing modern. While I do enjoy my 80's music, it got a little old after awhile. After a few songs, we decided to leave to romp around elsewhere in Sin City.
3	Kind of far, kind of small, kind of stuffy.Good music, good drinks, good crowd.
5	This is my favorite place in Vegas!  We have had an annual girls Thurs-Mon trip for the past 5 years and I've been here the most.  One year was 3 out of 4 nights but that story to come.  I think I love it the most because of the mash-ups.  I LOVE the music here and dance the entire time every time.Atmosphere:Smaller than the huge ones but still good space between upstairs and downstairs.  It's not as flashy and maybe darker than some of the other ones but I love the vibe.  It's also more hipster.  I've seen less dressy and more individual fashion.  I also feel like I've also met more ppl in the entertainment industry here which is a nice change from my corporate america engineer day to day blahness hahaOur Group: Ranging from 4 to 7 girls.Getting In: First time met a promoter.  Second, third and fourth time we were staying at the hotel.   This is a "crowd" gathering vs. line place so definitely get to and talk to a bouncer and he'll hook you up.  I would say less than 10-15 minutes.  Staff:Love the bouncers, love the bartenders, even totally made friends with the bathroom attendant (she was hilarious).  Why I especially love Hard Rock.  We went to BE on Thursday and I lost my wallet.  Assuming that my trip was dead but still needed to get on a flight I went to the police station to file a report.  Not only did they not give me a hard time about getting into BE Sat and Sun night after I worked with the hotel to file whatever reports, they always took me to the front of the crowd with my friends to get in no problem with no wait.  Drinks: I think it's average prices.  We've paid for drinks here less than any other place (maybe why it's my favorite too!).   Last time we met this group at the pool that was having an all weekend magazine/vodka thing so we had these bracelets for free drinks all weekend all over the hotel.For the Single Ladies:Typical vibe.  Very good looking guys - I met some of the hottest guys in all my trips to Vegas at the Hard Rock pool and BE.  Bachelor parties.  We have always also met people to go into that side room that everyone else is talking about.Dancing:LOVE IT, we dance on the main floor, upstairs, in the side room, on top of booths, you name itVIP:Tables and roped off areas right by the dance floor, booths on the sides, upstairs, side room.  They are all great.  Side room is nice because of the private bar.Overall Experience:I would say that the dance floor gets really crowded and there is less of the bouncers keeping walkways cleared here.  Sunday nights are the best because of locals and people staying after Rehab.  Very beautiful men and women that night in particular and everyone is so nice.   I think my review of places also takes into consideration that my friends and I do not have big boobs (arguably I don't have anything at all lol) and aren't your stereotypical barbie but we still have a great time and are treated well there.   I was not there in 2008 but I'd say check it out!
3	Visited this club last Sun & Thu this week.  Nice club in general.  It gets really crowded especially on weekends (ie: we were there on a Sunday night & the club was full!).  They have the School Nite going on every Sundays where ladies dressed up in school uniform gets to drink champagne on the house.Good music, lots of beautiful people, friendly service, relatively safe, situated in a nice Hard Rock Las Vegas Hotel, ...If you want a scenery/music shift, you can visit the club next door where there's live band performance.  It's called 'Wasted Space' - what a name,
5	Off the hook!!  so much fun!  we made a couple connections to bypass the line and get us through and after we had our pic taken on the red carpet on the way in i had a good feeling.  Club is very nicely done, layed out well...bars upstairs and down. I think they could move the vip area on the dance floor and have a bigger dance area but that would probably be my only critique.  Drinks are good and the DJ was AWESOME!  he kept playing one great song after the other and the crowd was really going.  My only complaint and I guess it's not about the club, I know the bouncers are just doing their jobs.  When stupid loser guys who flop down a grip of money to look cool in the vip area, don't have the bouncers grab cute girls from the crowd only to talk to them like crap and then try to discard them when you're done with them!  some frigging ass hat thought that would be a good idea...screw him!!  sorry for the rant!  Good music..lots of hot guys...good drinks...viva las vegas!!!  We will be back!
5	I've been here so many times and I've alwayz had so much fun!  They play great hip hop and the crowd is alwayz down to have fun.  It was me and 4 other girlfriends so we decided to get a small table upstairs by the DJ booth.  I had so much fun!  But it is true, you kinda have to know someone to get in here or else it can be a little annoying.  Three 6 Mafia was here too on Saturday night, but they didn't perform, so it wasn't as crowded.  I think I'm going to come here on my next Vegas trip.
5	The friendliest bouncers ever.  Jason,  with the long blonde hair, was super nice and hooked us up.  We bypassed all the lines and everything was free.  The ladies' room lady was super sweet.  Bartenders were great.  We were so drunk that the crowded dance floor didn't bother us.  Super dark in there.  Good crowd.  Great selection of rock and hip hop.  We'll be back there.
4	Three-point-five stars rounded up to 4. Here is how it all breaks down...+1 for fun crowd filled with tons of people I knew- 1 for my foot getting seriously bruised by two guys accidentally stomping on it+2 for great DJ who played a wide variety of tunes with great transitions and only about half of each song- 1 for music being played so loudly that my ears were still buzzing/ringing two days later- 1 for my brother getting charged $20 cover even though we were all on the guest list and the girls all got in for free+2 for super cool (literally) theatrical smoke machine that shot out misty, cool, smoke across the dance floor- 1 for decorations being too minimal; this is Vegas so clubs should be awe-inspiring (think: huge fountain at Tryst & trapeze artists and Studio 54)+ 1 for no bathroom line+ 0.5 for bouncers letting five of us into a VIP area with one friend+ 1 for a surprise performance by Three 6 Mafia- 1 for Body English being inconveniently a ways off the strip+1 for good SoCo & Lime shots and Jaeger bombsTOTAL: 3.5 respectable stars
4	This club  definitely deserves the breakthrough award of the weekend. I had never been to the Hardrock and when the cab veered of the strip I initially started to get leery. The hotel itself didn't seem like anything too special but the club was great. We went this past Saturday and were able to by-pass the line and cover fee (I heart guest lists:) when you walk up you can "walk the red carpet" and have you picture taken on a fake entertainment television background. Kinda cheesy but I love celebrity gossip so I couldn't wait!!!Entering the club it kinda dead for a Saturday night, well that was till our 1  friend was able to finagle 6 of us into the VIP area. After emerging from the VIP section and a few tasty shots later the place was packed! They DJ was great and they have a fog machine that sprays everyone on the dance floor. Bonus points because I got to meet Sal Masekela from the Daily 10 (read above I heart celebrity gossip) and 3 six Mafia performed (we think - this was several cocktails into the night) regardless they were there too;) and as luck would have it we ended up inside their VIP area looking for our friends. If you're looking for a spot off the beaten path I'd definitely recommend!
4	As I write this I'm still icing my feet after dancing my pants off here this weekend! This was my first trip over to the Hard Rock Hotel, and I was not disappointed! After skipping the lines and cover charges (yay!) we were escorted over a red carpet to the club. VIP sections are all along the balcony's up top, and are beautifully furnished with plush couches and lit by candlelight. The folks we were with drank their $7,000 worth of drink service in 30 minutes... way to go guys! Below the VIP sections was one of the most fun dance floors I have ever been on. Everyone else thought so too, because it was packed! Unfortunately, my toes took somebody else's stilettos twice (OUCH) but it didn't stop me still! We all danced the night away under spectacular chandeliers, and even greeted Three 6 Mafia out on the floor. The bars were well stocked, and I rarely had to wait long. Drinks were on the pricey side, but tasty. The bathrooms didn't have a wait - ladies, you know how clutch this is - and the sinks had the craziest 20 inch tall swan faucets I have ever seen.
4	There's no question about it, the Hard Rock is THE place to be on Sundays for both REHAB at the pool and SUNDAY SCHOOL at Body English. Apparently the only person who didn't get the memo was the DJ, because I don't know what clown they got to substitute for the resident, but I kept saying to myself "did someone call in sick to work? is this the replacement? is it really this bad?" I don't know what the deal is, but after seeing BT at Rehab that same afternoon, I was incredibly disappointed with the music selection at Body English. The music choices were distastefully mixed and didn't match the sophistication of the venue. Fragments of songs were sloppily mashed up, and the only song the DJ played in its entirety was Gwen Stefani's Holla Back Girl and the THIS SHIT IS BANANAS part looped like 30 times. That was enough for me to throw in the towel, slam my drink, storm up the stairs to exit, and pout while peering into the window display of DJ Tiesto merchandise, awards and pictures. Maybe my standards are just too high? Take me back to Ibiza, please. Or San Francisco at the very least.We strolled back in the Hard Rock for the second time that day to see a mass of 200 people overflowing onto the casino floors trying to bum rush the hallway into Body English. We had guestlist, so we decided to combine forces with another group of also guestlisted, attractive, barely legal girls to fight our way up front. How could they say no?....FAIL! They didn't budge, so we had to merge with a group of guys who actually knew someone who knew a promoter, a six degrees of separation kind of thing, rather than us girls who met some creeper at the hotel pool who says he "has the hookup". We sacrificed our "free" entry to just get in period. The bouncers relay to the crowd that the club was was at capacity and that was why there was that huge unorganized mass outside. As people slowly trickled out of the club every few minutes, we thought fast and decided we'd rather pay now to get in at all than waste time waiting in this crazy mess of a crowd, and probably not be let in at all several hours later. Plus the Hard Rock isn't on the strip, and we didn't take a taxi here just to wait in a futile line, so we went for it. The rope finally opened for us; my girls and I, our new girlfriends and the guys all got in, at $20 a pop. Not complaining. Rehab and Body English were the only functions we ended up paying for during the 3 night trip to LV. Not bad.This place was packed as HELL! Wow, incredible. No joke about the place being at capacity. So packed, it made my cheap ass friends even consider bottle service just to have a little elbow space. The crystal chandeliers and warm but dark candlelit glow gave the place a sexy look. The decor was detailed and classy and the crowd was mixed. Body English is downstairs and below ground, and has a multilevel split floor layout, which sort of disorienting and mildly claustrophobic. It gets pretty hot inside, but they do have a dry ice smoke blower that cools off the dance floor and clears out some of the funky smell that starts to build up. We spent, at most, an hour and a half here before the crowd and heat was too much to handle, then we migrated to The Bank at the Bellagio. I'm torn between a three or four star review. The music was such a turn off, but I wanted to like this place so bad after the battle to get in. I would definitely come back, but I would certainly go for bottle service with a "skip the line" option next time.
4	So this past weekend I went to Body English on Sunday.   WOW.  The crowd was extremely attractive, the music was great and we had a phenominal table that was raised above the dancefloor yet ON the dancefloor!I dont remember too much of the actual club, but my local Vegas friends and I had an amazing time!   They had a girl makeout contest that I can barely remember but Im sure it was nice!  This is the place to be on Sundays!
5	Hot sweaty dudes on the dance floor? No thanks.Fighting for drinks at the bar? No thanks.Not being able to chill and sit for ten minutes? No thanks.Waiting 10 minutes to use the gross bathroom? No thanks.Thank God for VIP bottle service!Body English took good care of me and my friends this past summer. Here's how it went it down:Called the reservation line and was assigned a VIP Host named Justin.I was told that the minimum order was one bottle which is $400-425. The catch is that your res isn't secured unless you show up when the club first opens at 10pm. 10pm? Way too early. I was thinking more like midnight or 1am. So you "take care" of your VIP Host and he will take care of you. I told him specifically that I wanted a table section that overlooked the central dance floor.Translation: Tip your VIP Host $100.It seems super tacky, but my boy Justin delivered on his end. As a result, my friends and I:1) Were able to play at the BlackJack tables in the Casino right up until we were ready to partay.2) Skipped the line by simply dropping Justin's name at the door. The bouncers welcomed us and said they were expecting me. Justin arrived and personally escorted us into the club via the VIP entrance. 3) Roll into the club in style by taking the private elevator up to the VIP level. Midget operated the elevator which was kinda surreal.4) Had THE best table in the club with THE most attractive cocktail server. All the cocktail servers are pretty en fuego at Body English. More importantly, they are very cool and want you to have a good time.5) Ordered one bottle of Grey Goose which our pretty server kept pouring for us with a smile based on our preferences: on the rocks, club soda w/ lime, cranberry, etc. 6) Had access to a wait free clean washroom!7) Had access to comfortable plush sofas and chairs. All private sections are spacious. 8) Had access to a great view of the dancefloor and DJ. In particular, the go-go dancers were off the charts.9) Could leave VIP and dance and invite guests back to VIP with us. Not all clubs allow this.Clubbing is all about music and friends for me. So the VIP service makes sense b/c all of your friends can have space to chill together. Of course, eye candy never hurts. =P Justin checked in with the table every now and then to make sure every thing was kosher. Ultimately, the evening cost a total $600 for 4 of us or $150 per head. Cover charge would have been $30 a head. 4 guys at 5 drinks each equals 20 total drinks that, with tip, would cost roughly $400 anyway. So we paid a $80 premium or $20 each for the rest of the amenities! That's totally worth it!We had a blast. I recommend the VIP bottle service at Body English. Ask for Justin.
1	paid extra to get in. not worth it for me.. we were worried that I couldn't get in because i lost my ID the night before :( .. we met some bouncers the night before from body english.. and he told us he could hook us up.. but instead we paid extra... boo to that.. at least it paid off at the palms for free. we went on a saturday.. music sucked...like rock modern.. maybe it got better throughout the night? but i wouldn't know since we left an hr later to go to the palms!  the place was very big and spacious though i gotta admit. going down the stairs to the club.. 2 levels.. plenty of room at the bars...bathrooms bigger than usual.. why cant ALL THE CLUBS HAVE THIS MANY BATHROOMS?!?!?!plus.. so far off the strip. BOOO BOOOO!someone convince me or tell me a good reason why i should come back here?!?!?!
3	I would give it a 2.5 if I could, but I have had good times there, so I gave it the 3 stars.  It's a older club for Vegas (been here for years), it's small, but the dj is usually good there.  Sunday's are the best days.  Fri and Sat will be your normal club scene.  Not too much to say about this place.  Last time I went I had a table with friends and we watched a girl fall from our couches through the glass table, and that was pretty interesting.  Pop bottles of Goose and Dom P all night.  Thanks Narch!!  It's okay.  Not a starter, not minor league, but I'd say maybe a 2nd or 3rd string club on G5BPC roster.SUNDAYS ARE SICK.  Very good Sundays if I had to pick a day best for going to this club.
4	Sunday School at Body English is a great party.  It's nice to hang in Vegas on industry night when a lot of the tourists are boarding planes.  I spent most of my time in VIP lounge.  It's small and hot but the music ROCKS.  After 3 days in Vegas, the top 40 mix gets tired.  The DJ in VIP lounge really know how to spin.  My man Terry hooked me up for entrance.  He's the promoter at Hard Rock and a Vegas God.  If you get a chance introduce yourself.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Was here during the summer.  Got here late because my cousin can't get her ass motivated after a day at Rehab, so despite being hot chicks we still paid cover - oh well, didn't feel like standing outside in the herd.  Going in, I really like the layout of this club, I like how the dance floor was like a pit that you had to go down to enter.  Music was pretty good, no total wackness of the sort that takes me off the dance floor.  Bar service was quick and it didn't take (too) long to get a bartender.  Security was a pain in my ass because they kept making us "move along" - oh yeah, like to where?  it was freakin packed, but in a good way, not so you couldn't move.  Finally made it onto the dance floor and marinated the whole night, lot of really nice and nice looking guys that weren't all trying to take something home and people generally having a good time.  I'm sure they were all leftover from Rehab too :)  I would definitely go here again, but earlier - definitely before midnight.
1	We took a limo ride from the Palazzo all the way down the strip to the Hard Rock only to find out that Body English was closed on a Friday night. December 19th, 2008 to be exact. WTF WHY?? I'm so pissed at Body English and I don't think I'll ever try to come back here again. TWO THUMBS DOWN.
5	Hi Yes i went back and it was even more fun then i remember the first time. DJ Scotty Boy was blowing it up as usual. The drinks were really stiff that's how i like em and really cold the party was insane and it was like 11 at night great time cant wait to go back would love to see Scotty Boy again he is the Shit!!
4	To be honest, I really dont remember much of Body English. All I know is I had a blast  with the table service. I mean what more can you want. Get drunk. Act a fool. Carry your buddy out or get carried out and wake up on the hotel room floor wondering where is my pants?
4	Good looking club with good bottle Service. This is our spot when we go to Vegas on Sunday - Tuesday. We work in the industry so sometimes thats the only time we can go to vegas. Service is always great. We always arrange for bottle service ahead of time, so there's no problem at the door. They always check up on us and keep the ice and cups coming. We always empty the bottle and end up ordering more. we will be there Feb 8th for my brother 's 21. Gonna be a great time Can't Wait!!!!!!Decore 4 StarsDrinks 4 Stars Strong Vegas is always double shotsService 4 StarsPrice 4 Stars Bottles Star at $425
2	Went there Sunday night and got in free and fast because we were (a) on the guest list via Chad Dallas at Body English and (b) 2 girls. We did a tour of the place and waited and waited for the music and the dance crowd to get started. The dance floor was small and only 1 guy was dancing with a lot of girls grinding each other in boas. It was Mardi Gras night instead of the typical school girl night although we did see 1 school girl making her way to the back. We just weren't feeling in and left about 25 minutes later to find a big line gathering. The decor was nice but I wasn't impressed with their central chandelier which supposedly cost 250 grand.
3	This club was nothing to rave about and save your cab fare to come to the Hard Rock. This club has east coast flair and was somewhat trashy. The music was decent and the drinks were reasonably priced, but the girls were not approachable and not much room to hang out unless your at a table or on the small dance floor. They blow cool air on the dance floor and it wasn't too hot in there at least. I give Body English a 78/100
3	What is it about Vegas Clubs and huge let downs?  They always show pictures of beautiful women and when you get there it's nothing special.  The bouncers are always strict so you end up having to go in with a huge group of girls.  And once you are in even if you see a hot girl they end up in the VIP section.  I think the next time I go back to Vegas I'll stick to the gambling and food.
3	It started out as a great night! We got in front of line with no cover....Dressed in school girl outfits we got free champagne all night. The place was really nice with a elevated box for dancing and great music!We somehow wandered into the VIP area (which usually hosts ceebritys with two way glass but no one was there that night that we knew)Danced on the great dance floor with refreshing mist coming down. Was great until some rapper (suppossed to be famous???) got on stage for about 30 minutes and killed it at which point we left and he was still rapping.
4	First off, my review may be slightly biased because we bought a table and got hooked up for the night. Also, I had such a good time here that my memory of the place is a little clouded haha. We got the booth right at the entrance by the dancefloor. If you can get this or one of those booths do it especially if you want a crazy party. The service was great and people in the club were fun as hell. The only thing I didn't like about the place (and about Hard Rock) is that it is off the strip. If you're staying at the Hard Rock you need to go here for sure.
4	Terry, the main promoter at Hard Rock is AWESOME! Hook up with him if you can.First time I was there, we had bottle service. The VIP area is amazing that I didn't even need to go to the dance floor at all. I had an amazing time there with no problems. Second time, Terry got us in immediately. The security was a dick to me cause once we got in, I thought we were IN so I tossed my ticket in the garbage and he said he needed the ticket from me. I said I tossed it and he said I couldn't get in so I had to dig in the trash for it. Good thing it was right on top but he was a genuine ASSHOLE. Anyway, got in and we didnt do bottle service but had just as much fun. It was freaking packed!!! The dance floor was great at first but it was too packed so we went upstairs. Everyone was having so much fun. We had the resident dj there and it was like a concert cause he's pretty famous. All in all, always a great club
4	Always a good time at Body English.  Although I have only danced on the dance floor a few times here, I have always had a good time.  We typically go bottle service up on top over looking the dance floor which is part of the reason why I never make it down stairs.  When Clinton Sparks is on the decks it is usually a decent night.  Nothing real bad to say about the club.
3	Reasons my pointer and pinkie fingers are raised to the air:-Got in for "free" (Rare since I'm a guy, but we went in with a bunch of cool girls that outnumbered us so still all good).  Felt good to be let in past the lines and accounted for as we got in at each checkpoint.-By "free" I mean we all chipped in for bottle service.-DJ played a decent mix of dance and rock.  A few hip-hop songs made its way through too.-VIP bouncers were cool as they recognized me and let me in and out freely.-Couches were cushy.-Dance floor was mad crowded!  Rockers dance too, right?Reasons for me to smash my electric hammer (guitar) against the floor:-Birthday Girl (my friend) didn't get in ASAP.  Not cool.  -Some of her friends didn't get in for free as they had to chip in AND had to pay cover at the door.  Uber not cool.-Saturday crowd was eh, but I'm sure weeknights might be better.-Music was loud and I couldn't get any good conversations even in the corner VIP area.  I'll remember to scream.-Bottle service was clean and fresh at the beginning of the night then tapered off.-I hear Sunday nights are best.  Try and go through a promoter.Wasted Space, the center bar, or even just gambling all around and enjoying the company of its young and hot clientele would've all made for a much better night.  I'll probably not go through VIP bottle service again.  Too much confusion in organizing too many people together and it doesn't seem fair in one way or another for everyone involved.  I learned that night that I outgrew the club scene.  But I haven't outgrown dancing.
4	Went on the Saturday night before Superbowl, and had a great experience.  We got bottle service and were taken care of throughout the night, the vibe at this place is great, the music, the people, everything was great.  Check it out for sure, this is one of the top clubs in Vegas for sure, I will be back.
4	hmm.. i'd say 3.5walked in walked out in half an hour and IT DOENS'T MATTER cause i'm a girl and i went in with hot girls so it was FREE ^_^ !!! hahaha =Panyways.. nice looking place. didn't get to explore much since i was literally there for about 30 minutes, danced a lil, looked around a lil, and then left to go somewhere else.... this was about a year or so ago... so i don't remember much. overall a nice place to club in a nice hotel in vegas =) !
3	I'd give this place 3.5 stars. We knew some people who work at Hard Rock so we partied at the circle bar outside of Body English for 2 hours before we went it. We got a little too drunk because by the time we got to the VIP with bottle service we could hardly stand, but from what I remember the music was great (top 40 and house). I also liked how the VIP section overlooked the rest of the club. The bathrooms were unisex (which I haven't seen very often in Chicago and the sinks were awesome. Not bad at all!
4	Always manage to have a good time at Body English.  Usually a great crowd, good music and fun time.  Not overly crowded this time around which was nice. Definitely in my top 5 Vegas clubs.
3	Ummmm the place is small and there's no real feel to the crowd. Staff/door is pretty friendly, bartenders make a good drink and the music isnt bad. The line isn't as ridiculous as it use to be, and on Sunday's they often have surprise guest performers. Wednesday they even have an Open vodka bar from 10-11. With all that said, I'd only come here If I was staying in the Hotel. Its probably time to shut down and reinvent themselves like when they changed from Baby's to Body English.
3	Went on a Sunday, dressed as School Girls. A promoter got us in for free and walked us straight in w/o having to wait in line. They give you a good amount of free champagne...but the quality is blah. The crowd is more white...mix of douche bags, old people, and some rare hotties. also it's industry night so there are some cool people who work in the hotel that are out to party. the music is whack - like brass monkey and here comes the hotstepper. overall the people were nice, just the music sucked and it feels pretty dingy in there.
5	This place is freakin awesome! Was easy to get in to (with 5 girls and 2 guys). The dance floor was a little bit on the small size but the dj was amazing the night we went. He played a little bit of everything and mixed songs together so well. The drinks, of course, are expensive but that is excepted from vegas. Looks so beatuiful inside and bathrooms are kept relatively clean for a club. It was cougar city, if you are in to that go and enjoy. These women were as drunk as sailors and there were tons of them. Definitely put me to shame.
4	This place had a reaalllly good DJ playing the night I went ,4-17-09(friday night) He mixed it up and the songs never got old. The club was really easy to get into, I do recommend being on a guestlist if your a guy or have guys in your group. I didn't buy any drinks here but the shot I had was good, but I had a feeling it was pricy but hey its vegas! the dance floor was a little crowded and thats why I took a star away ( got hit in the face a couple times, but i'm short) And MAN the cougars who come here damn!! It was like over 40s night or something cause they were drunk and acting crazy haha. all in good fun though. If you love to actually dance at the clubs to good mixes of top 40s and some old school then you gotta hit this club up for sure!
5	With almost 200 reviews for this place I don't really need to add my 2 cents.  But I will anyway because I like to have my opinion on record and also because I am planning to make a list of my fave Vegas haunts.Body English at the Hard Rock is my favorite dance club in Vegas hands down for the following reasons:1. The speaker system is crazy good - I feel like my heart is going to be knocked into an arrhythmia every time the bass hits.2.  The music they play is SWEEEEEET!  Usually it is a mix of rap/hip hop, old skool 80s or rock, and top 40 hits.  Most everything has a booty poppin' beat.  Not a lot of techno BS here (probably have that on certain nights but eh, who can freakin dance to that?)3. Located in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino which is one of my fave casinos.  It is small, it is full of rock memorabilia, and a lot of rock stars have/do stay there.  Which means potential run-ins with has-been 80s rockers.  Maybe you'll get invited to be on Rock of Love part 9!!!  4. One time I went there and throughout the night they would have this smoke-mist come out of the ceiling.  It didn't just drift out, it was a full scale tornado of smoke coming straight down in 4 columns onto the floor.  AWESOME if you were right below it.  Then you couldn't see your hand in front of your face for 2 or 3 minutes but everyone goes CRAZY and dances even more.  Last time I went they did not have this.  Bring it back that was fucking cool!! 5.  Decent drinks for Vegas, not too weak 6. Guest DJs - last time I went Pete Wentz from Fallout Boy and Travis from Gym Class Heros were our DJs.  They played a full set, sang along to some of their songs.  Plus Pete Wentz played Journey so I changed over from thinking he was a douche and started thinking "well, he's got at least ONE cool thing about him.The not so good:1. Guest DJs such as Fallout Boy's Pete Wentz may play songs that his own band sings. Not so good when the band sucks. hehe2. Line to get the drinks can be 4 deep.  Two or three fist it so you won't have to wait.3. Navigating the stairs to get to the dance floor from the upstairs bar or to the VIP areas can be tricky when you are drunk.  Use the armrails.4. Line to get in here (and everywhere else in Vegas) is bullshit.  Basically wear something semi- or completely slutty.  Have more girls than guys in your party.  Flirt with door guy.  Better yet, talk to the promoters during the day and try and get admission tickets or on the list so you can skip the line.  If you are a group of guys...good luck, I have no idea how dudes end up in these places.I have gone to this bar and gotten smashed.  I have even gone here and been stone cold sober.  Both times I danced my ass off and came home drenched in sweat with my legs feeling like I had just run a marathon.  Yes, AWESOME!  I love it.  See ya next time I'm in Vegas!!
5	Thusday Night ! i arrived in VEGAS. Checked in , got ready and hit the palms which was across the street from our hotel(RIO)  Went to Moonlight ..it was okay ! some girl was dancing and her boob pop'd out lol ! but over all it was an okay night  !Friday Get a call from my buddy saying that he got the hook ups at "BODY ENGLISH " in the hard rock hotel...i said okay ...im down !right when i got there..i spotted my buddys friend in the front...gave me and my friend 2 free passes and walked right into the front !  in the beginning i wasnt diging what the dj was playing but at around 1 or 2 am....every song he was playing was baadd !! me and my friend got so wasted the valet didnt let me take my car home lol lol ..great thing is that they paid for our taxi ride back to the hotel ...NICE People at the hard rock  !...anyways body english is bad assdance floor is sorta small but everybody is dancing no matter where they are standing at . drinks expensive as usual ..but its vegas ...u gonna be tight with your money ??? i dont think so !  ..
2	I never thought I would complain after seeing Outkast in person at Body English, but that's just about the only thing that saved this place from a One-star rating. I missed the days when it was called "Baby's", but that no longer exists and we have this over hyped place called Body English. The one and only reason I decided to come here was because I got an email from their club manager Chad stating that we were put on the guest list. On the email, it clearly stated that ladies get in free and guys get reduced admission of $20. To cut the long story short, it took about 45mins to by pass the line and $90 out of my wallet to get my gf and I into this place. The drinks were Vegas standard $10-$15 per drink, and of course you never get a buzz off those things.The music was some old and new school hip hop. I was expecting a few tracks of progressive house/trance, but that never happened. Since it was a surprise appearance by Outkast, they had to stick to the theme of hip hop. So overall, I would rate the music very average compared to most clubs.The club's sound system was good. They really noise proofed the room and had the speakers setup all at the right angles to keep the bass thumping hard directly on the dance floor. Your drinks would vibrate if you stand at just the right spots. The clientele at this place was weak. I would say they featured more of a early 20's female crowd. I am not sure if they were trying to save money on go go dancers, but on Sundays they want girls to dress up as school girls but they look beat as hell. I saw a 300 lb chick with a school girl skirt that fit around her belly, and some Pokemon looking chick that was licking a lollipop.. uh yea.. no thanks. There were no fine females here. Guys, look elsewhere.Lastly, the most disappointing part of Body English all around had to be management. They should send a spy out to XS, Tryst and Tao to see how things are done. There is absolutely no guestlist/VIP line. The line is basically a crowd around the front door. The promoters/bouncers let anything in a skirt in. I completely understand that bottle service takes presidence since they are well paying customers, but the whole 10 females to one guy policy is going put this place under. I mean at least get some real females in this place. Say no to a few chubby ones here and there.. for goodness sakes!
3	My girls and I went to Body English on a Wed. night. It's one of the few clubs that are open on that night. We were able to skip the line completely and there was an open Skyy vodka bar. Double fisting action all the way! hahaUnfortunately, I'm not a big house/trance fan and the music was not my scene. The dance floor was really small and I was too drunk to take in the decor. Less than an hour into it, my friend couldn't hang anymore so we went back to our hotel. I wish I could write a more extensive review, but my one tip would be to see when liquor companies are hosting open bars there.
2	Went here on a Sunday night a few months ago. Total sausage fest. I was happy, but the five guy friends I went with weren't so cheerful. Super crowded. I probably would've gotten squished easily if it hadn't been for the fact that my guy friends kept me surrounded like a wall. Great when some drunk dude tried grabbing me in an attempt to make out with me. Not so great when they glared down and scared away a cute boy I was ogling. Music was fine, but then again I'm not that particular with club music.
5	Came here the second I turned 21! Literally. My friend and I got the VIP treatment which was awesome. Didn't stay in the VIP area that much cuz there were a few creepers in there. Gross.Despite the cockfest (yes, I'm a girl and I didn't like it) and the random mix of hip hop and past 80s songs, I had the BEST time ever!! I b**ched about the music maybe for like 20 minutes or so and then the 5 Washington Apples in a row happened. ANYTHING they played after that was good to me!!  I loved the decor and chandeliers too!! Definitely will come back for another round!
2	I went here on Wednesday and Friday, its alright.I notice LAX at Luxor had a bigger crowd on wednesday. Not much night life happening on wednesday.Friday is a Sauage fest... if you like to meet losers and many weird guys this is the place on Friday.... The crowd is low class....There is no line... they use a circle like system like the bank... in order to build a busy crowded look for the line. Best way to get around this is go straight up to the doorman and introduce yourself and say hi and wait.
4	When my plane landed in Vegas this past Friday morning, I had two emails from Brian, a host at Body English, that I had spoken with previously. He offered my group buy one bottle, get one free, for that night which I promptly took him up on. Brian met us outside Body English at 10:45 pm and walked us to our table. We had a great corner table on the second floor. My only complaint about getting a table at BE is that they are really close together so you don't really get the super intimate feel that you do at other clubs. However, this definitely encourages a social environment as we talked and danced with the guys at the table next to us and another table gave some of my girls shots from their bottle.Our waitress was really nice and paid really good attention to us all night long. Bottle prices are actually a bit lower than at some other Vegas clubs I have been to (bottles start at $400). BE played good music all night long, although I could have done without hearing two Lady Gaga songs back to back.BE is definitely a fun club if you want to venture off the strip, although if you aren't doing table service, be prepared for a clusterf*ck of a line to get in.
3	Ummmm, am I in Huntington Beach?  Because the crowd here sure does feel like the "bros" I know in HB.  Or, they could also be the guys from Daisy of Love.  Tomato Tamato.Tattooed sleeve on at least one arm: Check.Spiky hair that obviously took longer to do than my own: Check.Large silver jewelry with skulls or nautical stars: CheckDouchey attitude: CheckI'd bet these guys also drive oversized trucks with a set of balls hanging off the back.  Ick.OK so enough about the guys there.  The club itself is pretty cool.  It's two stories, and it has a vampire type feel to it.  To enter you have to go down a dark stairway and then the club is 2 levels under that.  I can't quite explain it, but I feel like selma hayek is suddenly going to start dancing on the bar and then the place will turn into complete vampire mayhem.  Next time maybe I should wear garlic or possibly bring a wooden stake.  I regress...Big dance floor with stage in the middle.  But, why are guys not allowed to dance on the stage?  Is it because they are THAT douchey?  I mean seriously, I was a little offended.  I've never heard of such a thing.  There shouldn't be favoritism on the dance floor based on sex.  Period.The DJ on Friday night was damn good.  He played everything from current stuff to old biggie songs like "nasty girl"... one of my personal biggie favorites.  Anyways, yeah, good DJ.  The place gets VERY packed and the dance floor gets a little too packed to even move.  There are smoke machines that blow a crap load of smoke onto the dance floor about every 15 minutes or so, which normally would be kinda irritating but the smoke is cold and it cools down the air on the dance floor.  So the smoke is cool with me.The bathrooms are quite the mission.  There's no sign or indication of where they are.  In fact, you have to follow an exit sign down a completely black hallway to get there.  Sketchy.  Vampirey.  Weird.Drinks were good and the bartenders were pretty quick about turning around drink orders.  But the only light beer served was coors light.  Boo.Overall I like this club, if I could just get over the guys and the vampire feel i'd like it a lot more.
5	I love this place! My girl friends and I went to Vegas to celebrate a birthday.  We had no issues getting in as soon as we arrived, probably had to do with 1) we were girls and 2) it was for a birthday, we all had an amazing time.  It is great that it has 2 bars and the dance floor was spacious enough. The VIP tables are kind of small but how much time do you actually spend there besides when you need a drink refill. They played anywhere from house music, to hip hop and even had an MJ mix that played towards the end of the night that completely blew up the crowd. I will absolutely be having my birthday here in Feb!
2	it was a wed. so def. picked the wrong night to attempt to party at this spot it seems. it was TECHNO night. EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW we walk in no prob- get escorted immediately by the door guy to the VIP area without even asking and set up with free drinks from some random guys table which is a bonus at least we can try and get drunk and poss. make the music sound better. NOPE. dance floor was packed anyway with old washed up ravers and e-tards rubbin on each other. gross. VIP area is elevated which is nice to people watch and not get bothered by most patrons. EXCEPT the fact that its only like 2 stairs up so if your leaning against the rail or dancing too close to the edge by the dance floor BEWARE the GRABBY HANDS!!!!throught the bars and everything i mean sheeesh. asked the waitress if there was another room- yea in the corner [ never found it- never looked for it but couldn't see any type of other room/ entrance anywhere in plain sight] but she warned us it was trance music playing in there. the most annoying thing besides the people and the music and the grabby hands was the super intense fog machine they had blast smelly white clouds all over everyone every 5 minutes. making you cough and freak out a little since you can't see your own hand in front of your face til it clears. PLUSSSSSSSSSSSs its off the strip. so I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 on the chance we were there on an off night. we left literally 20min after arriving even with free VIP table and bottle service.
5	I LOVEEEE this place. I came on a Sunday night and Big Boi (from Outkast) performed. Super crackin'! They played good hip hop music allllll night long. My experience was Vegas clubs so far is that most of them play house music, so it was GREAT to finally find a club that just played good ol' hip hop music all night. I had such a good time, I'm coming back!
4	nice club! looks super cool inside... kinda goth but def. not the crowd! got super wasted with bottle service... was on one of the balconie tables and jenna jameson and her ufc bf was there... this club is crackin. young and live!oh and i like the name!!! really slick. and creative. :)
1	douche bag / meat head / christian audi gay / rhinstone / silver and gold foil all over my shirt / affliction / mr everyone is into mma / fuckin mo hawk / capital v neck central !!!!!!!
4	Had a great time here!  I remember the first time or two I really disliked this club, but it's gotten better.  It's kinda far from the strip, but I've always had good company to make it enjoyable.  A really good friend of mine got us straight in, no wait, no problem!  Guys had to pay $20 since it's summer now and it was UFC fight night, but that's pretty understandable out in Vegas.  Still had a great time... good DJ, great friends, good drinks.
3	People go nutts over this place.  I dont really get why.no room to dance.  meatmarket looks from guys with shaved chests and ed hardy attire.  long line to get your much needed booze.  and the bouncers are dicks.if you are at hard rock anyway and its early enough to get in for free, go in and get a stamp so you can dance if you get the urge.  if you have to spend money here, its not worth it.
2	The lighting, the size of the place and the grand stair entrance alone would've given this place three stars.The crowd and the music lower it down to two.Why? While the line wasn't bad, the free-for-ladies/$20 cover for guys (as well as the top 40 mix) typical, and drinks somehow finding their way into my hands courtesy of my friends don't warrant a low rating, the crowd does.When my friends and I weren't being pestered by guys in Ed Har- sorry, Christian Audigier (gotta step it up for Vegas, right guys?), persistent Asian guys who like to find their way back to the girls who denied them and subsequently talk shit on them with their other rejected friends, frat boys, etc., it was PACKED. Usually that's not such a bad thing rather than simply expected, until the huge Samoan guy who dry humped every unsuspecting girl ends up hitting some Amazon black girl from the back with their clothes on and her head ends up bobbing in and out of your circle of friends. It was traumatizing.I have to admit, though, it's not a boring place. If I wasn't so critical of people in general, I probably would've really enjoyed the club for what it was.
2	For being a Vegas nightclub, I expected something better. I heard a lot of people say that this club is good, but I don't see what the big deal is. First of all the venue is not great, to me it looks cheap. The crowd there is ghetto. The music is okay. I would pass... Oh and this was on a Sunday! (suppose to be the best night)
2	I do not enjoy clubs that don't play music with words, so I immediately was turned off by Body English, but in the interest of others, I will try to review B.E. as unbiased as possible. First off, if you are getting table/ bottle, which we did, you will have an awesome view of the club, because your elevated and hopefully along the railing looking down onto the dance floor. Unfortunately, for those going the non-vip route there is little seating and the dance floor extends almost throughout the entire 1st floor, making it a little uncomfortable. It seemed harder than the average vegas club to get to the bar also. I think layout is the biggest issue here. I wouldn't go back, but again the music is my main reason.
3	place is ok. this was the first place we hit on my gf's b day week...we got a bottle in one of the private rooms....club was ok house music, top 40, hip hop. nothing too special. i brought it down because the room smelled like feet, and no air going around. club is no good when it smells like ass. well its no the worst club, but no way the best.
3	1) This club is mega crowded, your going to get stepped on constantly trying to move around the club if your not in VIP. 2) Dance floor is packed to capacity at all times, (Think bottom floor of TAO) and really uncomfortable, even while intoxicated. 3) Smaller club but the decor is nice and up to date. 4) Its free for guests of the Hard Rock before midnight, and they also get to bypass the long line. So that's a plus. Its a nice club, and Ive heard its the "Go to" spot on a Sunday in Vegas. While we were there we got invited to VIP and it was a welcome spot to rest out feet and relax. Pros: Location. Music. Crowd. Cons: Way Way too crowded, long lines at the bars. Smaller.Overall, I would only come here if I was staying at the Hard Rock, or if there was nothing else going on.
1	went here with girlfriends on a saturday night- got to skip the line and hang out in the VIP area downstairs, here are my thoughts-1. it is PACKED - like, i was getting shoved / pushed over everywhere except in the VIP area.2. the VIP area is the one non-air conditioned part of the club.  combine this with the fact that it is mostly guys who have tables in there, and yeah... makes you want to be in the mosh pit disaster of a dance floor3. rude, rude rude - even more so than your typical vegas doorguys and busboys, for what reason i have no idea.4. the DJ here was the WORST DJ i have ever heard (this was saturday, 8/22/09).  we're talking like, full second pauses (with just silence) between songs, no attempt to mix into the next upcoming song, would switch tracks mid-chorus when people were singing along, was playing some fun upbeat techno and then went into a journey tribute for an hour, old school hiphop no one could dance to... really anything he could have done wrong, he did.  singlehandedly put a damper on the night.the crowd was poor, the music was terrible, can't speak for the weekday crowd but if it's a weekend, go to tryst or xs or rain or anywhere else.  my girls and i left, and got in at tryst at midnight or so no problem, and salvaged the night with a decent looking crowd, and some room to dance!
3	Round 2With all the neon lighting & strobe lights blinding me...it still didn't blind me from the charming surroundings of Body EnglishThis club had that speakeasy feel to it just like Slide in the bay area but with more room and the beautiful grand 1920s chandeliers surrounding the placeHighlight was the music...mash-ups, rock, r&b, hip-hop, 80s!, 90s! you name it. I don't remember how many times I've turned to my girlfriends and yelled over the music...."this is my song, girl...this is my song!!" The DJ definitely represented The only small drawback was how crowded this place was. But, who wouldn't expect it from a club? And if this club exuded excitement & sizzle then no wonder it draws masses =)
4	This is old school hardcore progressive club with really impressive tunes to dance. The DJs were awesome and by my second drink I was spinning on dance floor out of control. The crowd is die hard clubbers who know where good music is. As our hotel concierge suggested best night is Wednesday.
3	I ROCK at texting.Yup, I really do.  I"ve mastered the art of T9.  So much so that I no longer need to look at my keypad.  (Well, ok, sometimes I do, like, if it's a complicated word I'm trying to type...but, for the most part, no.) That's why I decided that I could be an awesome LV club promoter.  All they do is stand outside the club, bust out their smartphone and text away to clients.  Honestly.  They text people ALL night.  Confirm people by text for the VIP list?  I would SO be awesome at that!Anyway, after showing my 'confirmation text' to the skeptical and somewhat scary bouncer, they ushered us through the line.  Girls had comped admission, thankfully.  (Too bad they made me go back to the front and get a piece of paper which verified that I was actually ON the VIP list.  Seriously?  Ugh.)  Usually, girls are $20 and guys are $30.  Ouch.  Music was GREAT here - a mix of old school and new school hip-hop.  My friend and I hung out upstairs, where we basically admired or laughed at everyone walking down onto the dance floor.  As there were a ton of bachelorette parties that night, you can imagine the hot mess-ness taking place in the club.And, since it's Vegas, drinks are expensive.  The (nice) male bartender only charged me $7 per drink initially; however, the girls decided it was ok to charge me $14 for a red bull/vodka.  *sigh*  Robbery, I swear.Fun night, though.  It made me contemplate this career change to club promoter.  Hmmmmm, perhaps....;)
3	By Vegas standards this was probably really a 2.5 star, but thats not an option, so I'll be nice and give it 3. I went on the Saturday of Labor day weekend, so I'm not sure if things are different on a regular weekend. Got there at 10pm. No line, just a giant mob. Had to grease the door guy with extra $ just to get my cousin and myself in relatively quickly. (we are both guys) We finally got in around 10:45pm. The club is medium sized, decent decor, and average sized dance floor. Crowd was OK, not as fun as other clubs Ive been to, but still fairly lively. Drinks were well made and delivered quickly. The biggest disappointment was the DJ they had that night. He would play literally about 30 seconds of a good song, and right about the time you are getting in the groove, he would change it to a different one, and very abruptly as well. It was like he had ADD or something. Ive seen quite a few DJs, and none as horrible as this guy. All in all, I would say Body English is very average at best, would have been a solid 3 star or better with a good DJ. I'm not sure what all the hype is about, definitely not a must see, but not a bad spot to check out if you haven't been there, and are looking for something new.
4	JUST DANCE! LOL this place was super fun even when packed. the crowd was amazing when i went. i only ordered a zombie and my goodness was it a strong one. After a couple of beer and mixing drinks i finally got my buzz on and found the main dance floor EXTREME especially when the steam blowers started erupting. you can dance your night away at this place since the crowd was always open minded imo. I ended up at a booth table dancing with people on the couches. If that wasnt a good time i dont know what is lol and apparently asher roth and nelly was there at that time.
4	Friday night guest list.  Free for ladies, $20 for gentlemen.Did I mention, free champagne before midnight for the ladies as well?  We definitely took full advantage of that.Not a big or glam club by Vegas standards, but I had a great time nonetheless.  There was a stage where girls can climb up.  We took advantage of that as well :)Multiple bars, great DJ, excellent crowd.  I can't ask for more.
4	Champagne Fridays. Free champagne for the ladies. I thought it was only one complimentary glass, but nope. As much as we wanted until midnight. Gotta love that.The club was surprisingly spacious. Not as big as the other ones, but it being 2 floors definitely helped with the overcrowdedness. Dance floor on the bottom. With random bursts of chilled smoke blasting from the ceiling. Fun!!Dresscode is upscale, but not sure how strictly they enforce that since there were guys in tshirts and girls in tanktops. Definitely sign up for the guestlist if you plan to party here!
4	I was just in Vegas for a good friends Bachelorette party for three nights, we ended our weekend on Saturday at Body English. It was amazing! We got in w/ no cover which all girls love! You walk down this long hallway to get to some stairs that lead down to a balcony looking over the dance floor and bar. The DJ played continuous hits all night and never disappointed me. They blow a cold smoke on the dance floor through out the night which makes for a sexy time. My night overall was fantastic here!
4	UnghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhSeth + Body English = hospitalI have a habit of coming here for the open bar from 10-11, getting entirely too cocked, and then not remembering how I woke up in a hospital with a couple of bandages.Somehow ended up at the table on the dance floor, the middle one, and it's insanity. What is it about tables and bottle service that turn girls into instant whores? It's hilarity.Bonus side note, one of the girls who my cousin was dancing with the entire night... he and I had been having a conversation about like - what these girls do when they're not clubbing, you know? Literally 20 minutes later, we're walking through fashion show mall, and there she is - his girl - handing out perfume samples.Anyway, Body English was the balls. Great service, good fun!
3	I love the fact that it is underground like a basement selling illegal porn. The music is good. Lots of eye candy...of course it is at the Hard Rock. It can get hot at times. The VIP room is actually not that great. It is more of an inconvenience because you are away from the dance floor where all the action happens. Good party place. Three and 3/4 stars. Party on!!!!
4	My friends and I (there were 12 of us) signed up for the guestlist and were able to get in without having to wait in line and cover for the guys was only $20! Good deal for Vegas standards!Notes:- free champagne (Fri) for ladies until midnight (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GCRvrxMSC1nzShyM4Y-guQ?select=0NqG3Mo8IrAJzKoZHJNVsg) ...the glasses were HUGE and it wasn't crappy bubbly either- got really crowded eventually but it was pretty much a sausagefest - there were 2 levels in there and the pathway to the restrooms was super dark...you have been warned (don't stumble into the wrong one)- got SO cold in there but the random blasts of icy air was appreciated at some point while dancing- we danced on little platform in the middle where they very strictly allowed only girls to go on (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GCRvrxMSC1nzShyM4Y-guQ?select=2EgqxyodxoItTZ1Kxcf-2A)- DJ played some old school and recent jamsI would come back for the free champagne! =P
4	BOTTLE SERVICE!!! PARIS HILTON!! GREAT MUSIC!!! I had a blast here! My two friends turned 27 this weekend, and it being Vegas you gotta do Bottle Service when you go to a big club. It was my first time here at Body English and it was awesome! I think it helps when you know someone. I didnt wait in the Huge line to get in, Paris Hilton was there, so i think thats why it was so packed but we had an awesome table across from her and we basically had all the beautiful people around us. I did for a while go downstairs to scope out any stray talent for my buddy and sadly it was kinda all dudes. hahaha. so i was definitely pleased with our set up in the VIP! hahaha I would definitely come back for sure! Thanks Chris and Derek!
1	This place is a total rip-off! Crappy music and false advertisement to boot!  Avoid it like the plague! We had a better time at Rain on Saturday and there was no cover!
5	I'm a Las Vegas local and this is my favorite nightclub in the city! I've been here probably about 15-20 times and I've been coming here since I was 21. I'm 24 now and even with all the new nightclubs opening, this is STILL my favorite club, hands down!Being a local, it's FREE on Sundays which are the only nights I go to. I used to go on Fridays when it was easy to get our names on the list because my friend knew a V.I.P. host but that's no longer the case, so I stick to Sundays. First things first, if you're a guy like me, bring PLENTY of girls. I know you want to party with your homeboys but if you want to get in, you need girls. I usually do a 2 girls to 1 guy ratio and it's faster to get in. As soon as you enter, you'll feel like you're in a movie (at least that's how I felt the VERY first time I walked down the steps and saw the chandelier and the massive amounts of people dancing).The bar is pricey but what can you expect in a Vegas club/bar! Do it semi-ghetto style like me and my friends and buy a bottle from a store and drink in the garage to feel that slight tipsy-ness. Once I'm in, I usually buy a 2-3 drinks anyway and if I'm feelin happy, I even buy a friend or 2 a cocktail. The dance floor can be small but you just need to know where to go. Get some drinks in so you won't be so bothered by people bumping into you and you and your friends can dance the night away! It may get a little stuffy and hot but not to worry, they spray some ultra cool hardcore cold smoke during some songs and it's a crowd pleaser, I love it!I was kicked out of the club once because they assumed I was throwing up in the bathroom which was NOT the case, I just needed a place to get away from the music so I stayed in the stall a little longer. Whatever! My friends found me in the garage throwing up a few minutes later anyway, hah! OMG. Crazy night.That one experience still doesn't make me hate this club. It's the BEST one in Vegas! Come and enjoy.
1	If I was judging solely on the quality of the club inside, I'd probably give it 4 stars.  Large, nice atmosphere, good crowd, etc.  Based on the ridiculous wait and the necessity of bribes to get in, however, I'd give them negative stars if I could.  (Is there an F.U. icon of a hand with a finger up by any chance?  Because I'd gladly give them 5 of those.)  HOURS of waiting as one of the FIRST people in line followed by HOURS of more waiting AFTER the club had already opened due to letting people in who were further down the line.  Oh yes, and the super-fun part?  It was practically empty when we got in.  Turns out they were just holding up the line to make the club look popular (and to induce more bribes???).Seriously, Hard Rock.  You suck.
3	Hm. I didn't bust a sweat even though I shakin my tail feather workin what my mama gave me like my ass was on fire. Air conditioning? Probably.I can't say what this place is like on a regular night - I came on Halloween and most of my night - actually make that MORNING was spent at a table in the upstairs balcony .. YeeeeEeeEeEee!
5	Christo the door guy was way cool.    The club is jumpin and lots of girls.  The bartenders are friendly.  Drinks are pricey but your in VEGAS so F it.   Sunday nights is the school girl theme.
3	Great Music - drinks were STRONG, but the night we were there  everyone was 22 ... or 45 ... Just wish there would have been some more late 20's early 30's there as well, but if you have a group - definately a good time!
4	We went here for Halloween on a Sunday night a couple years ago and holy fuck - so that's what Halloween in Vegas is like.....  I highly recommend Halloween in Vegas for everybody at some point in their life.  The costumes were incredible, both male and female - we saw a LEGIT Terminator (with massive gun and red eyes behind shades), as well as every sexy insert-any-occupation-or-character-here on the planet, and I mean SEXY!  The VIP and bottle service was quite good from our waitresses, but not as good as some of the ultra high-end clubs.  The atmosphere and energy make you want party like a rockstar, and luckily that is fully encouraged.....
3	My girlfriends and I were deaf for a week after Body English. The music is good but way too loud. Apparently this is the place to go on a Sunday night, even for locals. It was kind of annoying bc there was no real line outside, more like a haphazard crowd, so it took longer than usual to grab someone to let us girls in. They place got really packed, but there was still enough room to dance our tushies off. The bar was just completely unreachable, so I recommend alternative sources of inebriation.Oh, and I almost forgot - apparently hosts here BOOK GIRLS for tables. I have never experienced this in my entire freaking life and frankly I was appalled and disgusted. We walked in and someone asked us if we wanted a table, so we thought it was a ladies perk. He brought us to some table and told us we could drink there. We were confused bc there were already people at the table, but then he started handing us glasses. Anyhow, apparently he didn't realize that there were guys with us so when he saw them, he snatched the glasses out of our hands and told us to leave before we even realized the table belonged to someone else. Apparently the guy that booked the table sends out his host to scout for groups of girls for him to drag back. GEEZ. Are you that desperate? and SO incompetent that you can't talk to girls on your own? Thinking about it again makes me really angry bc the situation was handled in such an insulting and unprofessional manner. We are not girls who try to flirt our way to free drinks, so don't treat us like such. To offer something in a misleading manner and then to be so disrespectful was just really unacceptable. I would have enjoyed my experience more if that hadn't happened right when we walked in. So between that and being deaf for a week, this place gets a 3 star rating. I'd probably come back, with earplugs (and maybe pepperspray), but only on a Sunday night.
1	Not good unless you are over the age of 45 and looking for a guy over the age of 50 haha... can't believe people wait for hours and might not even get in sometimes for this place... worst place ever.
4	Been here on a Sunday in summer of 08. The Dj, venue, and everything was on point. Was looking forward to coming back this summer but heard it was replaced with Vanity.
4	I'm DEVESTATED it's closed. This was hands down the BEST club in Vegas and the one we saved for our last night every single trip. Best mix of music (including a ton of 80's which is totally our thing), and best VIP area to crash and stumble upon uberhot guys. Sigh. Off to Vegas tonight and we're still trying to figure out what to replace BE with. It'll never be the same!
1	I thought I came to Vegas to get away from clubs like this.  If you are from San Diego than you know what I mean.  This club is on the corner of sausage fest ave. and douchebag blvd.  Drinks were ok at best and there were a couple decent females but nothing impressive.  Anybody with an mp3 player could dj better.  If you like being shot down because you didn't have any coke, this is the place for you
3	They're closed?? Since when?Small compared a good amount of clubs in Vegas. Good for a not so crazy night.Looking for a crazy party? Look elsewhere.Not bad.
5	UNFORTUNATE that this place closed down.went there last time my girls and I visited vegas and it was AWESOME. got bottle service upstairs and the music was off the hook...none of that unz unz unz business -- this was hip hop and good hip hop. (friday night)It was so great that we came back the next night (Sunday) school girl nights? or something...anyway we rolled up and of the guys who run bottle service there invited us upstairs for free bottle service -- they were damn awesome...Best experience at a club ever -- free alcohol + awesome music.I'll miss you body english.
5	Ok everyone.  This review is way overdue.  This was my first true Vegas table service experience.  I know a lot has change, but this review is solely based on my experience about 6 years ago.  I know Vegas is all about trends, and with a new night club popping up like weeds, and with me not having gone back, I'm sure this place is heavily dated now.  Now to the review.  Our table was above the dance floor and roped off.  Great security and excellent service.  At the time, they really did a great job of earning their tip.  We really never had to leave our table, since we can hear the music just fine and wasn't so loud where we couldn't understand one another.  The DJ was great, I really didn't walk around, so I couldn't really tell you about the rest of the place.  But my time and experience back then makes me give it a 5 star.
4	We decided to check out the new Body English and came in on RE-Opening night.  Our group got a table and received a free bottle of champagne.  The service was great, but like most clubs, the waitresses and runners are constantly up in your BIDnass!  It was quite annoying to be asked by three different waitresses within a 10 minute time span if you needed anything, and this pretty much went on ALL night.  The minute you sucked your last drop of drink through your straw, she was RIGHT there refilling it for you.  I hate complaining because some would call this excellent service, but c'mon! It was as if they were trying to get us wasted, and as a result, we flew through our bottles quickly and had to buy more. (I know what you're thinking: SUUUURE, blame it on the waitress, alckey!) The club itself looks pretty much the same, with the DJ booth being on the opposite side of the dance floor from where it used to be.  I think the atmosphere they are going for is dark, goth dungeon.  They had gogo dancers wearing all black with black angel wings, goth girls whipping you with leather whips as you go in and out of the bathroom, and big burly men with no shirts on with gas masks on their faces.  The theme was quite fun and interesting.  The gogos were all beautiful and in such amazing shape that I myself who works out almost every day felt ashamed of the cheeseburger I had eaten earlier in the day.  We had a table, which for Vegas standards was pretty damn cheap, but some friends who bought drinks at the bar said they were outrageous.  Typical.  Overall, we had a great time.  I hope that the club survives with the competition of the big-name DJ clubs on the strip.  I've always loved Body English.  Depending on the music they bring in, we'd definitely like to go back.
3	Came here for an industry sponsored after-party on a Friday night. It wasn't your normal Vegas club night with hordes of scantily clad women since this specific industry is dude-saturated, so I won't even go there. I got in easily since I was industry. No hassle even, so I'm glad that the bouncers know who's VIP and who's not. Neener. The separate line to get in for non-guests was longish. My non-VIP friends were in it for about 30 minutes.Like all Vegas clubs, there's probably gonna be a cover and power-hungry bouncers, but it's how it is. It could have been worse where most everyone gets turned away, but it wasn't. My friends got in eventually. I really liked the set up of this dance club. There weren't any huge choke points where the crowd piles up. Dance floor is smack in the center with a visible nerdy bowtied DJ up top. I didn't get a fancy feel from this club, but you can't really call this a high-end.
5	Classy club.  One of my favorites.
5	I see most of these reviews are for back in the day, which still baffles me.I LOVE Body English and know that it re-opened set my heart a flutter and brought back memories of drunken Jessica's past.First and foremost, Body English get packed late because as of now, (with the temporary closing of Drai's) it is one of two After Hours spots. Not ready for the party be over at 3 AM, your choices are limited.Body English is on point. They are spinning house until the wee hours of the morning. Bringing in great underground and semi-mainstream DJs. If you have a group of 6 ladies they can give you a comp ladies bottle (just paying $75 for gratuity) isn't that bad at all, especially by Vegas standards.There is the small Red Room that spins hip-hop and has a little bar in the back of that space.I urge you all to give Body English a try. Dance and drink and play until the sun comes up at this lovely spot, twice as much Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock Hotel is the absolute best spot to soak up all the booze!
5	Had a really good time! Everything was clean. Place was packed. Drinks are pricey but what nightclub in Vegas aren't? The outfits and the gogo dancers were awesome Wish I could work there lol
1	Worst club ever. Crappy music and drink prices are seriously outrageous. No place to sit unless you get bottle service, which blocks up most of the club. If you don't get bottle service there isn't too much of the club you can see as most of it is roped off with security constantly telling you to move (move where?). There are bouncers literally everywhere you turn which makes you feel like you're in a strip club. This club is supposed to be the new hot club in vegas, but its seriously lacking. At least get better DJs.
4	I came to Body English the other week for some deep house lessons from the masters themselves, DJ Sneak and Doc Martin.  Needless to say, I was not disappointed! From the get-go, I was a fan of Body English - there's a promo list where girls can get in free before midnight, and if you didn't know "free" is one of my top five F-words.The venue is great though the dance floor could be bigger - but I understand the need for tables and bottle service.  Great vibe and a fun, vibrant crowd that's not your typical Vegas types - I'll definitely be back, and with friends!
3	It's a typical Vegas club. Rude bouncers, expensive drinks, and annoying music for after hours. If I don't walk up to the bouncer dressed like a hussy I get passed over. Seriously annoying since I am a local of 20 plus years. I have no issue when I wear a dress and heels. My issue is I like to go to clubs to dance not complain about my feet all night. That is a typical Vegas club for you.I go back back because they have brought in some awesome DJs and I am a fan of the hotel. I also went to this club years ago and loved it. I was not a fan of Vanity at all.I would encourage you to keep an eye on their calendar because they do bring in some great talent. Recently Doc Martin and Sneak played!
4	Hadn't been to Body English in at least 6-7 years, back when Paris Hilton, AC Slater and Pauly Shore all collided on the dance floor on the same night.  I wasn't high, but seeing that confluence of characters sure made me check my drink for hallucinogenics.Ive always liked Body English because it's got a high energy and intimate vibe to it.  Contrased with the likes of XS, Pure and Tryst which basically have the initmacy of a basketball arena.According to other reviewers, Body English just reopened after months of remodeling.  It looks like they moved the DJ to a more prominent spot right in the middle of the dance floor, cutting down on some of the dance space. Came here on a Sunday night, and I would say it was pretty hot.  Not firing on all cylinders as youd expect on a Fri/Sat, but still a damn good showing for a Sunday night.Head over around midnight, that's when things get rolling.
2	I honestly came into this club knowing absolutely nothing about it at all! The front entrance of the club looked like a bit of a mess, there were multiple lines and groups of people all over the place. We had bottle service set up and it seemed like the door guys were a bit of douche bags - a bit too high and mighty with that clip board. No need to be a dick!We had bottle service in the "hip hop" room - which I swear to god was more like a hallway. Now the DJ in this room was Amazeballs - played all the hits and had my ass shaking all night long! He was super nice, willing to take requests (even though he really didn't need any) and was actually from the Bay - where one of my girls is from. Super cool dude.I can't say anything really negative about the music in the hip hop room. The main room is house (oontz oontz oontz) and just so not my thing - so I never really went out there. But the Hip Hop room itself is super small, just one strip on the side of the club. We were honestly the only people with bottle service in there so it didn't seem like something you really needed to get a bottle for. I don't recall that many other people really dancing - but i was pretty wasted.The hostess and security was on point and really nice. Anytime some dude came around was getting to "handsy" or pushy they quickly got him the hell out of there which was really comforting. Like most clubs in Vegas, water doesn't come free here. Its $9 a bottle and if you don't want a hangover,, you will be spending a ton on water. Unless your like me and my bestie - when a guy comes up to you and asks to buy you a drink, just ask for a bottle of water :)Overall - it would be nicer if they gave free water, if the Hip Hop room was larger in size and maybe if the main room had a little variety in the music they played. Oh and get less douchebag door guys.
3	Not my favorite, that's for sure. The place is small and music is okay. Been to this place twice and can not remember anything that stands out about this place. Drinks are average club price. Body English is average in my rating scale.
1	This place is the worst club ever! We got in free with our military IDs but that's where the cool stopped and the overrated, poser, wannabe B.S. started. First, we ordered a drink from the bar - 2 drinks, $31 plus tip! Ouch! And when my hubby asked if that was right and why was it so expensive, a shitty bartender said, "because it's a Vegas nightclub" basically making my hubby feel like he's the ass for asking. Then, I agree with the other review that if you don't get bottle service, you're basically treated like cattle. No place to sit. No place to go. And if that's not enough, the people are just rude! I was stepped on, shoved and basically trampled before I finally gave up. What a waste of a good night!
1	Umm.... this place needs to reevaluate their idea of what HOUSE MUSIC is....  I could have made an exception for my $20 fireball on ice iiif and only if for the 1hr I was there the "DJ" knew of more than (literally) 2 beats... I had more fun in the hotel room which is sooo sad considering I am in VEGAS!! I know its an after hours club...   and most people are already fucked up and don't care where they are at...but this is just pathetic!!!
3	This was my first "Nightclub on the Strip" experience, when a friend came into town and really wanted to do the nightclub thing. The main conclusion I came to after a long night at Body English was this:I do not think I enjoy Nightclubs.There are like, lots of people, and they all try to touch you, it's loud as hell, and the booze is expensive and not very good. I think I am a "quiet lounge, excellent cocktail, and conversation" kind of girl.So take the rest of this review with that grain of salt.Pros: - My two companions (both ladies), had a blast., which was by far the most important thing for me that night. - I emailed the "get on the guest list" link, got on the guest list, and had no problems getting in. I presented my locals ID, and myself and my two friends all got in with no cover. I would have really been pissed if I'd have had to pay the $30 cover, but that my friends' didn't have to either was a super nice plus.- We got free champagne bracelet things, which I think was because we had breasts. I'm still not entirely sure. I was only able to make use of it once, before the heat made me realize drinking more was a fast track to passing the hell out.- The bouncers were doing their job, and the one dude that wouldn't take "no" for an answer disappeared quite abruptly after I quite literally threw my dignity out the window and ran away from him. Thanks for being awesome, awesome bouncers.- Thank god for those cryo-mister things. Every time I thought I was going to pass out or through up from heat stroke, they turned on, and bought me another 20 minutes of timeCons:- It was a little confusing on how to get in. The "on the guest list" podium was out in the middle of the casino floor, which was sort of odd.- The bartenders were sort of jerks when they realized I just wanted a cup of water, not a $9 bottle of the stuff. I gave the main one a $5 tip, which I felt was pretty reasonable for just a cup of water, but apparently not.- There were a lot of people that offered my companions stuff (drinks, a chair, etc), and then announced the price. They were a little bewildered by this the first few times, and annoyed the next.- That one dude that wouldn't take "no" for an answer seemed representative of about 50% of the male clientele. - The DJ was just sort of "meh". He was a very "top 40 remix" DJ, which was as advertised, and as expected. Nothing remarkable, nothing that bad. Very forgetable
2	Rolled on over to Body English for after hours after starting my night at Lavo.  I sorta/kinda remember getting to the Hard Rock...not much of a line around 2:30ish but we were on a guest list and no problems getting in.  Stopped at the bar upstairs to buy my ladies a round of drinks...$50 for 4 drinks...not surprised, and actually not too bad.  I once paid $22 for a redbull/vodka in Vegas. *&^*$(**&%#*!!?!??!!Once again, a million and one stairs to get downstairs. This is the worst idea ever when ladies in heels are involved.The dance floor was small, not crowded, but fun.  You knew that the people here were all pretty much wasted, but ready to keep the party going.  (I usually end up at Drai's for my afterhours, but since it's temporarily closed...)  The DJ was...eh.  Trust me, I love my EDM, and will be back for EDC in Vegas, but this was straight too much techno for me.  The untse untse's never changed.  It gets too repetitive for me.So I wandered over to the downstairs bar for another drink, and my experience here is what really left a bad taste in my mouth.  Facing the bar I was on the far left side.  The female waitress straight ignored me for a good 5-7 minutes, serving all of the men around me.  I am a patient bar fly, waiting my turn and not hounding the bartenders.  But when my whole side of the bar was empty, and she decided to hug and chat with her male friend that stopped by, even looking at my and obviously deciding she didn't want to serve me,  I had had enough.  Marched right on down to the other female bartender who was hustling to serve folks, and had a drink within a minute.  I told her she was doing an excellent job and that her coworker was a lazy, rude b*tch, and she just shook her head in silent agreement.  I would rather brave the stairs and go back to the upstairs bar than give that stupid a$$ my money.  At the end I hoped she would serve me so that I could give her a big fat ZERO tip.Body English...get your bartenders in check.  I have never been treated so rudely in Vegas.  Will I be back? Not unless I'm dragged.Bonus: after hours.Bogus: rudest bartender ever.
1	The first time I wanted to check out this club I looked at the crowd and they were all ghetto!!! So we left. The second time.. The bouncer was on a power trip and expected us to pay cover PLUS tip! We were 4 females! What club charges for 4 girls to go in?! They have really bad customer service! I'm not even going to try a third time here. Not worth it. And pleeeeease notice the date on all the positive comments for this club! They happened in 2009! It's so not like this anymore!
4	I had a really great time here with a couple of friends on a Sunday night. Sunday is their old school/hip hop night and DJ Drama was spinning. His set was amazing. We danced all night and there was enough room on the dancefloor to go crazy even though this is a small club. There was a cluster of a line outside the club but the bouncers were pretty cool. I was underaged when this club was open back in the day so I don't know how it is now compared to how it was.
2	First, it's pretty far way from civilization, but also the club was just not worth it. We got in for free and hung out with some people at their table, so we didn't have to pay for anything, but it still wasn't worth it. It was maybe 2:30am when we got there. It was pretty empty and the music was Techno. I'll pass on the club. Can't completely speak on the hotel.
1	The people in front were extremely rude. They told me there was hip hop. My bathroom is literally bigger then their "hip hop room" over priced drinks and shitty bartenders.
4	BASSment Friday's are awesome and free for locals, love it!
4	The only reason why I am giving this place a 4 stars is because I rate this a AFTER PARTY CLUB. So, this is the type of place you go to when you went to the other clubs. On top of which, the confetti & the fog machines all over the dance floor end your night with a BANG! You'll look like Kesha after this club; smeared eye makeup, confetti in your dress and ass and your hair will look like a fro --from all the humidity from the fog machines. You'll enjoy reruns of music over and over from the DJ (maybe it was just that night or maybe I was partying way too much), but, the club really made my friend look like a hot mess. And that's just the way you want to end a typical Vegas night.
4	What did I say? NO nightclubs for me! My friend told me it was OK, no lines for me, this wristband got me by pass all the lines and free champagne, I was like OK.... I was relaxing at my table at Ainsworth lounge, why would I go to a super loud and crowded nightclub? Just to check out the recently reopened Body English, this after hour hot spot till 7 in the morning? Excuse me, we would be at a strip club after 5 in the morning... Oh well.... Whatever, I was buzzed already... This place was actually pretty relaxing and chill, club goers were very friendly and fun, many people greeted us the minute we went in, maybe because people were drunk already, and we were skinny cute Asian and Russian girls? Anyways, we got a few free drinks from the bar and some other people there. Nice vibe, music and crowd, very friendly staffs too. We walked around a bit, a few drunk cute European white men chased after us a bit, we had to run to get away from them.... The main reason why I DO NOT like nightclubs! Ok, we have had checked out the entire club, had a few drinks, and encountered quite a few drunk people, not just guys, some old white ladies were trying to hit on us.... Oh... Seriously.... ????...... WTH.... Enough is enough!It was an interesting experience, if it wasn't too loud or too many drunk " too friendly" people, I might want to ask hubby to get a bottle there instead of Ainsworth lounge next time.... We will see...:)
4	Good for after hours because they are cranking out the jams til 7 am..Went on a Friday night and it was all the best hip hop songs..downside to this place is it has more hallways and stairs than dance floor.Bonus is if VIP areas aren't occupied you can rest your feet there.security guards always friendly and helpful..Oh another downside is some of the lady bartenders aren't to friendly to women.. me no
1	Weird! For some reason a yelp review was removed in regards to Body English. Well, here it is again, in a nutshell. Body English S-U-C-K-S! We booked a VIP table with bottle service for $400 and a few hours later we were pushed out, so they could resell our table. We were never told there was a time limit, nor were we offered the opportunity to reserve it longer. When asked what was up, the manager, Mike, decided to use childish insults and call the ladies in our group liars. We told him from the start, we wanted nothing more than a simple explanation, but that seemed to piss Mike off more. Whatever!! Never again! Go spend your hard earned money somewhere else. Peace!
1	The nightclub has terrible service. Went to the BSB after party last night. Was a complete rip off. Had a VIP wrist band that I paid for $150. Was pushed, grabbed and shoved by security not allowing me to enter the club when the rest of the VIP was allowed inside to get first access to the pit where Nick Carter was DJ ing. The event was very poorly planned. Where the location of the Will Call was constantly changing. First it was supposed to be at the Mandalay Bay, then it was at the Hard Rock. No signs or staff was able to direct us to the right line. Once that was settled, we got a 5 second, 5 person group photo with Nick, Kevin and Howie. We never got out VIP lanyard because the said quote this is show 31 of 32. Also Hard Rock doesn't allow special VIP lanyards. Our group picture supposedly is ended up being posted on the Backstreet Boys website where once again supposedly we can download it. Overall, the club atmosphere sucked with people pushing including 99% of staff moving you. I didn't enjoy how overcrowded it was and how grossly overcharged for this event when people got in the club for $30-$40 and got better treatment than the VIP. What VIP??? I wouldn't recommend this club to anybody.
3	Good spot..mixed crowd..music is great! I stumbled in here on a Sunday n the party still went till at least 5 am..I liked the place! Great after hours spot but it is a lil ways from the strip!
5	Wow most of the review on here are from years ago . . . . I remember when Body English and Pure where the only "it" clubs in Vegas.  Oh how the times have changed.Body English holds a special place in my heart since it was the first club I was a regular at when I moved to Vegas back in 2008.  BE is an iconic venue in Sin City, notorious for its sensual ambiance and decadent vibe performing EDM (Electronic Dance Music), Indie, Pop / Top 40, Mash-ups, and Rock in the main room.  There is also Hip-Hop/R&B music in the Parlor (side room) that is kinda hidden to the left at the bottom of the stairs.  Friday they host BassMent Fridays with Drum and Bass headliners like DJ's like Kill the Noise, 12th Planet, Teen Wolf, DJ Klever, and The M Machine with customized LED light shows.The party goes all night and well into the daylight hours on Friday and Saturday nights with open champagne bar for ladies from 11-1am and 2-4am.  Body is the place to be after 5am with an industry/local friendly environment.  Body English is more than simply a place to dance, it showcases some of Las Vegas' craziest private parties and special events with famous celebrities, famous sports superstars, and true legends of the entertainment industry in attendance.  If these walls could speak they would share stories of the annual Halloween Fetish & Fantasy Ball afterparty, the original Sunday School and Dorm Days parties, 10 years worth of Rehab afterparty festivities, and much more.Hours: Friday & Saturday 11pm - 8am or later if the crowd is still partyingSunday 11pm - 3am Locals are always free on Sunday with Nevada ID
4	Stranded searching for a spot on Sunday night in Vegas that's spinning Top 40 and Hip Hop, where you won't have to duck for your life!? Yeah. This was totally the joint for us! We were searching high and low then finally we decided to just check out the R Kelly event going on (no one I was with including myself is really an "R Kelly" fan! LOL) So we were a bit hesitant to go. BOY! Am I glad we went! It was really fun. Nifty little spot, super fun music, exactly what we were looking for and in our own hotel!Yay!  I will return!
2	Went for first time, nice looking lounge with arrogant staff.  Only had one bar open, if you dont want to pay $325 for bottle service dont come here.
3	This was the second stop on our "club hop/crawl" (with Club Viva Las Vegas - definitely read that review). I LOVED the more laid back atmosphere of Body English. The DJ was AMAZING that night. However, the dance floor and everywhere was packed and it was kind of hard to maneuver or even know where anything was to try to get to things. Apparently there is a separate hip hop room, but we didn't realize it and didn't have time to follow it. But the bouncers here were super friendly and not rude at all! The crowd was really into the party by this point in the night.
3	Someone who worked for the club gave us free passes, so I figured I had nothing to lose.  I tried to come here before 12, but there was too much confusion with the multiple lines.  There really was no need for the lines because I knew the place wasn't that crowded.  I came back here after hours and there was a lot less confusion.  The club itself was a lot of fun.  The whole place was a sausage fest, which is perfect if you are going there for a bachelorette party, but if you just wanted to get your dance on it was annoying. The music was better than any Philly club; however, it wasn't better than a Miami club because there wasn't enough dance music.  I went there on a night where there was a celebrity, but I'd come back on a DJ night.
4	This was a great venue to hear hip hop all night long. I am not a fan of hearing edm all night and most clubs are phasing to this type of music but not here they stayed true to 90's music up to now and I enjoyed myself.
4	My favorite Vegas club. Classier, more intimate, and better music than the competition. It's also a great option for couples and has a pretty age diverse crowd. I think the staff is one of the main things that separates this place from others.  From the bouncers to the bar staff the service is pretty exceptional and non- jaded (which is ultra refreshing in this town). If you put on your best man eating/lady killer outfit, and take a spin or two around the dance floor, you are almost guaranteed to get some sassy time later.
1	Where do I start?  If you know anything about music and what a DJ should actually sound like, stay far far away.I went here to see Craze and never thought I could be so disappointed.  The opening DJ was painful to listen to.  Even with a serato, he couldn't beat match to save his life.  He also couldn't get his levels right, come up with a decent track selection, or scratch (um, you're opening for Craze... stop embarrassing yourself).  The crowd still ate it up.  I'm not normally very judgmental, but this crowd was the lowest of the low and not what you would expect in a Vegas club.  The go-go dancers were ok with the exception of one - she had no clue what she was doing.  The dancers are supposed to set the tone for the crowd, so I guess she fit in perfectly.  When Craze went on, he totally played for this crappy crowd.  I had to book it out of there.  It was a very disheartening experience.I wish I could give this place zero stars.  The staff was nice, so I guess that's how they earned their star.
1	Payed over 1400 for bottle service and the guy upfront asked for my card even tho we were paying cash. After checking my bank statement I have been charged $15.00 a week since I left Las Vegas. Watch this place lot for scammers! Wouldn't give em ur card!
3	Me and my girl were staying across the street at Rumor hotel so it was convienent for us to come here. Earlier that day we came to the club entrance and a man gave us some pink wristsbands for free champagne until 1am or something like that. It's so hard for me to club nowdays because I hate house music and prefer hip hop. The bigger room is of course dedicated to house music. The tiny ass room with the creepy vibe is where they play hip hop. I couldn't stay in either room long, we kept switching back and forth. I do have to say, the nicest people work here. That's pretty much the reason I would go back. Also, no dress code that I saw, and people were having a pretty good time. If I wanted to work at a nightclub in Vegas, I would probably work here, even though the bartenders and waitresses uniforms look like they were bought in the clearance lingerie section at Debshops. The people that worked there looked like they were having just as much or even more fun than the clubgoers. Also, the majority of the male waiters were extremely good looking Asain boys. Yes, I'm about it. This isn't the hottest club in Vegas... far from it... so there tends to be more of an older crowd, although there were younger people there too. Just not as many. Free champagne, an actual hip hop option even though it was sorta lame, nice staff, and it was still just alright, but I would come again.
4	We enjoyed ourselves here. The music was good, played some old school songs. The girls working were very friendly and talkative. They spray fog randomly that was freezing at first but perfect once you started dancing and getting hot. I'd go back.
5	I am a Vegas clubbing veteran.  I'd rather not disclose my age, but I will say I was partying in this space back when it was Baby's.  So, feeling nostalgic, I wanted to party here for my fabulous **th birthday.  Body English never disappoints.  I'm so glad that it reopened.  As others have stated, it's not the "over the top" production like XS or Marquee, but when you get "over" a certain age, that's just no longer the scene for you and it's just about having a good time, not being "seen."  I can't begin to tell you how well we were treated.  My friend had a headache and needed to grab some Tylenol at the gift shop.  Our security guard escorted her to the gift shop and back so she would not have any issues getting back in.  We were tipping everyone left and right (ok, we may have been really drunk, but those people deserved every dollar).  My career success is based on customer service and professionalism, so whoever is training this staff is doing it right.  Not one person in that place was rude - from our host at the door (that's you Handsome Oliver), to the gentleman checking IDs, to our table hosts, to our security guard.  Every staff member had a smile on their face the entire night.  And talk about attentive!  My clubbing days are probably numbered, but if I never go to another club again, I'm glad my last experience was at Body English.  I would have paid DOUBLE based on the service alone.  Oh, and we were on the dance floor all night long - so kudos to the DJ too.
4	The only time when I'll ever go clubbing is in the city of Las Vegas.Before arriving in Vegas, my cousin's friend had a night planned for a combined Bachelor/Bachelorette party. We wanted to make sure the bride and groom to be had a great time. Our coed party of eleven arrived at the club via limo service around 11pm on a Friday night.  We made contact with our host, but we weren't let in since 11pm is still considered early. Once the club was ready to open, we were ready to party! Our VIP table was located in the middle of the club, overlooking the dance floor. To the left and right of our table, go-go dancers were always present and dancing. Our table had three large bottles of Belvedere vodka with mixture choices of cranberry or orange juices.Our waitresses made sure our drinks were always topped off or refilled. The DJ was consistently good with the tunes. Thanks Body English for proving Vegas clubs are like no other!
5	Best night club in town to get up close and rub elbows with your favorite singer or performer. Saw Flo Rida this week- end. It was like sitting in first row. Prefer a smaller more intimate club with friendly doormen, security and servers. Great DJ's and music. DJ IKon rocked the building. Easy parking and short distance to club entrance.
1	Never had a problem to get in anywhere not in LA not in NYC not in MIA but these door guys and even the manager Oliver Porter ( I made sure to ask for his name) decided to make it an issue. I cannot fathom the rudeness I experienced that night. Cannot recommend this place...,
4	Body English was a great club to visit in Vegas. We were able to get a travel zoo coupon for bottle service for 199. The only catch was you have to pay 18% tip and the taxes so that basically added $100 to the bill. But all in all it was still a great deal. There were a bunch of beautiful people here. The security there was totally awesome and the staff there seem to be pretty cool also. Definitely the music was off the hook. It was a mix of old school and new school. There was even a guest appearance by someone from Wu Tang. Have no idea who this dude was but he seem old enough to be in a group. If you're looking for a cool place with no problems to dance and have a good time check out this club off the strip in the Hard Rock Cafe .
5	Body English inside the Hard Rock is definitely one of the better clubs in Las Vegas. We came on a Saturday night and had snagged a Travelzoo deal for VIP bottle service and we couldn't pass it up! We had a group of 5 (3 guys, 2 girls) and we had no problems getting in, getting our booth, getting our drinks, and dancing the night away.The girl that was tending to us was hot and super friendly, and we never had to wait for our glasses to be refilled. This may be an odd complaint, but she was a little heavy on the amount of alcohol she put into the drinks, so that made it disappear faster. (We're guessing that's because the owners want you to drink more and drink it faster, so that you can drop another 300 bucks on another bottle, lol). The music was EXCELLENT and I definitely have no complaints about the DJ and the music that was played. It was a great mix of EDM, old school and new school hip-hop, pop, and top 40 radio bangers.The crowd was slightly older, which isn't necessarily a bad thing considering I'm close to my 30s, but if you're into the barely legal 21-year-old scene that plays nothing but EDM and rave music all night, then Body English isn't the place for you.The workers hand out these really cool Styrofoam glow sticks to everyone in the club so the whole place is vibrant with flashing lights and colors. Awesome! They also had a strong mist that came down from the ceiling a couple of times on the main dance floor, so that was a nice little way to cool off. They also had a blast of confetti that came from the ceiling. The whole place was just booming with color the whole night and made it really festive in there.Body English is a winner--I'd definitely come back!
5	Vey nice club! Everybody is so attentive. If u go make sure you go VIP and get Lamar as your security. Lamar is the man!!!
5	Had so much fun, the security guy Lamar made it the best.  I'd definitely go back and request him.  Even the dancers were fun and posed for pictures with us.
5	I actually really liked this club. I came here with a group of friends after a promotor lured us in. Girls got free drink until 1am and were free of charge which was great. The dj played a wide range of music which kept us dancing the whole night. Although all this was great, the reason why I really liked it was because everyone who worked there was realllyyy nice, which is surprising for Vegas. The female bartender was really nice, the security guards were polite and at one point the dancer handed me a napkin when he saw a drink was spilled on me! If there's one thing I love, it's great customer service. This place definitely provided that.
3	Got in for free on Sunday (if you kept your wristband from the rehab pool party). Coming in for free was the highlight of this place. Drinks are the same price here as at every Las Vegas club. The upstairs was closed off, the downstairs wasn't packed and the dj in my opinion was very subpar (he played the opposite of what everybody wanted to hear). Overall if this place is free again I would come, but if it come down to my money, this place to me isn't worth it.
2	Went here Sunday night. Man, has this place fell off over the years. I remember when this place was it on Sunday nights. Not anymore.  Told them I had a presale ticket, they didn't even check to see if it was legit.  Nobody was in there, and the staff looked as if they hated their jobs. At 2am I gave up, and walked to Mr. Luckys to get something to eat. After talking to a couple of locals the next day they told me the Hard Rock isn't like it used to be. Lotta druggies and hood people.I used to vouch for the Hard Rock, I'll never forget seeing Akon and a unknown Lady Gaga there years ago at Rehab. Those days seem as though they are long gone.
2	Not impressed. Too many ghetto people flock to this location. Felt like I was partying with the Bridge and Tunnel crowd
1	Discriminates against Men. $40 for guys, $30 for ladies.
1	Hmm should I begin with the rude ass service or the 50+ crowd!? Let's begin with the service. I took my girlfriend to Body English for free drinks and a little dancing. I was immediately disappointed by the lack of organization. My friend and I were not told we needed to check in before going up to the register. The two women at the register were not happy that we were not checked in one of the blatantly blurted out ( I am so fucking irritated right now) I gave her the crazy eyes because although we got in for free we are still customers!!! I mean really?! I don't give a damn how upset you are you should NEVER say such things in front of the customer. I had to ask for my wristband since they were too emotional to do their job properly and on top of that one of the girls kept giving me a dirty look for no reason.  I will never ever go back to this place and the crowd the sucks ass!!!!!!
