5	I haven't been to their store in Vegas, but I recently ordered some e-liquid for my e-cig from Pink Spot online.They have tons of liquid flavors to choose from, but my favorites are Black Mamba and Cherry Limeade. I ordered a sample pack which has 6 different flavors. All were yummy and of high quality for your vaping needs.I highly recommend Pink Spot Vapors, I shall have to visit their store next time I am in Vegas...I had a really good online experience ordering from them!I even got a little sample of e-cig liquid with my order and a nice little thank you note for ordering! :-D
4	Recently went to vegas this weekend. And pink spot is on my must go list. Love the place. Has a candy shop bar feel. Of course they have their juice, love the fact they have it made to order. The guy who help us was great. Forgot his name but he was helpful and made us feel comfortable not rushed. And even gave us some stuff to take home (pen,sticker,flashlight,). Will def stop there every time I go to Vegas.
5	First of all, dealing with Pink Spot has been one of the most pleasant experiences I have ever dealt with as far as any online transactions. They are helpful, quick in responses, friendly, and downright professional. They go out of their way to give you the best customer service they can!Started vaping a few months ago through a local brick and mortar store in Los Angeles, but I wasn't impressed with the flavors available at the store. My friends referred me to Pink Spot and strongly urged me to order from there. I was hesitant to order from online since you don't get to try the flavors before you commit, like you would at a actual store. But they offer sample packs which are a great value and allows you to try all the flavors you want, it's a no brainer and worth the risk. I actually ordered 3 sample packs and pretty much got one of every flavor I wanted to try, which is almost all the flavors that Pink Spot offers. Trust me, there's A TON of flavors offered which really impressed me of Pink Spot. I put in the order and received my shipment within 2 business days, again very impressed and satisfied. They even threw in a free sample of another flavor I didn't even order! Not to mention wrote a personal hand written note on my invoice thanking me for my business! Classy, personal, and just makes you feel appreciated as a customer. Now why can't all businesses be like Pink Spot?Honestly I've had it for a week now, only have gone through 5 flavors so far. I have 15 more to go! I won't review all the flavors because it's really a personal thing and preference to each person. I can't say I've loved every flavor yet, but so far they are all tasty, strong, not watered down, and you can taste the quality in the liquids. The flavors I do like, I'm in love with, so keep an open mind and try all the flavors! Also some flavors you might not like at first, but keep vaping them, you might grow to love them! Thanks Pink Spot, I will definitely order my refills from you guys only!!!! Your prices are definitely cheaper than any stores locally, which is awesome! Ordering from online is just the way to go!
4	Great place to buy your vape supplies. I would love it and visit more if it was closer to the strip, but you can't go wrong with the juices that they have to offer. Great value and great people. Coming from socal where there are a lot of vape shops popping up here and there, Pink Spot is a sigh of relief when going to vegas and a definite stop by for your vape enthusiasts.
4	GREAT STAFF! The staff here was super helpful. Was looking for something to take over a nasty habit and it serves its purpose. I actually found this place here on yelp! Its hidden in the corner of a shopping center up on N Decatur so make sure you swing by on the best buy and costco side of the shopping center. I love that they offer different flavors and has a bar feeling when you order. If your looking to kick an old habit and find something less harmful with the help of a great staff def check this place out!
4	I was searching for vapor shops for the MIL and found this fairly close to my house. We struck out with so many various menthol mixes and I'm starting to get discouraged we will never get her off again for good. I try to not be pushy but when family members have died from smoking I just want to slap everyone awake. The BF and I talked to someone very helpful that helped us narrow down a possible choice for her. I like that compared to some e-liquids, here they pride themselves on not cutting anything with additives to cut their costs and keep it pure as possible so it does fully combust into water vapors. They blend and bottle liquid by the order so they can dial it into your specific likes. We ended up getting her some USA blend with menthol at a 18.Prices break down as such 6ml $5.95, 12ml $9.95, 30ml $22.95 120ml $69.95 or 6 6ml variety pack for $29.95. They also sell various type e-cigs as well. One plus is it's comfy to hang out with tables, and chairs with board games, couches, etc. It's busy, but they have enough people to help everyone out in a timely manner. Definitely not your average smoke shop vibe in here so for that alone, I recommend it. If you can't drop by the store, this is a brick and mortar location for a online business.Later on in the day, my MIL ended up swinging by and so she was interested in going by. We were helped by someone else and was also thorough and patient. She was able to try various minted, menthol, spearmint, etc flavors. Good thing she was most happy with the USA blend menthol that we originally got. She got a bit stronger than the sample which was at a level 12, and hers is a 18. She didn't detect that taste she doesn't like at a 12, but gets a tiny bit in the 18. Hrmmm.... I think we have some tweaking to do, but this is the first liquid she hasn't been repelled by so lets see what happens in the next few weeks as she uses this e-liquid. She has no more cigarettes and just a new e- cig so let's hope this is a start and also the end.
5	great customer service! and the establishment/decor is awesome! only problem is that the location is quite a ways and that they punch their holes on the cartomizers too big! those are my only concerns but all in all A+ on everything
5	Never been to the store since I live so far away. Did my transaction online. The people that work there are real nice. Sent them an email and promptly replied back. Shipping would have been faster if USPS didn't mess up. Not Pink Spot's fault. Will definitely be a repeat customer and maybe check out their store when I return to Vegas.
5	The best place in the state for juice.
5	This is my first time using vape. PSV showed me how to use the products and let me taste majority of the flavor. I bought the voltage tube mod with adjustable volatage, battery, charger, 6ml tank, and the 6 bottle sample set. They also upgraded my cartomizer for free so I dont burn it out. All of this with tax came out to $149. Very great price! They showed me how everything works and are very friendly when doing so. The place is a little far but well worth it. I would say to bring cash if you spend over $50 because you get a free 6ml bottle of your choice. I only tried rip tide so far and it taste amazing. I will be going here from now on for flavors and accessories.
5	They have, by far the best flavors in town. Definitely worth the drive and the service here is very much above and beyond what I have ever had. I love that they have a flavor bar and are very patient with us every time we come by to buy juices. I suggest this place to everyone, even none smokers, to enjoys to enjoy their awesome vapor flavors.
4	Phenomenal customer service!Great juices!The only thing I would mark off a star is delivery.  I live in LA so I hate (HATE) waiting for my order to come in...i'm just excited and can't wait everytime i place an order for their juicy flavors.Speaking of flavors, PS needs to do a bacon cheese burger flavor.  Or a "chocolate meat" flavor!oh and please open a shop in LA!
5	As far as I am considered the only Vapor Spot in Vegas. LOVE the PINK chair, helpful staff and great flavor selection of e-cig oils.
2	Pink Spot is a pretty cool lil place. I was told that it was out in the Vegas area, just off the strip. Making the trek out here was something else!! I didn't think that it would have been such a mission to get here. My GPS signal was lost. That's how far out there it was. Luckily for us, I had mapped it out earlier and had really looked into the detailed directions. This shop, in my opinion, was good and bad. The good thing was that it was nicely decorated and clean. Their signage was easy to read and their various promo info was posted clearly in several places. The flavors here are pretty cool. They are not super cheap juices like at some other places. They have a good variety of flavors. However, and this is one of the thing that bothers me the absolute most, they do not have many of their flavors available for sample. You have to just take their word for it that it's good or bad or that you would or would not like it. I didn't like that part. I thought that they would have a better stash of sample juices for customers who were first time pink spot juice buyers. I also didn't like the girl that was helping us. She was full of attitude and talked to us like we weren't human. WTF!! I know that I had some questions about different products that they had in their cases but she didn't need to give me that look like I was an idiot. And of course, the tone in her voice couldn't been a bit more welcoming. She almost looked annoyed that she had to help us. Too bad she was the one behind the counter that day. I don't like the whole roll your eyes and smack your gum thing at me. I think the other thing that really made me upset was that lots of regulars walked in and were helped before us although we had been waiting a lot longer. Not to mention, once you've "ordered" your juices, you are stuck waiting for them. There are a bunch of ppl in the back room working like oompa loompas. I think that they are dispensing your juices into your bottles and things. Anyway, it takes 'em a while to do that and so, rather than have them readily available, you have to wait for your bottles of juice to be filled. Man that took too long. In the mean time, too, there isn't anything to do. It was fun to visit just to see where this place was but there is NO way that I'd really want to come back. I can just as easily order my juices on line. BOO!!
4	I really enjoy Pink Spot Vapors, I have been vaping their juices for a little under a year. hahah that didn't sound right! Sandy and Penn are very nice people, and love to crack jokes in person, on FB, and anywhere else the world will let them...After spending many dollars on various sub par juices, I came across PSV! I don't remember how, but I am glad I did! They easily have the best tasting and most consistent juices I have tried, and I have tried many different brands. I spend a lot of time with Riptide, Honey Tobacco, and Watermelon Wave. They offer occasional discounts through Twitter and FB, and do offer a tiny selection of tips online. I have not yet visited their store location, but I know they sell hardware there (e-cigs, batteries, tanks, cartos, tips, etc). I will visit on my next trip out to Vegas for sure. The reason they did not get 5 stars is because their prices are a bit steep (online), they don't offer discounts very often, and they don't sell hardware online!PS: Sandy writes a HAND WRITTEN note in every order, who does that anymore?! They also include a free sample juice that's your choice! Awesome!
3	After my last visit I would have rated 1 star.  Came in and felt like I was rushed, didn't try any flavors just pointed my finger at a couple different ones and off I went.  Decided to give this place another shot, and seeing that its 35 miles away from where i lived it would be the last time if i received poor service.  This time I came in and was helped by Corbin, not only was he helpful but he also helped me out with suggestions on flavors and other options.  Completely changed my mind on this place.  While sitting and waiting for my liquids to be ready I noticed that a few customers left and there was some down time and an employee came from around the counter and started cleaning the glass tables.  Surprised that I didn't notice how clean and neat this place really is.  Would have given 5 stars having a good experience the first time, but ill definitely be back and hopefully be able to post more good things about it.
1	well im going to make it easyover priced!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fake and only want your moneythe people who work there have to wear mods that they sell and not use there own because they push and push to sell crap to the people who know nothing....like sheeeeepout of all the places ive been to........i will say pinkspot is like a walmart but overpriced.......you never want to go unless its the last and i mean last resort...
5	I have never written a review online for anything, but I truly believe that Pink Spot Vapors deserves the following review.  It has now been over 6 months since I have had a cigarette.  When I first walked into PSV I was a total non-believer of the whole "Vaping" thing.  They have completely changed my mind!!  I have to say that I am probably NOT the easiest customer, I have TONS of questions all the time......This being said without the help of their amazing staff I would've gone right back to smoking within a week.  Everyone in there is knowledgeable and helpful, but I have my favorites, and I am willing to wait extra time to be helped by either Eric or Corbin. They have both put up with me and all of my questions for over 6 months and for that they deserve a medal!!  Haha!!   I have sent about 10-12 people into PSV and all of them are also now non-smokers..YAY!!  Sandy and Penn are the owners and they are very much a part of everything that goes on in the shop....it has a family feeling right when you walk in the door.  This feeling has to be started at the top, and they have done a great job with that!!  They have a huge list of different juices and a lot of them to sample.  I am a HUGE fan of almost all of the flavors that I have tried and I have tried a lot!!  To sum it up, I say it is a definite MUST GO!!!  You will not be disappointed!! =)
5	When I walked in to this place it wasHELLA clean and nicely decorated. It's not all ghetto and hood like those other bougie ass "vape" shops. We were immediately greeted by ALL the employees. I just needed some juice but my cousin ended up buy a vape kit. The man that helped us, Vince, was hella cool and hella patient. He is the definition of customer service. I really like there flavors and they have a pretty big selection. I got to try some as well and I really like the grape. I got the Andes mint. That was pretty good. And my cousin got banana nut bread-that shit was FIRE! So good. And I also like the fact that they make the juice FRESH, that day. They have a sample pack like 6 6ml bottles for $29.95. I thought it was gonna be hella expensive but it turns out it's actually very nicely priced compared to other vape shops. And they also have a wider variety than most shops. It's out of the way, but definitely worth the trip. Thanks for the awesome customer serviceVince, you're awesome. Definitely will be back.
3	So some time has passed and the BF and I have gotten into vaping ourselves and decided to come try the juices  this time, instead of our last visit of purchasing for someone else, his mom. (FYI, she ended up not liking her menthol in the end). So we try a bunch of flavors and narrow it down to 3 flavors - Cantaburry Crush, Pink Spot, and Gummy Bear. The samples they use are at a nicotine 12mg when you are trying so keep that in mind. For us there is a harsher throat hit with more nicotine, but oddly the 3mg was just about the same feel when using the Pink Spot and Gummy Bear one. We got the Cantaburry Crush with zero nicotine and that was fine and smooth and both our favorites. I think they might've been a bit heavy handed with their nicotine.One benefit of this place is that if it's not quite what you want, take the juice back and they will dial back or boost up the nicotine, add flavor, etc for free to get it to where you want it. Some places have a you mixed it, oh wellsies type policy and some will probably help you if it's that bad, but this is the first store I've been told I can do this before something goes wrong. It's SO simple, but is going the extra mile to tell a customer, please don't hesitate if it's not right. Cost wise, it's a few dollars more than a few of the other custom mix juice shops but still not absolutely out of bounds. Prices break down as such 6ml $5.95, 12ml $9.95, 30ml $22.95 120ml $69.95 or 6 6ml variety pack for $29.95. Since the store is in the North and Vegas suffers from the anything not on their side of town is too far disease, you can also order everything online as well. We also got a few tanks for these new flavors here, the ismoka mini bcc tanks. I just dont like the smoke tip compared to a round one and it has a smaller tank than most but the draw is good from them. This is probably the best carto/ bottom coil you'll find. Seriously. I prefer the mini over the larger (bit tighter draw), but both have been the most consistent ones we've found so if you're starting off this is a great affordable BCC to start with. Plus also is you can get either 2.5 or 1.8 ohm replacement coils though the default in the tank you purchase is 2.5. Customer service here I feel is always good. We've always had someone friendly and willing to take the time with us. This visit was definitely in line with the good service we've had all previous times and we've now dealt with a handful of different people working there. It's not my favorite juice, but their variety is wide so I will probably be back. I just know this is somewhere I prefer to get it at a zero, just for flavor than any nicotine. I feel for a beginner, it's a clean inviting friendly space and is not intimidating to come in and try a starter. For me, I've moved on to another level of things like mechanical mods and trying various juices so the store sits at a A-OK for me. One of the guys did say they were thinking of stocking more US made mechanicals and doing a few building type workshops. If they did, I feel this would be a store with much more hold on the vaping community and I would probably come here more.
5	I tried out a few flavors here with the help of a nice and patient lady that i cannot remember the name of.. SORRY!! i ended up getting the Cantaberry Crush, "on the rocks" because i love my menthol, and wow does it taste great.the ambience is something more of a stop by, order your juice and leave. I like to sit, relax and talk to other people. My couple visits to pink spot were good, i sat down to vape a bit on the lounge couches, but no one sat down so i figure they were in a hurry. Nothing to knock a star down of course. But if you're like me, i wouldn't lounge around here ahaha. Overall a great experience, customer service is great, flavors in my opinion are great, i'm a satisfied customer, if im on Pink Spot's side of town, ill stop by to grab one or two liquids.
4	Came here with my friend to check out their flavors. It was a bit of a drive from Downtown Las Vegas...so if you're staying on the strip, its an even further drive. Its in the corner of a huge plaza. Parking lot is huge, so that shouldn't be an issue. As we walk in, were greeted right away - Wes helps us with a menu and what they have as samples. He does a very good job of describing the flavors to us and helping us with what we want. Prices are comparable to smaller shops in LA. Flavors are good, nothing special really. But I do like the "Nutty Buddy Cookie" (which is a Nutter Butter).  I havent been able to find anything like it in LA. In the end I got a sampler pack: 6 bottles of  the 6ml and any flavor you want for $29.95. Nice place, the employee we got was really helpful and knowledgable of the items they had.
3	Reflections from my 7/25/13 review: After thinking about my initial review, I have to say I was a bit upset. Disappointed  more than anything. However, I feel it's not fair to rate this business from 1  bad visit. Maybe they weren't having a good day is what I will believe. I strive on positive energy and I wasn't feeling it from Pink Spot that day.  I hope they learn from their mistakes as we all do. The store is very nice. It just needs better customer service once in a while.Went in with my sister-in-law on 7/25/13 who happens to be from out of the country. We were greeted and helped by Brandon. He was wonderful, patient, knowledgeable, a real customer service gem. He should really be considered for the position of store manager. We purchased over $400 worth of kits and juice. Since my sister-in-law is from out of the country she stocked up on the juice and tips and purchased two kits. We also asked Brandon to create 2 different transactions due to a customs issue, since if you spend over a certain of money, you get raped with taxes once you get home. Brandon said no problem! When he did this for us, he mentioned a promotion that if we spend over $150.00 we would get a free bottle of 30ml juice. We said great! We never noticed the small sign! At this point everyone was happy :) He then comes back to tell me that the store manager had told him we could only get one free bottle and not two. So I asked him to ask the grumpy looking owner that walked in, to please reconsider. C'mon people...It's a $400 dollar sale (CASH!!!!) And your 30ml of juice costs you $3.00 to make! Brandon came back saying the owner said no but gave us some PSV bracelets and a deck of cards! Really??  Brandon was apologetic. He has more sense of Customer Service than the owner and manager. I guess I could have easily grabbed the money from my sister-in-law and made the other purchase myself but I never ever thought it was necessary.I really hope your $3.00 bottle of juice was worth losing my business. I will no longer buy there nor refer you again. I felt embarrassed to be honest. Mr. Pink Spot...The moment you start to think you're too good, is the moment you start to fail. Remember... Excellent Customer Service is the key to Customer Retention. And you are not the only Vape store in town.
2	I have been vaping for almost two years and I kept hearing pink spot come up so I figured must be good right? Well I was disappointed I thought prices were way too high, but the worse part for me was trying to find a flavor that I could taste. I like my flavor  so I can taste. The people were nice atmosphere little girly but clean. If I were shopping for looks this would be the place.
4	Great store people were very friendly juice has a great taste. They explained how the batteries work. Only bad thing is location I live in Henderson they are really far away but I will recommend them to my fellow vapors and any new ones . Please open another store in Hendersonf
2	My bro told me about this place to get me to start vaping and quit smoking. This place is near my part of town so I drove down there on 05/10/2013 to get me started on vaping. When I walked in I was greeted then a girl went to help me. I told her that I smoke and wanted to start vaping. She showed me the most expensive kit and I told her I was on a budget and when I have enough money I'll eventually upgrade. She acted like "come on buy the thing and go" type of look. As any first vapor would get I got the PSV 510 e-cig which looks like a cig. So she showed me how to fill it and the one I tried was working but she didn't check to see if everything works. I got home and tried charging my other battery so it will be set for when the one I'm vaping dies. The battery would not charge so the next week when I have money I go back down and tell them the battery was DOA and they acted like the lady who sold it would be talked to. Didn't happen anyway they replaced my battery and I bought a few more juices. A week later my battery won't work so I go back in with my receipt and the first thing out of the guys mouth is "you can't keep bringing back batteries expecting to get a new one for free" at this point I felt like there was no respect or customer service. Even though I was dissapointed I bought their ego kit which was $70 I did get a free 6ml bottle of e-liquid. At this point I think I gave up going there to buy e-juice and other stuff. I did some research and I now been buying stuff online from other vendors. Now as far as juices it seems like pink spot don't have great tasting juices at all since I went to a different vendor. Pink spot juice is not that flavorful and their flavors fade. I'm just going to say this pink spot has a nice shop but as far as customer service it sux and is a poor attitude. There is only 1 person I would actually talk to and he takes his time and helps explain stuff. So would I recommend this place to newbies no maybe veterans if they want to try new e-juice but that is about it.
3	My bf and I drove all the way across town to check this place out today. While I am glad we checked it out I don't think we will be back. When we walked in we were greeted and helped immediately by an almost apathetic employee. He was only as helpful and nice as he needed to be; nothing above and beyond customer service wise. I was disappointed by the lack of sample flavors for sure. I am somewhat new to this and don't want to waste money buying flavors at random. I tried a couple flavors on the sample list and didn't like either of them. My bf bought a protank and the atomic fireball juice and is happy with both so it was not a wasted trip. The shop is super swanky with fancy couches, decorations and lighting; all very nice. However, I found the atmosphere to be rather stuffy and not very laid back and welcoming. The employees were nice enough but over all I found this place to be heavy on fancy appearance and lacking on product. They need more sample flavors and more accessories to choose from. On top of all that the location just doesn't work for me. It's a fourty minute drive from my apt and just not worth the trouble.
5	Made the special trip out here to check out their juice. The lovely lady that was helping was none other than one of the co-creators of Pink Spot, Sandi!  She was so nice and helpful with suggestions on flavors. I wish I got the name of the guy that I was chatting with because he was very fun. I will Pink Spot was in California. I want to pack them up and take them home with me. They make their juice in the back while you wait. So cool!  And juice itself, overall good lively flavors. Not synthetic tasting like with other brands.  I am now a loyal customer.  Thank you Sandi and all at Pink Spot. Totally worth the drive into nowhere. :)
3	I used their online service rather than going in the store as I live in LA. I placed my order on Thursday and it didn't arrive until Tuesday. I was a little disappointed as I had read some reviews about them being efficient with shipping. I called them on Saturday to inquire about my order and the girl on the phone notified me that it had shipped that morning. So placed my order mid afternoon on Thursday and it wasn't shipped until Saturday..... Other than that I really love their flavors. I also liked the personal message that was hand written on my invoice, thanking me for my business. I will definitely order from them again in the future. Hopeful that my orders won't ship two days after I order them in the future.
1	One good flavor out of the ones "available" to test. I think it's stupid how its a juice company and yet you can't try all the flavors they sell, only a certain few. Second if you live in Vegas and are willing to drive to the actual location you can't use the discount code they offer to their online people. They'd rather you spend the money on shipping than give u a discount for actually going there. THIS IS STUPID. Nothing against the place I think it's great but offer discounts to customers who actually show up at your door and not just online orders.
5	I would just like to start off by saying that, going in to this, I knew absolutely NOTHING about e-cigs. What I did know was I needed to quit smoking but couldn't do it cold turkey. Well, not without killing someone lol. I walked in not knowing anything about juices or how e-cigs work. I was a bit skeptical and nervous, to say the least. Upon entering, I was immediately greeted by an employee. This is a huge deal for me as my background is primarily retail. The place was pretty crowded which, to me, is a sign that they are doing something right. When it was finally my turn, I was helped by a gentleman named Wes. Wes was truly incredible. He was funny and extremely knowledgeable. He explained every little detail about the products and really helped me understand hoe they work to help you quit smoking. He also allowed me to sample a variety of his favorite flavors. I ended up purchasing an ego c twist and a sample pack. Best purchase I've ever made. I will definitely be returning and recommending Pink Spot, and Wes, to friends and family. Amazing flavors, products, and, above all else, employees!
5	I know it's just a vape shop but from the moment you walk in, you feel welcomed. It's always clean, the staff is always friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. They offer you items WITHOUT pushing it too far. Their flavors are all made by them, and they can adjust the nicotine if you feel like it's too much/not enough. It can get really packed at times, but it's not a dreadful wait time. I feel like I should add, if you tip, they all chime in at the same time with some sort of chant. Like a cult saying thanks.
5	I had a great experience in the pink spot. I'm a cigar smoker and I have been looking for a way to stop or at least drastically cut down! I went into a few other vape shops in town and asked if they had any cigar flavor juice and they looked at me like a dog that's been shown a card trick! Those shops were no help. When I walked in to the pink spot they were extremely inviting and warm even though I am a newb. It has a great lounge feel and everyone was having fun. I asked about finding a cigar flavor and I was helped by a man named Doc. He was an ex-cigar smoker and a huge help! It made a world of difference being able to describe cigar terms and flavors and he completely related to what I was looking for. That gave me the confidence to trust him in his advice on what device to purchase. It has changed my life!  I'm so happy with my set up and I have yet to crave a cigar! Thank you Doc! Thank you pink spot!
5	Pink Spot was a great experience. The staff is fantastic and knowledgeable. The product itself is top shelf. Their juice is one of a kind. I have tried a few different brands now since I have been vaping and there is NOTHING like Pink Spot's blends. They have a taste bar and you can taste every single flavor if you so feel like it! The new store is really nice. When you walk in you feel like, well, a kid in a candy store! (or should we say vape store?) There were tons of people there to help. The second I walked in, I was greeted and treated like I was the only person in the store; even though it was pretty busy! Highly recommended. There are two locations and the original location will actually mix your vape custom if you wish. I will continue to shop at Pink Spot for as long as I am vaping! (which at this point will be forever!) The new store is located on Rainbow/215 in the Arroyo Crossing shopping center (but closer to the back going towards Chili's). Excellent location and easy to find! FIVE STARS!
5	I've been to a few vapor shops in Vegas, but Pink Spot is by far the best. Every time I'm there the place is packed - BUT I have been in and out within ten minutes each time. The staff is excellent, patient and very helpful. The juices are far better that the others I've tried, they have a huge selection and not to mention the bottles are a lot easier to use. This is the only shop I've been and will continue to go to.
5	I've reserved writing a review because I couldn't believe what a great experience I had the first time. Turns out its like that every time! I've been there 5 times now and the salesmen are insanely knowledgeable and don't try to push any product on you. They actually find out what your needs are, and then meet them by making great recommendations as a real salesmen should. Not to mention, their juices are the very best I've tried and I've been vaping for a year. This is my "go to" place for vapor. Keep it up pink spot people!
1	Terrible.  I don't even live in Vegas but for damn sure I won't visit this place again.  I go to Vegas to see family.  Have been curious to try vaping but had NO CLUE where to start.  Thought this place would be helpful in getting me started.  I guess not.We walked in and the place was busy.  People standing by the door but no one was sure where the line was.  We walked right in and were looking at the merchandise in the cases only to realize it was assumed we were cutting in line.  Um....no.  Didn't even KNOW there was a line.  Strike one.Strike two.  We finally chat with other folks in this "line" and determine we need to get IN the line.  So we do but were really curious about the merchandise and had questions.  If you're going to anticipate a lot of traffic, maybe some guidelines or a number system so your customers know wth is going on.  It would be helpful if you can grab a number, put your name on a list, SOMETHING to hold your place but still be able to browse.  As it was you couldn't really browse because the customers were all blocking the cases.  Anyway....Strike three.  Each cashier after helping a customer would shout out "NEXT!" which was kind of rude.  At least TRY to have some customer service skills.  We're people, not cattle.  Geez.Strike four (and yes, usually three and you're out but this place exceeded in being a waste of my time).  Once we were "up" to be helped the girl was very short with me.  I told her I had no idea about vaping and came in for some education.  She promptly spouted off the price of the starter kits in the case in front of her and then directed me to follow her to a second and again, spouted off the prices there.  I asked a few questions which she answered in an irritated tone.  I don't want to know prices, I want to know how it works, how long the battery lasts for, etc. etc. etc.  Like I said, I announced to her from the beginning I was needing information.  After my 5 min interaction with her, I thanked her and walked out the door.  Not only were they overpriced, they were rude, unhelpful and irritating.  Me and my $200 I had allotted myself to spend as had my friend went to another shop where we gladly spent our money.  This place stinks and I have no idea why it was so busy unless it was just folks coming in to by the e-juice or if it's the only one in this area.  It's very boutique-y and nicely decorated which is the ONLY thing I liked about my experience.  The rest is just plain bad.  Don't waste your time.
4	Matt is very attentive. He has lots of patience, and seems to be more into the customer service side of things than sales. I ended up purchasing more product because he was so helpful. Cool cat for sure. Their product seems to taste less synthetic than other e juice I've purchased from other stores.
3	Yum! Vaping!! The craze phase for both young and old. Pink Spot at 215 and Decatur is a small shop full of pricey e-cigs and ejuices. They have exactly one couch, and a set-up that reminds you of a jewelry counter. It's very clean and very pretty! There was a bit of a line when we arrived. The line was unorganized and hard to find. They should probably use some kind of line-aisle-separator, but currently they don't. So figure out where the line is and get in it! Because you won't be served otherwise! The salespeople are only really expecting to sell, they give out information as you're buying. So if you're only looking for information, I suggest you go the moment they open so you may ask them all your questions. When I bought, it ended up being a bit expensive and my cashier gave me a free stand and ink pen for my buy, which was nice :)  They are largely an online company, but offer a little bit more product variety on the shelves. The juice itself was a little disappointing, me and a friend ended up trying 20 flavors and I really only liked 5--with Black Mamba being the best.This was really convenient and it was a really nice customer service experience, but you can buy cheaper stuff elsewhere!
5	My husband is the one who uses this place but at times I stop by and pick something up for him. This location has a lot of choices and even give you the opportunity to call ahead and they will have it ready for you. There were 4-5 staff working and a storefront of ppl. They handled each customer with time and respect! We waited for a few minutes but then were in and out. Prices are reasonable as well!
5	The ABSOLUTE best place in town to shop for your vaping needs. The customer service is excellent. My guy was Rizzo and he knows customer service. No BS, no up-selling, just honestly trying to help people. More than willing to take all the time you need to answer questions, explain the different parts and pieces of the various types of vaping apparatus. And they make their own juice from components made in the good old US of A. Skip the corner smoke shop. Avoid the other wannabe vapor emporiums. Save yourself a bunch of money and aggravation and find the nearest Pink Spot because these people not only want to help, they WILL help ! !
5	Great vape shop. Perfect store for beginners or pros. Definitely coming back for my future vape needs
4	I have to say I have been loyal to Pink Spot because of their product and customer service.  I love going there ( even though they are ALWAYS busy!!)I like the people that work there, they show they are interested in satisfying your request above anything else.  I have recently had some help by a couple employees that were just the opposite of my compliments above.  I notified Pink Spot on Facebook and the issue was resolved in a day!!  The dis-interested employee that helped me got my order wrong and I felt she would have rather been anywhere else but there.  Not only did they send me the corrected juice but they added an additional bottle of juice for my troubles.I believe customer service is EVERYTHING when it comes to a company and this one does it WELL!  I continue to support this company with my word of mouth and spending my hard earned money in their establishment. I
5	Woo-HOO, another RARE 5-star review from me, I LOVE when I feel justified in giving 5 stars. Pink Spot Vapors deserves this and more.I had finally decided that smoking cigarettes needs to be a part of my past history, so I found Pink Spot Vapors through Yelp, and decided to give this, albeit not totally ideal, but really, really much better option than actually smoking tobacco, a try.There was a small line that moved relatively quickly until it was my turn...I was fortunate enough to be helped by the actual store manager, Tyler. To say he made sure I had complete understanding of what I was getting into is textbook definition of 'understatement'. I was there for 2 hours...2 HOURS, with Tyler helping me all along the way. He had me try so many different 'flavors' it was unbelievable. He took time and was extremely patient with me when selecting the juice I thought I'd like, to the hardware necessary to use.I am totally new to the world of vaping, so I admit I approached the shop with a little trepidation and pretty much no real knowledge. Tyler really had the patience of not just one saint but a slew of them, answering ANY and EVERY question I had (sometimes even twice!), as well as making absolutely sure I fully understood. Sure, maybe as the store manager he's supposed to be this way, but everything Tyler did was, in my opinion, well above and beyond. I also know that as store manager, he isn't even really out front that much, but boy, I just happen hit the jackpot! I could go on and on about the customer service but it would be complete repetition of how absolutely pleased and impressed I am about this establishment.Choices of everything from juices to flavors to hardware options are extensive, and very reasonably priced.If you decided at some point to give up tobacco, go to Pink Spot. Just go. It is a great place and as such is pretty busy, but it is definitely worth the wait! Go, you will NOT be sorry.
3	i just don't get the pull that this place has on people. i have tried to like it, its prob okay if all you use is cartos or tanks but as soon as you drip their juice its just terrible. they advertise their juice as 60% vg but its too damn thin it has to be cut with something. they don't off much as far as devices after you have moved past your basic vv/vw mods. if a vamo and a pro tank is where you are at in vaping you will most likely love this place.
1	A few rude staff members have made me not want to go back. I started going to pink spot since grand opening.
5	Best vape shop in this greater part of town.  They know what they are doing, and the management has a strict no-clone policy--assuring you that you are getting 100% genuine products.Their juices are great, and you can customize them however you want, as they make them for you while you wait.Every person here is absolutely brilliant at what they do, and they know basically everything about vaping... whether it be with a small vape pen, like an eGO C-Twist or a mechanical mod.They are the most welcoming, nice people you could ask for at a vape shop.Prices here are right on par with what you would expect, and nothing is overpriced... (there are some expensive things, but they are expensive everywhere, including the internet (unless you buy a cheaper clone [read: fake] of the same item).If you are looking for somewhere to go in the Centennial area, go here... not Relax, Just Vaping.
5	Been to a few shops around the valley and I always end up returning to Pink Spot, picked up my first E-Cig about 2 years ago and now I've been smoke free for nearly a year and a half. Bummed up my game and picked up a mechanical mod from this PS location and used it for a good minute. Service is always great, and the liquids sold are pretty high end flavor for a decent price!
5	Best Vapor lounge Iv been in... Too bad there's not a pink spot vapor lounge in California. So worth coming . The customer service to the signing in and sampling flavors. This place is so awsome and I love the pink flint stone chair . My fav is the blue one. Hubba  bubba grape is my second flavor. So much cleaner taste. Highly recommend taking the time to stop while in Vegas.
5	I love the flavors here! I moved back to California a year ago and I am ordering online from pink spot because they have the best selection and their quality is the best!! I love the samples they send me with every order. Wonderful customer service!!
5	Honestly, I believe PSV has some of the best juices in town. It's just a matter of finding what flavor is right for you. Now to those who complain about customer service, I haven't had an issue yet. Vinnie and Brandon are awesome. But, then again, I'm not one to expect to get my rear end kissed all the time. I am definitely a PSV loyal customers now.
3	So I'm giving this vapor shop a 3 star instead of a 4 or 5 because they are FINALLY stepping their game up. This was the first vapor shop I went to when I started because it is close to my house. But the people that work there are pretty weird. Especially the two short girls that just blankly stare at you while you are browsing around instead of actually helping you out. The reason this review is not a 1 star is because they are actually getting more into rebuildables and mechanical mods. Which is what I'm into. The guy with the beard (don't know his name) has really stepped it up as well with the builds he does. When he first started the coils he wrapped looked like a warped slinky. But overall this place is getting better and I hope to write another review in the future and give it at least 4 stars.
4	The first time I went in there was someone working that was no help at all. Or they would get five stars. He didnt explian anything to me and was very short. This last time was great the guy was very helpfull and guided me threw what I was buying.
4	Great customer service everytime except for one employee who doesn't know the meaning of good customer service but I won't mention any names. Good juice selection as well as good selection on hardware. Carbon is the most friendliest person you will meet.
5	I've been to many vape shops in my day and most feel like someone just took out a  25k loan to open a trendy "business". Pink Spot on the other hand is dead serious about their business and it shows in every detail. The shops are inviting, the staff knowledgeable and approachable, and the e-juice is off the charts. Their e-juice is made on location and I've had the pleasure of peaking into their "lab" where it's made. It looks like a kitchen in a 4 star restaurant. Everything is stainless steel and I'm told they keep it up to restaurant health code standards. I used to work for a company that was owned by Dekang and I have tested literally hundreds and hundreds of e-juices in tons of mixture ratios. I've tasted the very best and very worst out there; Pink Spot is my go to and now what I compare all other e-juices to.
5	Really wanted some new flavors to vape. Great big smiles here & a warm greeting. Ben & Christine were really cool. We loved the fact they made all their own juices. This location is also nicer in my opinion then the one down by us, despite it's small size. Didn't expect to be that nice. We're rarely up this way unless we're headed to Aliante.I normally love fruity flavors.  But now that's change, I'm vaping French Vanilla / Blueberry. I'm sure I'll be bored eventually but I'm going to try mixing flavors more often perhaps. Spend $100 in CASH get a 12 ml bottle free. Sign up for their rewards card & rack up points. They have an emailing list as well for the latest sales.
3	Though I no longer live in Vegas, I'm from there & travel there often for work. This place is conveniently located near the area of town where I spend most of my time when in town.Additionally, this is the place I started my vaping journey a year and a half ago. The venue itself is absolutely lovely. The ambiance of the lounge area is comfy, chic and trendy. The staff is nice and helpful. The store also has a TON of their signature Pink Spot flavor options and allows you to try some of them. So, why only the 3 star rating? The answer--I've upped my vaping game. I've gotten into mods and found a different line of liquids that I absolutely LOVE more than anything Pink Spot sells. I also have found that their mod selection is limited and overpriced. Out in the rapidly growing vaping world, there are better quality vaping mods & materials that aren't as expensive but that are also of better quality as the ones found at Pink Spot. Additionally, the quality of their juices has become mediocre, at best, given the fact that I have found another line of juices that, in my experience and to my taste buds, is far superior to those at PSV.I, admittedly, do still purchase a couple of their flavors. My Pink Spot flavor favorite is Black Mamba on the rocks. ("on the rocks" means with a hint of menthol). I also like their Frozen Lime Drop. Both are great flavors. But, I use them more of an occasional treat or as a mixer for other juice flavors.While I think this is a great place for beginners, I feel that experienced/serious vapers will outgrow this place. The liquids will become too sweet and syrupy, as they have for my taste. They are too heavy, which makes them less than optimal for every day, consistent vaping. (This also makes it less than pleasant to vape because the liquids tend to get clogged up in coils & other crevices of modified devices.) So, while I think it's a nice store for beginners to chill & vape. You serious vapers wouldn't be satisfied with the products.
