4	I don't know if they get much business here because the mall it's in seems kind of quiet. But... what a great find! It's a place I'd imagine in Santa Monica or West Hollywood only not as crowded and not pretentious.The tofu salad was very tasty. I generally don't like Japanese salad dressings but the one on this was quite good. On the other hand, I had a seared tuna salad that was a little too heavy on the dressing and I couldn't taste the fish.I'm a purist when it comes to fish. Give me sashimi!However, it's fun for me to look at a menu and see that mango is being used in rolls. I tried the salmon skin roll the last time I was there and can honestly say I'd recommend it.There's something on the menu called, "monkey brains" but I noticed it on the way out.
5	SushiWa is a very trendy looking restaurant, which will throw you off on entrance, because from the outside it looks like a mom'n'pop operation. However once you roll in its definately upperclass.the interior is very spacious, with private booth seats, regualar tables and an expansive bar area which we graciously occupied.You can get the regular-whatever's-trendy in west LA fancy rolls here, but we befriended the Head chef (by ordering daiginjo sake and pouring a round to all the chefs;-) ) and asked for Chefs choice (Omakase style) but on the traditional side... and it was just crazy good!I think the constant Kanbai's with the chefs helped, cuz we got all the usual, but high grade toro, ikura, uni etc, but he also showed us a flying fish, live and whole, then fillet it before our eyes, and we had flying-fish sashimi, garnished with flying fish wings. Ditto with the Uni Rice where the rice was mixed with seasoning and Uni and served inside the Uni shell. I don't recall all that we ate here, i lot of stuff was new to me, but thats part of the fun in going to a new restaurant!oh they had Orion beer here too, which is a plus.The head chef also showed us a picture he took with the Princess of Belgium? who is apparently a regular there, but what i couldnt understand was, what the heck is the Princess of Belgium doing living in Vegas...
4	The place is a bit hidden.  Not really in a popular plaza.  However, the decor inside is nice.  They do have happy hour specials in the afternoon, and I think they just started doing two for one drinks at night specials.  They also have a DJ playing now on certain days.  I guess they're trying any gimick to get people to come, but what might work more is spending money on advertising than on a DJ.  The sushi does taste fresh though, and service is great.  This isn't really cheap food, but what type of sushi is unless it's prepackaged in some grocery market which isn't something I like.
4	If you don't live in the area (Henderson) or nearby you'd never know this place is there. It's hidden in a strip mall, which, I know is such a shock for Vegas (not!), next to the social security office. My husband and I discovered it one day after they first opened and went back several times. The fish is very fresh and the rolls are very very tasty. If you sit at the counter the chef will prepare a special dish for you; we had something called Screaming Orgasm, and well, it speaks for itself. If you live in the area or have a local who can point the way for you, definitely give it a try.
5	This is one of the best places to get beautiful and delicious sushi in Las Vegas.  It's located across from Trader Joe's on Eastern and Coronado Center.  Maybe the location is the reason why it's always deserted, but that's no reason to miss out on fantastic nosh that tastes as great as it looks.Joon, the owner, is a fantastic and the service is excellent.  They're attentive without being intrusive, which is always a treat to find in a restaurant where you aren't paying over $60 a plate.Joon also treated my boyfriend and I to real wasabi--not the green kind, but the kind made from real wasabi root--because we had mentioned that we had never tried real wasabi before.The fish is fresh, and the rolls are creative.  I would recommend the monkey brains and the tuna tartare for appetizers.  You will also be offered miso soup with your dinner, but there isn't anything standout with the miso soup.  It's good to cleanse the palette before your meal.  For their rolls, try it all out.  I like the tiger roll, superman roll, Joon's special.  I don't have them memorized, but I've never been disappointed with an order.Overall, the food is wonderful, the people there are friendly and unpretentious and the decor echos their menu: modern, chic and tasteful.
4	Lunch special is awesome. 1/2 price on many of the sushi items during lunch.My recommendations are the ultimate salmon lover's roll, pocky roll, spider roll, and the 911 roll. The 911 came with this really good spicy sauce. It didn't taste like ponzu but it was just as spicy.The service was friendly and good. They brought every roll that we asked for and filled our drinks whenever they were low.The ambiance and decor was really nice.I think you can purchase your own chopsticks and they keep it there for you.
4	THE BEST SUSHI SPECIAL ON THIS SIDE OF TOWN!!! sushi WA has half off sushi rolls Mon to sat 11-3 and its awesome. they don't jack up the price and tell you its half off, it really is like 3 bucks a roll. the place is very nice great decor great sake selection, great sushi, its traditional yet creative with out going overboard, like some places serving lasagna rolls YUK!!! try it its great especially for a sat lunch or business meetings
5	Amazing.  This place has the freshest sushi I have ever tasted.  I used to think I knew fresh fish, but clearly I was wrong.  Once I ate the yellowtail nigiri here, it was so flavorful and delicious that I thought he must have killed the fish himself just a few seconds earlier.  (I found out later that this was, in fact, the case.)  Same went for the baby tuna, and the salmon, and it was simply amazing.  I'd definitely try the Monkey Brain, it was amazingly good, with a shiitake mushroom, cream cheese, and spicy tuna on top, covered in tempura and fried.  Very good.  They have an interesting selection of other fish, as well, and the rolls are pretty good, too.  Keep in mind, from 11:30 to 3, Mon-Sat, they have happy hour, which many of the sushi items are half off, and this is what I recommend to just sit and sample the fresh nigiri.  If you come at dinner, get the rolls.  All of them are gigantic, and more than worth the full price.  The place itself is very well decorated, with stone and contemporary stylings, although the music in there can be hit or miss.  I've been there about 3 times now, and one time it was bouncy loud hip-hop crap with repetitive rhythms and vocalists who talk the whole time instead of singing.  The second time it was techno remixes of pop songs, and that was more bearable.  The third time was nice, with more Japanese style singing and a little bit of a trance feel, and a little bit of a big-band feel.  Very good place over all...  Freshest fish I've ever had.
5	I just finished my shrimp tempura roll and California roll, and I had to write a review for this place, because it is excellent. I'm new in town, and don't think I'll bother trying to find another sushi place in Henderson. I didn't dine in, just got carry-out, but the girl that took my order was extremely friendly, was happy to accommodate my requests, and even offered me a beverage while I waited. I'll be back to Sushiwa soon!
1	I may get a little insulting with this one, so all you five star raters, clench your butt cheeks.This place made me hate everything that sushi has become. A posh dining room with third rate service and food. For the first time in my life I sent a sushi roll back. They actually dared to serve a mango salmon roll with still green mango that was so unripe, i lacked the drape over the sushi roll.There is so much wrong with this place that it made me question my taste for raw fish. In Vegas where good food is always a stones throw away, I recommending directing those stones towards this restaurant.
2	I 100% agree with Alex N. It wasn't that the fish was bad it was more like the whole thing felt like the McDonald's of a "chic sushi restaurant".
3	This place was okay. I came here with my friend and we sat at the bar. We ordered a couple rolls and I asked for no avocado on mine. An order comes and I start eating it but it tastes nothing like what I ordered. So I let my friend have some. Then two orders came. One was the one I ordered and the other was what she ordered. Mine was loaded with avocado and hers had completely none! The taste was pretty good, nothing too special. But service sucked..
4	Accidentally found this place when I was going to get a haircut next door.  Thought it was going to be a hole in the wall but when I walked in at 11:30 am I was taken back!  Beautiful interior and really authentic Japanese, but modern like I like it!  Very Spotless inside!  The place quickly filled up for lunch!  I started off with miso soup and a house salad!  Soup was good salad was not! Old lettuce for sure!Then I had tuna sashimi and it was excellent!  Good Value for the amount! Usually doesn't work that way!  Proceeded onto a Veggie tempura and Salmon roll both excellent!  The  service was perfect and I liked the fact that there were real "Japanese" sushi chefs and employees, kept it authentic this way!  Whenever I come back to Vegas I will make the trip off the strip to come back!  It's only a few miles east on the 215 off Pecos Blvd.  I
4	Had a lovely lunch with my friend. The Scallop roll is to die for! sushiwa is one of my favorite places to lunch in Newer henderson....it is so relaxing and the staff is friendly. The Sushi chefs are absolutely adorable!
4	My first visit to Sushi Wa was yesterday and the first thing I noticed when I walked in was the raw fish smell. I figured that could be normal for a sushi place?We ordered the salmon scallop roll, philadelphia roll, and monkey brain (which was my favorite, mushroom, cream cheese and salmon). I was suprised that although it was Weds there was no one else in the place. The decor is nice but they don't serve vodka, just wine and beer. Would definitely return for more monkey brain!!
5	My favorite locals sushi place in the city!  Joon is the best!   Am a little of a sushi purist, so I don't go in much for the rolls, but whether you're into rolls, sashimi or nigiri, the fish is always super fresh!And, if you are a little adventurous, check the specials board--  fresh orange clam, sea urchin and kobe beef sashimi make frequent appearances...  and don't forget to ask for fresh wasabi.  It is a must have.
4	I don't know how this place stays in business but I'm glad it does.  It is very easy to find, and get in and out of quickly.It is rarely busy so it's easy to find a seat at the sushi bar or at a table/booth.Good for groups because it is not often busy and you can easily have tables put togther and sit down right away.There isn't much I don't like about this place.  Service and Fish are really good.  In fact, if you are adventurous, try some of the specials.  We tried the mackerel sashimi, and it was really good... and then they deep fried the skeleton which wasn't to my liking but I'm sure others like it.We tried the Sushi Bombs and those were not that great.  In fact, I'm staying away from them in the future.  We asked for them to be mild in seasoning, and they came out so hot even our beer didn't quench the fire in our mouth.
2	I've gone to Sushi Wa several times now, since it's literally within the same business complex as my work. The big perk for me was the "1/2 Off Lunch" special, which had sushi (6-8 pieces) for anywhere from 2.50 to 5 bucks.They no longer offer this, and the 'new' lunch specials are meh. I dont go to sushi places for california rolls. $9 for a few pieces of veggie tempura, chicken/beef teriyaki, and 4 cal rolls with a small salad.The food itself is good, and service is nice.. But I usually planned to gorge myself on decent sushi for $10, not a cheapie bento.Of note, they do have an 'all you can eat' for $21.
4	Oishii desu yo!Man, I wish I had tried this place long ago.  Why have I avoided Sushi Wa in the past?  Mostly because their menu used to be pretty pricey and it looked too upscale to take my two rambunctious rug rats to.  Unfortunately, that relegated me to eating at too many sushi bars that wouldn't know a fresh fish even if it was thrashing on a cutting board.  But along came my chance when some clients thought it'd be a good idea to try this joint.  Upon arriving, there were comments about how nice the place looked.  In fact, the place looked like it didn't quite belong in a strip mall tucked next to U-Swirl (no offense to U).  Sitting down, everyone chose to do AYCE, which meant I had to suppress the desire to order everything on the menu (and to order 10 scoops of ice cream).  Yes.  I am a pig.  When it was time to order, I probably should not have been the one to do so.  Here's the rundown of what I can remember:Oyster Shooters - suckas was HUGE!  Best to shoot the sake and quail egg, then pick out the oyster.Raw Oysters (3 per order) - too big for me, but good flavor.Soft Shell Crab - I love it that you don't have to have it with rice.Nigiri sushi was impressive for the way the fish drapes over the rice and the quality of the hamachi in particular was notable.Mexican Roll - This was so not my cup of tea.  It's like they took the leftover spicy tuna and mixed it with a bunch of crap.  Deserts were AYCE, which, if left unattended, I would have shut this place down.  Lucky for them I was with clients and didn't get crazy.  I actually ordered one of each of the 6 or 7 flavors of mochi ice cream, but I changed my order to two scoops of green tea ice cream and the banana tempura.For better or worse I didn't order sake...this was supposed to be business meeting, after all.  But I did check out their alcohol list to see what I was missing and they actually have some really good sake on there.  Try the Wakatake or Kurosawa black - good stuff you don't find in most local sushi restos.  Why have I avoided Sushi Wa in the past?  I don't know!  They have it all, ambiance, fresh fish, good sake and all the desert your tummy can handle.  Check this joint out at www.bomb.com.
5	Man, this place was so much fun to eat at.  As we all know, I tend to dine solo.  If I'm hungry, I'm gonna go eat.  I can make friends where ever I'm at.Cue scene: Saturday night 10pm.  I'm starved... After my disastrous breakfast, I realized I hadn't eaten since then. So I check out my trust Yelp for something close yet tasty.  Enter SushiWa and their AYCE.  I think what hurts this place is you have to know what you're looking for or else you will pass it.  I don't like the fact that I can't enter this center off of Eastern if I'm heading south from St. Rose.  If you turn on Coronado Center, it's the first driveway.  I stroll in, and the place is practically empty.  Bad for them, but that means I get my own sushi chef. Yay! As other people have mentioned, the fish is fresh... Very fresh.  Also, they are known for their rolls.  The rolls are very Americanized, which is something that I have a love/hate with.  Some of the rolls had a bit too much sauce for me (I like to taste my fish).  Don't get me wrong, they have sashimi and a limited traditional sushi menu, but it's pretty American.  I can understand the why behind it.  The cool thing is that when I just started asking for things not on the menu they could make it, which sparked an interesting "where are you from" conversation.  THE CHEF EVEN STARTED TO LEARN MY PALATE AND CATERED THE SUSHI TOWARDS ME!  That's service.  That's five stars!Now, there is a bit of a language barrier with some of the chefs as English is definitely not their first language.  One of them even apologized to me at one point, I told them don't worry about it because it's not like I can speak his language anyway.  Also, I found the Korean influence on the menu interesting.  I'm certainly gonna go back and try the bulgogi.  I also loved that I could keep getting oranges for dessert-- orange that looked like a pumpkin, orange that looked like a cat.  Oh and they have Orion and another beer that is slipping my mind right now.  Whatever it was, it was $9, and boy was it tasty!The best part was the staff themselves.  Did the waiter forget to refill my tea once?  Yes, but when he saw me pick up my glass and rushed to me apologizing profusely for his mistake.  It actually made me feel badly that he felt so badly about it.  The chefs were so much fun to hang out with.  I was laughing so hard at one point that I started crying.  Joon, Ken, and "buy one get one free" totally made my night.  I didn't feel like I was out to eat by myself, but like I was at a friend's house that could really cook.
4	Mmmm. yum. even for the veggi... The all you can eat menu for lunch is a GREAT deal. I recommend going at odd hours, like after 1:30p for lunch and after 7:30pm for dinner. If you go during peak hours the quality of the preparation is a little limited, but not enough to lose some stars. Love the Vegetarian (requested) bikini roll!!!
4	Went for AYCE lunch ($21.99) and had a nice experience. Quality friendly sushi chefs that seemed to care if I enjoyed my food. Great deal for the money and quality of food.Pro-tip: Order some fresh wasabi (extra $2) and you will never want to go back to that pasty green crap ever again!
4	Had dinner here tonight.  I think they were "off their A-game" in the service department.  I'm not going to go into detail because I'm not going to hold it against them... but my tea was cold, they forgot to provide: the individual small plates, the soy sauce dish and the wasabi/ginger side.  But all was remedied quickly once we pointed it out.  They are OH-SO-NICE.  So.... definitely not going to hold the minor infractions against them since the sushi and rolls were Killer Grinds.Enjoyed the AYCE... started with the edamame and seaweed salad.  Both were great starters... fresh and fast.Then started in on the fish... salmon, yellow tail, white tuna.  All very good and fresh....and big pieces of fish too which just a little bit of rice.... so they are more than fair with their portions.Ordered the albacore with jalapeno... it came wrapped in red onion which I'm not a fan of onion so I picked the onion out and ate it.  Was Great without the onion.  :)Then we ordered the Scallop Crunch, Mountain and 007 rolls.  They were all different and all good... I can't say which I liked better.  The Scallop Crunch had a nice crunch to it while the scallops were tender, the Mountain was a baked roll that was served with a spicy sauce that was awesome... just a nice little kick nothing shocking... and the 007 roll was so simple it was refreshing.We ended with Tempura Ice Cream... it was 'ok'.  Nothing to expound upon... should have gotten the Mochi instead... next time.
5	I've eaten a lot of sushi/sashimi in my life time and I have never really been to a place where EVERYTHING tasted amazing.Sushi Wa has met all my expectations..! FINALLY! Not only was everything fresh and delicious, IT WAS ALL YOU CAN FREAKIN' EAT. YES. I believe it was about $26 for dinner...my party and I probably ate over $700 worth of fish...like to the point where I started feeling BAD that I practically ate the whole entire ocean...but in a cruel sort of good way...my bad Ariel XDFood aside, the restaurant itself is very, very nice. It's dark but sophisticated and feels very fancy. Their presentation is impeccable as well. They make sure every slice of sashimi is placed perfectly and that every plate is fresh and clean. The waiters are exceptionally kind and so are the sushimen. They carved up A LOT of fish for us that night. KUDOS! All in all, if you're near Henderson or Vegas and looking for some legit sushi/sashimi, hit this place up. No regrets. I promise! :]
2	This place is over-priced and over-rated.  You are paying for the ambience.  Service was excellent.  i had the sashimi combo and spicy tuna roll.  Two things that are easily comparable between restaurants.  Tuna was overly dyed dark red and the yellow tail was the toughest I've ever eaten.  However, the spicy tuna roll was a generous serving.  On top of the disappointment of my dining, I started experiencing food poisoning symptoms a few hours later. Sushiwa put a damper on my plans the whole next day.  Too bad Vegas has no exceptions on their ticket refund policy.
4	The BFs coworker is a bit of a foodie and declared this to be his favorite over the other AYCEs, even better than our favorite haunt. We were in the area and decided to go for dinner at $26.95 pp.-NIGIRI-*Albacore- even though it just says plain, it kinda comes slightly like "cajun albacore" that other sushi spots do. It has a bit of pepper, thin slice of jalapeno and ponzu. It was pretty tasty and fresh so we ordered quite a bit. *Super White Tuna- was pretty fresh*Yellowtail- decent, but not as fresh as other ayces I've had.Spicy Octopus- this is a mix of thin sliced sweet vinegared tako, jalapeno, masago...must for the fans of tako no sunomono.(Seared Pepper baby tuna- this was peppered tuna that was freshly torched. I like this kind of stuff, but the BF thought the sear makes it a bit chewy.*Mackerel- This was totally the star and what impressed me the most. Every have mackerel where it is just kinda dry, fishy, and very salty? Not here. It was fresh cut off a fish and not bought salt packed/salt cured. I almost never order this since it rarely gives me satisfaction...I got several orders. I have not been this pleased with mackerel aside from sashimi I had at Ichiza. The chef puts ponzu on it which makes sense to me since at home I squeeze lemon on mine and soy and helps a lot of people with the strong flavors, but if you want it pure make sure to opt for dry. It was amazing alone with some fresh wasabi. * Sashimi Yellowtail...odd, but these pieces tasted better than the nigiri. * Sashimi Albacore w/ Jalapeno- it was rolled with thin sliced red onion as well which gave a nice bite to it. -ROLLS-*Salmon Skin handroll- it's a comfort staple I end every AYCE meal with. Love. *Albacore Crunch- this was spicy tuna roll with albacore topped with sweet onion fried onion strings with a spicy garlic ponzu. The fried onions wasn't what I was expecting when the BF said it has "crunchies" and made for nice texture and a bit of a sweet flavor element. We're not big on rolls, but some perked out interest. However we were too full for more. -APPETIZERS-*Monkey Brain- mushroom with tuna and creamcheese fried and served with a spicy cream sauce. This was really good, with a lot going on that went well together, but I can still taste the separate elements. *Softshell crab- I love these things. Poor crabs. I must have had 10 of them. *Hamachi Kama- it was fresh fish. I think Island Sushi down the street takes the prize though since they cook theirs much longer which makes for crispy skin. There were parts of this skin that was just fatty and rubbery still so I left it alone. *Butter Saute Scallop- it comes on a hot plate in butter and herbs. They weren't rubbery or overcooked. This is a very plain app, but good to me. Sometimes I just want scallops simple. I put a tiny bit of soy into the mix and it was some good little bites.*Kalbi Ribs- these were cooked on a hot plate. They were pretty soft and had decent flavors*Firecracker- wonton crackers with tuna, avocado with spicy sauce and a sweet kinda honey sesame sauce. I liked these, they did get pretty spicy- fire cracker indeed!We ended with green tea tempura ice cream and mango mochi. I don't get why they put chocolate sauce on my mango mochi...its best to leave a good thing alone so maybe tell them to lay off the sauce. Also was limit one contrary to a earlier review by Patrick D. stating no limit.-SERVICE-Our sushi chef was nice, the owner (also working at the sushi bar, on the other side) came to check on us and even the sushi chef working aside the one in front of us also checked on us. Food came out in a good amount of time even though they were busy. The servers cleared plates fast! I mean sometimes I would be trying to move a plate out of the way and there's someones hand grabbing at it nearly missing a few degrees of me being doused in sauce. However, I'd turn around to ask for some appetizers and they're gone off. Someone snuck in hands to refill drinks fast as well. They didn't really check on us to see if we needed stuff from the kitchen so we flagged down if we wanted stuff. Then when we were ready for dessert, we were ignored when we asked and our sushi chef was too who shouted and pointed to us saying "Dessert". And it wasn't because they were busy, in fact, 4 of them were standing by us or milling about picking up an order. We were held hostage for a bit til I was able to catch someones attention. It was just very odd front of the house service. Also, the ladies weren't very personable, one even seemed a bit cranky at how "big" our orders are which was polarities different from the cheerful sushi men. I wouldn't put several orders if I didn't think it was so hard to put in a order.Overall- I think this is a good place with the nicest ambiance and pretty plating. I get why the BFs coworker recommended it. However, my favorite place still remains because of the awesome service on both sides of the bar.
4	About a year ago, the boyfriend and I went in to SushiWa and immediately walked out when we saw not one single customer inside. A year later, it seems like SushiWa is what everyone talks about if you live in the 89052 area code.  We finally gave it a try yesterday, and I was reasonably pleased. The decor inside is very modern and roomy.  Not like your typical AYCE joints in town - where you can reach over to the table next to you with your chopsticks to try out their dishes.  Their menus cover your basics but with a little more.  This AYCE actually gives you sashimi (one order per person).  That was pleasantly surprising.  We then ordered our usual sushi and rolls.  The fish is VERY fresh.  The boyfriend claims that the super white tuna there is by far the best he has had, even better than the ones in California.  I must say that the freshness of the fish is comparable to the freshness of the ones in Hong Kong, so that's saying a lot.  The sushi was made of little rice and a big chuck of fish - just the way I like them.  The rolls were somewhat difference because they were cut very thinly.  Must try the super spider roll made with soft shell crab and shrimp tempura - yummy! Their fresh oysters are also very delicious, but also one order per person - boo. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at SushiWa and will definitely return since it is so close to my house.  Another nice thing about it is that there is no wait.  AYCE sushi joints usually have at least a 30 minute wait, and it is just plain ol' obnoxious.  Aside from the thin rolls, this place lost a star because of its strict rules about how many order per person.  By the time we had our third rounds of orders, I was getting so frustrated about what we had already order or what we can't order.  But it is what it is!Oh, our server, Monica, was a sweetheart.  However, you guys must be mindful that this restaurant is owned and run by Koreans, so it is not your typical/ordinary Japanese place.  Lastly, this place plays awesome music!  Fresh fish, great service, awesome music!  You should be sold by now.  Enjoy!
4	Came here for a Meetup event with the I Love Sushi group.  We had a fairly large party, and we ended up placing a huge order right from the start as every one was marking down what they want on the order sheet without much group coordination. We were warned about not ordering too much, but as a group we failed to heed the manager's warning.  So a lot of food was prepared and served almost on top of each other.Anyway, at the end of the meal Chef Joon (owner) came to speak to us, and said that they do their best to make the best food they can for the customers, but when they get a huge order they will rush it and may not be able to put as much attention as they normally would like, so it is better to order slowly for the best food.  Plus they do not skim for their AYCE customers, and the rolls were larger than we were accustomed to at AYCE sushi restaurants.The restaurant itself was beautiful.  You can tell someone invested a lot of time and other resources into the design and the final look of the restaurant.  It is very modern and artistic look to it, which pairs well with the beautiful food served.  The lighting is fairly bright, so you can enjoy the food visually before savoring it with your other senses. Plus it almost feels like you are eating in a modern art museum, or a restaurant within one, since it is roomy!!! and you are not crammed in there like 7 Vienna Sausages in a can. We ordered a wide range of items from their AYCE menu, which is practically their entire menu (with some exclusions).  Below are the highlights and my personal recommendations:APPETIZERS: Monkey Brain (basically spicy tuna and cream cheese stuffed in mushroom and tempura fried) - small enough to eat solo or share with up to 4 ppl.Soft Shell Crab - Tempura fried and delicious. Served san rice makes it even better (more room in the tummy for other awesome food, plus it is low carbs!)SALADS:Tuna Poki Salad - good portions.ROLLS:Crunch Albacore - looks good, and tastes great.Mango Salmon Roll - sweetness from the mango just pairs well with the salmon.Energy Roll - one of the deep fried rolls, great flavor, especially if you like unagi (eel).Tiger Roll - They make a good version of this popular roll.NIGIRI:Uni, Super White Tuna, Ama Ebi were all good and they do not skimp on these just because you ordered AYCE, so you get a nice proportion of fish to rice. And most importantly the fish were fresh!Pepper Seared Baby Tuna - big fan of this!HONORABLE MENTION:Superman Burrito (Shrimp Tempura, Soft shell Crab, Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail with special spicy Garlic sauce) - it is a ginormous roll, be sure to bring a lot of hungry friends, or you will not get to try too many other items on the menu.Sushi Wa offers lunch specials and 1/2 price sushi menu offers from 11:30am-3pm and dinner specials from 6-9pm, which you can check out on their website. http://www.sushiwavegas.com/menus.htmlIf you live near here, be sure to get their frequent visitor/loyalty card.  In hindsight I should have picked up one of these, as I am going back to Sushi Wa next week.The staff here are nice, and checks up on their guests frequently.  Our drinks were frequently refilled.  And as I have mentioned earlier, Chef Joon (the owner) even came and spoke to us at the end of our meal.  The restaurant is located in the SE part of Las Vegas (Henderson), where there are also a lot of other really good AYCE Sushi restaurants nearby and unfortunately for me a little far (by Vegas standards), but I think it is worth the drive or if you happen to be in the area.Decor: 5/5 I love the look of the restaurant.Ambiance: 4.5/5  Very niceFood: 4/5  I found some favorites already, while others I am glad that I have tried and will likely pass up in order to try other items.Service: 4/5  Good.Location: Worth checking out if you have your own transportation for out of town visitors.  Otherwise cab fare will be more than the price of the meal.Solid 4 stars.  Plus it is still a hidden gem (even though they have been open for a few years already), as you don't have to wait a long time for seats compared to some other well-known AYCE sushi restaurant in the area.
1	"Wa-Wa" (sound of failure).  Sushi wa-da-fa!?!  I got held hostage by a sushi bar!!! and not in a good way!I came here with good intentions - going to Terri K's first UYE, sitting in the "bamboo jail" table with 12 other awesome yelpers and yelper friends, eating raw fish galore.  However, it did not turn out that way.  We came early (6 PM reservation) but could not leave until after 9:30 PM.  The only reason this gets one star from the restaurant side of things is that our bus boy was awesome.  He was polite, refilled drinks super fast, and cleared empty plates like Flash.The service was deplorable.  We really only had one waiter, and he only liked one half of the table.  That half happened to include a lot of people that speak his language, so he spent all of his time taking their large orders and giving them food.  These are all my yelp friends, and I am glad I got to be with them, but the server only waited on them essentially.  When it came to our table, he never gave us what we ordered - 30 minutes passed and we had never received items, whereas our companions on the other side got several orders in and food was coming out in group portions.  The waiter argued with me after I asked 3 times for my mackerel sushi, one of the 3 things I ordered...after waiting 30+ minutes - he finally said he already brought it to the table (but it was someone else's order) and said I never ordered it.  After I asked for it 3 more times, couldn't he just put in another order?!  When I asked him a question about an item, he answered and ran off before I could order food.  I never got to order more than once, and most people on my side of the table had to re-order food or wait forever to order.  If only we spoke Korean!The payment was a disaster too.  We asked for separate checks (for parties of one or 2 - we all did AYCE so it was same price all around) and we asked before we ordered and again before we asked for the check.  We were refused.  Our waiter gave attitude to Bobby Y. when he brought our credit cards and cash that added up exactly to the bill with gratuity.  Another waiter came over and Jieun spoke Korean with him - he said if he rings all of the cards up, he cannot put in any orders for other guests and they are BUSY (well, we were already there 3 hours hello!) so it would take him awhile.  Instead of going to start ringing our cards up though, he stood there and kept repeating the issues with their system - so I told him to go do it already!  It was an igloo in there - when Eric R. asked for them to turn the a/c up, I think that caused our waiter to hate us.  I had to borrow Nelson Q.'s jacket to survive the hours of hell.  I finally went to our car and put the heat on for 10 minutes.  The only reason I ate enough was that Jane shared some of the food from her side of the table with me, very generously (amaebi, ikura, saba, oysters) - because I never got my full and only order from the 6:15PMish range.The upside -hanging with great people and meeting new people (Jane, Maria).  The envy - Terri K. bolting after convincing jerk waiter to give her a separate bill.  The downside - Wa still has a sticker on its door saying "People love us on yelp."  I call BS on that!
1	SUSHI Waa--heres my order? Sushi wa-s the server ever gonna take an order?Sushi wa-it. Sushi wa-tttt theee FUCK?!Im sitting in "bamboo jail" as I write with all the Yelpers here for a UYE. We started at 6pm, it is now 8:50pm as I start this review and we are sitting waiting on them transacting everyone out.Food is still decent, however service is rude and inefficient from our main server. One half of the table was getting service and the other half where I was sitting was kinda ignored a lot more, waited more to put orders, etc. He'd take their order, leave, come back with something for them and then we would have to try to flag him. We'd wave him, he'd say he'll be back and doesn't come back to us or he would walk passed us like we didn't wave at all. A few people had lost orders and instead of saying something kind like "sorry, let me go check on that and get it out"....it's more of remarks like we never put the order, you got it (no someone else got it) ,etc. One of our Yelpers asked three times to get her first order when the other side already on their 2nd round of orders. I was gonna do 3 stars but now with tge transactions, I'm miffed. First, they wont split the bill and kinda told us we had to just deal with it because they're busy.  We computed what we all owe and wrote in the back which cards to charge what. Now something with POS being the only one for orders and transactions so they don't want to back up orders by transacting all us out so they'll transact when orders aren't coming in. We had a Korean speaking Yelper go talk to him and he was rude about it so she went to talk to the manager who said he will do it in a bit. We had to wait for him and explain everything. It took like 20 minutes of discussing things and explaining how we wrote down what before they went to the back to start. We have no choice but to wait. I'm sorry, but one thing I learned about restaurant hospitality that turnover is important because waiting for a check lowers the impression farther than waiting a bit for good food. People are done and want to just go. We finally got our receipts back and......they charge my credit card for two drinks and two AYCE. We wrote everything down clearly on the back on to receipt. We put the last 4 digits of each card to identify them and what amount to charge to each card. HOW is that NOT clear enough? They charged me for someone else. Okay, so basically then they should give me some cash back then bring back the cash people some change. Well, first time they not only gave me less than what I was owed, but also no change for people with cash. They finally gave it and we left at 9:40pm.50 minutes to transact is pretty crazy long. I know it's easy to say that well, it's a pretty a-typical effed up situation. That maybe with the busy place and a waitstaff that doesn't micromanage it well it went down south fast. However, I do have previous visits where I do specifically state how odd the service was odd, not friend and inefficient so that holds true that the waiter service isn't that good here. Also, it got super busy on my last visit towards the end of my dinner and I also waited 20 minutes to get a mochi and 15 minutes more to get my check back to sign so I was held hostage prior to this. So no, it can happen to you in some degree. Please retrain the staff....and HIRE some good servers. The busboy was polite and did more than just remove plates by checking orders and refilling drinks. PLEASE make him a server and maybe make your rude server a busboy until he learns how to talk to people. I don't deny the AYCE is good, but if you go then don't go at peak hours, don't sit at a table- ONLY with the nice sushi bar guys and do cash if you have a party splitting the check. Look at how thorough I was in taking pictures and reviewing individual items because I wanted people to come with my last review. However after this incident I am not recommending it or coming back. I was frustrated all throughout the meal and exasperated at how I was charged and then shortchanged cashback. I haven't felt this way about a dining experience in a long time so 1 star isn't out of line.There are many AYCE areas in the area including my favorite, Island Sushi whose staff is pure aloha hospitality.Update- Owner sent a apologetic note....I give him kudos for that and would've given a star for his professionalism. Then a week later I get a anonymous note from someone in henderson talking about me giving bad reviews and how dare I "destroy families". Given that I only have 15 1 star reviews out of nearly 500 and havent given a bad review in ages, it made me wonder. Then I found out other people got the same message that dined with me here so it doesn't take two to figure out our crabby server didn't like what we said. SO unprofessional and cowardly! Your server really made sure we don't come back.
3	It pains me to write this review, but not as much as the guilt I feel for subjecting my friends to the disaster that occurred on Friday night. What I thought would be a fun sushi night turned out to be a nightmare. I left before witnessing said nightmare, but from hearing what really happened, my review would be much lower if I had been there. If I had known what I know now about the service, particularly one waiter, I would have picked one of the many other sushi joints in the area. Anyways, the sushi was pretty good. Highlights of the AYCE were the very crunchy calamari w/ two choices of dipping sauce, the Hamachi Kama, and the Seared Tuna Nigiri. Portions are big, especially the rolls. Some of the seafood could have been fresher, like the Uni; but, overall, the sushi was satisfactory. The food alone deserves 3 stars. What doesn't deserve 3 stars is the service. At first, the service was good, our server was nice. At this point, my review was sitting pretty at 3 stars. But as the night progressed, I could tell our server was getting frustrated due to the orders and the amount of people at the restaurant. Large parties are always difficult, I understand that; however, if everyone in the table is ordering AYCE, it shouldn't be difficult to split the bill. Having to leave early, I needed to pay early. After asking our server multiple times if I could pay early, he finally agreed (after saying no initially) and took my card. However when I got the bill, I immediately knew something wasn't right. I was overcharged by $3 or so, but I was in a hurry, so I just paid and left it at that. Service deserves 2 stars. Maybe the server was having an off night, but I made reservations in advance for our large party, so they should've been more prepared. I'm kind of relieved I missed the fiasco that occurred after I left because if I had stayed, I definitely would have lived up to the Sushi Wa name and cried (*Wa wa*).For small parties, Sushi Wa is a-ok, but large parties beware!*EDIT* One of the owners contacted me and apologized for what happened, hence the bump to three stars.
5	So I had to hit up my old fav sushi wa before I headed out of town again and the new all u can eat (tear drop)......is BOMB!!!!! At first glance I thought I might be disappointed because the use to have a half price lunch special, but has been replaced by the all you can eat and if anybody is like me they go in on the sushi when its good. The menu for lunch is pretty much all inclusive except for a few items like the sashimi and other more expensive items but every things a go for dinner. I fell in love with this place for their unagi and albacore, but everything is delicious and the portions unlike many other in Vegas are big. Even though I've tried most sushi places in the city I always come back to Sushi Wa, so give it a try if you're in the neighborhood......and if you're brave try the oyster shooter which is included in the special, the oyster is huge but delicious. Enjoy!!
4	I was at a party with a friend and they said they were hungry, so I pulled up the Yelp app on my Android smart phone and search all restaurants that were still open in the area; it was about 10:50pm on a Tuesday.Sushi Wa came up displaying a 11:30 closing time.We got there at 11:10 and set at the bar, the owner came up and told us they closed at 11:30 and that our choices were limited.  I told them we only wanted Sushi and they said no problem. Roy and Ken were the chefs and did a great job.  I served them a few rounds of Black Raspberry Saki and they were more than happy to stay and talk to us.  Great guys and they really seem to love their job.We ordered their version of a Screaming Orgasm which was very good.  It has a more liquidly dressing but is spicier. There was so much dressing left over that we asked for more Daikon. Ken obliged us with a mountain of the stuff.  We also had the Blue Fin sushi-mi on Roy's recommendation, which was excellent.Sushi Wa is nicely decorated and very elegant. Perfect for a nice romantic date with plenty of booths that seem to be pretty private.I will go back if anything just to see Ken and Roy again.  Great guys.
3	When I moved to Las Vegas, Sushi Wa was the first place I had sushi. That was years ago, before they changed over to an AYCE format. My husband is not a sushi eater and Sushi Wa was always a place we could go together for dinner because they serve teriyaki chicken bento boxes all day. Fast forward a few years... My mother was in town with her boyfriend visiting and wanted to go out for dinner. My husband suggested Sushi Wa. I was a little concerned, I had read about the less-then-amazing experience some Yelpers had at a recent UYE. Since our group was fairly small, we decided to risk it... The hostess allowed us to select where we wanted to sit and brought out both the AYCE and regular menus. We decided pretty quickly that AYCE wasn't going to be worth the money (it is $26.95 per person, and they limit sashimi to one order per person) since we weren't super hungry. The three of us split a Philadelphia roll, a spicy tuna salad, and the sashimi combo (4 pieces each of tuna, salmon and yellowtail). My husband had the bento box and we all split an order of edamame as well as two bottles of nigori sake. The sashimi was sliced nice and thick, and I love that Sushi Wa makes their Philly roll with asparagus, gives it a nice yummy crunch. Total damage with tip was $100. This isn't too bad for dinner and drinks for 4 people, but we really did not have that much food. The decor is very nice and service was decent, we had multiple people check on us throughout the night and never waited long for anything other then the bento box which was understandable.Will I be back? Maybe someday. There are a LOT of other sushi options in the area though...
3	Pretty good sushi for the most part, nothing special to yelp about. Decor is semi modern and there are some intimate looking booths to sit in, but we were not even given that option for some reason. Service is very good and refills of drinks happened very frequently. Good rolls, but like I said nothing that really stands out. I had a order of UNI, but it wasn't really that tasty. It needs to have that fresh ocean taste that only true UNI fan will understand, mine had that unfavorable "mediciney" taste to it. I often order UNI at sushi places and it takes 10 to 15 minutes for it to come to the table for some unknown reason, maybe it's frozen and needs to be thawed out? Well the UNI at Sushi Wa came out right away, but tasted off. The All you can eat price is a few dollars higher than all the rest, but then again it's not a huge negative, but just saying. I REALLY  don't like to hear loud obnoxios hip hop music when I am trying to have a decent dinner. I guess they are catering to the young crowd, but it would be cool to have some traditional Japanese lounge music playing softly in the background? I would actually trade loud conversation from diners than listen to loud music.
4	I finally got a chance to come here! I came with 2 friends and only one of them had ayce sushi with me. The other friend ordered a la carte. Upon entry, our waitresses were nice and friendly. It was a good start. Ambiance is nice and quiet, but dark inside. If you're like me and really love to take pictures of food it'll be hard without flash cause it's very dim in here. We got served by 3 different servers. The waitress taking our order had issues with her pen not working twice and it felt slow. We were told we were not able to order half rolls unless it's for our last orders. Weird. Ice cream is only limited to one kind per person. So if you want both the tempura and mochi ice cream, you can only pick one. :( Sad face here. We ended with a waiter named JooSun (spelling?) and he seemed distant/apathetic but he was also nice. He let my a la carte friend get ice cream anyway. He gave me this bonus card when I asked for the stamp cards.. not sure if they have those stamp cards now. I'll find out soon enough. All in all, it was a pretty good experience. There was this halibut that I tried which I could not for the life of me finish it nor swallow it. :(Next time I'm back would most likely be in June for a birthday celebration. I'll update then. :)
4	Some people eat just to eat as they routinely do to fulfill their three squared meals a day. I, on the other hand, eat because I have a love for food. My facebook photos can attest to that.Knowing that, Sushi Wa is my answer when people ask me what the best AYCE sushi place in Vegas... with a grain of salt. Although Sushi Wa has its high points, it also has some low points, thus not earning its full five stars. Here's a list of likes and dislikes...Like:- Each person gets one order of sashimi as part of their AYCE experience.- Fresh and thick cuts of fish- Best tasting Unagi I've ever eaten. Generously cut and quickly seared to get a crispy edge to contrast the soft texture. (I usually never order Unagi since its rather unhealthy)- A wide selection of side dishes- Small details that make each dish a little extra... For example, in the Udon, there are shiitake mushrooms. You normally wouldnt see that in an order of Udon from the AYCE menu.Dislikes:- No half roll orders unless its your last roll.- Limited selection of dessert... And I hate how they drizzle chocolate on every piece of dessert.- Slow service. Some of the male wait staff seem lost.For me, the list of likes out weigh the list of dislikes. I mostly order Nigiri so the thick slices of fresh fish are more important than desserts. Slow service? Well, that just means more time to talk with my dining date. I've eaten here well over five times and each person I bring has come back to bring other people. Sure, other AYCE eat places might have a thing or two that is done better, but Sushi Wa has the best Nigiri.Photos included!
5	Sushi Wa is incredible.  I am not a huge Sushi fan, but Sushi Wa is delicious.  I am a big fan of their chicken and rice.  The wait staff is extremely friendly and will answer any questions you have.  The atmosphere is great for hanging with friends and even birthday parties! I highly recommend Sushi Wa!
5	My new favorite place.  I have always loved I Love Sushi and still do but the atmosphere was 10 times better and the food was great you have to try the Who's Your Daddy appetizer and all of the rolls we had were great.
5	Moving to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, I have had a problem finding a decent sushi restaurant. Sushi Wa is the best AYCE sushi joint. You have a wide variety of rolls to chose from plus sashimi (AYCE places usually do not offer) and a great selection of appetizers. Extremely satisfied with this place. It is a little more expensive then other AYCE but the quality of fish makes up for that difference. Strongly recommend!
5	One word: Excellent!! :oPTry all these during lunch $21/$22per person, all-u-can eat: Appetizer: Seaweed salad, Monkey Brains, Miso Soup, Galbi Korean Ribs, & Soft Shell Crab.Sushi: Uniagi Nigiri, Salmon Nigiri, Yellowtail Nigiri, & Garlic Tuna!Rolls: Dragon Roll, Spider Roll, Sex on the Beach, Salmon Skin Roll, & Mango Salmon Roll.Dessert: Tempura Banana Vanilla Ice Cream.
5	I was in Vegas visiting my brother and he took me to Sushi Wa  for what he says is some of the best sushi around. He didnt let me down. We went to town on this place and was served excellent, fresh, and delicious fish. I definitely recommend asking "Joon" for his Salmon skin handroll, The live Surf Clam (yes literally still moving), and this one dish that is made almost like a patte. Two thumbs up! Enjoy.
2	I have eaten here three times. The first visit was with a sushi group from meetup.com. The fish is as good as it gets in the middle of the desert hundreds of miles away from the ocean. The rolls inventive enough to keep your interest. The service while attentive isn't top notch. Too many rules to follow should you choose the AYCE option.Tonight, while entertaining friends from out of town, I had a truly unpleasant experience paying the bill. Without looking at the check, a credit card was presented and charged. They added an additional 20% gratuity and labeled it as TAX. Then they added sales tax to the total INCLUDING the gratuity. When we questioned the charge, the manager said they automatically add a 20% gratuity to parties of five or more. I pointed out their menu states 18% on parties of SIX or more. He said they've changed policy but have not changed the menu.SAY WHAT?Had to argue with the manager to have the charge reversed. Told him that if he didn't immediately reverse the charge, I would dispute the charge with the credit card company.Time to find a new sushi bar.
2	Where to start... This is not an authentic Japanese restaurant!  We sat at the sushi bar, but can't order directly to the chefs in front of us. Why??because we had the all you can eat menu.  When you have an all you can eat menu and put tons of restrictions;  it is not all you can eat. I guess that's why we had to order from the wait staff. They were the ones to make sure we didn't order anything not on the "all you can eat" menu. The good part.. The fish was decent, but something is always lost in translation when non native people try to present themselves as authentic! I would have given this place a high rating, but they choose to play the bait and switch game with their customers. We got our bill and saw that they included gratuity in all our bills even though we had separate checks. They even charged more than the percentage stated(also mentioned by Andy S.)  So, I won't be back!
5	Best fish in Vegas offering all you can eat. Joon gets his yellowtail from Japan, salmon from Scotland, halibut from Hawaii, etc. They care about offering a top product. The atmosphere is very modern and service is fast and friendly. Bring all my friends from out of town to have some great sushi.
2	I was the friend from out of town, the gratuity was 22% not 20% PLUS tax. add another 2.2% on a $150 tab.The dishonesty was justification to not go back (or go the first time). I go to have a great time, good food, not to watch the restaurant like a hawk.
3	Ok maybe its a bad night. The sauteed calamari smelled like fish out of lake mead, we've been here for over an hour and a half and there's only 2 of us here and the las Vegas roll is as big as an onion ring. Seriously?
3	Went for the the all you can eat lunch and wasn't that impressed. Most of the rolls on the menu had nothing but crab - no shrimp options. Overall food was good and nice place.
1	I went to this sushi place because it was across the parking lot from my work place. I only ordered one roll and saw that it was an AYCE place good thing i tried it first the place was terrible. I had the Tiger Roll from there, i tried alot of tiger rolls, but this had to be the worst it was so bland the only taste i got from the roll was the tuna on top that tasted like metal..... seriously if your going to charge $14 for a roll make sure it is good. Needless to say I will not be back
5	Love this place. The Superman burrito roll is an addiction! This place also has some of the freshest sashimi in town. I live in Summerlin and drive over here for sushi. This place never disappoints.
2	- VERY slow service- Food is so so...not very hard to get sushi wrong as long as the fish is fresh.- Had the all u can eat, but had to cancel because it was SO slowOverall, gave this place 2 chances already and they have failed to deliver.
4	I came here for lunch because I have been craving sushi after passing on a trip with all the Yelpers. It has been some time since I came here, but it is close to home and I remembered liking this place a lot. A couple of years later, it is still good and they have AYCE. I sat down at the bar and did the AYCE lunch ($21.95) The restaurant was quiet, at noon, since they open at 11:30. Not too long after 1pm, people started to come in. That gave me a 45 minutes of my own personal sushi chef. I got the Spicy Sashimi Salad to start. It was light on the dressing, not too spicy, and overall delicious. It could use more heat, but the mound of greens, diakon, and seaweed was a plus. The Agedashi Tofu  had an odd taste or maybe too much flavor. I usually drink all the broth, but I left mine this time. The Shrimp and Sweet Potato Tempura was good. Spears of sweet potato were wrapped in shrimp, lightly battered, and fried. Simply perfect. I also like their Monkey Brains appetizer. Spicy tuna, cream cheese, shitake mushroom which they fry up tempura style before cutting into quarters and placed on their spicy and eel sauce. All of the nigiri I got were good, but nothing mind blowing in flavor. I do like the attention to detail though. My Ika came out looking like a baby squid. The Unagi was also better because they took a torch to it after putting on the sauce to give a nice char. Sang has some nice knife skills.I am a sucker for a Screaming Orgasm and must try it anywhere I go. I know saying I like their orgasm sauce because it is not too creamy is going to set me up for a razzing, but I don't care. It is true, because the sauce is more on the citrus side than on the mayo and I am fan. I finished my sushi course with a half order of this roll. I wished I saved more room or asked if I could get it as a salad, because it was my favorite. Ordering a half roll is like declaring a cease fire. Once the white flag is up, there is no more sushi to be had. Make sure you are ready to call it quits before asking for this. The chefs are upfront about it, but just a warning in case it slips their minds.At the end of my meal, I got the banana tempura with green tea ice cream. I don't normally order tempura items at Japanese restaurants, but Sushi Wa does it so well. The service was polite, attentive, and quick on refills of my green tea and water. I had an enjoyable lunch. There can be a wait if they get hit with too many eager AYCE diners, but patience is rewarded.
5	First time there...they have plenty of staff and the rolls and drinks keep coming...sushi and rice are fresh and bomb ski!!!! Must go...all u can eat is right price!
2	My husband and I love sushi! If we could afford it we would be eating sushi like they do in Japan...breakfast lunch and dinner! We've been to sushi places everywhere and we know what we like and we know how much we can eat. Oh did I mention my husband started off as a sushi chef? Well, we went to Sushi Wa with high expectations from one of our best friends...and I must admit...the sushi was great as we were told. But here's the sad thing...the waitress we got every time we go there always limits our orders! I mean c'mon...we know what we wanna eat...and we're paying all you can eat and if we can't finish it you still charge us for unfinished food...so why limit us? That type of service is not needed...and on top of that they always take forever to bring the food and the bill. You would think if we placed a larger order in the beginning then you wouldn't have to worry about coming back to our table. I think it's rude to limit your customers when they're paying to eat All You Can Eat! I'll score 2 stars on great food and deduct the 3 stars for service. Sad thing is..my husband and I miss their sushi (especially the nigiri and sashimi sushi). We are not sushi rolls type of people :/We'll see if we go back or not.
2	Hours of operation are convenient but the service people are rude! They force single diners to sit at the bar - eventhough it is lunch time on a weekday with loads of open space!  Wait staff have no sense of urgency and do not check on you mid-meal - so you spend most of your time looking for someone and raising your hand trying to catch their attention.
5	I came here with some buddies for the All-You-Can-Eat option and it was NOT disappointing in the least! For $25.95, we ate some of the best sushi we've ever eaten, and in copious amounts. I ordered approximately 7 or 8 rolls, and I enjoyed all of them, though the Mexican Roll was my favorite. The neat thing about the AYCE was also that it included appetizers. The Spicy Chicken was fantastic and the gyoza were decent. Another highlight was the chocolate mochi for dessert  :)The service was excellent as well. The waitresses were all very funny and accommodating. They also were very good at moderating how often they came to the table with the next round of rolls so we were never overwhelmed by the amount of plates on the table.Definently a great place for a good AYCE deal on sushi! Come if you're hungry for fresh fish at its best!
4	Good food! The service needs improvement. We needed to make eye contact or wave them down when we needed somethIng. It seemed like they forgot about us.  Other than the service I recommend eating there.
1	Worst service ever this time.  Literally waited 15 minutes with no food and no drink, twice.  I don't know what their issue was this time but if it continues we will not be back.  It's sad as this place has decent food but the service kills the place.  I cannot see this place lasting with such crappy service.  They need to hire more servers and the chefs were so far behind for no reason.  I don't think we will return.  3 times and the same crappy service.  There are too many other places with just as good quality and these other places, they actuall care about the customers and want you to return.  This place treats you like you are inconvienencing them...my question, then why are they there.  Fix the issues or shut the place down but don't treat your customers like crap.
2	I would really love to give this place more stars because the food is good but the service is HORRIBLE!  They sat us and then took all more 15 mins before some came over brought us menus and took our drink order.  It took forever to get the waitess to come over and take our order.  I order the simplest rolls out of the whole table and did not recieve my rolls till everyone had recieve their rolls and were finished eating.  This isn't the first time I have been here, I gave another chance and both times the service was awful.  They need to hire more staff.  Don't go here if your in a rush because even lunch took us over 2 hours.
4	I would eat Miso Soup, Sushi, and Mochi everyday if I could afford it.  When I can afford it I go to Sushi Wa for lunch or dinner.  The Sushi is delicous and fresh and the service is wonderful.  I have been to this spot six times in the past year and everytime I go it seems like the staff wait on me and my friends hand and foot.  My glass is never dry and they keep the green tea coming.  I love the salmon mango roll!  Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  The all you can eat includes soup, salad, and dessert.  Yumm-O!  Check it out you won't be disappointed.
5	I was nervous about dining here as we'd noticed that many yelper friends had rated it just below taking a cruise off the italian coastline :). Alas, we were nearby and the Mrs and I decided to roll the dice.  Taking a gamble paid off. The yellowtail nigiri was some of the freshest and highest quality cuts I've had in Vegas. I thought the salmon was gonna swim off the plate and it tasted like butter. We also tried the Pocky roll which is about 10lbs of avocado with some crab and albacore inside. I love avocado so this was yummers but it might be too much for some. I've been back 2 more times, we did the all you can eat once. The price for all you can eat is competitive with other restaurants at this level but maybe even a little better as you get at least one serving of sashimi and one or two other specialty items which you wouldn't usually get with A.Y.C.E. Highlights:-Pocky Roll-Mango Salmon Roll-Pokey Ahi Salad-Salmon Nigiri-Hamachi Nigiri-Banzai Roll-Good selection of asian beers including Hite which I didn't see on the menu but they did have in stock
5	I love the deals they offer, All you can eat!!??!?!
4	It would've been 3.5 stars but I do like this place so I round up. Not the best place I've been, but the food is pretty good. Pricing for AYCE is like anywhere else, but they do offer sashimi with AYCE, but limited to one order per person. And the Pepper Seared Tuna, yum!! And the yellowtail.... mmmmThe service, though, definitely lacking. The 2 times I have been there has been on quite nights, with only 3-4 other tables, but yet still takes forever to greet the table. Okay okay, so we usually have 8-12 people and we order a lot, but we make it easy for the servers cause I do all the ordering and I keep it organized. But she had troubles getting all the orders, and some of the orders never made it out, and some got confused, etc. But they got uni, amaebi, raw oysters, soft shell crabs (very small orders, but no limit), and the superman roll was good too. I usually don't go for many rolls cause they fill me too quick, but they are good! And handrolls... at first they were amazing, but after the first order, we ordered 6 more hand rolls and they went cheap on the fish!Still, a good place to dine, if you have the time. Good and simple decor, TV at the bar for sports, and fresh quality fish. I recommend this place to lots of friends and family. Had the commute not been so bad, I'd be here every week. Well, maybe in the winter when I don't have to watch my weight.
3	I judge all ayce sushi places on the caterpillar roll.  That being said...The caterpillar roll was bland. There was no real taste of eel, from the actual eel or the eel sauce. I don't use wasabI and soy for this roll because I like the eel taste, but I did here.The crunch scallop roll was generous. This was also on the bland side of the taste spectrum, but it's scallop so that's not surprising.The spicy tuna roll was all heat and no flavor. This was disappointing.The cucumber in the rolls was chewy. Cucumber is supposed to be crisp and crunchy.The service is great though. My water glass was never empty and the server was always available for questions.The pricing was fair for what I got and I left full, so that's good.  But I really was not a fan of the taste of the food.It was an ok choice for a sushi lunch gamble on the other side of the world from where I usually am.Would I come here again? Not likely.
5	Wa, wa, wa? Sushi Wa is my new favorite place. Let's start with the Ahi Poke salad which is better than anywhere. It is dressed with fresh small bites of fish, perfectly sliced seaweed, and the right amount of seasoning. I'm not a huge fan of Poke, but I'd return to get more here.As the Mr. said, Sushi Wa's fish is super fresh. They cut nice thick pieces of Yellowtail. Their sashimi plates are creative and delicious too. If this were my restaurant, I'd remove the TV from behind the chef station but, otherwise, the Asian decor takes me to another country, far away from the strip mall this restaurant actually resides in.What turns this 4 into a 5 are the sushi chefs. They crack jokes, talk, offer special tastes. They're fun to be around.
2	Awww man!!  This has been my favorite sushi joint for a year-ish!  The Japanese Lasagne is to die for.We got the all you can eat sushi and was ignored the whole time we were there.  It was taking 20 minutes in between each order. WHA???  It wasn't even busy. The waitress was evil, she was rude and I swear she shit in my food because after I left I was sick!  I was so nice to her and tried to give her the benefit of the doubt, she had helped me two times before and it was the same story. So now, here I am venting my experience here.WA, ditch that waitress, she's tainting your business. The runners were delightful and very sweet. Really sucks, I would gleam over Sushi Wa but after this visit, I won't be going again :(
1	Not only was the service bad today more because of understaffed, but the chefs, which there were 3 were soo slow.  It took over an hour to get a California Roll and a cucumber roll.  Be prepared to spend 2 hours here minimum as most of the time will be waiting for your order.
5	Great place to eat... A small restaurant with big service and great food. Try the spicy tuna... Try something new I am sure will not disappoint.
1	I'm sad for 3 reasons.1. Sushi Wa is a far drive from my residency and from work.  But because my friends raved about this place, I really wanted to take the time and drive to try it.2. My favorite kind of sushi which is the simple Salmon Sake Nigiri was laid on top of a super huge portion of rice and more importantly, the fish was NOT fresh.  HUGE disappointment!3. My favorite roll which is the spicy tuna over crispy fried rice here was bland!  The fish looked like it has been out for days and they don't use fresh jalapeno?  Makes no sense.  I was a bit disgusted.I also had their Yellowtail Nigiri; also not fresh.  I tried their garlic edamame; no taste and not even a hint of garlic.  When you say there is going to be garlic in a dish, I better taste it.  It's as if they like they completey forgot the ingredient and it's in the freakin' name.  Boo!  Then, I had their Ultimate Garlic Tuna Roll...and THUN THUN THUN.....again, no taste of any garlic.  The roll even sits on a bowl of soup that only makes it even worse because the soup base doesn't taste like anything but yuck.  I couldn't believe my dismay!The one star goes to one appetizer: Fried Oysters, and one roll: Volcano roll.  The volcano roll was a little too much on the saucy side that if I had to finish it myself, I would feel guilty for my because of all the mayo clogging up my heart valves.  But because it had sauce, it was the only roll that had any flavor.This was a huge disappointment.  Not only the taste, but the fish wasn't fresh.  Fresh comes first!The wait  staff though was really nice, and the place is decorated nicely; kind of too fancy though.  Also, they over do the food presentation.  They need to work on the food taste rather than the presentation.  Just because something looks good, does not mean it tastes good.   I'll end on a positive note though.  They do have coffee mochi for dessert.  Not many AYCE sushi places have this mochi flavor.  If my friends convince me to go back to try their orders, I don't know.  Because the fish might still be from today.
1	Totally sucks! Don't go here.
4	I thought this place was pretty good. All farm raised fish, but the service was good and the food was very nice. There was a roll with lobster that was to die for. Much better than the other places in henderson
4	They have great nigiri sushi. Its better than going to a buffet where the sushi has been sitting out on the counter. Instead you keep ordering a little bit at a time and all your sushi is fresh. I love the pepper seared ahi nigiri and garlic ahi (garlic ponzu sauce drizzled over ahi sashimi) nigiri. Anything on the menu is game for you to order and as much as u want (they limit your uni and ama ebi to one per person). You can pay dinner price during lunch if you want sashimi. I recOmmend that if you are there for lunch to just pay the lunch price because whatever sashimi you may be craving you can order it as nigiri. Examples of things to order are specialty fusion sushi rolls, nigiri, salads, tempura, bulgogi, kalbi, teri salmon. Dont forget dessert...mochi ice cream, tempura ice cream.
5	Best All u can eat in town!!  Food was all fresh. One thing I was kinda disappointed was server kinda limit us how much to order at once...  It's All U Can Eat, as long as we finish and don't waste food, we should be able to order as much as we want.
5	It's rare to find a good quality AYCE sushi restaurant that includes sashimi. Sure certain restaurants (starts with a T ends with odai and the other place starts with an M and ends with akino) serve AYCE sushi and sashimi but the quality's poor.  Although there's a limit to how much sashimi you can order at Sushi Wa, you're guaranteed to have fresh fish that looks and tastes superb. It's a 20+ miles away from where I love but it's worth it. The interior is clean and modern. The servers are great too.
2	I don't say this often (sad to say because a friend of mine swears this is the best Sushi place now in the Las Vegas area), but this is the worse sushi buffet/place I have ever been to. Maybe it was because it was lunch time, but everything stunk!First of all, there are limitations to the buffet, like one of each poke salad, dessert, etc. In addition, uni, sweet shrimp, oysters were only offered at dinner time. They also don't have sashimi for lunch time. After seeing this, I had a second thought of maybe leaving because my hubby already had several things marked off of his "must-have" list at a sushi place, but I decided to stay.After ordering a few sushi/nigiri, the waitress asked us if we were "sure" we wanted to order all of this because there was 16 pieces for the both of us. Keep in mind, we haven't even started eating yet. Ok, I guess she doesn't get customers that eat a lot of sushi?  Again, we just brushed it off, and said we still wanted it.When we got our sushi, I was disgusted. The raw fish was breaking apart already (most likely 2-3 days old), wasn't as cold, and the rice also wasn't as sticky. Ewwww! Gross. The best part of the lunch was probably the mochi, and the banana tempura with green tea ice cream dessert I had them make for me.Don't go here unless you really have to.
5	I have been to 100's of sushi restaurants in the US and over sea's. I loved this sushi restaurant because of the service, atmosphere and amazing quality of sushi. Recommended adventure dish, ask for the sweet shrimp sushi and ask for the heads with it.  They batter the heads in tempura and are made to eat whole. I promise its amazing, and the taste is out of this world.
5	best sushi I ever had! great service along with a wide selection of excellent sushi. little unknown gem - try the tempura fried shrimp heads (not on menu).
3	Super annoying service, more annoying that you could ever imagine. It even stops us from going there most of the time. On the positive side, the food is simply delicious, best screaming orgasm in town, great presentation (mostly for new customers).  Try to disregard their "are you sure you want this and that, maybe you only want this?", "I'm only gonna order this for now and see if you can finish it" (and then you will wait an hour for the rest), etc, etc,...it seems that they have been trained that way, not that they have personal attitude toward you as we first thought. Come there once just for the sake of food, and then decide for yourself if you can take this kind of service.Update:We stopped going there because of the health concerns. Majority of the food tasted excellent. But it seemed that every time we went, one or two types of fish was not fresh to the point that we had to spit it out. Also boyfriend mentioned that they should not let the older waitress (the one who acts like a manager) talk to customers. Funny but it's true.
5	My husband & I go here twice a month for all-you-can-eat sushi.  The food is fresh, the presentation is beautiful, and the service is awesome!  My husband can drink enough ice tea to kill a camel, and he always has a full glass.  When we order food, it comes quickly, and we are always asked what else we would like.   We always sit at the bar which is very clean and inviting.  The sushi chef's are friendly and  entertaining. While other sushi bars come and go, there is a reason that this sushi place has been around for years!!
4	Another sushi joint owned by Koreans. This means that they also have a couple (ribs and bulgogi) on their [AYCE] menu. I enjoyed coming here, but it is hard to make it a consistent visit because it can get quite pricey even without the AYCE.I suggest coming here to eat their uni (sea urchin) and octopus though! It is one of the most fresh sushi joints for those two that I have had!
1	Holy hell...everything seemed fine, OK sushi, no bad...but not great, until we saw the ROACHES.  I kid you not.  When someone at the other end of the sushi bar said that they saw a bug, both my dining partner and myself tried to put it out of our minds.  BAD MOVE.  We continued to order and eat, only to have a small brown roach crawl right in front of us, on the sushi bar.  When we wigged out and pushed away from the counter, I happened to look down and saw another one at my feet.  Crap on a cracker...I was GROSSED OUT.  The worst part??? The waitress wasn't even freaked out by it....she simply walked over and went after them with a napkin....like she deals with it all of the time.  Googly moogly.  They took 30% off of the check (really????), which we didn't even ask them to, we'd have paid full price...we just wanted to leave.  I didn't know upon leaving what I wanted to do more...throw up or shower.  Super disappointing because the place looks elegant and clean.  Nasty.
5	Fresh seafood, attentive staff, and a nice physical layout. First time visit for AYCE lunch. Will be back!
5	first time here!!! Great service and they're really friendly and love this place and cant wait to be back soon!! .
5	Sushi Wa is probably the best sushi bar I have ever been to. The food was amazing and the service was great too. Sushi rolls ranged from $8-$14. All in all it was a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
1	Went in tonight for a dinner, the food was good, but the customer service is the worst! Every time we ordered more stuff she always inpatient and bad attitude ! Let us Felt like we shouldn't order more, and she lied to us said the regular ice cream only 1 per person , and I told her I been here a lot it was always been unlimited for Ice cream! And she admit the Ice cream is unlimited , but she said " you all had 2 ice cream already I think that's enough for you!!!!!???? Are you serious?! You going to a all you can eat place and a waitress tells you that you have enough ??? I don't think she's the owner that will worry the clients will eat too much ! I think she just so lazy to get us food! I used to be regular here ! But definitely will never go bak !The food is no difference with other sushi place , but getting treated like this so not wort it! If you are looking for a all you "can't" eat place this is it!!!!
1	I am giving one star for a reason...  I used to love this place, food quality was good and service was great.  But that all change today, and it was unbelievable what the server had told me.  The Nigiri was not fresh today, food was ok.  The service I would give 0 star if I could.  Every time we are trying to order, the server always give us this bad look.  And we don't really eat that much, trust me.  The worst part was the server lie to us in our face saying there is a limit of the Ice Cream per person...  Which is not true and I told her I have been here plenty time.  She immediate change her story saying it is not limited "BUT I THINK EACH OF YOU HAVE 1 MOCHI ICE CREAM AND 1 REGULAR ICE CREAM I THINK THATS ENOUGH FOR YOU GUYS"  I seriously start to laugh and tell her forget about it.  And this is my first time in my life left a $0 tips.  I thought it's AYCE!!!!  As a business owner, I feel sorry for Sushi Wa owner to have staff like that.
5	I love this place! They use only the highest quality fish and they have fantastic service. You have to ask for it, but they are one of the few places that have authentic fresh wasabi, not that fake green paste that everyone else has.I would recommend this place as one of  the best "off strip" sushi joints in town.
5	I really love this sushi restaurant!    Not sure why anyone would give this place a bad review...?!I am a sushi lover and have been to VERY expensive sushi restaurants all over the US.   Obviously, fresh fish is the most important criteria for finding good sushi!    Sushi Wa goes the distance in this catagory.  Believe me, if it isn't fresh, I'd know!Sushi Wa provides a very nice ambiance in their restaurant.   Semi circular booths and tables are all very comfortable.  If you want one of the booths, come early or see if you can arrange for a reservation before heading out to eat.What is fabulous here, is the all you can eat menus for lunch and dinner.   Yes, they have rules, but the wait staff was very good in helping us with our choices and explaining the rules to us.   I thought the rules were very fair and simply created to stop people from ordering food they weren't going to waste!    Seems logical to me!The sushi is amazing!    The presentation is superb!    Cons:   I would like to see the people who bus the tables do a better job of cleaning off the tables!      Sushi can be messy, and the tables need extra care in cleaning them.Believe me when I say, "I'll be back!"
5	Great sushi, the food presentation is very well done. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Only complaint is the music is horrible, dance club music is not appropriate for restaurants.
5	Excellent service. Fresh sushi, with impressive presentation.  The restraunt is very clean and well decorated.  We had the all you can eat and were very happy with everything
5	best sushi in the area. They actually have real wasabi here if you ask for it. The Henderson Roll rocks too, love the sauce on that one.
5	I found this place about a year ago and it is the best sushi I have had in Vegas, which I know is a biiiiiiig statement. Over the past 10 years or so I have eaten at dozens of sushi restaurants in this town (on the strip as well) and I can't say I have enjoyed any as much as this place. The fish is stellar, the customer service is amazing, and the rolls are innovative and flavorful.What brought me back is the fact that I can easily eat $100 worth of sushi in one sitting. I prefer all-yo-can-eat venues because frankly, it's cheaper. Most of the time you find yourself at one of these places, the rolls are basic and not very good, or you are prohibited from ordering any of the "good" rolls. Not this place!!! If it is on the menu, you can order it (and as much as you like). Any app, roll, sashimi, nigiri; it's all fair game. The funny thing is the place is almost always empty! It's a really nice place right next door to Shakespeare's (a trendy bar). I am positive that this is just a secret among those who live in Green Valley. This place is a must-go for any Vegas sushi-addict.
3	I'll have to admit that I was scared to try this place out after reading all their reviews but, a few good friends of mines love this place. I came after work and my 4 friends were already 3 sushi rolls in that I just ate whatever was brought out. It's not my normal Goyemon fix so, I was lost in what to order....no pork belly or Cajun albacore **sad face**Everything I ate was delicious. Plated beautifully and with lots of sauces. I'll have to say that each roll was rich and fulfilling because of all the sauces. I wouldn't say that's a bad thing but, not my cup of tea as I like to keep it simple when it comes to all-you-can-eat sushi; otherwise, I get full fast and I don't get my moneys worth.My friends love salmon skin hand rolls and ordered a total of 8 handrolls. Normally, I wouldn't like it but, my friend - who is a sushi chef - swears by it. So, I gave it a samps and was so pleased =) It was crunchy and chopped into small pieces. Everytime I pass by Sushi Wa, I consider going in and ordering numerous rolls. And I don't even like salmon skin handrolls.Overall, the workers were nice and patient with all our orders. Sushi was ok for me but, the salmon skin handroll was the stand out. I don't think this place would be my go-to AYCE sushi spot as paying $26 for AYCE salmon skin handrolls would be ridiculous .....right??!!!
5	Excellent sushi experience! Wonderful sushi chefs who will make anything for you! And I mean anything! Attentive and friendly staff, excellent decor and interior design. Will definitely return! The sashimi is excellent!
5	I was surprised to see Sushi Wa did not have at least a 4+ star rating overall.  I was turned on to this place about a month ago from a colleague and have since been back twice.  The short story is:  I love it.  The $22 all you can eat lunch is a great value when you consider virtually everything on the menu is available, fresh and super delicious.  While the exterior of the restaurant is seriously underwhelming, the interior is very tastefully decorated with a cool modern vibe.  I also like how people can store their own chopsticks in these big racks with their names on the boxes.  I've had probably 6-7 different rolls, regular sushi, desert items (great Mochi) and have found portion sizes generous - and I reiterate most importantly - the fish was very fresh!  The service was also exceptional.  I've only sat at a table, so I can not comment about the Sushi Bar service experience.  All in all, I can't wait to return!
4	All you can eat was unbelievable and the price for it is the best in town. Favorite roll was the 4 of a kind; and don't be afraid to try something new. They have a wide variety of things to choose from and this is honestly 1 of the best sushi spots in town
4	Fresh wasabi never had it before got it here I love it I was digging into that little dish between all the sushi I thought about ordering more for desertSushi was better than most a lot of interesting rolls can't remember any names.  The one I liked the best reminded me of a baked green mussel.  A roll topped and baked like a green mussel.The second best thing there other than the real wasabi was the interesting appetizers. Monkey brains a mushroom stuffed with spicy tuna then fried then a crab shrimp and cream cheese fritter thing killer green mussel a few others that slip my mind  ohh and fresh wasabi
4	I seldom give anything 5 stars and I really debated this one for a while.  I will go with my less than generous rating of 4 stars only because I want to go back to see if it really is as good as I remembered.  My daughter and her boyfriend selected it for dinner and I had always wanted to try it.  By the time I got there I was starving and ready for AYCE.  I was shocked when I walked in and the place was empty except my party.  We sat at the sushi bar and ordered right away.  The sushi came out fresh and amazingly fast.  The staff was great and always on top of drinks and clearing plates.  By the time we left (way to full by the way) the place was packed and staff was still buzzing around taking care of everyone.I can't even remember how many rolls I snarfed down, or which ones.  However the Superman Burrito stands out in my mind as AMAZING! I will be going back even though it is on the other side of the planet from my house.
5	Wow! That's all I have to say, iv eaten at dozens of sushi places and I was really blown away by this place. Service was excellent, fish "salmon sashimi" was very fresh! I definitely will be coming back to this place and recommend it to anyone.
2	Everything about this place was ehh. We won't be returning or recommending.We get there when the place first opened, and upon walking in I'm thinking that because it looks nice, we'll probably have a really good experience here. Yeah, not so much.It took the waitress a few minutes to acknowledge us after she gave us the menu to get our drink orders. Upon returning to take our order, there's like 30 thousand rules that are already listed in the menu, but the waitress decided she had to make sure we knew. I know that with AYCE sushi, you're supposed to finish your food or they say they will charge you so that people don't just order a bunch of stuff to waste. So when we're ordering the waitress made sure to tell us we needed to finish all of our food eor we would be charged. Another issue we had was when we tried to order, everything we wanted, like plain roll were on the dinner menu. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind paying dinner price for AYCE sushi during dinner, but it was lunch. This lunch ended up costing 70 bucks with tip.  The food was meager. The sashimi was good, but nothing spectacular. The screaming orgasm was really good along with the peppered tuna. Philadelphia roll was very plain. The shrimp tempura roll my bf said tasted "super fishy." The Japanese lasagna was delicious.Cucumber salad was bland. Ice cream was ice cream.The waitress did, however, keep refilling my bf's soda without having to be asked. Which was nice. Usually, drinks are ignored. Here, it wasn't.This place is very close to home, so we were hoping we could find another neighborhood favorite, but I guess it's back to SushiMon.
4	When I rate sushi places I factor in food quality, customer service, atmosphere, and overall value. I have been here twice, both times I had excellent service, great food, and overall it was at the right price. Their baked rolls are excellent. Just a heads up, they use a good amount of mayo and other sauces in the baked rolls but they're delicious. Obviously I have been to better places, but these guys do a great job. I recommend them, its a great place to try out.
4	My first time here the atmosphere and staff are amazing.  The food is above average not your typical "All you can Eat" sushi Resturant.  Danney was very helpful suggesting specials that were not listed on the menu. The Ultimate Garlic Tuna Roll was worth coming for. Ask for the Pink Scallops.
2	My friend and I were looking to try out a new AYCE sushi place. Although Sushi Wa didn't have as high a rating on Yelp, my friend wanted to give it a try. There are so many sushi places on Eastern, almost too many options. This place is adorable. It seems like a nice, high end sushi place. When we arrived there was basically no one in the place, but by about 20-30 minutes later and the place was pretty busy.We both ordered AYCE and each started off with Baked Lasagna and Mussels. Mussels were pretty good but neither of us cared for the Baked Lasagna. I've had better at any other place I've been. There was a lot of cream cheese on top if that's your thing, I'm not that into it so I usually take half of it off. Regardless of that this roll doesn't compete with surrounding spots. There is definitely some kind of distinct, additional flavor being added and I'm not really into it. It wasn't bad, just not as good as other places I've been. We also ordered the Fire Cracker ($6) and it really good. Equally as good as any other place I've ever had it. I highly recommend trying it. I don't think it's as spicy as it sounds, but there is definitely a kick to it. Popcorn Scallop was also pretty good. The sauces they served with it were ok. Beef Teriyaki roll was ok. My friend liked it more than I did. I don't think I'm ready for a meat/sushi infusion yet. Rose roll was pretty good, description says that it's a baked baby lobster on top of California roll with eel sauce. I'm not sure but that doesn't sound like what we got. It was a roll covered in a lot of stuff, I tasted scallops, there was definitely a really good creamy type sauce. This dish looked kind of messy, but as actually not that hard to eat. The only thing I didn't like about it was the red onion that was mixed on the top. They were pretty easy to remove but one snuck through on my last bite. Screaming Orgasm was pretty good, but again I've had equal or better at other places. My friend ordered the Las Vegas Roll, I didn't try it. 4 Kinds of fish, crabmeat, avocado all completely deep fried. It's not my thing. I don't mind some light tempura, but I'm more of a raw sushi kind of girl. I did try the sauce that was in the bowl because my friend didn't like how spicy it was. I usually like anything spicy, but this didn't have a great flavor. So for my first visit here, I'd say it went ok. I mean I don't think I'll be rushing back here. I feel like I can get better value at any other place. The best thing about this place is the ambiance. Service was ok. Servers seems to be friendly, but also ambivalent. It's also one of the more expensive AYCE places that I've tried. I don't think that mixes too well with the level of deliciousness. Sushi quality seemed legit, but I also want quality flavor.
5	Such a awesome sushi place!! Sushi is fresh with great portions! Decent prices and a very clean and modern atmosphere ! The staff is nice and very efficient! Will for sure  be going back :)
5	I love sushi, and this is hands down one of my favorite sushi places in Vegas! The atmosphere is amazing and it's decorated perfect. There are a mixture of booths and tables that are all spaced out perfectly so you never are too close to another group, unlike some other sushi places that can be very crowded and you feel like you're sitting with the table next to you. I always get the AYCE sushi, such and amazing deal! The cucumber salad is some of the best I ever have had, and I have never not enjoyed a roll I have gotten. Unfortunately I live on the other side of town now.. closer to places like OYSHI, but every time I go somewhere else I just miss this place terribly. The staff is always super friendly and the owner is usually there and says hi to tables. My one friend is a regular and they always take great care of us and everyone who dines there. I truly recommend this place for anyone who lives sushi, it's THE BEST! You won't regret it!
5	My wife heard of this place through a colleague. We've been looking for a good AYCE sushi place near our house, and I think we may have found it. In my opinion, this is the best AYCE in Vegas. Their menu is expansive and all items can be ordered (for dinner, some limitations for lunch). The one thing that got me for an AYCE was their uni (urchin). It was tasty and fresh, not the best i've had, but it definitely tasted the way uni should. Other pros: The waitresses were so nice. One took my restless 1 year old for a tour around the restaurant and gave her some chocolate. So awesome. Their rolls are creative. I strongly recommend the mountain roll and the superman burrito, soooo good.The screaming orgasm is also good, up there with I love Sushi's, slightly spicier which my wife and i loved!Only cons were that the salmon sashimi tasted as though it was washed with water prior to serving, giving it a less fresh taste.Overall, we've definitely found our spot for when we're craving AYCE sushi!
5	My husband and I stopped here randomly and fell in love with it. The combinations of flavors were unlike any other sushi bar I've been to. The fish was fresh and the amount of rice that came with the all you can eat orders were little. The restaurant itself was beautiful. Very clean, modern and inviting.  We will be back and can't wait! Despite being across town.
5	This place is fantastic!!!!!! Some of the best freshest fish I've had. The monkey brain is great. It sounds weird but trust me it's the best. Very classy and clean inside. The service is great. Hands down my favorite sushi place!
5	WA WA WA.  Yep, every time I passed Sushi Wa, I promised myself I would never eat there.Why?  Because I had eaten there for lunch one day with the wife and mother in law.  I found the food was average at best.  However, one of my kids friends from 808 said that this was one of his fav places so I said, okay what the heck....So, on a Saturday night about 8:30 pm, I came here with my young son who has never had real sushi before, only the western style sushi...a.  Ambiance - We sat at the bar, which I never do due to larger crowds and we want to have conversation.  The bar is the best place here to sit. Everywhere else seems a bit too "cold".  but the bar is really simple and comforting at same time. b.  Service - Very, very good.  Attentive to our needs, mostly Korean speaking, but basic Japanese words are discussed.  Small amounts of rice, that is cool!c.  Food - here is where it is amazing:a. Tobico - Flying Fish Roe with squid ink to a black caviar style look.  what a cool dish. Tasty and unique.b. Amai Ebi - Here the sweet shrimp was perfect and the fried shrimp heads were suckilicious.  Meaning I  was sucking and chewing on these fried heads like it was fried chicken!  Yummy.c.  Maguro - I always ask for Maguro with a sliver of lemon and jalapeno I did not get this here when I ordered it. Instead of a sliver of lemon, with the rind and all, I got a peeled lemon with the meat only and sprinkled with shavings of jalapeno.  this was AMAZINGd.  Uni - Fresh, awesome texture.  My young son ate it too!  That says it all.e. Breakdown - OK, broke down and had a Dragon Roll, the quintessential westernized plan for sushi.  even this was good and I was most impressed.This place is my newest and most favorite sushi place in the 89052 area code.
4	Food was so great! Some of the best baked rolls. Went on a Saturday night and they seemed understaffed. The service was so genuine and helpful when we couldn't make up our minds but soooooo slow. Luckily we didn't have anywhere to go. Will definitely go back but we'll make sure we don't have any commitments after!
3	I'm kinda at a lost for words because I like how the place is set up and in the beginning when you come here they make you feel happy but after you order your first round they seem to not care about serving you anymore..you literally have to call them or you never get in your second order or drink refills...you guys have some work to do..ive tried this place twice so its not because they were busy or the server..
5	A great spot for true sushi lovers.They add just the right touch of flavor to every dish. So you may as well forget there's wasabi at the table. If you love variety, this place should be on your list. All you can eat includes sashimi, an extensive menu, desert (moochi and banana tempura, etc...). We will be back!!!
4	Diverse selection of sushi, rolls, and cooked food. The AYCE is also reasonably priced and decor is nicer than most other sushi places.
4	I really like Sushi wa.  The prices are pretty fantastic, and the quality of food is always top notch.  I am never disappointed when i come in for lunch or dinner.  The only issue I have with this place is that customer service is a little iffy.  The older woman there always seems angry and upset.  I really like the younger server.  She is really nice, but when the older woman is working with her, she tends to yell at the younger one and gets really awkward.  Other then that this place is awesome.
3	This was my first time trying sushi. The reviews seemed pretty good and my friend wanted to go back because she has enjoyed it in the past.Only one other table of diners, we were seated quickly. We had some questions about the menu and the all you can eat option.Friend ordered some sashimi while we decided.Decided to go for the all you can eat $26.95.We were told she couldn't because the sashimi she ordered wasn't part of the deal.Expressed my frustration because we TOLD him we were thinking of that option.The manager gave her approval though we had to pay $9 for the appetizer.Things were going well. The food was quite slow coming out of the kitchen and we were not getting plates at the same time.  It was throwing off the tempo of the meal. We were talking and then the waiter decides to tell us that we will be charged for any food left on the plate. We did NOT over order. It was that he brought 2 plates out at the same time.Then after we expressed our irritation with him. The manager came over again and said, "I see you are really trying."Gee thanks, so you won't charge me MORE money.Left there spending $80.00. Don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
5	I've been here twice now for the all you can eat sushi and I'm a fan. I recommend going in a group and all getting AYCE so that you can share and try more things without getting full on a single item. It is good quality, made to order sushi. They limit very few items, like you can only get one order sea urchin and of sashimi per person. I loved the Screaming Orgasm and the Pepper Seared Tuna sashimi, definitely getting those again. Appetizers are also included in the AYCE deal ($26 at dinner) which was a pleasant surprise - almost everything on the menu is unlimited. But leave room for desert because the AYCE also includes your choice of ice cream, mochi ice cream, tempura ice cream and banana tempura. I was stuffed but I couldn't resist tempura green tea ice cream.
4	Great appetizers ,sushi rolls are really good the quality of the fish is always fresh love this place that's my favorite all you can eat sushi place
3	We stopped going there because of the health concerns. Majority of the food tasted excellent. But it seemed that every time we went, one or two types of fish was not fresh to the point that we had to spit it out. Also boyfriend mentioned that they should not let the older waitress (the one who acts like a manager) talk to customers. Funny but it's true.
4	This is the first time we've visited this restaurant and it was great! The staff is friendly and the food is terrific. They have "all you can eat" if you like and a great menu! I can't believe we've missed this place tucked in the middle of the shopping center before now.
5	My family always comes here and only here to eat sushi. Why? Well their quality of sashimi is amazing. Always fresh and has the buttery crisp taste sashimi should have. Even the uni is good and not as pungent as other places. I've had all of their rolls and I think of all sushi restaurants you won't find another like sushi wa. Definitely should go here for sushi if you want quality and good price.
3	I went here on my lunch hour with coworkers. As a sushi newbie, this is only my 2nd time eating in a sushi restaurant . The atmosphere was nice, but the service was slow. Very slow. If  you got all the time in the world come on in. If the clock is ticking, pace yourself!  I had the cooked sushi and tempura, very yummy though.
5	My wife and I frequent here pretty much every time we want sushi. It is by far the best sushi bar in the Vegas Area. Prices are good, sushi chefs are amazing, and quality of fish is paramount. Our regular Sushi Chef Waldo is our favorite from all the sushi places we have ever been too, and he does great work. Beautiful and artful plating and great cuts of fish. He always remembers the first thing I always order when I sit down, the Superman Burrito, in my opinion the best roll ever. Definitely give this place your business!
4	Gets 4 Stars from me because the staff was super cool & dope! The set up is a little different than the traditional sushi spots, the vibe of the place is laid back, not uptight feeling & comfortable for conversations & sharing sushi rolls. I went during lunch & it wasn't busy, maybe it's a different atmosphere at night or the weekends. I like these types of personally & the atmosphere/ vibe speaks a lot to me. The food was good, mussels were on point as I'm a huge fan of mussels from sushi restaurants for some odd reason. We shared about 6 rolls & a few appetizers with green tea and we definitely plan on returning. The staff helped out with any information we has about the rolls which was cool too. I'd recommend this place to a few friends.
5	I love this place!!!!!!! The sushi was fresh and tasty and my waiter was really nice. I think this is my new favorite!!! Great AYCE deal at lunch and dinner and their menu has plenty of options. YUMMY!!!!!
1	Can we give this place a negative star??? The food is good but the service SUCKED bad! We only received half our order and I took literally 35mins for the first roll to hit the table, there was only like 8 tables being used so it was not busy at all. All and all I'm never coming here again.
5	SOOO yummy!! Their all you can eat is really worth it! Me and my boyfriend decided to be fatties and do the all you can eat, we literally ate 100+ dollars worth of food. It was amazing, Everything is all you can eat, appetizers, desserts, sushi rolls....AMAZING..and it all tasted BOMB.I recommend the rose roll, sooo yummy
2	I have been coming here for 2 years now, and always recommended this place to friends. However, was recently here and the waiting staff was so rude with derogatory comments. I will no longer eat here due to the rude waiting staff and will no longer recommend to others. I highly recommend the owners of this establishment get nicer waiting staff.
4	This place is ridonkulous.  I don't use the word "ridonkulous" often but this place deserves it!AYCE is phenomenal.Wa Salad is some incredible sashimi salad concoction that deserves it's own platform to perform on.  Kid friendly yet posh looking on the inside.Standing ovation.  I will be back.  Maybe even tomorrow.Moved down to 4 stars from 5.  This last trip back, the food was still good bit service not so much.
1	Ponzu everything. Rude staff. Warm, unmanageable rice. Waste of money.  Will not be back
1	Worst sushi bar ive ever been!! Service sucks the server was very rude and slow. And all sushi has too much rice. I dont even wanna give one star for this restaurant.
5	Amazing food! Great service. Nice people. Try the poki salad and the screaming orgasm! Save room for the tempura ice cream!
3	Heard this place from a family member that she talk so highly of. I was impressed with the decor, price is reasonable,  food was ok not great liked their ahi tuna poke a lot though. Too bad you can only have one per person if you're doing ayce. And here's the negative part why I'm only giving them 3 stars...service was mediocre at best. Server is rushing to drop plate on the table and by the time she says what the food was she's gone and they are not even busy! Our orders were wrong and our drinks were not filled for the last hour and had the balls to tell my husband he can't order drinks after we paid. Menu needs a lot of work. I don't think we'll come back.
5	I've been a friend of Joon the owner and his faithful customer for around 7 years.  Great quality good, chill vibe, and the food is delicious.  The sushi chefs Danny and Waldo definitely keep the menus interesting.  Definitely a MUST have
4	Good price for the all you can eat.  Interesting sushi choices.  Had one that tastes like a whopper.  One was like lasagna.  Nice atmosphere.  Good customer service. Quick.  Correct.  Good suggestions from them.  Ill be back.  We did some damage here, they lost $$$ with us.
5	Definitely my favorite new AYCE location.  Great food and decor/ambience is better than others.  Fish was fresh and A+ for presentations.
5	Got the recommendations from my sister in law and she said everything was so good there... had to check it out so me and my fiance walked in and it was empty but the decorations were very modern lounge kind of feel. The one manager was awesome giving us recommendations on which roll is good... and the waitor was super nice and funny... for AYCE they give you sashimi per person. I got the crunch albacore because I was already hooked on their calamari with the honey dipping and he got the screaming orgasm which I wish I order another one because it was so good!!.. the appetizers were amazing too... their mussels were cheesy and pretty big mussels compared to some places.  overall my experience there was amazing... chill ... friendly ... I definitely will come back....
5	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 2 AYCE1. Regular salmon skin hand roll2. Spicy salmon skin hand roll3. 2 orders of soft shell crab4. Short ribs5. Pocky roll6. Superman burrito 7. 2 orders of yellowtail sashimi (4pc an order)8. Hamachi kama9. Rose roll10. Nabeyaki udon11. Energy roll12. Green tea and strawberry mochi for $69.27- Seated right away. Pleasant welcome. Friendly. Smiles. - Chefs are kind. attentive. entertaining. Choi! Great guy. - Salmon skin hand roll was was like Dohs. Not good. Not crispy. Poor. - Soft shell crab was small. Fair. - Short ribs a bit too much fat. - Pocky roll was amazing. Loved the avocado and presentation. - Superman burrito was flavorful. Didn't look like Superman or a burrito. - Their sashimi order was fantastic! thick slabs! Best for AYCE - Rose roll was fulfilling. Shove it all the mouth deal - Nabeyaki udon was great! Best AYCE soup. Ridiculously hot. - Hamachi kama was a bit oily, but still crispy. Maybe I'd stick with salmon. - Energy roll was okay. wouldn't get again. - Nice cuts on mochi. chocolate drizzle. - I felt that there was collective effort to try their best to ensure a good visit.- Definitely coming back for more!
3	Sushi Wa -  the ambiance here is nice, modern chic.     We had a huge party of 24, made a reservation the set up was quite confusing. But we got it handled.      Obviously 24 people could get pretty confusing for AYCE but the server was patient. He did forget things at times but we we tried to be patient and understanding.   Quality of sushi was good. I liked how they actually have sashimi in the AYCE
5	Being from LA, we have amazing sushi bars. This one really blew me away! It's off the beaten path from the strip, in a quiet mini mall. This was recommended by a local. Totally worth the trip out here from our hotel in vegas. Came here with a large group on a Monday night. Easy to get a table. It was fantastic. Quality of the seafood is great. And especailly great for an all you can eat sushi bar! Much better quality than the best buffets on the strip. The service was stellar. Manager Geo and server Mark made sure we were all taken care of! There are rules to the all you can eat sushi, so you need to plan well to get a nice variety of sushi. You need to finish all your sushi, or they will charge you, so don't over order. Even if you get a few rolls, it's totally worth it. You even get an amazing dessert. I recommend the tempura banana! If I lived here, I'd eat here all the time.
4	Great sushi spot.. I'd say this is comparable with I love sushi due to Sushi WA has all you can eat.. The sushi is just as good.. They also have very nice staff. My waitress is very kind and Funny.. Have to check this spot out.. I'd recommend the xxx roll.
5	This is one of the best sushi places in town. The all you can eat is so incredible! I've never felt so great leaving a sushi restaurant, this place will take care of all you sushi needs and more. Great staff, great atmosphere and great food. A must go for sushi lovers.
5	I love this place so much. The staff is very attentive and the food is so good! I love the ambience and decor. Very modern and cozy with the dim lights. All in all 5/5 in taste, comfort, and service!
5	Went for our Anniversary and this is usually always our spot to go eat Sushi and we honestly hadn't been in a long long time. We had Ricky "JJ" and he was just fabulous... Good to converse with and he made us a little anniversary surprise... Top Secret stuff! Just so much flavor and refreshing. It's great to return to a place and get the same excellent service and delicious meals. The fish is always top quality and fresh. Ahi Poke *best poke in town*Rose Roll *very fillingPepper Seared TunaSalmon Crunch RollRainbow Roll*Ricky's Original* Promised I would not give out secrets...
5	wowwwwww! Its so delicious! We really loved so much and will be back for sure! Its so good quality of sushi! Top 5 in my life!
5	We were looking for a late dinner on a Saturday and discovered this little gem..open until 12:30am..AYCE $25.  Excellent service.  Nice decor.  The food is delicious and well presented.  This is our new go-to for sure!  Easy parking, tucked away in a corner strip mall.
4	Looking for a new AYCE sushi and found this place.  Got seated right away, however, we were told that they had a lot of reservations so seating was limited.  Ordered our appetizers and first entrees.  Once the food started coming to the table, it all came at a nice pace.  Rolls were a bit loose, and tended to fall apart easily.  They were a bit large in portion as well, which makes it hard to eat.  They restrict how much of certain items you can have for each person and when we tried to order the Uni and was told they were out.  Service was very good, constantly clearing the dishes and taking orders for next course.  Overall, very good atmosphere, great service, good food.  No complaints.  Will be returning!
5	A friend invited us to try Sushi Wa a couple of years ago and we are still loving it!Great presentation! Nice interior, too bad it's in a strip mall.One caution, don't tell them "something REALLY spicy" you might get ghost peppers. It took a few hours for the heat to die down. :-)
3	Food 5 Stars - Service 3 stars.  We went on New Years Eve, and the restaurant was crowded... but not that crowded.  We had a reservation for 7 - they put us in a cramped rounded booth - maybe room for 5-6.  One server asked us for drinks, and then no one came to get our order... ten minutes later we asked the drink server, about ordering, and he said he wasnt' our server and left.  Finally after getting the managers attention, we got a server.   Anyway - seemed like we were an inconvenience to the manager.  She didn't smile once- looked irritated at everyone the whole time we were there.
4	We had a large party of 31, they were almost prepared with seating for 26, so we scrambled to find other chairs to seat our entire party.  We signed up for the all you can eat for all the adults and Alan carte for the. Kids.  The appetizers are good, spicy edamame, but the agadashi tofu was not good.  The sushi was good and their rolls are a good combo.  Their uni sushi did not seem right, and it was a bit greyish, I could eat the second one, oh and was told if I didn't finish it,i I would be charged extra...needless to say, I hid it in the napkin and tossed it under the table. Hubby said the short ribs, korean, was delish, the kids loved the udon noodles, the hamachi Kama was bony but good, calamari yummy.  They have a huge variety of dishes, sides, sushi and appetizers!  You will be sure to find something g delish to enjoy!
5	I love this place.  I love their AYCE but what sets it apart is also their cooked items are extensive and yummy.  I could eat their salmon collar all day long!  The fish is fresh and I love that they have a half price AYCE price for kids.  I love Goyemon also (esp. Bc they have half rolls) but I'm not paying $27 for my 4 year old!  Now if only I could get half rolls here......
4	Say it in a Snookie voice... "Sushi Waaaaaa". Wow, what a dated reference.This location is right next door to my barber and I've been wanting to try this place for the past couple of months. Sushi Wa has the basic look and feel of the old standard sushi bar, but with food items like the Super Spider Roll, Shrimp Killer, and the Superman Burrito Roll, needless to say the menu is far from basic. I rolled in (pun intended) around 3pm and the place was empty, perfect! My lunching partner and I sat at the bar and ordered a small meal because we were in a bit of rush. We stayed on the beaten path as far sushi orders go with Spicy Ahi Tuna Roll, Calamari Tempura Roll, and a bowl of Udon. Like I said, "we were in a rush", which now I realize is bad idea to go to a new place and not take the time to snack on their interesting and funky faire. The Calamari Tempura Roll was plated beautifully and set the tone for my hunger right off the bat. The large rolls filled with crab, avocado, and coated in a tasty fish sauce were not only easy on the eyes, but they didn't stand a chance against to my chopstick to mouth skills. This plate was accompanied with a generous helping tempura calamari along with little dollops of japanese mayo and dots of spicy oil in the center. Amazing!The Udon was a nice break from the calamari munching mayhem. The noodles were cooked to firm perfection and the broth would have been slurped down with a straw if the server would have obliged my gluttonous tendencies. The fish cakes and tempura veggies that came with soup were a welcomed addition to this large bowl of awesome. The Spicy Tuna Roll, fell flat. I mean like Wile E. Coyote falling from a cliff flat. So much so that I didn't finish it, which says a lot. Who doesn't finish sushi? I can't quite put my finger on it, but it just had an interesting texture and a weird flavor profile. This location still gets a 4 stars because just like the majority of the meal, the service was stellar and I didn't walk out feeling like my wallet was just bent over and taken advantage of. I will be back to try aforementioned rolls and this time there will be no time crunch, just seaweed wrapped, saki soaked, sushi eating enjoyable dining.
