4	If you are looking for a great wine shop, that you can also have dinner or share a bottle of wine and feel like you're not in Las Vegas anymore this is the spot.... Hidden in a Strip mall within Desert Shores this place has a deck that sits on the water...cool place for a change of pace...
5	Marche Bacchus is a hidden gem in the desert of Las Vegas.  Situated right next to a lake, this restaurant and wine shop is a fabulous place to enjoy a leisurely lunch (or dinner) with excellent company.For our dining enjoyment, my companion and I shared the Bacchus Grazing Platter ($18, Selection of Imported Cheese, Meats, Lobster Salad, Smoked Salmon, Olives, Fruit, Onion Marmalade served with French Baguette); Salad Bacchus ($8, Goat cheese Croutons, Mesclun salad, Pine Nuts, Beurre Rouge); and the Lobster Avacado Croissant ($9, Celery, sliced Tomatoes and Lemon Vinaigrette). The Bacchus Grazing Platter was a fabulous choice!  They offered three cheeses - brie, blue, and morbier.  The morbier was absolutely delicious, but the blue was a bit too crumbly for my choice.  This is an excellent choice if you're ordering wine too.  (We had to pass, it was our first meal of the day.)  The Lobster Avocado Croissant was stuffed with lots of lobster salad.  Very yummy, but I would have wanted a bit more avocado in my sandwich.  (It is called a Lobster Avocado Croissant after all.)  A side of Caesar salad accompanied this sandwich.  Last to arrive was the Bacchus Salad.  After already dining on the wine platter and the sandwich, we could have done without the salad.  My companion did enjoy the goat cheese croutons, but the salad was average.  The great thing about this place is that you can go through their wine selection (they are a wine shop after all), pick a bottle of wine and enjoy that bottle with your meal.  (There's a $10 corkage fee.)  Service was okay.  Our waiter was average.  He never bothered telling us the daily special or anything.  The waitress who took over his shift was much better and a lot more pleasant.  I could hear her interactions with the other diners was much more impressed with her customer service skills than our waiter.And of course, please sit outside when dining here, especially for lunch.  With a shaded area and a mist, it's not hot out and the view of the lake makes it a fabulous place to just sit, relax, eat, drink, and just immerse yourself in the company of your dining companion(s).It can easily be a romantic spot if you let it be, or go with friends and enjoy a couple of glasses of wine.  They are soon to be offering wine tasting events in the near future which I would definitely be interested if I were in the area more often.Eat, drink, and be merry!They are open for Sunday brunch (10 am to 3 pm); Lunch (10:30 am to 4 pm) and Dinner (4:30pm-10pm).(Check out the photos of our meal above!)
5	this is another one of the best kept secrets here in vegas.  it is located on the outskirts of the summerlin area called desert shores.  right when you walk in youll notice that it is a wine shop with a fantastic selection.  pass on through the end and youll see a small restaurant with outdoor patio seating overlooking a small blue lake.  my lovely date and i started off with the grazing platter, which had a variety of cheese, such as brie, blue cheese, and morbier (completely new to me...pungent and delicious), salami, lobster salad, smoked salmon, olives, apples, onion marmalade, and sweet pickles.  we then continued with the lobster avocado croissant (my mouth is watering right now)   we finished with the bacchus salad which had these great flavorful croutons, and yummy goat cheese.  i just love goat cheese.  i will definitely return to this place again for lunch or dinner.  i heard that i have to try the mussels and have order a bottle of wine.    i think it will be another lovely date with her again...12/15/06-i just went to dinner last night...holy WOW!!!  i had the grazing platter again, which complemented our tuscan wine so tastefully, especially bringing out the flavors of the pate.  for an entree, i ordered the ctelettes de porc, which was a grilled bone-in pork chop crispy and crusted with the sharp goat cheese and pine nuts, served with sauted green Beans, toasted almonds and roasted garlic demi-glace (with whole garlic cloves)!!!  and for dessert....Tarte Tatin, an upside down (very sour) apple tart sweetened with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce.  the crme brule a la Vanille was eh all right. the cateau au chocolat had a warm fudge brownie with warm cherry compote, where you would dunk each bite into shot of warm chocolate milk...yum-yum...i also loved the crusty edged bread pudding au chocolate, so each bite consisted of melted chocolate, with chewy bread that was crunchy on the outsidel.  so, now i have upgraded this place to a five star.  the prices aren't outrageous...the wine selection is huge, and since it is winter they still have outdoor seating but under a heated clear plastic tent, so you can still enjoy the view of the lake.  like i said before, i will be returning to this place again...with my lovely dining companion...i cant wait....i wonder if she feels the same way, too...
5	Off the strip and off the beaten path.  At the edge of Summerlin off the 95 at Buffalo to Desert Shores, a planned community on a man made lake.  This amazing french restaurant is a locals favorite.  It sits on the lake with inside and outside bistro seating.  The wine store in the front of the house is the most complete you will find in vegas. The food here is authentic french.  Omelettes like you will find in Paris (the french can cook an egg, so please folks, don't ruin this one by ordering it eggs white only!!!).  Amazing charcuterie as well as stand-bys like onion soup and hachis parmentier (sheperds pie).  Great spot for outdoor dining.
5	If you are ever in Vegas, just driving thru and need an emergency place to eat to simply find peace and great service with a nice European touch, you can't beat Marche Bacchus.Located away from the glamour and gaudy strip, this is a store that sells fine wines of many varieties but it is also a wonderful lakeside brunch place.  I was here last month on a mildly warm 80 degree Vegas spring day and there couldn't be a better place than on the patio covered under the shade of gently nodding trees and in the company of a touching zephyr breeze amind the cyan colored artificial lake.The service is perfect.  You don't feel rushed, but at the same time, when you order, your food is there pretty quickly.  The menu is simple to read with typical french classics like French Onion soup, but the wines are superb as well.  The desserts, especially the bread pudding, are sinful and I really didn't want to leave.This is a wonderful place to dine at if you are passing thru Vegas.  I was on my way to Flagstaff and was revitalized by this place.
3	My first visit here was awesome; however, I went back last week with a friend and was somewhat disappointed. The restaurant was recently sold.  So, the new owners and chef have already changed the menu with the claim of taking the restaurant to the next level.   The food was average and service was poor.  We had to ask for bread & butter.  Also, apple tart was suppose to be served with vanilla ice cream instead server brought it with mango ice cream.  He stated, that the kitchen made the decision to substitute since they ran out of vanilla?  They obviously have some work to do.  Of course, wine can cure many ills.
5	Half wine shop, half french restaurant; this Desert Shores Epicurean delight is 100% terrific.  It isn't everyday you stumble upon a little spot like this where you can get a croque monsieur or a nice french cheese plate to go with a terrific wine selection.  You can pick a wine from the store side and the corkage fee is just 10 bucks.  The patio overlooks the lake and is an idyllic setting for a leisurely lunch.
2	Although the ambiance, wine store and service is superb, I find this to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Las Vegas. To describe the food as lack luster is actually kind. The onion soup I had was bland and the lobster croissant sandwich was an affront to good seafood. I specifically asked about the quality of the lobster meat and was assured that is was "wonderful". When the sandwich arrived it had the shredded consistency of canned lobster and the bread was a cheap croissant that was way too buttery (not even close to the pastry pictured in the photos from the restaurant). It was the first time I can remember actually being angry at my lunch.The wine shop , however, is excellent and they only charge $10 for a corkage fee. Although,  I can't understand why they don't have a wine list. You are forced walk around the shop to find what you want, which is usually a wonderful, but occasionally I find that it would be nice to have a list to guide you.
4	After looking for a particular wine around town (Tobin James), I finally found a bottle here at Marche Bacchus.  The staff was very helpful, the selection was good, and the prices seemed fair.  I'll definitely be back to pick up some more wine from this spot.
3	The concept is great, and the location is grand . . . but,Had some pretty bad service here at lunch.That aside, the food was good (although we had to send a steak back) and the small markup on wine is a great way to spend an afternoon.For a couple of dude's spending $300 at lunch though, it would have been nice to not have to flag someone down for everything.Enjoy the lake, and the retail pricecd wine, and you'll have a grand old time.
4	I showed up here the day after it snowed in Las Vegas to find that it was too cold to sit outside by the fire overlooking the lake. So we sat inside and had a bottle of bubbly. The food is fair but the idea of the place and the atmosphere is fantastic. Buy the wine retail and add $10 to drink it in the dining room. Cool! We had the fettuccine pesto with chicken and it was hearty but otherwise not flavorful enough. The moules frites were perfectly cooked and my favorite dish of the evening. The paella dish didn't have enough paella! The flavor was quite good though.The service we had was fine. Of course,... we were only one of 2 tables on a Thursday night.
4	Amazing location! Sitting out on the patio overlooking the lake is breathtaking and makes you forget you're in Vegas. They have a great selection of wine in the store and are really helpful if you need some help making a choice. Great place to stop by after work for a drink with friends or a romantic dinner with the boyfriend.
4	We had a 5 course tasting menu while dining at Marche Bacchus. Our first course was a seared scallop with caviar on top and a micro green salad on the side. It was so sweet and delicately cooked to perfection. Our second course was a duck done 3 ways dish.  On top a very generous portion of foie gras that was crispy and so melt-in your mouth soft in the center. Third was the meat course, I'm a beginning eat meater for my filet was a little under done but to everyone else it was cooked well. Lastly they brought out an espresso cake with liquid chocolate ganash on the side to pour over it, it was perfection.We found a couple of bottles of wine and that my partner said were very well priced to enjoy over dinner. Great selection of wine by the glass along with their bottles. The manager was very well knowledged and didn't pick out the most expensive bottle when we asked him for suggestions, but picked out bottles that best fit the description of the wine we wanted to purchase.The wine shop offers *FREE* wine tasting on Saturday mornings from 1130-230.  It's never really crowed, but  a good way to get people interested in the restaurant and wine shop.Can't wait to eat there again!
4	Superior Food. Superior Service. Unique Atmosphere. Critically Expensive.^^^ The story is short.vvv The story is long.This is a true fine dining experience. A "French" Restaurant experience. If you don't know what that means or even care, skip this review and find somewhere else to hang out. For the uninitiated, the price tag alone can give a heart attack. My girlfriend and I wracked up just shy of $200 with an appropriate tip for dinner...just the two of us.  This experience can basically be summed up by combining a very proud chef with a huge, small-lot wine cellar offered at retail. You dine at Marche Bacchus because you want to be serenaded by ducks lakeside...our table was spitting distance to the water...with a babbling brook behind us. You dine at Marche Bacchus because you want an Angus Ribeye cooked EXACTLY PERFECTLY AS YOU ORDERED IT, not overcooked. You dine at Marche Bacchus because you want to celebrate a fine event. You dine at Marche Bacchus because you have $200 extra dollars you don't know what to do with. You dine at Marche Bacchus because it is, by and large, the epitome of fine dining Las Vegas has to offer.According to one popular knowledge compendium website ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Diamond_Award ) , "the AAA Five Diamond Award is the highest level of the AAA Diamond Ratings System for restaurants and lodgings administered by AAA (formerly known as the American Automobile Association). For 2008, AAA Five Diamond properties total 160 (100 hotels and 60 restaurants) ... of the 60,000 AAA Diamond Rated lodgings and restaurants..."I can just bet if there was justice in the world, Marche Bacchus would have made it 161 properties if it were indeed reviewed in 2008.On Yelp, I rate this 4 of 5 stars, not because the restaurant is substandard in any way. If I were independantly wealthy (aka More Money Than God), I wouldn't care. But I do care, and I'm not so well off.  So, 4 stars means "Yay! I'm a Fan", and it is what it is.Now, if I were an independant restaurateur with pedigree and pride at a Lakeside Location and with a Retail Wine Collection like Marche Bacchus, I wouldn't care that people who weren't independantly wealthy couldn't afford to eat at my restaurant or buy my wines, because for them I would think it would be a once-in-a-lifetime experience with a once-in-a-lifetime price tag.I would gladly serve them Escargot as appetizers and cook them the best cut of meat I could to my own exacting standards and have them attended by wonderfully trained professional caretakers/waiters (like the one we met tonight named "Ian"), then gladly collect their $200 and send them on their way knowing I made the world a better place for them and for the culinary community.
2	I find the food here completely overrated.  I have been here several times. The Napa cabbage salad was boring and bland. A bunch of shredded cabbage tossed in dressing topped with dry, flavorless chicken. Honestly, I have had a better salad from Chili's (and without the ducks begging for bread). Second time was for dinner.  I had the Seafood Paella. Now, I am by no means a food snob.  I sneak the occasional Del Taco.  But the seafood was extremely overcooked, the rice was dry and sticky and the seasoning left much to be desired. The wine shop is great and I usually like sitting outside by the lake.  For the price, I would go elsewhere.
4	I've been here numerous times over the last 8 years but had yet to go to their happy hour.  The wines are not that inexpensive:  $8 for Chateau Monfort Vouvray Chenin Blanc & Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc to go along with the $9 happy hour specials of cheese plate, lobster monte cristo & a few other items.  On Fri they have jazz from 5-7 but the happy hr is 5-8 on M-F.  So it's a tasty bite & drink which was fun on a Fri nite so you can still go out esp if you need to get in early for Sat.
4	Tasty scallops, peaceful lake side view and they accomodated for my gluten-free needs which I appreciate.
4	Came here for wine tasting and dinner with a group of 20 women.  It was the perfect compliment to a decidely un-Vegas bachelorette party weekend.  Our group had a private, tented, heated "room" out on the patio, which was quite lovely on a chilly April evening.  The waitstaff was beyond attentive, and our wine glasses were never empty.  They also did a great job of teaching us about the wines we were tasting, and explaining why those particular wines had been chosen to compliment our meal.  I could have been happy with just the bread basket and soup du jour, but the rest of the meal was perfectly lovely as well.Although I'm not sure it would be worth the pricey cab ride to trek out here from the strip (we were just down the road at Red Rock, so it wasn't much of a drive), I'd recommend Marche Bacchus to anyone local or staying nearby.
3	I unfortunately have to downgrade this restaurant to a 3 star and that is mostly based on location. Previous owners I have to say were 5 star all the way! Sadly the food and service is just not the same.The food is good now but that is all just....good.A glass of wine and a cheese plate overlooking the lake with a decent server is all I expect now of my once beloved Marche Bacchus.
3	I still love the concept of a $10 corkage fee for any bottle of wine. But I have to say, the service is a shot in the dark. Sometimes you get nice people at the counter when you buy wine... other times you get pretentiousness.Sometimes the food servers are attentive. Sometimes they're not. It's hit and miss.
3	Ok, hands down one of the more beautiful locations to eat at located in a Vegas suburb but dam# it , I need amazing food to match the atmosphere.  Ate gumbo soup it was so salty, blah. Had mussels they were decent. Had crab cakes, bland taste with no lump crab meat only shredded. Had escargot, not served in the shells? I thought that was a little weird, tasted as they usually do, again average. Had jambalaya it was tasty but nothing to write home about. Service was polite but  rather sparse.  This was assessment was after driving over 30 miles from Henderson, I was starving! Anyway, maybe if I lived closer I would be a little more forgiving but its just not worth the effort for me. BTW very cool concept of picking your wine from the store for your dinner. I am excited about their neighbor Garfield's, got a very  good artichoke appetizer, excellent service, wish I had eaten dinner there. Will be driving back to eat at Garfield's NOT Marche Bacchus.
5	Finally! The meal I have been waiting for in Las Vegas.  Amazing atmosphere, delicious food, exceptional service, and a reasonable price tag. Do yourself a favor and eat here tonight!I will first reiiterate what others have said...the wine shop in the front is such a great idea.  The store has an excellent selection and something for every price range.  My one regret was that we had to drive home and I  couldnt enjoy this feature even more.  My boyfriend and I started with the beet salad.  It was light, flavorful, and beautifully presented.  I was impressed with how the chef paired the fish with the beets so succesfully. For the entree my boyfriend had the cod.  It was smooth and buttery and served on a lovely pilaf.  I have to say my entree- a special that evening- was certainly the best.  Salmon with a wasabi creme sauce served over soba noodles with chunks of lobster...my mouth is watery just remembering it!We decided on the bread pudding for dessert and the 20 minute wait time gave us a chance to sober up before the drive home.  The pudding reminded me of my mom's - served piping hot with lovely hints of cimmamon and a delightfully sweet warm rum sauce (i think i could have drank that sauce as a cocktail!)Last but certainly not least...the atmosphere.  It was a breath of  fresh air to sit lakeside and watch the sun set as our spirits rose.  If you want a romantic, memorable, delicious dinner head to Marche Bacchus tonight!
5	A hidden gem off the Strip.  One of the most fun meals I've had in a long time.  This place is located on the water. Yes, WATER - in Vegas!  Grab a table outside and you're likely to hear live music during dinner (most nights, not sure if all) while gazing out at the water.Wine lover?  That's the next best (best?) part.  The wine shop is adjacent (part of?) the restaurant and you're welcome to stroll the aisles to pick out your bottle at retail prices plus a $10 corking fee. Bonus!Wine AND water.  In Vegas.  To music.Oh, the food? Excellent. We just went with the specials of the night, finishing up with their fantastic bread pudding (which I'm usually not a big fan of). Then again, we were on bottle three by dessert...My new favorite Summerlin spot.  Will be back soon to comment more.UPDATE 9/22: I only return to restaurants if I like them (obviously) but I rarely return to a restaurant two days later unless I absolutely LOVE it. And yes, I went back two days later to try their Sangria Sunday.Sundays bring more live music and Sangria added to the menu. Also added to the menu are 4 tapas (small plate) items that ranged from $7 to $11 each on this visit.We sampled 3 of the 4 tapas dishes (some twice) and their outstanding escargot.  Kobe Beef Meatballs in a roasted tomato sauce...mmmmm.  The homemade sausage plate however was the best sausage I've ever had. Yes, great sausage.This trip was finished off with the waiter's recommendation of the flourless chocolate cake, which we were going to skip based on the menu description. But don't skip it - fantastic if you like chocolate!Live music, great drinks, great food, while dining on an outdoor patio set on the water? Yup, I'll be back AGAIN soon.
4	This place is a hidden gem. It's almost as if you were in another place entirely. The French inspired cuisine is simple and clean. Definitely a place for good brunch with your loved ones. I had the lobster roll it was delicious. There's a great outdoor seating area overlooking the lake, inside is very casual adjacent to a mini wine store.
3	Went here with friend because it was her fav.Who would've guessed a lakeside french bistro in LV...With a great wine list!Really good choices and food and didnt feel like LV!
4	The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice, although our table for 2 was a little small. Our waiter was fantastic. I had a spinach salad with warm chorizo dressing that was phenomenal, the little goat cheese crouton on the side was a nice compliment. My husband really liked his french onion soup (they now use their own veal stock from what the waiter told us) that is all fresh ingredients. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that my husband's turkey panini came with tomatoes, and it doesn't say that on the menu. He HATES tomatoes with a passion. My apple crumble was pretty good, I could tell it was fresh apples and not from a can, but not the best I've ever had.
3	Another for the Hidden Gem File!This is possibly one of the most obscure dining destinations in Las Vegas , but well worth the trek off the strip and into suburbia.  Located on the banks of a man made lake in the West side of the Valley, and well hidden.  If you don't know where this is, you will never find it.  Best part is my mother, age 79, had this in her bag of tricks.You enter into a wine store replete with rows of wine bins and, I must say, a fairly nice selection of wines and affordable prices.  Now, the great part.  You exit the back of the store onto a large dining patio that is terraced to the water, fireplace, lakeside etc etc.   Very nice , beautiful and comfortable.    Our server, Kelly, a Los Angeles transplant, was knowledgeable and very informative.  We started with a Napa Silver Oak for $95 then on to Prisoner cab for $65.00, nice glasses and presentation with a serene view of the lake and sky.The bad part :(.  Food is not worthy of the ambiance and wine selection.  We had the upgraded wine and cheese platter, which included two pate (one pork and one pork and chicken), a lobster salad (not good) Quince jam, apple slices, very fishy Salmon and some very fatty and warm salami.  We gave it another chance and ordered the escargot (flavorless) and the mussels.  Mussels were tender but not much flavor.Ambiance         5Wine Selection  4Service               4Food                    1 Overall               3 and I will be back!
4	On Sunday my husband and I went to a picture perfect lakeside brunch in Desert Shores at Marche Bacchus. I am falling in love with this commecial center's 'restaurant row' each time we go, as I find it a much needed escape from our natural desert landscape (the desert has it's beauty, but the life that flourishes in and amongst this artificial oasis is a refreshing change). The beautiful weather this time of year certainly makes this particular outdoor eatery more appealing, but the food makes it worthy of a return no matter the season.Although I have eaten at Marche Bacchus a handful of times within the past few years, I hadn't been back recently because the old chef seemed to let things slip. The new chef, however, has revived this hot spot for traditional French cuisine, and a decorator has stepped in and made the cafe/wine store into a place you can easily spend a few hours in. Since this location is becoming a popular place to host weddings, today we tried something old and something new, something cold and something, well, pink.There were actually two something olds, the french onion soup ($8) and the moulles frites (steamed mussels with fries, $15). The French onion soup was served traditionally in a brown and white clay bowl textured by crisp gruyere baked around its edges. The veal stock was rich and seemed salty at first, but as the soup began to cool from its bubbling state the flavors emerged revealing a layer of acidity we intially mistook for overseasoning. It was definitely one of those dishes that gets better and better the more you eat. Sadly, however, the moules weren't as impressive. Although the mussels were cooked well, the broth was weak and didn't coat them enough to give any additional flavor. It was served in the appropriate cast iron vessel, but this pot was really too small to allow you to get the liquid in each bite. The frittes on the other hand were teriffic, but I would have preferred a traditional aoli as an accompaniment rather than plain old American ketchup.The something cold was the Lobster Avocado Croissant ($12), which was incredibly difficult to find any fault with. The buttery and golden brown croissant was light (can light be used to describe a croissant?), but despite this was not overpowered by the lobster filling. There is no mayonnaise used in the salad, according to the waiter, making the dish all the more impressive as there is a definite creaminess to it. The salad was composed of big chunks of lobster bound by less desirable (yet still tasty) knuckle meat enhanced with crunchy, finely chopped celery and shallots. It was served with a delicately dressed salad that upped the fresh factor and colored the plate.The something new was the sake Bloody Mary ($9.50) Ian had, which rivaled that of Hash House for the best in town (note: they don't use vodka at March Bacchus because they only have a wine and beer license). This one doesn't have the jalapeno stuffed olives and tangy cornichons, but it does contain an ample amount of real horseradish that gives an unexpected punch, differing greatly from the usual tobasco and black pepper that give heat to most (think spiked cocktail sauce). The something pink was my Kir Royale ($8) which was a relative bargain but a touch on the sweet side for my taste. It didn't matter though, becuase the color looked so beautiful in contrast to the background of blue sky and green palm fronds (see below).To top off the lovely meal, the service was wonderful. Our waiter even brought over a heat lamp to combat the mild, cool breeze without us having to ask. I could have done without the artificial strand of sunflowers that wrapped the bridge, but I guess the whole scene is fairly artificial so it didn't bother me too much. The ambiance actually adds tremendously to the meal, because despite the faux flowers and what not, you are surrounded by running water, several turtles, large carp, and a beautiful black swan. If you come here I insist you pick a day when the weather is just right and make the most of the money you're spending by lingering over a deliciously beautiful afternoon.
2	Went there with a party of 9.  I heard they had had some good press and according to the waitress had been overwhelmed with business.  The service was SO SLOW that we were there almost 4 hours and not by choice.  Not once did a manager or owner show up to offer an apology.  The food was better than average, however by the time we got our meals we would have thought a boiled work boot tasty.  I won't ever return but hope that they hire enough staff to give better service.  There are a ton of quality employees looking for jobs.  Hire some if business is so good!!
5	Great Staff, good food, nice atmosphere, and great live jazz saxophone playing in the background.  We came here from L.A. and we tried this place as a surprise treat for my boyfriend.  It's a very welcoming atmosphere and a very nice escape away from the strip.  I also appreciate their accommodations that were made when I mentioned that it was a boyfriend's birthday.  It was a wonderful experience and we hope to return again soon someday.
3	I'm disappointed with my trip here tonight...Took my mom out for a nice dinner out on the patio. The service was awful. The waitress was inattentive, a bit snide, and forgetful.We ordered duck breast and lamb chops.The duck was rare although I asked for medium. The sauce was too sweet and overwhelming.The lamb chops were okay, mediocre at best.Don't know what went wrong. We left dinner feeling so unsatisfied.At least the view remained the same.
5	I love this little french wine shop and bistro.  This place is unique and is the best place I have found to have a romantic evening hands down.  It is probably the best specialty wine shop in town too.  You walk in to a great fairly large wine shop, it's not the cheapest place but you get fantastic wines.  I mean you'll spend less at trader joe's but you get a larger more upsclale selection, typically they have french and california wines and I would guess 80% of them are between 16-50 bucks and most of the stuff you don't see everywhere else.  For an extra 10 bucks you can have the wine with your meal, so for 35 bucks you get a real good wine with dinner and for 50 to 60 you get a great wine that would probably cost you well over a hundred easy anywhere else.  The food here is well made french bistro food, it's not "oh my god amazing life changing" but I have had some things here that have been awesome and everything else has been real tasty to say the least.  They do have an apple crumb dessert that is awesome and i once had scallops with fresh pea risotto that I still remember as one of the best things I have ever tasted (seasonal).  Typically we get a bottle of wine, snack on a cheese platter or appetizer and split an entree or something for well under a 100 bucks.     On an evening when we have nice mild weather you must go and sit on the patio overlooking the "lake" and have a nice dinner.  Even when it isn't ideal they have misters or heaters or you could always sit inside that is also still real nice. The staff has always been great.  We have been going here for years but recently we have been going more often and the waitress we typically have is very friendly and remembered us by our second time around.  Saturdays they have wine tastings also and if you register your email they send you updates about different events that they have often.5 stars not because the food is as good as is gets but the place is definitely as good as is gets.
4	While I'm a fan, we don't eat here very often. That said, it's a lovely venue, if you can sit outside on the lake; and the food's goth good and imaginative, though pricey. Don't take your kids here -- they annoy me in upper in restaurants.
4	My go-to spot.I have been coming to Marche Bacchus since before they even served dinner; when it was first and foremost a wine shop run by Gregoire.  When they expanded, I worried they would lose focus on bringing in fantastic Burgundies (which, btw, this place the BEST selection of in town).  Instead, they eased my fears and executed a simple menu that you could enjoy with the wines they sold.  As the menu grew and ownership changed, the operation did nothing but improve.  Sure, I could nitpick about things I'd like to see or change on the menu, but that would be counter-productive, as they are always making tweaks.  Portions are huge, prices reasonable.  My most recent visit was for lunch, and we had French Onion Soup (great flavor, though I would have loved more cheese), escargot (mmmm), lobster croissant (huge and filled with lots of lobster meat), poulet frites (fork tender and really juicy) and a ham & brie sandwich (really just ham and cheese, but good and tasty, nonetheless).  For desert, we had an enormous serving of lemon bar.  It was HUGE and more than enough for three people.I absolutely LOVE the fact that you can buy any wine in the place and have it with your meal for $10 (and they'll also allow you to bring wines from your own collection, as well).  It makes it almost irresistible for me to suppress my inner wine geek.  Wine with food?  This is my go-to spot.
5	On a Monday night I chastised my father for making reservations and even calling to confirm; but sure enough when we arrived it was a bit busier than I thought it would be, maybe it had something to do with the live music.Our server for the evening was French through and through and quite witty, and not a hint of snobbery- not to mention exceedingly skilled at his job. The Escargot, though recommended with bread by our server, was delicious alone, rich and soft with just the right amount of garlic to enhance its taste.Now I have been here 4 or 5 times, 3 since the current owners have taken over, and they always recognize/ accomodate their regulars. Marche Bacchus is a unique experience in that you can browse a really incredible array of wines before dinner and enjoy them with your meal for a $10 corkage fee- which is waived on Mondays. Excellent at any time of day, sitting outside is really a treat- And when it gets darker opt for the upper level patio as the lighting is optimal.They have wonderful meat and cheese platters and some of the best Bread Pudding I have ever tasted- I literally order it in advance because it does take some time to make and I always want it. This would be the perfect for Romantic Date Ambiance, complete with impeccable service and all for such a great price.
4	Fantastic view of the beautiful water. The place to be, if you need to escape the desert. The food was nicely done, good presentation and taste. The waiter was a bit slow, but overall good. This is a great place for a date, or a place to bring your parents when they come to visit. The wine selection is right from the wine shop you walk through to get to the tables out back by the lake.  They have misters so even on a 100 degree day it feels comfortable.
4	Made reservations for a Friday dinner for my folks and I to celebrate my lil' brother's HS graduation. What a great night. Walked through the wine shop amongst some great bottles and we were seated by the water. I tried the duck breast and it was pretty good. Would have likes a little salad too or something else to balance out the sweetness of the sauce, but all in all, good times. Had a glass of Tempranillo which went perfectly with the meal. We shared the bread pudding and a a creme brule to finish things off. Everyone had a great meal and a great time. Will come for more.
3	I like Marche Bacchus a lot. But I definitely go there for the food, the wine and the view, not the service. We've been there numerous times and each time it seems the service gets a little worse. Our first server there was great, friendly, fast, and always smiling! I found the  food on that visit was simply mediocre, though my fiance really enjoyed it, so we went back again. From that point onward, the food got better as the service just got worse. Our most recent time, our waiter completely forgot to give us water and it took over half an hour just to get our meals! This was at lunchtime, and both of us had ordered simple soup and sandwich combos, in a mostly empty patio, so I really don't think it's excusable. The sandwiches were great, though I thought the chilled soup much too sweet: almost like a melted ice cream.Anyway, I definitely recommend this place to anyone that isn't in a rush and has an hour and a half to two hours to spend in a picturesque setting with delicious french food. The bread pudding is to DIE for!
5	Hubby wanted some kind of brunch today with a view.  After about 10 minutes of burning some brain cells, I finally remembered this restaurant by a pond or lake off of Buffalo.If you are in need of a nice sit down, take your time brunch with a view, this is the place to be.I ordered 3 poached eggs in this wine reduction sauce of mushrooms, ham bits and shallots.  My taste buds were in heaven!  Hubby ordered the steak and eggs with potatoes which were just as tasty.And of course we had apple crumb with vanilla ice cream for dessert.This bistro has many different types of wine, (I had an Italian Pinot Grigio with my meal).It was over 100 degrees but very comfortable in the outside seating under the shade with mist spraying.  Beautiful big lake with swans, carp and these cute little turtles.The food, ambiance, and waiter all made it a 5 star restaurant!
4	One of the most un-Vegas dining experiences around.  I never thought this kind of place would be in Summerlin of all places!!  The lake atmosphere was certainly the highlight of the experience...what is it with dining in front of a body of water that makes the experience so much better??Menu was interesting..I wouldn't say it was French but it was decent.  I had the appetizer of the day which was duck with cornmeal, bleu cheese and jalapenos which was a very interesting and unique combo.  My wife got the onion soup which was certainly different.  The broth was the thickest of any onion soup we had seen and the waitress was saying the veal stock they use makes quite a difference in the taste.  Pretty robust but really good..perfect for dipping the bread into.  We were in a meat kinda mood so we got the filet and veal which were both great.  Too stuffed for dessert.  Definitely want to try the meat/cheese plates next time..maybe for lunch.  Saving $25 from restaurant.com was awesome too.    Wine store is great..we're not wine connoisseurs at all so just got a bottle that was reaonsably priced.  Great place to getaway from Vegas for a couple of hours.
3	This place is OK the wait staff are a bit pretentious (please this is not the best place) Hubby and I had lunch here and it was good, liked the snails, so we booked for Valentines and it was a disaster.  We were squashed in inside, the food took ages and the final straw was when the waiter tried to push past behind my husbands chair.  Tried it again and were disappointed again, my meal was almost cold:( won't be going back to inconsistant.
4	What a pretty place with a view!  I took my French-born mother here for lunch on Friday.  She enjoyed the crab Louie salad with a generous portion of avocado.  I had the moules (mussels) appetizer (basically, with no frites).  Prices were reasonable.  The juices from the mussels (white wine butter Italian parsley goodness) were sopped up with the bread brought to the table.  Service was great.  I would love to return for dinner and wine (eyeing the foie gras appetizer and the beet salad!)  They also have beef tartare on the menu which always sounds good to me!
4	I really want to give them 5 stars, but our food didn't come out for an hour!!Plenty of beautiful patio seating on the lake, with cool misters and swanky lounge music.   Very comfortable, even in the desert heat.  Twinkly lights and a garden trellises woven throughout the patio make for a romantic, lush setting.  Menu is fairly common French fare, scallops and risotto in lobster sauce was creamy and delicious.  Bonus: real French waiter! Beware the wine-by-the-glass conversion to bottle price which somehow didn't add up right.  You're better off buying out of the wine shop.Our waiter comped us dessert for our long wait for dinner....Some chocolate decadence and their signature bread pudding... both delicious.  $200 for a bottle of wine and dinner for 2.  2.5 hours of blissful ambiance that felt like we were 1000 miles from Las Vegas.
4	Went to my favorite little spot by the lake at Desert Shores last friday the 17th with some clients of mine. I was hoping to have the (French Guy) Stephan but, he was, unfortunately for us, on vacation. We made due with our waiter who lacked the color and attention of Stephan. But anyway, the food as always, at least when I'm here, was flawless. The photos I took with my iPhone were not up to my standards so forgive me for not posting.Will be taking my Pro Canon everywhere I go from now on no matter how obnoxious that that be.We started with the simple Romaine Salad, crisp and fresh. Then moved right into to main course. I had the Pasta Jambalya, the spice in this dish creeps up on you. It took a couple of bites before it hit me. This Entree came with three Jumbo Shrimp, plenty of chicken and sausage and tossed with Fettuccini pasta in a roasted tomato cream.My clients also enjoyed their dinner. I didn't have a taste and can only say that  they had the Grilled Scotttish Salmon and the Grilled Veal Chop.We all finished with the simple but great Bread Pudding.
4	Marche Bacchus is probably the most romantic restaurant around Summerlin area. The restaurant is right on the lake and they still use real candles on the table and the ceiling lights was just perfect. Very relaxed and quiet. The service was amazing as always, and our waiter knows all the wines they have inside out. PEPPERCORN FILET MIGNON Pan Seared Beef Tenderloin with a Creamy Peppercorn Sauce & Potato Gratin The steak was good, but no surprises. If you like really simple tasting steak, this would be ideal. The potato gratin was done beautifully and super creamy. GRILLED VEAL CHOP Served with Truffled Gnocchi, Wild Mushrooms & English Pea Coulis The Veal chop itself was perfect. However, the gnocchi was too soft, and obviously fresh made. Couldn't really taste the truffle at all. Honestly, the entire meal was tiny bit disappointing because the previous experiences had been absolutely perfect.
4	Great even for lunch!Brought my grandmother here for a beautiful birthday lunch. The crab salad croissant was absolutely amazing! It was not very busy when we went but then again it was 1pm on a Monday. It is so nice and peaceful to dine in the open air with a view of the lake. I saw an advertisement for live flamenco guitar on certain evenings. I would love to go back for that. The only issue was the hostess was very rude and did not even acknowledge us when we walked in. The phone was ringing and she made that a priority even though she made eye contact with us. Then she began to freak out over some scheduling issue with the person on the phone. It is not life and death, lady. It would have been nice not to see that happen.
4	Our first visit to Marche Bacchus was to celebrate my birthday, so we went this past Saturday night.  My husband had gone there a week earlier to make the reservation, to be sure of getting a table by the lake.  The reservation was for 7:30, but I was running late, as usual.  He called and asked if we could change it for 8:00.  "Sure, just don't be late."We were five minutes early.  The hostess informed us that it would be "just a few minutes."  So we waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  After about 20 minutes, and being told it would be "very soon," we were offered a really crummy table. We declined. Jeff, the owner - who's now famous after being on Pawn Stars as the "wine expert" -  helped us choose what turned out to be the perfect bottle of Riesling, and it sat on a table inside, waiting along with us, getting as warm as we were getting hot under the collar.Wendy, Jeff's wife, was very friendly and solicitous.  She said she had the perfect table picked out for us, but the foursome, who had long finished eating, drinking, and paying their bill, just wouldn't leave.  She didn't want to be rude and incur their wrath and ask them to leave.  Wendy did offer us a glass of champagne while we waited, but we turned it down, since we'd be drinking that bottle of wine.  And so we continued to wait.  After very nearly an hour, and after I'd told Wendy that my patience was wearing thin and that my birthday celebration was being ruined, she got the brilliant idea to offer THEM a glass of champagne at the bar if they'd relinquish their table.  They got up immediately, and I never did find out if they had that drink.The table was great - spacious, since we were two at a table for four - and right next to the lake.  This was the dimmer part of the patio, which suited us fine - we thought the upper part was too brightly lit.  But of course I couldn't see the ducks very well.  Oh well, I wasn't planning to have duck, anyway.Our server, Jason (I think), was perfectly competent, though not overly friendly.  We ordered the warm spinach salad, and he had the kitchen split it for us.  It was super, but turned out not really big enough to share.I had the trout, and it ranked up there with some of the best I've ever had.  Sometimes filet of trout has bones, and this baby had not a single one.  It was topped with a balsamic drizzle, some crabmeat, and a few leaves of fresh spinach.  It was a good-sized portion, and the half I took home tasted as delicious the next night.My husband had the petite filet mignon.  He liked it, but when I tasted it I thought it could have been more tender.  I also found the pomme frites perfectly ordinary, just a notch above Mickey D's.What really irked me was that after our long, long wait, I thought we should have been comped a dessert, only because Wendy knew it was my birthday and that it was close to being ruined.  That little touch would have left me with a much better feeling about Marche Bacchus.  I'm still giving it four stars - and wouldn't have raised it to five just for a free dessert - but the taste in my mouth would have been so much sweeter.
1	The setting was beautiful and the niceness of the experience ended there.  The escargot was mediocre at best. The fillet was thin, mealy as if it were old (or just plain bad meat), and was cooked to a perfect medium-- which was sad since it was ordered medium rare, which was apparently much to the dismay of the server, who's attitude quickly turned sour.  When that didn't seam to go over well, we didn't send the scallop risotto back, which was fishy and had sand in it. Gross.
5	This French Bistro offers blissful views, wonderful food, and an incredible wine selection.  The main draw here is difficult to isolate, since Marche Bacchus succeeds on all fronts.  Wine - The restaurant has coolers and crates of wine and champagne for every palate.  DIners can speak to the knowledgable staff, choose a new bottle to try with the meal, and take a few more home if its a winner.Food - The lunch menu offers a few classics executed masterfully.  The French Onion Soup, Croque Monsiuer, and Tuna Sandwich are all perfect for a satisfying lunch.  The The Scottish Salmon with mushroom ragout on the dinner menu was cooked perfectly with the just the right amount of salt.  The Charcuterie, cheese and fruit tray is perfect to share for a few people to start the meal off.  For dinner, the Scottish Salmon is a perfect choice, cooked deliciously with just the right amount of salt.  View - Eat outside!  The covered patio overlooks a lake where some friendly wildlife can be seen.  Don't worry about the wind, the staff will pull down the clear covers and voila, its time to enjoy.Don't miss this cozy French oasis.
4	On every Las Vegan's "Off-the-Strip-Dining" list probably lies Marche Bacchus, a charming bistro and wine market overlooking a peaceful lake away from the main strip.  The diverse French cuisine will appeal to Francophiles, and the comprehensive wine selection will appeal will oenophiles.The French have always done brunch well (partially due to their social belief that drinking after 12 pm is acceptable, even admirable).  Marche Bacchus is my favorite place to go in Vegas for a brunch that makes me forget I live in the Mojave dessert.  Also, the restaurant offers both their brunch and lunch menu at this time, which offer many more authentic choices than just their dinner menu.If it's spring in Vegas, I order the Moules Frites, mussels in white wine butter sauce with crusty baguette, a light and delicious classic that Marche does well; don't forget the Mimosa.  If it's summer, I order the lobster avocado croissant, pair it with a Riesling from the market; the sweetness of the Riesling highlights the lobster and brings out the richness of the avocado.  If it's fall, I order the duck confit & fettucini pasta, it's a calorie splurge but completely worth it.  And if it's winter, I get the Les Oeufs En Meurette, three perfect poached eggs in hearty red wine sauce with ham and mushrooms; it's a dish that warms your stomach, and your heart; break some rules and order a glass of Cotes Du Rhone with it: red wine works for daytime when it's Vegas harsh dry winter.Dessert is their weakness.  I haven't fallen in love with any Marche Bacchus sweets; although I daydream about imported truffles from La Maison Du Chocolat or Patrick Roger whenever I visit.
4	Marche Bacchus is located in a "neighborhood mall" kind of setting. When my party arrived at this place we were hesitated if we should go in or to go somewhere else. We stayed at the original plan to give this place a try and I am very happy we did. I guess it is not duck season. They made some minor changes to the menu in oppose to the one on their website. Duck Confit Fettuccine was no longer on the menu. We ordered the chicken fettuccine, the lobster avocado croissant with ceasar salad, turkey panini and french onion soup. We also ordered some ice tea and some black-current wine. The wine menu has a huge selection with the scores for the wines. You can ordered as little as 3oz for the wine available. The restaurant just opened when we arrived at 11ish. A gentleman was cleaning the patio and feeding the duck in the pond. My cousin got excited and went to take pictures of it. The gentleman was very kind and offered my cousin to feed the duck. Our food already arrived at that time... But seeing this attracted me and my sister to go feed the ducks too! Since we are no longer legally allowed to do this in the parks in San Francisco, we were so excited and had so much fun. The gentleman brought in more french baguette for us to feed the ducks. Many birds came by aside of the water duck, pigeons and swans started to appear once we continue feeding. We enjoyed the food. I think that the french onion soup was a bit too salty. Other than that, the black-current wine was one of the best wine I had and the view was spectacular. Ice tea was very good since it was freshly brewed. Everyone in the restaurant were really nice people and our party all had a great experience.
5	Best place in Vegas for wine besides Lotus of Siam. Great selection of wines, lovely food, and if it's nice out, a nice lakeside dining experience.
4	Went and had dinner here the other day.  It was much better than I remembered.  The service was fairly prompt and very friendly.  Food was well prepared and pretty tasty.  Not quite superb, but better than the last time around for sure.
4	Charming on the patio by the lake!
5	I have found my new spot for a simple romantic night. This is a little hidden gem in Vegas. And thank you Yelp for informing me of this place. And also thank you restaurant.com for the coupons for this place. (which i forgot to bring for the occasion, but it will come in handy when I go back)I had set up for an early Valentine's Day and Anniversary dinner here with the bf on a Wednesday evening. Our reservation was at 5:30pm. I had planned it that way in hopes to see the sunset from the wonderful outdoor seating at the lake. But we were too busy admiring the restaurant, wine, and food to notice the sunset. But that's okay. I picked a wednesday for an early celebration because I figured it would be quieter and they had live jazz. Which the gentleman was very nice and I liked his music selection.So when we arrived, the hostess was very welcoming. After getting seated (we were the only table in that section at the time), the server told us if we wanted a bottle of wine to pick any out and just bring it back to the table, and so we did. The pricing is great for bottles.The restaurant is quite nice. When you enter through the double glass sliding doors, you enter into the wine shop and bar area. There is 3 sections of seating, 1 area inside and 2 areas outside.So for the first course, we ordered the "Bacchus". It looked different from the one I saw in the pictures posted here... so I posted my own. It was quite nice, with the lobster salad, different cheeses, and other stuff that I don't remember the names of. It came with a small basket of bread, which definitely was not enough for us so we had asked for another basket. It was yummy.For the main course I could not decide for a while because I really wanted to try everything! But I ended up ordering the Lobster Pot Pie because that is their signature item, and the original plan since I had looked at their menu before we went. And the bf went with Moule Frites.I was slightly disappointed that the frites were just regular fries and not the thinner ones like what they have at Mon Ami Babi. Oh well, still good. The flavor of the moules (mussels) were great. They were cooked perfectly and you can really taste the wine through the dish. It was great to dip the bread in it also. MmmmAnd my pot pie. I was told it was similar to Michael Mina. It was very rich and had lots of spinach. Good amount of lobster as well. I liked that their was corn in it. Picture of the item has been posted. The small metal pot that it was served it was topped with a cute round pastry puff. Very flakey. While enjoying the appetizer, the server had asked us if we wanted the bread pudding. It mentions on the menu it takes half an hour to make so I went ahead and ordered that too. Came out just in time. And the flavor of the dessert was amazing. It was very strong in scent and taste of cinnamon which I love. And there were raisins.Overall a fantastic experience. A small menu, but with plenty of good options. I nice hidden gem.And on the drive home I realized how close it was to our house, so I will definitely be going back soon. Probably to try their lunch cause it seems the items are completely different. And it would be a completely different feel. This place is great with service, food, and price. Worth a try :)
5	WOW the view!! Is this really Vegas? This is the typical reaction for most newbies to Vegas when they first sit down at this fine establishment. I then proceed to pat myself on the back as I say "Why yes, this is my Vegas." Thank God, the food match the ambiance or otherwise people would be pissed that I drag off the strip just for a good view. If you're a wine drinker you already know this place. If you like French-American cuisine, this will be one of your favorites. Not a fan of escargot? Oh you will be. The waiters and I insist that you order the escargot yourself and not share. Even if you don't like escargot, just toss them slimy critters and dip your bread in the sauce, sit back savor the buttery goodness. They also make the best French burger and fries in Las Vegas. Make sure you ask for medium rare or else you won't like it. The meat is well seasoned with a strong smoky flavor that if served well done will taste more like beef jerky. Great view and ambiance. Fantastic food. Good company. 4 hour lunch later, time for a Foot Spa.
1	Went here to enjoy some appetizers and a glass of wine for Valentines day. I was planning on a short stay and I was told with no reservation I would have to sit at the bar. This was impossible considering I had a six year old child with me. I used to work at this establishment and am discouraged to ever return. Sure wish Greg and Agathe never sold the place. What a shame when new owners purchase an establishment and forget about the people that made it once successful.
3	After getting hitched, the newly brain washed spouse and his ball and chain decided to go to this little gem in Desert Shores in the NW.We sat outside, which has limited seating.  The tables were aligned near the man-made lake with view of homes across the way, that's a -1 star. At least they try.  I can listen to the live spanish guitar entertainment all day, that was definately worth dining here. On to the food... onion soup and the mushroom soup were okay.  I had the crab cakes and it was 3.5 star, it was petite but had some flavor. Hubby had scallops with rosotto which he enjoyed.   The service was okay.  I expected him to at least show up a bit more often and be some what friendly. Don't come here hungry.  Will we come back again, probably not.
5	This is a hidden gem.  Need a nice romantic evening without killing the wallet this is the place.  We are not wine drinkers, but the food was some of the best I have had in years.
3	Trout is amazing, didn't try the mussels but wish I had they look fantastic.If you've never been, come for an amazing meal and a bottle of wine at retail prices.  Can't miss!
4	The food is very good, and service is as well... it's the space that's a bit awkward. In nice weather, it has to be great, but when it's cool outside, they have to put up the plastic panels, and turn on lots of outdoor propane heaters. We moved inside and it was then much more comfortable.. (it's not a large indoor area, so be sure and request an inside table if you are in doubt). The 'retail wine shop' selection will find something for everyone, and prices are in line for what you are getting. It's nice to be able to upgrade to more expensive bottles, and not pay the normal 200-300% markup. Will definitely return sometime... just wish they were on the opposite side of town. Note:  The steak tartar was top notch, as was the spicy jambalaya. Oh yea... and don't think of bringing your own bottle(s) to the restaurant... their BYOB policy is punitive ($25.00 btl).... they should just state they do not permit it..
5	Romantic little hideaway... one of the things I love about Vegas.  Good place to go with your other half or with girlfriends and catch up on life.  It's a small wine store with an outdoor restaurant with a beautiful view of the lake, very charming.  Simple yet delicious menu and of course wine!
1	Date night...Marche don't let me down!OK the time had come to finally give this place go. Made sure to have plenty of time, arrived early to enjoy the lake so here goes...Concept - Wine Store with a twist. After arriving early and walking around the store for a few minutes we were seated on the patio with one of us having our backs to the lake, they quickly reseated us down by the small man made creek and the setting was perfect.Service - Our waiter was terrific and didn't rush us, he knew we were there to relax and not be rushed.Wine - They add $10 to any bottle of wine you purchase and drink there. I grabbed a nice $40 bottle to start and Marche was starting to live up to it's name...boy was this going to be a great night...Appetizer - Plate of pate, cheeses, candied walnuts and a few other french delicacies and we were in the land of the sublime. Not a tourist in sight, just us locals enjoyed a lovely evening, feeling very far from the lights of the Strip.Wine - Second bottle is opened and awaiting Shrimp & Grits for my better half and Duck for myself..Oh boy this is going to be so good and I just feel the 5 star review I am going to put on YELP!OMG tell me it isn't so....Dinner - AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!Most likely the roughest, grittiest Grits I have ever tasted. Shrimp had no flavor at all. The Chef was obviously not in the kitchen when this came out or he/she didn't taste prior plating. On the other hand the presentation of the dish along with the the general flavor maybe the Chef is just tasteless.Duck is one of my favorite meals, done medium rare it's flavors and complexity can match any dish in the world. 3 things went wrong here:1) The duck itself came our cold and I mean COLD. After returning twice, for exactly the same thing the third plate was actually the second plate microwaved...You have to be kidding me!!!!2) It came with the most god awful stuffing mix that was bland, flavorless with no color at all. This stuff would not even have made a BAD Thanksgiving table.3) Presentation was deplorable. No flare, just basic plates that weren't even warmed prior to plating, Really very disappointing indeed.So we basically gave up on the dinner and asked for the check. Everything was still on there at full price, duck, grits, wine you name it. No managers effort to come over and offer to comp a dinner, take off the bottling charge, offer desert, absolutely nothing at all.The bill was over $150, I tipped the waiter cash and asked him to present the check to management with my sincere disappointment. Upon leaving not a comment or thanks for coming.So what appeared to start of as a new favorite place to go for date night will have a distinctly difficult time getting us back for a second try. Maybe a bottle of wine and cheese plate on a nice afternoon but as for dinner they need to really be careful or they will be back to being a wine store and deli.Sorry Marche, you need some help.
5	Our absolute favorite restaurant.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  There is nothing like coming out for lunch on the lake, watching the turtles, ducks and swans and sipping a latte, followed by a glass of wine and an incredible lunch.  My last lunch was  the Moule Frittes:  Mussels in a white white broth and a cone of Pomme Frittes.  Heaven.  The atmosphere can't be beat!
1	Downgrading from three stars to one, due to a disastrous experience on Easter. We called a WEEK in advance to ask about vegetarian options, and were told that they could accommodate with no problem, even though it was a set menu. Turns out the "accommadation" was nothing but an appetizer from the non vegetarian version of the menu with the meat taken out. Still charged the same price though!When we emailed to complain, they sent us back a truly patronizing email.  "We had several vegetarians that dined with us on Easter and were very pleased with the options." So you know, clearly its MY fault that I didn't enjoy whatever half assed entree they chose to throw down in front of me.  If it was my kitchen, I would have been ashamed to send that dish out to a paying customer.Every restaurant has an off day... to me its how they deal with it that decides if they are a place worth returning to. For example, we visited Nittaya's Secret Kitchen last night and had some.. problems with the service. There was a mixup in the kitchen that resulted in our entrees being served roughly ten minutes apart. Not a great impression. What was great was that they apologized, took full responsibility, and asked what they could do to make it better. They did not say to us "Well the other customers got their entrees ten minutes apart and they were fine with it." We have every intention of going back to Nittaya's. Marche Bacchus? Well lets just say I wish this had happened last year so I could have had my rehearsal dinner elsewhere.
4	Friday night , family night out for dinner , weather's great , where shall we go? Let's sit outside , " french place by the lake " suggests the teenager. One phone call later , we're in , 7-30 Table for 5. Perfect.Arrive , on time . Super friendly host and we're seated immediately. Outside on a table for 6 , right by the lake. Looking good so far. Waiter , greets us , again friendly ." I'll be with you in just a moment" . Several minutes went by and he took a drinks order . This really sums up the service we received. Very polite and knowledgable but just a little slow, often absent for 10 minutes plus , not horrible but it's a small-ish place. main course probably took 30 minutes to arrive , my wife and I were relaxing with nice wine and did mind but the kids were hungry. It was now 8-15 and the restaurant was half empty. Food: very good . We had a sampler of 5 cheeses to begin . All good and fresh. My wife and I enjoyed trout with vegetables that was excellent . teenager had salmon , equally good and the little guys enjoyed chicken , fries , pasta normal kids food but again very well prepared. There is a piano player , jazz guy vocalist performing. Truly enjoyable. This is not a place for frugality , cheese , trout x2 , salmon , kids food plus 2 glasses of wine ...just over $180 before tip.  Summary , for me the place is superbly located , food and wine are excellent  , service could be a little tighter ( a little! ) and the pricing needs a little adjustment . ($16 for a bowl of butter pasta for a 10 year old ) .I will be back ....
5	Today I came here for my girlfriend (recently engaged) three year anniversary and it was a wonderful experience. Waiter Paule served us and he was very attentive toward or needs throughout the night and made some suggestions. Here are some of the reasons why our experience was an unforgetable one.1) The view was excellent right on the lake listening to soul tunes from the likes of Stevie Wonder, Maxwell, M. Jackson, Prince, Jamriquia (sp), and John Legend2) Probably the best french Onion soup I have ever had. If you like gooey cheese version.. yUM3) Noise level was perfect.. Nobody was scunched next to us and I can perfectly hear all round me. 4) My gf had the salmon and I had the braised short ribs.. Defintely a little too rich (short ribs) but still delicious and the salmon had a nice sauce and cooked well. 5) Friendly people, environement and a great staff. Thanks again for making my anniversary a memorable one!
3	The only reason this place gets even 3 stars is the food and service being great. I managed to talk my husband into driving the 20+ minutes back to this place, and once again they took forever with our food. We ordered a salmon tarte to start off with (amazing), and I ordered a salad and the hubby had a sandwich. Our server had a charming personaility and gave excellent service. By the time we left, we were there for over an HOUR AND A HALF!!! FOR LUNCH ON A SUNDAY!! There were maybe 5 tables in the whole place, so frustrating because I love the food and service. But alas, we cannot tolerate such a long lunch...
5	We had a wonderful experience at this restaurant which is about 8 miles off the strip. We sat out on the large patio( I think everyone that night sat outside) that overlooks a small lake. There was a gentle breeze, adequate shade and soft music provided a very relaxing evening. It appeared everyone was taking 2-3 hour dinners and just enjoying the atmosphere and food.  When you get there, you walk into a wine store. We had reservations, so the hostess showed us to our table and told us to feel free to go back into the store, peruse the selection and buy our wine for the dinner. I thought the prices and variety were more than acceptable. Maybe they could have had more burgundy. There is also a list by the glass is buying a bottle is too much. I enjoyed the special of crab meat dumplings that also included fresh corn, tomatoes and avocados, nice fresh and light. My Duroc Pork Chops were heavier with a more Southern spin to them with accompanied bitter cooked greens and very fine shoestring potatoes. We also had a duck dish that was well executed and cooked correctly to medium rare. The dressing with the duck was very savory and had a homey feel to it. The service was great.
4	The fact that this is a bistro, with sizable attached wine shop with deals for and ease of opening at your table and the great setting make this a regular favorite place of mine.  Tasty food in the French/Creole style.  An impressive wine selection which is ever changing.  A spectacular patio lakeside with misters in the warm months and enclosures and heaters in the cold months, so you can always dine al fresco.  It's a beautiful spot and many nights they feature live music.  Check it out!
4	Lobster roll and French onion soup.  Wow.  This is an expensive lunch well worth the price.  I highly recommend you try this place if you haven't already.  If you have, go back...
2	The view and atmosphere are always nice, although the food is just average.  I've been several times since the new owners have taken over, and it has been disappointing every time.  The typical brasserie food is completely overprice, and the portions seem to keep getting smaller.  The entree of muscles is less then half of what it used to be, and the french fries are not as good.  I was hoping this local establishment was getting better, but clearly that is not the case.  Sadly, we won't be back! BTW, there was a wedding party on the terrace there as well.  The constant passing of guests was quite irritating.  In addition, there was live music and the regular restaurant music playing simultaneously.  This ruined the tranquil setting!  Even our waiter was embarrassed!
4	Had crab and asparagus benedict and mimosa with my friend Linda.  Great brunch and great company!
4	Restaurant is situated on the Dessert Shore lakes. The food was good and the service was great. The trout that we had had some bones on the fish The food was a little bland but the ambience more than makes up the lack of flavor its a great place for dates due to the location. Have not tried the dinner service will keep you guys posted as soon as we try dinner.
5	I read on Zagat that this was one of the top patios in the country.  I don't know how scientifically accurate such a statement is, but it's a pretty awesome patio that looks out over the water.  Yes, you can see an apartment complex, but it is totally different from anything in Las Vegas and one of the more authentic experiences you can have in manufactured Summerlin.  There's so many cool things about this place, but my favorite is that when you walk in to be seated, you can browse the wine store and pick out your wine for dinner.  So cool.  Split a bottle of Prisoner.  Such a good wine.Started with French Onion soup and the salad du jour (heirloom tomatoes, a mild cheese and a very yummy balsamic reduction.)  Like all the other reviews say, this soup is out of this world, but the salad was awesome too.  Very acidic, the tomatoes were fresh.  I loved it but if you do not like vinegar, pass on the salad.For entrees we had braised short ribs with bleu cheese mashed potatoes and steak frites.  The braised short ribs were good but the bleu cheese mashed potatoes were too much for me despite my love of all things bleu and cheese.  The steak frites melted in my mouth and was cooked perfectly.  Definitely a pricey dinner but an experience unlike any I have ever had in Las Vegas.  So glad I waited four years to come here because I have a feeling I'm going to be spending a lot of money at this place in the future!
5	I think my friend Mangino introduced this hidden treasure to me - YEARS AGO! As good as it gets, with a view on the water to 'close' any deal or date or evening...nuff said!
4	Seems like Yelp-ers have had some inconsistent experiences at Marche lately. All I can say that on 9/10 they were spot on, and this was another in a long string of great visits we have had. Got a fantastic Pinot on sale in the shop, caesar salad was just right, shrimp and grits was great, and the short ribs with blue cheese mash was just terrific. Worthy of Foodies for sure. Service was from a French guy with a sense of humor, attentive and funny.The view of the water I think is really terrific. Ok, there are some building around it, but in a city where all you see if either brown mountains or man-made super buildings, I find it refreshing just to see some water while dining, and I'll take it even if it isn't a naturally occurring lake. While you can find food that is as good or slightly better for similar prices in the casinos, I give Marche the edge based on the fact it is within the suburbs, no messing with valet parking, no walking through a smoky casino, and getting a take home bottle of wine from  off-the-beat-and-path wineries for a reasonable price.Keep up the great work guys, we will continue to come back!
4	I'd been to this restaurant several times over the last 3 years because I loved the atmosphere, staff and fantastic wine selection. Unfortunately only the cheese and meat plates were worth the price UNTIL...hurray! A last minute decision to order risotto turned out to be the beginning of several great plates of food! When I expressed my happiness to the owner for the improvement in food, he said they had been making some big changes in the kitchen. now, much much better food. My vendor, co-worker and friends are all in agreement. They are moving in the right direction.
4	Marche Bacchus is a solid as they come.  I've heard many complain about prices, but if you like this place, it's worth it. If it's not your thing, I can see not being happy with your bill. This is an over all review, which is the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars.  My husband and I have been long time patrons, we started when Marche was just a wine store and didn't even serve food.  We've said farewell to the previous owner and hello to the new.  We stood by during a rough transition (the loss of one star) and seen a new owner not afraid to make necessary changes and yet keep the spirit of the place.  If you are looking for true locals experience, something that makes Las Vegas unique and not in a mega-casino kind of way, then Marche Bacchus is a place to visit. Las Vegas needs more local businesses like this, so please visit them often!PS...Marche if you are reading, sorry for the 4 stars, just want to put a little fear in you so you don't slip again. ;0)
3	I really wanted to like this place. I have heard good things about it and it is one of the only "nice" restaurants in the Northwest but overall I was struggling to really "like it". I ultimately gave it a three based upon the food as that is what I primarily consider, I would provide it a four based on decor and ambiance.First off, I really like the wine shop and they had some good wines at decent prices. Also, the $10 corkage fee is attractive and I like that you can buy a wine right there. We sat out on the patio, this too I liked. There was live music, a saxophonist, a little loud but still nice. It was a small little alcove next to the water which provided an intimate feel. The service was prompt and pleasant as well. We had the steak tar-tare appetizer, this was tasty. Also, I had the French Onion soup. I love French Onion soup and this was a nice surprise, probably my favorite part of the meal, light sherry undertone and very rich. I ordered the Risotto with truffles. Risotto was too al dente for my taste and was under-seasoned. The risotto was $18. I shared this entry with my husband who ordered the Lobster Pot Pie. The pot pie was also disappointing; they would have been well served to have called it Lobster stew. There was a good amount of lobster in the "pie", but there should be especially in light of the hefty $40 price tag. But the flavor was lacking and it was not rich and creamy but more soupy. We had the Lobster Pot Pie at Michael Mina in SF and it was phenomenal for about the same price or possibly even less. And don't get me wrong I have no qualms with spending money on a great meal, I will gladly do so, but I still like to review each meal on it's own and by comparison with other restaurants at similar price points. Our other dinner companion had the duck breast. I tried a piece of his and it was very moist and had a good flavor. Overall, nice decor and food was good, but not good enough for me to come running back here when there are so many other places in LV to try and not quite sure why they made it into the 50 essential restaurant book.
5	Happily, we didn't experience the problems that we did at my birthday dinner here last year, probably because we went on a Tuesday night.  We were seated right at the edge of the lake, with a beautiful view of a full moon and Jupiter (thanks, Android app!).  We shared a bottle of the best Riesling ever, and also a warm spinach salad, with pancetta and a bread crisp spread with goat cheese - yum!Alas, the restaurant was out of the hanger steak that we - and every table around us - wanted to order.  The waiter said they hadn't gotten their meat delivery today as planned.  Instead, I had the Trout, which was served with a topping of crabmeat, haricots verts, and balsamic-soaked shallots.  It had way too much salt for my taste, but I was going to keep it anyway.  Instead, the waiter whisked it away, the owner, Jeff, came over and said that the kitchen would whip up a fresh one, with no salt at all added.  And they did, quickly!  Yes, the fish could have used a touch of salt, but not after I spread out that balsamic drizzle.  It was absolutely delicious.  My husband had the salmon, and it was also terrific.We had ordered - 30 minutes ahead, as required - the house special bread pudding with cinnamon sauce.  Two other tables had birthday celebrants, and they had the usual candle and Happy Birthday jingle sung.  My bread pudding was served sans candle, and no Happy Birthday song.  Instead, the waiter got down on one knee, took my hand, and serenaded me with a very professional rendition of "La Vie en Rose!"  Edith Piaf herself couldn't have done it better.  The icing on the cake, so to speak, was that the house comped my birthday dessert, even after we presented our restaurant.com certificate.  A far cry from last birthday's mess, when all the hassles and waiting produced nothing at all.  All in all, it was a terrific dining experience, a wonderful dinner, and we're not going to wait a whole 'nother year to return.
4	Great atmosphere. Very nice wine selection. Dinner was great. Steak tartare and steak frites were excellent. Short rib with blue cheese mashed potatoes were average, the mashed potatoes lacked blue cheese. The escargots were not done the way I like them simply with garlic and butter. Herbs were added which left an unpleasant taste. I think the heat of the oven was too much for the herbs. We ordered the day's dessert along with a nice ice wine. A great way to finish a great.
4	I dig this place. Ive been here many times and it still maintains its luster. I do think they could use a little inspiration with the menu. For a french bistro they serve crap cheese and meat plates. Would like to see different types of charcuterie and chesses to go with what they charge for it.
3	The food's just OK. Generally crowded with those who prefer "trendy" to dining at these prices. If one defines "intimate" as noisy, that works. I will say that the lakeside location is nice. It's overpriced. In fact, I can eat at Bouchon, have a great dinner, with the same noise, better ambience and certainly finer food.
5	Definitely a hidden gem.  Felt like a nice romantic break from the typical Vegas dining scene while keeping up with the quality one expects in Vegas.Stephan took great care of me and probably would have introduced me to the entire staff if given the chance.  Everyone was very friendly and complimented the food quite well.  I initially went in to have some escargots with a glass of wine, but was too tempted to pass up having something more.The escargots were delicious.  At first it appeared as if they had over done it with the garlic parsley butter, but it doesn't over power the natural flavor of the escargots at all.  I probably would not share this dish with you, get your own.  As a bonus, I highly reccomend dipping the bread in the leftover parsley butter.  Yum.The cheese plate is nice and what you would typically expect from a cheese plate.  The goat cheese is particularly good, but I also love goat cheese.  The candied walnuts were a nice touch.Had the duck for my main course.  They take a temperature which is nice because I like my duck medium rare.  It was very juicy and tender, which is difficult to do with med-rare duck.  I enjoyed it most out of everything.  The demi-glaze was not overpowering and the turnips and pears came together nicely.For dessert I had the almond cake accompanied by the Clarendelle dessert wine.  A pairing I would highly suggest trying.  Great combo and cap to a meal that was supposed to be just an app and some wine.Speaking of wine, they have Chateaneuf-du-pape by the glass which is very rare and quite a treat.  They also offer a 3oz pour which is great if you enjoy a shallow glass for swiriling as I do.  It also gives you the ability to have a variety of wines throughout the evening if there wasn't a bottle in their wine shop selection that tickled your fancy.The only bad part of the experience was hearing a guest be unnecessarily rude to the manager for no reason when the manager was clearly trying to accommodate him as best she could.  He likely didn't enjoy his experience as much as I did, because he was too busy being a d*ck.All in all, a phenomenal place.  You will love it if you aren't a d*ck ;)
5	One of the best off the strip restaurants I've been to in this town. What the exterior lacks in curb appeal (it's located in a dated strip mall with a non-descript facade) the interior more than makes up for it with a quaint, romantic atmosphere not found elsewhere in Las Vegas. It's two biggest selling points: a wine shop and a patio overlooking a lake.I love the wine shop! With several rows of wines displayed, there are plenty of varietals to choose and a wide range of prices for both the big spenders and the penny pinchers (I'm somewhere in between). So, after you check in at the host stand -- which is by the front door at the cash register -- peruse their wine selection and take it to the table with you. They'll just add the wine to your dinner check, plus a ten dollar corkage fee.There's a small indoor dining area, but the best place to sit is on their patio. During the winter it's enclosed and has heat lamps so you'll be able to dine there year-round. Don't expect a breathtaking view. We're not talking about one of the Great Lakes. It's in a desert, after all, so the body of water is fairly small. But the overall experience and atmosphere is one that is unique to the city.The food is very good. The menu is on the conservative side, with items that will be familiar to most everyone. It's French-inspired American food that's executed extremely well.The ahi and bacon app ($15) was a nice mix of flavors and textures with its pickled pineapple, glazed bacon, chive and chili oil. It's a small dish, with two seared slices of tuna and one thick cut of bacon, but tasty, nonetheless.For entrees my wife had the mushroom risotto ($18) -- a large and perfectly seasoned portion served in a shallow bowl. I went with the braised short rib ($28) -- a large, tender slab of beef sitting on a generous helping of blue cheese mashed potatoes and topped with crispy shallots. Neither dish stood a chance... we devoured both with nothing left behind.We ended the meal with a delicious bread pudding ($8) -- freshly baked to order and served with cinnamon rum sauce. Served in a large ramekin, it's good enough for three, maybe four people.The service was professional and courteous without being too overbearing. The prices were excellent. With our restaurant.com gift certificate we ended up paying about $130 total. That's a far cry from what we would normally spend on the Strip for a similar meal. With its decidedly anti-Vegas ambiance, this place is a hit for any special occasion.
5	I've been here twice now and both experiences were outstanding.  The first visit they had a free wine tasting and we ended up buying a bottle.  We also had lunch out on the patio overlooking the lake which was very nice.  My first lunch I had the BLT sandwich.  What made this unique is that it was made with crispy pork belly instead of bacon.  Yummy!The second visit I had the salmon sandwich and it was delicious.  I paired it with a nice chardonnay and basically had a perfect lunch.  I like that on the wine selections they give the Wine Spectator or Robert Parker ratings.  That's the first time I've seen that on a menu and find it very helpful.I like this place a lot and can't wait to come back!
4	It was December and we ate outside on the heated patio.  This restaurant has its own wine store.  Lethal if you ask me.  We were there for lunch.  I had the French onion soup and a turkey pannini.Good serviceGood foodGood wineWatch out for the flying rats aka pigeons.
4	Service is great, food is awesome and the atmosphere is very inviting.  Great place to take a date.  Love the fact that you can shop for a bottle of vino in the market prior to your meal.  Been in Vegas for 4 years and this is the restaurant I take friends visiting from out of town to when they want to get the local Vegas feel.
4	Excellent food and good value. Nice twist having the wine store inside the restaurant to allow the patron to select the wine.
2	Ok but not great. Expensive considering. The beet salad was great, but The bread was hard as a rock. The wine was good, and the service was good. Unfortunately the main course was nothing special and quite a tiny portion. I'm not sure I will go back any time soon.
3	Ambiance on the patio by the water 5-starChoice of vegetarian/vegan options 1-starValue of the $11 Caesar salad  1-starTime to be served:10 minutes, had to ask for extra dressing, quite dry. Time for food (sandwich) being served with 5 tables occupied: 25 minutesAlert: don't order an appetizer salad as the entree or you will be eating 1st while your friends watch you eat, then when you are done, wait & watch them eat. Happened at next table too. Not cool. So basically a good place to sit & have a glass of wine & salad OR sandwich if you are not in a rush.
4	Nice restaurant, wonderful concept with the wine store and the wine prices are great.  We loved the atmosphere and will definitely head back to sit outside.  We were the only table inside due to the outside seating being open but we had nice service and very good food. The only negative was the portion sizes were all over the place with some appetizers being the same size as the entrees.  I think they could bolster a few dishes even with the use of greens or more of the starch and the value perception would increase dramatically. When considering the price and portion size this restaurant really ends up being about the same as many of the higher end restaurants on the strip. I don't have a problem with this but feel they may be hurting themselves by becoming more of a special occassion restaurant vs. a weekly haunt for some. We also met the owner and she was a lovely person and we look forward to getting to know her in the future.  THUMBS UP!
1	Worst $100 lunch i ever spent. I was excited to try this place, my husband is french and a chef, so we had high hopes. First off the wine they served us was off, seems like it had been opened for a month. Next our server was horrible. He made us feel like he didn't want to serve us, and he was not that smart. He forgot to give us things we asked for. We ordered 3 course, when the food came, it was very mediocre. Country pate that was old, tart that was falling apart, and my scallops did not have a starch, and done in 2 bites.  Now i am willing to pay money for good food, but this was ridiculous. We will never go back. Save your money, no view of a man made lake is that worth it.
5	This is the perfect date night spot!  Wonderful restaurant + wine shop = $10 corkage  Start by perusing their fantastic wine shop, where you can pick up a bottle or 2.  Then head to dinner on their outdoor patio overlooking the lake with live music.  Take a culinary adventure while enjoying blissful conversation with your lover.  I can't imagine a more perfect evening.  They offer a free wine tasting every Saturday from 11:30am - 1pm.  Don't be fooled, it may be a free tasting, but they spoil guests with some really good wines.  Despite the fact that we come for the free wine tasting, we can't leave without buying some treats from their wine store.  About 2 years ago I had the best scallops I've ever tasted here.  I'm hoping that they come back on the menu soon.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I love the wine shop, the food, the atmosphere, the evenings with live music, and the Saturday free wine tastings. This is my oasis in the desert. Just sitting out on the patio with a glass of wine looking out over the water makes me forget all my worries. I also love that the menu changes seasonally, providing me with exciting new choices (although there are times when I really miss some dishes but have to wait to have them again, like the short ribs in the winter -- delicious!). This is also a really great place for lunch if you're not on a strict schedule. Such tastiness should not be rushed!
4	If/When I make it back to the magical Summerlin suburb, we will definitely be back to this little gem!First of all, if you can find it through the maze of neighborhoods and suburb distractions, the Marche Bacchus is nestled in some corporate retail plaza and boasts the most amazing patio....EVER!  This patio is completely all weather....and on this particular night, it was a little chilly, but you never would have known it.  We were seated by the fire, and almost roasting in our seats. But they were happy to turn it down for us when we asked.  Which brings me to the service:                                                          AWESOME!Joe was super nice and to the Beau's surprise, a beer connoisseur.  I swear, I saw his face light up when the Beau asked him what beers they had available.  Joe recommended an amazing beer that he just loved, and now we have to find here in MPLS.  But otherwise, he was excellent, attentive and talkative.  The only downside, I would say, would be that when I ordered a couple of reserve wines, he didn't ask me what size.  I thought one was the glass, and the other was the bottle, so I was thinking that what I ordered was the glass size.  What I got was the most expensive glass of wine....ever.  That kind of stunk, but they were super good wines.The Beau ordered Steak Frites and I had the Warm Spinach Salad appetizer with the Sea Scallop appetizer for dinner.  I have no idea how to make Chorizo vinaigrette, but I was blown away by this salad.  And the scallops were amazing.  The beau loved his dinner too and  I was lucky he was willing to share.  Their fries were delicious and the steak was perfectly done.  Their wine store is awesome, although we didn't really look at much.  I hear you can purchase your wine and drink it with dinner - which is completely awesome.  And according to Joe, you can catch the owner on an episode of Pawn Stars!  He was the expert brought in to identify an original bottle of Dom Champagne.  This is definitely a place I would recommend to anyone who wants something completely off the strip, quiet, casual, but also sophisticated and intimate.  The Beau and I had an amazing time and agreed, this was the highlight of our trip.Great atmosphere combined with great food and EXCELLENT service, this was definitely our favorite.  Thanks to all the local Las Vegas Yelpers that clued us in.Oh....and it is true about the bread pudding. It is a MUST when you go.
5	If looking for exceptional french food, an excellent wine selection, and romantic outdoor seating, rent a car or take a cab off of the strip to MB. The french onion soup is a staple everytime I go.  I've enjoyed lunch and brunch previously and my only quandry is what to order. Everything is good. I travel over 50,000 miles a year.  Please don't miss MB the next time you are in Vegas.
4	My goodness, this is a charming little restaurant that I never knew about until brought here by a friend. I can't believe I forgot to review it.  I loved the outdoor seating- nicely designed with a casual but sophisticated look that invites diners to relax and stay awhile. Someone described it as "intimate" and "romantic" and I would have to agree- a great spot for a date, or even to come by yourself!  The roof helps keep the direct heat of the sun from frying you but the space opens up to a pretty view of a small body of water populated by ducks and geese (and fish?) and lined with cute homes.  They must have updated the menu since my visit, as I now don't see the upscale version of the grilled cheese sandwich that I'd enjoyed immensely.  While the food is creative, tasty and somewhat pricey, I really would patronize this spot for the atmosphere. The waitstaff are friendly and the place is simply gorgeous.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Best Croque Monsieur I've had in a long time. Just excellent. Server was very professional. Setting was amazing. Can't wait to return.
1	I took my family for mothers day to this restaurant and what a disappoint. They got greedy, they were under staffed, overbooked and under prepared. It was uncomfortably hot! The fans were broken, the misters were not available yet. On top of that the servers were so busy they couldn't refill our water glasses. It's Vegas, it's May, at 600 dollars for our table you really should be prepared. Our table we reserved was 30 minutes late to be seated. It would be a hour before we would eat our first plate. Which seemed mass produced standardized at best. The cherry on top was when the hostess entered the bathroom and ejaculated an expletive upon finding both bathroom stalls were occupied. While this would not normally bother me in the slightest. What she did not know was that I was waiting for my 5 year old niece in the stall. The behavior of their entire staff was manic and panicked. I am sorry to write such a poor review for a place I so dearly loved. But then again Marche Bacchus let me down too.
4	Went there for a wedding.  Great view and service.   The Chef nailed all our filets, perfect medium (there were 45 of us).  I wish my beet salad had a bit more goat cheese.  The live music was a nice touch.  I wish I lived closer.  Great wine, nice music, view awesome, and good food.
4	Absolutely delicious food, great service, and gorgeous scenery. Perfect place for any meal.
4	Atmosphere is very relaxing and serene. Good food and good service... A nice little oasis in the desert.
5	Chef Dave Middleton has completely transformed this neighborhood restaurant from being just ok in my book, too an absolute culinary delight! They have an amazing wine selection at prices a third of what you find on the strip, and with the new food  being put out by their rockstar chef, this restaurant is a contender for my favorite in Vegas!!
2	I live nearby and have gone here many times and am generally always disappointed. :(  Other people rave about this place but I am baffled at the kudos.Absolutely great wine store, but indifferent service and consistently mediocre food in the restaurant, IMO.Last time there I had the lobster salad on a croissant that could have been from the Albertson's bakery (or it was just premade, and refrigerated so long that it was cold and stiff and had zero taste, like one from the supermarket.)  This time it was quiche, just about the size of a large beverage coaster and maybe 3/4" high at the most. Just a couple of bites - mostly crust and barely any filling to savor.  Hate to say it, but if Alex Stratta approved this quiche, he should be embarrassed.Wine pour was skimpy.  Generally ignored after food arrived, no refills on drinks til you flag someone down. (Lots of attention to the bigger tables though - bring a group if you come and maybe the experience is better?)  Bread was good, and the view is nice.  Next time, I'll save a lil extra money up, and head down to the hassle of the Strip for Bouchon instead of this place...
2	I keep wanting to like this place, and keep giving it chances, but it continues to disappoint.  My savory buckwheat crepe was very good, but that's about it.  The accompanying salad of bagged greens was oily and bland, and I practically had to trip a waiter to get a refill of water on the steamy-hot patio.  There were only two in my party, and it was obvious that the bigger groups were getting our share of the attention.  I think I might be done with this place once and for all.  I thought the food was going to improve with the change of ownership and chef, but that does not seem to be the case.  On top of that, the lousy service was distracting and annoying and the food simply did not justify the high prices.I'll be back to shop in the wine store because they have an excellent and colorful selection.  Otherwise, I will continue my frustrating hunt for a great, local restaurant in the northwest.
5	Update:  they now have a gluten free lunch menu!  Enjoy!***Such a wonderful spot.  Love dining there.  The view, the wine list, the attentiveness, the renovations they've done so carefully, the ducks...But am a little frustrated. I made sure to discuss my dietary issues with the owner and hostess as I entered and was thrilled when they proudly handed me a menu with gluten free options - yay!  I know they have a talented kitchen, but it just makes me feel better to know it's part of their training, their daily conversation with staff and kitchen.  But after I ordered, the manager came out to the table saying "don't know why the hostess gave you the gf menu, that's only for evening. We don't have a gluten free menu during the day..."   Well - I'm sorry, but I'm gluten free all day long.  So they still have some work to do.  Particularly since after detailed conversationS with both the server and the manager, the kitchen sent out the tomato salad with bread, dairy, fruit (in dressing) and starch on it which only tells me they're either not listening, or they don't care.  And I want to give them more credit than that because I know that's not how the owner would want them to treat their guests.So then entree comes - and it's just ok.  Why?  because I didn't really trust the kitchen at this point - but I was so hungry I ate every bite.  Fortunately no issues.  Which is why I only dinged them one star.
4	I love this place, such a wonderful restaurant with great authentic food. Love the fact that it is hidden away, you can sit inside or outside on their patio on the pond year round!! When you make your reservation, reserve a table outside. Great for groups, and even better for date night. I will be going back soon!
5	Love this place!
4	With a romantic atmosphere on the lake in desert shores, this place is great for date night. You'll totally think your not in Vegas anymore. Super charming, great wine selection & knowledgeable staff. Excellent charcuterie!
5	THIS restaurant bleeds romance, particularly with outdoor seating between the hours of 8 - 10pm. I chose this restaurant to celebrate my two year anniversary because I didn't feel like dealing with the strip, the people of the strip, the parking, and the crowds. I called a week ago and asked for a table on the patio. We ended up being seated at the best table in the house. (I will upload a picture). The hostess sat us at our table, which was literally 10 feet from the lake that the restaurant overlooks. The lighting was dim and there are beautiful trees and plants and candles everywhere. There was also a man singing wonderful Sinatra-style covers and his voice was absolutely beautiful. I couldn't get over how amazing he sounded and I also appreciated the fact that the live music wasn't too loud or distracting. It was calming and pretty, unlike a lot of restaurants where the band/singer is right in your face crooning as loudly as can be. We chose a bottle of wine from their store to go along with our meal. Although they do charge a $10 corking fee on top of the price, this particular wine still ended up costing at least $10-20 less than it does at other restaurants. Our waiter, Joe, was incredibly nice, friendly, and attentive. He didn't bother us too much but also came around when appropriate and his menu recommendations were spot on. We started with the Bacchus cheese and meat platter. I'll be honest, I can't remember what the hell kind of cheese and meat were on it, but everything tasted great. There were at least three different cheeses, two different pates, some apples, applesauce, and a bunch of meats. Very nice!I ordered the Crispy Maple Duck Leaf Breast and my girlfriend ordered the Steak Frites. We also ordered a side of brussel sprouts.  The duck was the best I have ever had, hands down. It was cooked perfectly and came with this amazing sauce that perfectly complimented the crispy, juicy, flavors of the duck. Unbelievably good - so much so that I ate the entire plate! Also, I am a HUGE fan of brussel sprouts, I cook them at least three times a week at home, and these were also up there with the best I've ever had. They were tender and salty with bursts of bacon flavor. YUM. Must order! I sampled my girlfriend's steak and it was tender and cooked perfectly. I have had better, but she really enjoyed it. For dessert, we had the bread pudding. IMPECCABLE. I was expecting something different because this bread pudding looked and was textured more like coffee cake, but it was delicious! It came with a sauce, I can't remember what it was called, but dipping the warm bread pudding into the slightly cool sauce created flavor explosions of cinnamon and warm cakey goodness. Overall, I couldn't have had a better night. The vibe was calm and inviting. It was romantic. The lake was beautiful. The music was perfect and the food was to die for. Eating here made me feel like I was on vacation rather than living in Las Vegas.
2	I have eaten at this restaurant many times and have always enjoyed great food, very attentive servers, but this time I was very disappointed.  The steak was almost blue, we asked for medium....my duck was greasy and lacked taste despite the spring truffles. Service was so-so.....they were busy and ended up comping one of the dishes for us.  I will go back purely for the wine and the ambiance and hopefully next time will be an improvement.
5	My friend Steph referred me here and MAN oh MAN I'm glad she did; talk about a SWEET environment!  My friend and I walked in here for the free wine tasting, sadly they were out of 1 of the reds, but hey- its free, I'm not complaining! I liked a couple and then I was in the mood for some wine, the selection was large so I had plenty to choose from.  I looked around for 15 minutes and decided on a Chardonnay as it was pretty warm outside and I wanted to sit by the lake. (oh yah, did I mention that view?! Ahhh! Killer!)  Anywho, sat outside and told the waiter I was interested in  wine, he told me I could just go in pick what I wanted and bring it out, say what?! AWESOME! I had the Lobster salad in croissant, and if you like Lobster salad, you will love this!  My friend had the BLT and he said it was the best BLT he ever had (one in Louisiana came pretty close) the bacon on this BLT was mad thick, now I'm craving one! Hands down this place is awesome, and deserves a chance if you're nearby.  Keep in mind this isn't some cheapo restaurant either, it's a little higher end.  Two person lunch + apptz is going to run you about $40-$50 bucks.  So worth it though :D
4	Great food, great location. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars: I made my reservation a week and a half in advance, so when we were placed at a table that was not water side - I was a little disappointed. If you are booking a table for the patio, be sure to mention you would like water side seating. They also charge you a $10 corkage fee for their own wine which seems a little ridiculous. Also, the outdoor misters are a little much and I ended up getting semi-damp from them. Apart from these tiny complaints, everything else was great and I will be back for sure. Very romantic setting.
4	Marche Bacchus Non-Descriptly tucked away in a Desert Shores Shopping Center, this place is another great hangout that provides an upscale dining experience in a locals backyard. They only have a wine license so don't expect a Goose and Tonic with your excellent pasta, luckily they have a fully selections of wines nearby for you to enjoy.  The service is excellent, the food is VERY GOOD, and its always  been a positive experience. I have been here 3 times. It's a little expensive but not nearly as bad as you would experience on the strip for the same food. I would recommend to a friend.
5	A fantastic retreat from the hustle of the city. This hidden treasure is tucked away in a residential area on a small man-made lake that makes you feel like your not in Vegas anymore! The atmosphere on the patio is wonderfully relaxing.This place is Vegas Strip fine dining without the hassle of the Vegas Strip! The food was fantastic and the service was perfect. We were there to dine on a Monday and they don't charge a corking fee for the wine...The beef carpaccio was tender and very flavorful. The roast duck breast was fantastic and the grilled salmon was prepared to perfection (rare with crispy skin, as I asked for it). The Brussels Sprouts were amazing...and I hate Brussels Sprouts. My wife ordered them, but I ate most of them! The "Coffee & Donuts" dessert was awesome...perfectly prepared beignets came with espresso dipping sauce...yum!!Great food, great ambiance, great service...great place!
3	Left Marche Bacchus today with something to be desired... and it wasn't dessert. This is a pretty nice place if you want to have a relaxed off strip lunch/dinner and enjoy a view of a man made lake. I'm sure the optimal time to be here for dinner would be right before sunset. Would be a great place to bring friends or family that are aspiring sommelier or "cork dorks" as they sell tons of different wine in their lobby. First and foremost the food was excellent and a positive experience. Started off with the charcuterie which included a table favorite of pork pate, cured meats, little pickles, olives, and dijon mustard. Entrees included were the crispy maple leaf duck breast, steak frites, and a Thursday special of a 14 oz Kansas Strip steak. Everything was presented beautifully and cooked well except towards the middle the Kansas strip was a bit tough to chew. Bordelaise sauce was delicious, duck was cooked medium-rare with enough rendering on the fat to make it easy to chew. Why the 3 stars then?Well... earlier I mentioned something was to be desired... and the service is just that. The service today was just painfully slow. My server exhibited professionalism, but jeez he was hardly attending our table. He definitely seemed more interested in taking care of the table in front of us with all females.. these are times I wish I had breast :(. Our charcuterie came out maybe 10 minutes after ordering, but I notice the table across from us received their fromage order within less than 5 minutes of ordering with two baskets of bread.  Never really came to our table to see if everything was okay. Made eye contact a few times, but he just passed by. Later on when it came time to pay the server was no where to be seen, so I went inside to pay at the register and even his co workers weren't sure where he was. Perhaps he just had a bad day, but bummer I had to get him on his bad day. Dinner for 3 came out to be $126 after tax, but I felt a bit bummed out tipping more than 15% for service that could have been better fulfilled at an Applebee's... sorry. First experience at Marche Bacchus, may return, but definitely not in a rush to do so.
2	See those two stars?  They were five before.  I will be going back, because this is a great establishment, but I am also writing this because I want this to continue to be a great establishment.  To become an even better establishment in fact.I work in the industry, so yes I do have higher standards than most when it comes to dining, but I usually ignore most of my critical thinking in such terms in favor of enjoying my experience.  Some things however, are unacceptable.The extent of which your patio had spider webs, under the table, on the chairs, and on the ceiling is beyond unacceptable.  I understand it is outside and next to the water, making that a challenge, but it is a challenge that comes with such a space.  I imagine the investment in a power washer would be wise.  Especially since your patio is essentially your prime seating area.  If you get nothing from reading this, get that.In terms of service, some things need to happen.  First, and more important than anything else as far as improving service at your establishment goes, is seating points.  It hasn't happened every time I have eaten there, but the one time it did happen was rediculous.  The server painfully, obviously, had either no regard or no idea what seating points are.  EVERY dish that was delivered to our table was auctioned off.  EVERY dish.  Not one, not a few, not a majority.  All of them.  That is insane to me.   There were other little things that I am not going to get into because I don't want to sound like an anal bastard, and because I am in the industry, I feel disgusted that I have to even write this review as I do really love your place.  I wasn't going to write this, or post this, because I love your place.  Then I realized that is the exact reason why I need to.  Because I will be coming back there again, and I hope these two glaring issues are taken care of.  I don't want my next visit to be my last.
2	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!  The waitress we had, tattoos, dermals and all was as unfriendly as it gets.  Asked for a "reasonable" bottle of wine, when the bill came it was $72.99.  That is far from reasonable.  She gave us the impression that we were a nuisance when ordering our food.  Why exactly is she working there?  Food was good, the meat and cheese is excellent.
4	If you are looking for a romantic restaurant this is the way to go. you can sit next to lake and enjoy a delicious diner. they also sell bottles of wines at retail price and they charge you $10 to open the wine while you have your meal. I would recommend their escargot ( just delicious!)
4	4 stars for the outside seating alone!
2	The best thing about this place is the view on the patio. I've never bought wine here, so this review has nothing to do with that part.I've been here a few times now, and I'm not impressed. The last time, I made a reservation for brunch for a party of 11 around 1pm. I wanted a nice relaxing scene for my friends the morning after my birthday party. The reasons I am not impressed with this place of business -The staff was not so pleasant. They seemed to be looking at our group with more of a "snotty" attitude and they seemed to not be very genuine. The waitress, Emily was not at all tentative. She seemed annoyed that we had a large group and she didn't ask to refill half of the groups drinks, took over 30 minutes just to ask what we wanted to order, drinks and food. We had to call out to her over 3 times just to get her attention. I don't ever see this being necessary.It literally took us 2 hours just to eat and pay. Only due to the fact that she did take care of us. It was not busy. She was not busy. If it was busy there, we all would have understood. I watched her as she tended to other tables and she was great with them. Not one person asked for a manager or complained to her, because the group does not like to cause a scene or  problems. The same group ate out 2 other times over the weekend, and we never had problems elsewhere. I never thought it would be a problem having a larger group there, due to being there at other times and seeing other large groups dining here. The food here has always been good. That is on the plus side. If you are picky about service, I have not had one amazing experience here. I've had decent service with just my boyfriend and I dining here. I always tip a minimum of 20%. If it's awesome service, I tip over 30%. I gave her the bare minimum of 15%, she honestly deserved less. I appreciate great service because I've been in this industry for over 10 years. I hope this restaurant sees this review and I hope they revamp their customer service. It doesn't matter what your group looks like (rich, middle class or poor), how large or small your group is, you should always be willing to provide the best service to all of your customers equally. Each person in the group was very disappointed with our service and I was embarrassed for bringing them here. We are not a rowdy or raggedy looking bunch. Just people who are happy to eat good food. No matter how good the food/view/ambiance is, if you have horrible service, it ruins everything.
4	I love restaurants that have great food, service, and wine.  This restaurant remains one of my usual stops for dinner for the past three years.  I truly enjoy the view from their patio seating lakeside, and the music on Friday nights.  Marche Bacchus is a great choice for those who want a bottle of wine with a great meal.  I love eating here because the food is always excellent, the wine choices are fantastic, and I get to watch the twilight dancing on the lake as the sun sets.  You don't need to dress up to eat here; just bring your appetite.  Some of my favorites are the duck, escargot, any of his specials, and the tenderloin.  The other night I had the duck and it was delicious.  I drank a bottle of Monchoff and then called it a night.Although the bill isn't cheap for two (with wine and tax it was $102 the other evening + 20% tip) it's worth every penny.
4	I originally made a reservation for lunch for 10-11 for today but unforseen events happened so, my  eye started twitching from stress and I had to change it to dinner for 9 people yesterday. They were very accommodating.  I got there early before everyone else in my group got there just so I can make sure everything was on point.  I was looking at their great selection of wines then Rhonda took me to our table.  The view of the lake was just too gorgeous and that was the start of a great dinner.Our server last night was Jim and he did a fantastic job.  He made good food and wine recommendations.  He told us that they were celebrating their 5th anniversary under their current management and they gave us complimentary champagne.I had a strong craving for beef the whole day yesterday and so I got the steak frites eventhough I really wanted to try the parsley and lobster roe tagliatelle - there's always a next time.  The steak frites was good.  The rest of the group had the charcuterie plate, crab cake and risotto...yum!  For dessert we had the coffee and doughnuts (beignets lightly dusted with powdered sugar with chicory dipping sauce) - they're nice and warm bite-size pieces that taste similar to Cafe du Monde's beignets minus the thick coating of powdered sugar.  We also had creme brulee, chocolate mousse trio and bread pudding with rum sauce.  Delightful!We were there for 3 hours.  The timing of when each course was served was just right.  It allowed us to talk and laugh (a lot), rest and digest.  I believe that a nice dinner is meant to be enjoyed and not rushed.  If you're in a hurry, you could always go somewhere else.  But if you're surrounded by people you like and want a nice meal then, Marche Bacchus is the place for you.
3	Food was mediocre. Service was not impressive, to say the least.
5	What a wonderful lunch and atmosphere!  We have an excellent meal and fantastic service!
3	The outside atmosphere and view of the lake were lovely. The wine shop well stocked with a nice variety and wide range of prices.I had the escargot and was very disappointed. Very bland flavor lacking garlic and wine. The seared scallops were cooked perfectly and accompanying vegetables were sparse but tasty.My son had the French Onion Soup, another big disappointment. The beef stock was too beefy and overbearing, almost had a tomato flavor (how they did that we can't figure out). The cheese was a weak gruyere, if it even was gruyere. His steak was served rare as asked for, but the sauce was a little runny and not what he expected. The bleu cheese was blended into the sauce and would have been better in visible chunks on the filet.My husband was happy with the foie GRAS and with his duck.But when the coffee came with half and half in tiny  pre-packaged containers, that did it. Where was the Creme? The menu is French influenced, but I have a hard time considering this a truly French restaurant.
3	The restaurant has a lovely view of the water and a nice outdoor patio. The service was decent but nothing over the top - it took a few minutes to get seated and others were seated before us after we had been waiting for 5 minutes. Maybe they had a reservation but it seemed they forgot about us b/c we had to remind them we were still waiting. The menu offers lots of fabulous choices and several vegetarian options. I opted for a veggie version of the Muffuletta over the Asparagus & Mushroom Panini on the suggestion of our waiter. It was good but I don't know if I would order it again. The side salad was very tasty though and I greatly enjoyed it. My husband had the crab louie and he loved it. My husband and his friend also split the escargot and were very pleased with that dish. But let's talk about the seared sea scallops. For $16, you only receive 2 small scallops! What is that about???? The look on our friend's face was priceless. She almost said, "I thought I ordered the entree version" But that was the entree version!!! Do not bother with the scallops, though she said they were tasty, if that was your only dish - you would end up ordering something else.
5	This was perfect for us. My daughter took me here for my birthday. The food was delicious and service excellent. View of the lake is a welcome sight in the desert. We picked out a bottle of wine in the shop and had that with dinner. Overall, I guess the price is good, but I did not see the bill.One of best birthday diners I've experienced.
4	What a lovely retreat from the hustle and heat of downtown Vegas.  Past the cozy wine store is a restaurant with a stellar view of the lake (apparently, we have those in Vegas!).  The instant you sit down on your patio table you are transported to a European vacation with blue waters and a warm breeze.  There are even ducks and black swans that swim right up to you.  I don't know what they put in my fancy water but I felt extremely happy in this place.The food was presented beautifully.  Some were savory, while others bordered on bland.  Still delicious, and I would definitely go back.  The portions are quite conservative however, so if you are a hefty man, make sure you order the steak.. twice.  The awesome waitress and chef brought out a complimentary fruit bowl for my little man.  This is a picture perfect place for any occasion, and a must try for wine connoisseurs.
4	The food was delicious and the atmosphere was somehow relaxing and romantic all at once.  My husband and I met a small group here on a Saturday night.  Our table was right next to the water on a cold and blustery night.  They had clear plastic tarp-type curtains around the patio and heat lamps.  It was warm and cozy even though we were technically outside.I would have given this five stars except the portion sizes were rather small for the price.  Otherwise, I will definitely take friends here when they visit from out of town.  I also read that they have a great lunch special during the week.  I will definitely be back to check it out.
2	My husband and I had been here several years before and had a lovely dinner. Unfortunately that was not the case this time around. The service was poor and the food very bland. The two stars are for the view.
2	I've been coming here for about 8 years and I believe it has gone down hill. I loved it so much, I had my daughter's baptism party here 2 years ago. After being slightly disappointed in the food then, I continued to come back thinking it was the large party that may have influenced the quality of the food that day.My most recent visit on Feb 16th was less than stellar. After being seated, I went to choose the wine, and several bins were completely empty. Nothing I was intending to drink, but it still had a negative affect on my perception of their selection. Then, while  pondering over the cabs, a creepy type of guy who was sitting at the bar decided to give me a lessons on vineyards. I kindly asked if he was the manager and he said "no."  I told him i had the kid at the table, so I didn't have time to really chat. I grabbed the closest wine which was more than i intended to spend, just to cut the conversation short. I ordered fish and my husband ordered some type of pasta dish. The fish was rolled into some sausage type shape and was not good. I make better fish at home. It was bland. the side dish was decent but not nearly enough. My husband said his dish was ok. The wine ended up being very good, but after using my "free" dinner coupon I thought it was still overpriced for what we received. Our waiter left with the coupon and another server came back to tell us they were trying to figure it out. Then our original waiter came back a good 10 minutes later. Considering it took the 2 of them to work on it, I felt uncomfortable even using it. I have another but won't be coming back to use it. I may come back for wine and appetizers again since the view is nice, but I don't think i'll be back for dinner.  It's too bad, I used to really love this place. On another note, the entertainment outside was lovely and my daughter enjoyed listening to the singer. She was very sociable and friendly. However, we didn't sit outside so only enjoyed her for 5 minutes before leaving. NIce touch.
4	Cool place. Very good ambiance for a date if you sit outside. Wine selection is good/fun, but not extraordinary. Food has always been pretty tasty.
5	It's about time I write a review for my absolute favorite brunch experience in town.....There's nothing better than sitting lake side on a beautiful morning with a glass of sparkling wine while dining on the most exquisite food, imaginable.  The pork belly benedict is my favorite, although the crab benedict is a close second.  The wine selection is stellar, and the service is refreshing.  I am always well attended to.  Marche Bacchus is an absolutely lovely location to spend a relaxing Sunday morning.
5	There is nothing quite like stuffing your face with rich butters and creamy cheese and savory soup on a cold winter afternoon before a Christmas play... which is exactly what we did at this perfect little bistro. I also go there all different times of the year as well, but that was my favorite experience. Have a birthday lunch planned for next Friday, can't wait!
5	Little compares to lounging lakeside on the Marche Bacchus patio on a gorgeous weekend afternoon.  With the first gorgeous Saturday upon us, we didn't waste the opportunity to take it all in.  Lucky for us, we now live around the corner from Marche.  There was a 10 minute wait for patio seating when we arrived, just enough time to pick out the perfect wine.  We opted for an unoaked chardonnay from the refrigerator.  I also highly recommend the Charles Ellnor champagne that they usually have in stock.  If you're feeling like an adventure, enlist in a recommendation or 10 from the wine store staff.  They have never led us astray with their wonderful wine picks.
3	I come to Vegas to visit, to enjoy the scene and to explore different restaurants.  My gf lives in Vegas and took me to MB for dinner a few months back.  What a great experience - from the wine selection to the music to the ambiance on the water to the great service to the delicious food.  LOVED IT! so i signed up for the newsletter and found out about the brunch. Last weekend came for a Brunch on a Sunday.  It was a beautiful day so we requested a table on the patio in advance. I got a completely different experience - i'm not sure if brunches are a new thing to this place, but it was BAD.  The heating lamps werent working because it was chilly in the shade.  The server was pissed off at the world and didn't want to be there. The food was mediocre (and i'm being generous).  Advertized potatos were fried to a crips and were out of the bag frozen variety.  Poached eggs wasn't poached - it was fried!  The overall brunch experience was pretty disappoiting... i think i'll stick to going there for dinner and not brunch...   unless they catch up as a brunch place.
4	Only two things kept me from giving this place a 5 star.  The first was that they were out of Duck Confit Cassoulet, and I was looking forward to that.  The second was, as we were trying to decide on dessert, a large group, obviously regulars, and  "important people were seated next to us.  They were VERY loud, but having a good time.  One of the owners, a lovely, charming lady, spent a good deal of time chatting with them, adding to the volume.But the restaurant should be judged on service and food (though the view was wonderful).  Though disappointed about the duck confit, I was about to order the Loup De Mer (sea bass), when the waiter suggested the Crispy Maple Leaf Duck Breast .  I went with that, and was not at all disappointed.  Perfectly cooked, and the port candied pearl onions were a treat.  My companions both had the Seared Sea Scallops, and they too were perfectly prepared, and delicious.  Our waiter was excellent, making good suggestions, and being attentive, but not overly so.  We had excellent wine (bought 5 bottles on the way out-good price too), good food, good service, and though spendy, well worth the price.  We'll be back.
2	2.5 STARS ~!!!My boyfriend and I haven't really had time to celebrate our 2 year anniversary so this was kind of our 2 year & 2+ months anniversary dinner thing haha. I've had this place bookmarked for forever and it seemed like a good fit for us since we wanted something low-key and didn't want anything on the strip. I made reservations a couple weeks ago and requested a table right along the edge right by the water which is the only reason I chose this restaurant...I've worked in food and beverage so I know requests can't be guaranteed but they are still possible to grant with proper planning and especially if it is for a special occasion. When we got to the restaurant the hostess had 0 personality. Not even a smile, a welcome, a how are you, happy anniversary..nothing.. just borderline rudeness! I don't know if she was new but she seemed a little flustered. At that point a server came around and angrily asked her why she would seat a 6 top party with no menus.. and she mumbled something back.. IDK it was just a really weird start to the night and a bad first impression of the restaurant. We waited for 10 minutes or so for our table which was not a problem since you can kill time by looking around at their wine selection. We got seated and I was NOT happy with our table. It was small  and not to mention the farthest table from the lake on the patio. I had a view but my boyfriend didn't have any. UGH. Then looking at my menu I realized they gave me a brunch menu.. no one came to greet us or even fill our water glasses for 10 minutes. At this point I just wanted to leave... but my boyfriend was getting hungry and said we should just wait it out. Someone finally brought us water.. I asked the guy for a dinner menu and he never brought me one.. Then 15 minutes into us being seated I see 2 tables right by the lake finish and leave. If the hostess knew what the hell she was doing she would have had us wait at the bar so we could have been seated at the table I requested. But what ever.. at this point I just needed some wine badly. Finally our server came and took our orders. Apparently she had been there since noon which I had heard some other servers say too. So they are understaffed and most of their servers are tired. Our server was nice but half way through the meal I stopped seeing her so I'm assuming she left for the night... would have been nice if she told us she was leaving. The food was just OK here.. not bad but not amazing..if this food was being served at a restaurant that didn't have a view of a lake then I'm sure it wouldn't be doing as well. We ordered:-Bacchus Cheese & Charcuterie platter ($21) When the food runner dropped this off she started to tell us what was on it and then she stopped and said she forgot.. LOL wow it would have been nice to know what the hell we were eating but oh well.. It was nice to graze on with our wine.-Bread: Their bread basket was just some warm sliced ciabatta bread.. -Steak Frittes ($25) Decent steak with really crispy fries..-Crispy Maple Leaf Duck Breast ($30) It was good but I would have liked a more sweet glaze to go with it.. -In House Wine: You can just select a wine from the front store and bring it to your table and the server will add it on to the bill.. They charge $10 to whatever the retail price is.. Wines start at $15 ($25 in the restaurant)-Corkage fee: If you want to bring in your own bottle of wine there is a $25 feeI find it really funny that after they brought the bill to the table and after they ran my card they asked if we wanted dessert.. LOL In the end, I had an enjoyable night because I was with the man I love and the live flamenco player was a nice touch too.. but it also could have been due to the fact that we finished 2 bottles of wine so I was feeling good. but MAN Service I think is half of the experience of dining at a restaurant and this place sucked booooty in that department. If the service was good I would give Marche Bacchus 4 stars but it was just so BAD...I really am tempted to give it another go for brunch but I don't want to have to guzzle down 2 bottles of wine again just to enjoy my meal. HOT TIP: I have none. I hope the service is better for you.
3	This review will be in divided into two sections. Food and Service.Food: 4.2 Stars. My boyfriend and I ordered the Escargot Persillade, Lyonnaisse Salad, Crispy Maple Leaf Duck Breast, and Pappardelle "Bolognese". All were excellent. I highly recommend the duck. I did not know duck could have such a depth of flavor.  Also ordered creme brulee and "coffee and doughnuts". They were surprisingly mediocre compared to the outstanding quality of the rest of our dishes. Service: 1.3 Stars. My boyfriend and I were looking for a nice place to spend our anniversary. I looked up some places and after finding mixed reviews on Yelp decided to take the plunge and try this place out. I made reservations earlier in the week. No problems there. When we arrived the host appeared lost trying to find us a table. We were seated in a section next to a large party. It seemed that the server was either distracted or overworked the entire time. He seemed very rushed and forgot or ignored several things. Some notable missteps included water glasses mostly empty the entire time, silverware not replaced before food was served, and he forgot the sides ordered along with the entrees. This was particularly laughable. Our entrees were served. I assumed he was coming back with the sides. He checked in on us 5 minutes later.  I reminded him of the sides. The rapini arrived 5 minutes later (after we had both finished our entrees) and the truffle mac and cheese arrived 5 minutes after that. Kind of a joke when you are spending 30+ a plate. I went there for the food. It was great. Do not go for the experience. You will be sorely disappointed. It seems they decided to hire the wait staff from an Applebees.
4	This place is hard to find so you better GPS it.  Beautiful deck overlooking water is a great place for lunch on a nice day.  Lunch special of wine, salad and entree is a decent value.  Sauteed chicken breast was excellent.  But it's served with french fries rather than veggies which is really dumb.  Would be 5 stars if veggies instead.  Salad was also excellent as was the service.  Very cool place to bring your special someone.  Very quiet atmosphere.
5	Okay, still haven't been here for dinner (it's pretty G.U. since we live in So. Highlands) but lunch never fails to please.  For some reason I have been all about mussels lately and they're not something that appears on every menu, so I jump on them when I get the chance.  The Moules Frite at Marche Bacchus were FANTASTIC!  Washed down with a glass of Sav Blanc and enjoyed alongside their yummy pomme frite...I was in heaven!  Hubby's burger was a hit as well, though how you go to a French bistro and order a burger is kind of beyond me ;-)  The service here is outstanding, and sitting lakeside is a plus.  At least once during every meal I find myself saying, "It doesn't even feel like we're in Vegas."  We're kind of hooked on the Saturday lunches because we can eat early then hit the free wine tasting right after.  We always walk out with a bottle or two, or three.  Planning to do dinner one of these nights to get the full experience.
4	came for uye. its been a while since ive been here.had the english breakfast. im used to a sloppy breakfast. eggs all runny and messy. bacon dripping with fat. sausage dripping with oil. toast caked with butter. this was probably the cleanest looking breakfast plate i had in a while. the only time it got messy was when i started to eat and cut my stuff up. i really liked the pesto spread on my toast.only gripe is the pigeons walking around on the ground and flying on top of the tables after people leave. great brunch stories with angela and joe as always. =) those two should write a book.
4	I came to this beautiful restaraunt for an event being held by Angela H.  Thanks for arranging it!  Marche Bacchus is on the complete opposite side of town from where I live.  But, I didn't come because of the atmosphere.  That was a bonus.  We were seated on the patio overlooking a lake which is the center piece of this community.  I also didn't come here because of the incredible service.  Our server was Vince, he was on top of everything.  He knew when to check in on us and take care of our needs.  Again, I didn't show up because of the extensive wine selection.  Nor, was it because of the brunch.  A decent egg, bacon, sausage and toast with a garnish of broiled tomatoes; is what I ordered.  The sausage was the star on the plate.  The reason I came was because of the people that I am becoming friends with.  They are worth the drive and everything else was just icing on the cake.  There were 20 of us and it was great building some new friendships.
4	I've been wanting to come to Marche' for a long, long time. You won't ever run into this restaurant unless you go into the Desert Shores housing community so it's a hidden gem that some people may not even know is there. I did, because I tried unsuccessfully to buy a house here and got outbid at every corner.Angela H. put on a Sunday brunch UYE and we had prime patio seating for it. If it's nice out - take advantage of it! It's a shaded patio over looking the lake and has vines and potted plants giving a feel of being in someones lovely yard. It was busy, but not crowded in feeling and was a pleasant vibe for all of us to converse. I came late, but they were able to get my food out to me in a jiffy and our server was very pleasant. I had the buckwheat crepes with mushrooms and chicken. The sauce was pleasant and creamy and had to be sopped up with some bread, chicken was cooked right and I like the mushrooms were a mix of beech and oyster. The salad with it was a nice mix of greens with a hint of orange in the vinaigrette. I don't know why I haven't gone here sooner, but probably because my ego is bruised that I don't get to walk her from my backyard to brunch at the lake. I most definitely will be back as it's prime outdoor dining weather and the food was solid. I will be back for their weekday lunch special pre fixe as that seems like a great deal!
4	Love this place, had lunch on the patio after wine tasting. Food and atmosphere were great!  Unfortunately the service was slow which is why this is a 4 instead of a 5.
4	Spent Saturday lunch time at Marche Bacchus, I had not been there in such a long time the improvements are terrific. The outdoor seating area is so lovely it truly is an escape from the Las Vegas norm.Menu was great, my only gripe was an unresponsive waitress. It took for ever to get anyone attention. But I would still go back.Worth the trip and the cost.
5	What a fantastic place we discovered several years ago when I was looking to find a romantic place to take the GF.  Now that we live on this side of town, this has truly become one of our staples.  The diver scallops the GF ordered the first time we ever went were some of the best we have ever had.  The seasoning, the buttery texture, and the taste were all perfect.  It is located inside the Desert Shores neighborhood, so it has its own little charm.  It resides sitting on one of their man made lakes, and all of the dining is outside overlooking the lake.  The ambiance is wonderful with little cobblestone bridges and the like.  Lately on the weekends they have been having the new singer from Zowie Bowie provide music, and she really adds to the surroundings with her very lovely songs.  Very Romantic.The inside also happens to be a wine shop.  They are going to have wines here that are different from what you can get at Lee's and Total.  If you buy a wine from their retail shop, it is only $10 extra to drink there with dinner, so you are not paying the exorbitant markup you do at most restaurants.  On Mondays the $10 fee is waived.  On Saturday's at 11:30 AM, they do free wine tastings with excellent selections every week.  Make sure to go then and have your palette entertained by Alan who oversees the tastings.  His knowledge of wines is incredibly impressive, which is only outdone by his patience and willingness to help you find the perfect wine you are looking for.  Feel free to ask him questions, he will not lead you astray!  What makes this place so good is that they make you feel welcome and special.  It seems like everyone you meet there that has been more than once all tells you that they feel like a VIP there.  The owners and staff somehow manage to make everyone feel like a VIP, and when you are going out to enjoy a wonderful meal or a great date night to spend your hard earned money, that extra little recognition and service goes a long way.  Highly recommended.
1	Not kid friendly! We arrived around 5 pm, knowing that we did not have a RSVP and expecting a little wait. Upon arriving with our 12 year old daughter the Host stated it would be a little wait. There were 3 more groups of adults that were sat without a RSVP prior to the Host telling us they could not serve us and we had to leave. I have eaten there plenty of times, the food is poor and over priced by sitting by the water is what we go for. That being said go to Garfields next door. Way nicer employees, better food and kid friendly!
5	Lunch on the lake is absolutely beautiful, and the service is top notch!  I don't drink at all so I cannot comment on the wine or the expertise of the staff in that regard, but the food was delicious and I will be back!  I love Marche Bacchus!
4	This place is a hidden gem in Desert Shores my oldest brother was kind enough to take me here for lunch and I really enjoyed it. It was on that record breaking hot day that we sat on the patio over looking the lake. Even on this hot day the outdoor patio was very comfortable. The service was very good! I had the heirloom tomato salad this was one of my training push weeks so, I go completely meatless (fish included and try to be strictly plant based) big mistake the salad was ok but not at all what I expected (the reason I don't give 5 stars).My brother had the turkey sandwich with fries and OMG did it look good. A thick slice of fresh turkey breast with a red cabbage slaw he said it was great and offered me a bite. The fries looked perfect so, clearly the food is good! The place is actually a wine store with a great selection of wines and the neat part is for $10 more than the retail price you can enjoy it at your table. There was a young couple who appeared to be celebrating and had a new bottle of champagne. Well worth the trip I highly recommend it.
1	What a disappointment!  I should have heeded the warnings of the most recent reviews.  The only salvageable element of this place is the location/view. The waiter was terrible (and yes it was Joey). He should consider a different career path.  The food, once we finally got it, was definitely mediocre and not worth returning for.  We were there for Sunday brunch, and I chose it because it was down the way from Garfield's which was actually worse this day (never got waited on there...separate review).  I won't go into too much detail, but my advice is to not ask Joey for a vegetarian version of anything on the menu. He doesn't know what that means.  When I told him that I am vegetarian and would like the crab and asparagus eggs Benedict without the crab, he asked me if I'd rather have ham instead.  I repeated that I was vegetarian.  He then asked if I wanted the eggs.  I politely said yes, just no crab.  When they brought our meals, I had a nothing Benedict with bread and some asparagus. He offered to have the eggs and sauce added on top, and apologized for the misunderstanding.  It came back quickly, but the eggs were undercooked.  So I just ate around them.  Not going back.
1	We had a group of 12 meet for Sunday brunch.  We were all very excited about it, as we had heard great things and had reviewed the menu online.  After getting seated outside on the patio (which is very nice, overlooking the lake), we sat for 15-20 minutes before being offered drinks.   Strike one.  I had to flag down a waiter, who was not even ours to get drinks ordered.  Then, they ran out of coffee and "had to brew more".  Took a while to get coffee, during a Sunday Brunch?  We had to send the cream back because it smelled bad. I ordered the crab and asparagus eggs benedict.  Very little crab, just shredded crab, no chunks.   The H sauce over powered the dish, very salty,  My wife ordered the lobster salad croissant.  I tasted it and thought it was fake lobster.  We called the manager over to the table and asked him.  He said he had to check with the chef.  He comes back and says it is 60% lobster and 40% crab.  Huh?  He did not seem to think there was anything wrong with that.  He acted like that was okay to do.  It says "lobster" on the menu, so it should be 100% lobster.  I am convinced it was the fake stuff too.  Overall, the food was below average,  and the service was even worse.  Everyone in our group felt this way, it was not just me.  Slow to refill coffee and water, and very slow to get food.  The staff seemed to not really care either,  it was just like they were going through the motions, no passion.  Also, last comment, the glass windows need to be cleaned.  If the lake view is your thing, clean the class.  In the end, very disappointed and we will not be back.
1	WORST SERVICE EVERI hate giving bad reviews but there is no excuse for my experience. We came here for Mother's Day. Had a reservation set but didn't manage to be seated for over 30 minutes after our reserved time. Once we were seated we didn't see our server for over 10 minutes- this means we didn't even have water to sip on while we waited. Once we were given our water and menus- we didn't even have the chance to order for another 15-20 min as our server disappeared again. Long story short we finally ordered our food (took another hour or so before we received it), and they brought me the wrong thing. They "quickly" fixed it and got me the correct food. It was mediocre (at most) and I didn't even finish it. It looked/tasted like they gave me a dried out hamburger bun by wonder bread (you know... Hostess brand). When we got the bill they charged us for the incorrect order and we had to point it out to them. In all fairness they tried to right the wrong and took my item off as well as their required 18% gratuity. But even with the comp'd food, our bill was still over $200. Their desserts were amazing BUT definitely not worth $200 for a chocolate crunch. The entire dinner was 3 hours long. And it wasn't long because we finished eating and decided to talk. We were WANTING to leave but we hadn't even received out meal yet. Btw it wasn't that busy so I can't says "well it was a holiday and they were busy".  This place needs to get its act together as I've seen places like Olive Garden that are more organized and efficient than this place. And I refuse to eat at Olive Garden. I will NEVER return to this place. I wish the business best of luck and hope they learn from this experience so they may be better for the next customer who decides to eat here.
2	It is definitely not worth the drive.  The server was pleasant , but the wait for the food to be served was way too long.  The food was not worth the wait either.  The foie gras was a disappointment.  The best part of the dining was the view of the lake beside the restaurant.
2	A group of 5 of us went to Marche Bacchus for the first time this past Saturday.  Our reservation was @ 7:30 PM.  We were pleasantly surprised by the restaurant's view of the lake, the wine shop and the evening's entertainment.  However our waiter was frequently MIA and as a result the amount of time we waited was unacceptable.  It took almost 30 minutes to get our salads/soups.  After another 30 minutes went by we flagged down our waiter to find out where our entrees were.  When the entrees did come out we only got 4 out of 5.  It took another 10 minutes for the 5th entree to be brought out.  My entree was cold.  And my sisters entree (the risotto) was under cooked.  The waiter blamed the situation on new staff in the kitchen, but even if that was true he should have been paying attention to what was going on.  The restaurant was busy, but they weren't slammed.  I requested to speak to the manager.  He was apologetic, comp'd my meal and brought a sampling of desserts for the table to share.  I'm hoping this was just an "off night" but won't know for sure unless I give the restaurant another try.
2	Delicious food. Horrible service!! We arrived for our reservation at 1030 and were seated. They brought us water and took our drink orders. Drinks came and we didn't see anyone for 40 minutes! We had to go ask someone to come over to take our order. They didn't have someone over to take our order for another 15 minutes. Finally they took our order and it came out 20 minutes later. We asked for separate checks up front so there wouldn't be any confusion. Food on a Sunday brunch was delicious! I would go back for brunch anytime if the service wasn't so horrible! Halfway though our meal we asked for the check knowing it would take forever. It took them literally 45 minutes from the time our meals were cleared until our checks came. They told us they don't know how to do separate checks is why it is taking so long. Somehow they did it and everyone blamed it on everyone else. The manager blamed it on a slow computer and slow staff.
5	I have yet to discover something wrong with this place. I've been here for 2 brunches and a lunch so far, and each time I am more and more impressed with Marche Bacchus. Angelo, the manager, is extremely attentive and thoughtful in all aspects of service.  I am looking forward to trying this place for dinner some time soon. I hear it's amazing with live music to accompany your meal. :)  I'll be back for dinner soon!
1	Where do I begin?? My husband and family and I have been coming to MB for years; we even had our wedding rehearsal dinner here, but it has just continued to go down hill. This is what happened yesterday:  1. When I arrived on time for my reservation, there were only two tables occupied on the upper patio, but the hostess proceeded to sit me at an end table right near the walkway, crammed in by the planter. Certainly this was not a table anyone would want to sit at unless it was the only option.  The waiter moved my table upon request.  2. My father was served water and asked for lemon. Upon waiting about 10-15 minutes for lemon my mother had to literally summon the waiter to our table to request the lemon again. His response, "It is being cut."  It seems very odd that an hour in to brunch service they don't have lemon already cut.   3. I ordered a cup of coffee, it took 20 minutes to get a plain cup of coffee.  4. We asked for bread with our mussels, which a nice waiter/busser brought, but only after telling us that the new manager said no bread with brunch service.   5. My dad's "french toast" might as well have been bread and jam.  It was dry, bland, and cold.  6. The manager came to refill my mimosa and overflowed champagne all over my place settings, but he did not return with a towel to clean it up. Instead I had to take napkins from the empty table next to us.  7. My brother ordered the crab and asparagus benedict, which is on the menu, but was brought what looked like a sloppy regular eggs benedict, which is not even on the menu.  Upon receiving the correct meal, his eggs were so undercooked that he could not even eat it.  This is not only a lack of concern for customers, but a serious health risk. You would think that given the recent salmonella outbreak at a different restaurant, they would be extra cautious when serving food. The table next to ours sent their meal back as the eggs were far too undercooked too.   8. When I finally got up to speak with the manager inside, he was snotty and rude, which I can only assume is a trait he learned from the owners who spend more time drinking wine with customers than managing their restaurant.  9. Upon receiving the bill, my brother's benedict was still on the check.  Considering it was screwed up by the staff and then replaced with something inedible, I had to request that it be removed. Any good restaurant owner and/or manager knows that you comp part of the meal if it is incorrect. Lastly, the female owner decided that it would be smart to talk to my mother and I in the restroom about our disgusting excuse for brunch, but instead of being concerned and asking what happened, immediately, she had the gaul to suggest that, "This restaurant is not a fit for you and you should not come back."  Frankly, after what happened today, I NEVER want to come back to MB. MB needs a refresher in management and the first lesson: the CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT!!  We had an awful brunch today and the owner could have cared less.  Instead, she tried to make up some story about how we were loud and people complained.  No one was loud, at least not until she bombarded us in the bathroom. It has to be said that when other tables around us were upset about their food and service too (see Lauren G.'s review), I believe the people complaining about us were the wait staff and manager because they did not like being called-out on the horrible service and crappy food, specifically the use of frozen potatoes being passed off as "breakfast potatoes." For a place pretending to be upscale and high-quality, everything today was appalling.
1	This place is so overrated it's unbelievable! Try FROZEN pre-breaded potatoes for Brunch on a $17 entree!! Mimi's breakfast potatoes are much, much better!! Asked for lemon on the side for my water; that took almost 15 minutes with a second request from me half way thru; response, " someone had to cut the lemon"!! Our waiter did not know the meaning of the word "timing". Nothing was brought in a timely manner and confusion on his part was the word of the day!! When entrees finally arrived, my son's order was wrong, not what he ordered. When the correct entree was delivered the eggs were so undercooked and runny it was hard to even look at the plate! I watched the Manager pour champagne into my daughter's glass, get champagne all over as he did not know how to properly pour(this is the same Manager that told his staff not to serve bread to their guests as it was only Brunch!) Our bus person found that absolutely absurd as we did and gladly brought us bread while we waited. Timing was an issue all around us and other guests could be overheard grumbling about the lack of service and inferior food  guality. When confronted with these and other issues, Rhonda the owner and her so-called Manager just hide, do nothing to rectify issues and in fact, go as far as telling guests  " maybe this restaurant is not for you and you should not return"!! UNBELIEVEABLE!!!!! We have been to many, many restaurants in many parts of the globe over several decades; some are better than others and some are worse than others but none have ever had such egotistical snobs as owners or managers or whatever they want to call themselves! They can rest assured that we will never return (this was the second fiasco in as many weeks as we attended a pre-planned celebration with a large party that was also an absolute service and food disgrace! Try a Caesar salad that was absolutely limp and warm and $10!!) nor will the myriad of people we know. DO YOURSELF A BIG FAVOR AND FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE TO DINE. THE ONLY THING THIS PLACE HAS IS A DECENT ATMOSPHERE ON THE LAKE BUT YOU CAN'T EAT THAT!!
4	My wife and I love this place.  We go there every Valenties day for the Dinner.  We eat there occassionally throughout the year for lunch.  They have outside seating that has a beautiful view of the Lake.  Our favorite thing about the restaurant is that you can pick from a huge selection of wines.  We like to try new wines, and they are always helpful suggesting something based on the wines we know that we like.  The food has always been great, and we have never had bad service.  They are a little bit on the pricey side, but with good food and a great view it is definitely worth it.
1	Horrible Service, cockroaches in the restaurant!Last night, while having dinner at Marche Bacchus, I noticed 5 big flying cockroaches running around in the dining room around our table. My friend and I were shocked to see this in a supposed "high end" French restaurant in Vegas that has received great reviews. After addressing the issue with the manager and telling him that this ruined our experience of fine dining, he did not even apologize. Makes you think... if cockroaches are running around the table, they have to be in the kitchen as well. I will not return, because of disrespect from management, bad service, and major sanitary issues.
4	This is more of a 3.5 stars. I come here pretty often for dinners. I am sad to see all the negative reviews for this place but at the same time can see how it is justified. I love the vibe of this place and the view of the lake here. Place, it has a nice little wine shop in front so you can pick out your wine there for your dinner. This is a great place for dinner during the spring and summer times. The vibe you get from this place is fantastic and the food is delicious. However, the service is rather mediocore and needs improvement. The waiters/waitresses here are not very attentive. Sometimes no one pays attention to you for 30-40 minutes and your food is no where in sight for an hour or so. They make mistakes with bills and orders too. I tend to forgive them as I love all other things about this place.
2	Yikes. After quite a nice meal here two years ago, I organized a brunch for my mommy group and the service was really pretty bad:/We had a reservation for a party of 8 and after being sat waited 45 minutes to order, then subsequently had to wait and wait and wait each time we asked for so much as a refill on water. Twice a porter came to refill waters and then walked off with several of the glasses still empty- never to return with more water! We asked for our checks in the middle of the meal because we could foresee it being a looooooong wait, and unfortunately we were right.When the manager came over to ask how everything was, my friend mentioned that the service was really, really slow. He seemed surprised and eventually told us that it was because we needed separate checks. When we (nicely!) let him know that every aspect of the service had been slow, not just the check-getting portion, he mentioned the separate checks again and blamed our wait on an outdated computer system. When he came back 15 minutes later to find us still waiting he told us he had comped our bottomless mimosas due to the wait - which was nice of him! Only...none of us had had bottomless mimosas ($20), although 4 of the 8 had had single mimosas ($8). We all said thank goodness that we had ordered the singles, because I can't imagine how long we would have waited for a refill on the bottomless ones. I do understand that separate checks are not ideal (when I organize a group outing elsewhere in the future I will definitely remind everyone about bringing cash) but they can't treat separate checks like some sort of puzzling phenomenon that has never been encountered before. And the separate check situation just doesn't excuse the long waits and poor service in every other regard.
5	This was my first visit to Marche Bacchus.  I was a little confused by how the wine works when we arrived in the wine store and checked in for our reservation.  The waiter explained it to me, but my wife and I stuck to ordering glasses as we wanted some champagne before dinner and we were both having different types of meat.  (You can shop the wine store and they will bring the bottle to your table; it's like cafe's in Europe and a process not often done in the US.  I think it is neat and will arrive earlier next time to choose the wine).I started with the heirloom tomato salad and she had the scallops.  Both were delicious.  The bread was warm and tasty.  I had the halibut and she had beef tenderloin.  We ended the meal with cappuccinos and beignets.  We were sat at an outdoor table between two covered patios and near a water fall water fountain.  It was a nice table, but the fountain made it a little noisy.  I think the fountain would also look nicer if lights were added in or around it.My only complaint was that my water could have been filled more often, but for a busy night I was pleased with the service.We dined on 5/31/2013 at 7 pm and our waiter was Stephen.  He was very nice.My wife and I bought a bottle of the pinot noir she had with dinner; they sell the wines by glass by the bottle too and you can drink them there or take them home.  The wines by glass list is one of the largest and diverse I have seen; it took us 20 minutes to decide the wine and we were fine with that as it sparked conversations about the drink we love.They also had live music.  The singer was great and not too loud. It took us about 1.5 hours to dine which was not a problem since dining on a lake in Las Vegas is nice; we will definitely be going back.
5	Our go to restaurant whenever we are Las Vegas. We love the wine selection and the food is always soooo good. Never had a bad meal.
5	Happy Father's Day 2013!!!The gurlpren took me here for Father's Day and I admit, I would have never found this place because it's located smack in the middle of a residential area.  We arrived right before noon and it was still a little quiet, especially for great day like Father's Day.  Dining for us was outside and even though we were in the middle of 100+ degree Vegas weather, we were kept cool with the shade and cool mist. The service was great, staff was attentive, and the ambiance was relaxing.  My GF had a view of the lake, which was the relaxing part. My opinion, I had the best view. As for their food, lets start with their menu.  Their menu for brunch was simple and prices are what to expect from a French Restaurant.  Actually, their prices for what you get are pretty good. I got their Steak & Eggs, which is also served with some home fries. The steak was the highlight. I would guess about 6 oz of well seasoned, well prepared, and thinly sliced steak.  Normally steak & eggs come a little dry. Not here, their steak was juicy and delicious.  For my pre-steak meal, I got a cup of their French Onion Soup.  This was delicious as well. It wasn't overly salty and had enough of an onion kick to it. This was my first time here and I was impressed with their service and quality of food.  I'm still curious what dinner is like here so I'm going to have to come back. I'm also appreciative to my GF for surprising me with memorable Father's Day brunch.  1OAK!  Steak & Eggs:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=bsDfORivIAUj9CIkPL5FyQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQFrench Onion Soup:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=YnmW7qmYq_QgVaAjqr99_A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
1	No excuse to have to wait 30 min for a cheese plate and 50 min for entrees--two of which were the special sandwich of the day and another which required no cook time.  The service was awful and had it not been for us asking for water, or bread, or where our cheese plate was, or when our entrees were coming, we would have gone completely ignored.  All the while, a couple who obviously knew the manager due to the way they interacted upon entering the restaurant, was immediately seated, received their food 20 minutes prior to us (same dish), and were waited on hand and foot.This place used to be good.  I had been a few times when a different chef was in charge and it was superb.  Now, I'm not sure what happened.  Sure the atmosphere is top-notch, but with such dreadful service, and mediocre food, atmosphere will only go so far.  Look at other reviews--you'll see I'm not the only one complaining about horrible service.
4	I give this a four because while I think that the wine and the view are a 5, the food could be better. I am a simple girl when it comes to food and I love variety. The food is french inspired and really I wish they had a plate of pasta or a good chicken dish. It's fancy and fabulous and I simply go for the wonderful wine and view.
5	After hearing about this restaurant for a long while, I finally got out there with a few friends. It lives up to the hype rather well. Entering through their wine shop, we grabbed our red blend bottle and headed to the table on the patio (most of the seating is outside). The patio overlooks all that is Vegas and Summerlin: a fake lake with McMansions on the opposite shore. Nevertheless, most of us enjoy being close to bodies of water (however man-made), and I am no exception. The multilevel patio was constructed with care and dollars, and it makes for a great dining environment. We started our meal off with a cheese plate that offered five cheeses that covered a nice spectrum of fromage. From there, we went straight to the entrees. I had the roasted chicken. While I largely ordered the dish to have a lower-calorie option (which I am sure was still packed with cals), the dish turned out to be amazing - possibly the best chicken dish I have ever had. I also tasted both of my friends' dishes (steak frites and halibut), both of which were the cat's pajamas as well. The only dig I could offer is that the staff was not entirely personable. The host acted like it was a bit of a chore to seat us, and our server half-assed it. However, the manager did make his rounds and checked on us, which I always appreciate.
5	Marche Bacchus is like an oasis in Las Vegas. Almost all of their seating is outside on a beautiful meandering patio on the lake. On weekends they have live music outside. It doesn't feel like you are anywhere near the strip!I went most recently last weekend (6/22/13) and as with all previous visits, I was not disappointed. You walk in through a wine shop (they do not serve hard liquor, but who would want it with their fabulous wine selection?), so you get to walk through and pick out your own wine. Throughout the meal when it is time for another bottle, you can either go back to pick it out or they will make suggestions. All of their wine is very reasonably priced compared to most restaurants. Also, if you have a bottle that they don't sell, you can bring it and just pay corkage.The food is always fantastic. Unfortunately, they removed the lobster pot pie from the menu a few years ago, but they have other lobster mains that are just as amazing. The duck is one of my favorites. The pastas are amazing. For dessert, definitely order the bread pudding!! I have never tried anything here that I didn't like, and to make it better...the prices are extremely good for what you get. Can't wait to go back!
5	Another great experience. This is becoming one of my favorite fine dining restaurants. Go when the weather permits you to sit outside. Order wine from the shop. Do it right!!! This place is fabulous. Great food, great wine, great ambiance.... Highly recommended. I can't wait to go back!
2	This was my first dinning experience at this restaurant and I'm sorry to report that chances are slim to none that I will ever return.  The service was average at best, wait time was much slower than it should be.  The champagne arrived warm and it took over 20 minutes for it to get to an acceptable chill.  I had to ask the waiter to please bring more ice since when we complained that it was warm and they didn't respond.We shared the foie gras and it was extremely small for $20 and the toast served with it was so heavily drenched in butter it overpowered the taste.  We had to ask for plain bread instead.  We then had the salmon entree and a side order of the mac n cheese.  Very nice flavor and we left feeling satisfied.However, around 5 hours later, we both started experiencing stomach cramps and diarrhea.  This went on all night long.  I wasn't happy about spending $180 for dinner and getting sick, so the next morning I called to tell management our experience.  I wasn't sure what to, but I thought they should know.  She spoke to me very courteously, but basically said, ' they checked all their food for expiration, and no one else complained".  This reaction annoyed me.  I feel at the very least an apology was in order and perhaps offer of something on our next visit, anything!  This is very poor customer service and I will not return there again.  There are too many places for fine dinning here, i don't have to patronize an establishment that is not concerned about my comfort or satisfaction.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary lunch to keep up with the french theme since we were going to Paris for dinner. We got our reservations at 11 am which was perfect since no one else was there on the patio, granted it was a hot summer day. It was worth it however to be secluded to enjoy one of the most romantic lunches/meals. We picked out a wine, chilled Rose, which was just the perfect touch to our Soft Shell Crab Po Boy. The waiter was the best and he added to the romantic feel of the whole place. It was essentially perfect :) just try to bare the heat and go early!
5	We have been going to MB from its opening as a wine store to lunch with 3tables to full inside/outside restaurant to top 10 in Las Vegas.The wine is good, priced right and the food is wonderful.
3	The ambiance and view here are spectacular. We received good service but the food wasn't as good as I had hoped for. You will get a satisfactory meal, but after reading five star reviews I expected something amazing. I had duck, my husband had pasta, and we split a bottle of wine. We both kind of forgot about the food by the time we got home. If the price of the food had been a little lower I would feel better about it, but for what they charge the food should be more memorable.
5	I'm soooo Happy to have a replacement to Rosemary's.  Marche Bacchus is all about service, quality and value!!!! They have a great wine shop right at the restaurant that you can find all sorts over great buys on wine.  We went on Bastille Day (the 14th of July) and WOW, the place was packed but as alwys they never disappoint.  Special SHOUT OUT to the server Eric...he was not even our server and took the time to make sure everything was great at our table and opened our bottle of wine as are waiter was MIA.  They didn't offer service this good at Joel Robuchon!! Jeff & Rhonda please clone Eric's valiant efforts and well keep coming for many more years to come. THANKS
5	Food and service are a Hit or a Big miss (service especially) but the ambiance outside and wine selection make up for it, totally. I loooooove sitting out there and polishing off some champagne and having treats. They used to have ridiculous jambalaya but not anymore. They seem to constantly be having turmoil in back of the house so I feel like the chefs are always changing. I could be wrong. Who cares, the seating on the lake is awesome. Bring a hot date, get some delicious wine and a dish you know no one can eff up and have the best time out there. Cheers!
2	Wow, talk about under-whelming.  We got a table on the patio.  The doors over-looking the lake are all broken.  The staff wouldn't allow the doors to remain open because they kept closing/slamming/broken.  So basically we died of heat because there was no air flow on the patio.  The patio needs a major cleaning/reno.  Cobwebs in the corners, dirt on the awning/ceiling.  The service was mediocre at best.  Long waits to get attention.  I'm sure at one time the place was trendy - it's died.Meh.
2	The bad: Seems like the kitchen had a little trouble with our entrees.  I ordered the duck and the skin was not crispy and the meat was cold.  My friend ordered the chicken breast and I tried some of her dish and it was dry and overcooked - hard to swallow.  The child's french fries were also cold and over-salted.  The countertops leading to the table were filthy - needs to be wiped down.The good: The scallop and oyster apps were delicious. Our servers were attentive.
4	Romantic and French on a lake in Las Vegas? It actually exists.Vive la France! Honestly this is the creme de la creme of restaurants as far as ambiance is concerned in the desert. Marche Bacchus sports a lovely wine shop upon entrance. While you are waiting to be sat at a table you browse through the selections and choose your wine. It's quite an enjoyable experience as you prepare yourself for a selection to take home as well. The wines are labeled with tasting notes, a dine-in price (corkage cost), as well as a take away price. The dining is a mix of wine bar, indoor table seating and outside patio. There are fans and misters so that helps with the Vegas heat (or cool down with a freezing cold white). The floor to ceiling window enclosure on the patio open wide to the lake, with the passing families of ducks and lovely foliage that surrounds the space. The staff is friendly. The food is french bistro style. Time to time there is a lovely singer and her husband on the keyboard singing classic European songs (think - That's amore...) It's on a lake in Las Vegas you can't get much better then that. It's romantic but pricey so make sure the date is a sure thing!Oh the reason the one star is missing is because the service is hit or miss. We've been a couple of times now and the last time, we were practically ignored. We had our bottle which was getting very warm. We even asked the server for a wine opener since they were to busy to notice we had not been served and finally we poured our beautiful, delicious reisling (ourselves) into our water glasses, our waiter had dissappeared claiming to be getting our wine glasses - the horror - was the only way (for the wine snobs). Once noticed though, it was all good. After all its a restaurant in Vegas on a Lake. I forgave them!! Just hope it was an extremely busy day and this is not a habit.
2	Decided to take the family out to a nice brunch, so we decided to go here. We heard good reviews so we decided to give it a try. The breakdown: Lakeview was great. The service was lagging. Constantly had to remind our server to refill waters. (Even when his section was empty). Appetizers took 30min for salmon tartare and French onion soup. By the time we got our main course we were full on bread and patience. First time here = bad experience. Food overall was ok. There's no definite wow factor.
5	One of my favorite date night spots in Las Vegas. I have only been here two times and each time was for a special wine/dinner tasting. The past dinner was for a Nickel and Nickel pairing and it was so much fun. I highly recommend bringing a group of your friends together for a wine tasting night. We had a blast. The servers are fantastic and the food is yummy. They have a creative menu that I enjoy, but it may be too adventurous for some. (sweet breads and bone marrow ravioli were served at the previous dinner)The ambience is very romantic. The restaurant is situated on a lake with swans and turtles. If you love romance, then this is a great spot to take a special someone.
5	Solid 5 star lunch!Lakefront Lunch ($19.95) is a two course meal (you choose app/entree or entree/dessert) which includes a glass of house red/white wine.Speaking of the house wine, it is excellent!  I should have asked for the names!  The white is smooth and crisp, with just the right amount of bite.  The red is lovely...light and fragrant, with a hint of bitterness that works well with the Burger IMO.Half Pound Burger : Horseradish Black Pepper Aioli, Cheddar Cheese, Pickled Red Onion & Arugula.  You did expect me to go with the burger did you not??  LOL.  Happy to say, it is an excellent choice.  Initial squeeze drops the fatty juices, lots of flavor in the meat and the Horseradish aioli, and the pickled onion and arugula add a nice crunch and flavor to the whole picture.  I also love the french fry consistency here!Creme Brulee : Vanilla Bean Custard and Caramelized Sugar.  Good rendition!  Don't expect it to make waves, but it was a great way to end lunch :)Trio Sorbet : Strawberry and Lemon. Good..one lump was a little extra icy...the others were perfect, tasty and light.Service was very friendly, and the atmosphere is great on a beautiful day, sitting on the patio and overlooking the lake.  With the excellent lunch deal they have, it's one of the best places to eat in the neighborhood!Pics :
5	Marche Bacchus has a very special place in my heart... the site of the 1st "romantic" date with my husband.  We had a lovely dinner with soft live jazz playing nearby, then a walk around the lake.  The moments dreams are made of.These days, there is not much I enjoy more than sitting outside on Marche's patio, enjoying a glass of wine and splitting a cheese platter or a bowl of delicious mussels with my friends and family.  Pure Bliss!
4	Make a reservation to sit outside, it is beautiful and is like a mini vacation getaway. The waitstaff are phenomenal, very attentive and knowledgeable in the menu and the wine. The food is good, but maybe a tad overpriced. I felt like we were paying more for the view. My friend had the halibut and had to request chimichurri to flavor and moisten it. I had the pasta bolognese with short rib meat sauce, it was good. My husband had the french onion soup and said it had no flavor. The creme brulee was delicious but the donuts were nothing to describe. It's hard to knock the restaurant because everything from service to scenery is top-notch, even the entertainment was great, the food was just a little less than exemplary. I would probably go again.
5	Great food and fun outdoor dining area with view of the lake.
5	My husband and I have had the pleasure of dining at Marche Bacchus on several occasions and, without exception, we have had the meal of our lives and have been treated as VIP guests every time.  The ambiance is exceptional, whether on the patio overlooking the tranquil lake, or inside the beautiful dining room.  The wait staff is professional and sees to your every need.The food is the best to be had in Las Vegas - and that is saying a lot. I am particularly partial to the braised short ribs (I dream of them) and my husband loves the filet, which is the best in town.  I realize that caviar is not on everyone's bucket list but, if you have not tried it with a glass of champagne, you are really missing out!Wine, at every price point, is available for purchase in the adjacent wine shop and, even if you are a wine novice, the wait staff (most of whom are working on or have achieved one of the sommelier levels) can make an educated recommendation, never making you feel uncomfortable in the process.  If you have not tried Marche Bacchus, please make an effort to join them for lunch or dinner (my favorite).  Oh yes, and don't forget to try their desserts.  They are not to be missed (especially with a glass of dessert wine, perhaps a port?).This is not the place for the "woohoo" crowd, but a place for a quiet, civilized dinner.
4	I've been a three total date nights here since moving to Las Vegas from Santa Monica CA. My absolute fab food is French and I was worried I would never find anything like my Monsieur Marcel at the Grove in Hollywood. But alas I meet Marche Bacchus. The lake front view is the cherry on a fantastic menu and wine selection- not to mention the service is always stellar. The only recommendation I give is that they find a way to incorporate the meat and cheese deli. Yum!
3	My wife and I had a romantic dinner at Marche Bacchus.  We enjoyed our time very much and the food and service were basically good.  Reservations for the patio help.So why only three stars?  Value.  The food was good but not outstanding.Caesar's Salad: Take it--very good but an expected rendition.Steak Tartare:  Leave it--enjoyable, but the meat had tough spots and the quantity of capers overpower the mild beef.  The meat was too mild to hold up to the overwhelming capers.  Even the poached egg yoke and buttered toast was overpowered the meat.  The salted shallots to the side was the right compliment to the tartar.Maple Leaf Duck:  Leave it--There were tough veins in the duck but tender portions, too.  It was cooked perfectly.  Yet, it didn't really have flavors that enticed my taste buds.  The quince was a nice touch but didn't enhance the game.  The other side flavors were non descript.Roasted Chicken:  Take it--clearly the best dish we tried here.  Chicken sounds boring but it was much better than the duck.  The seasoning was subtle but done well.  The Spaetzle was enhanced with an herb reduction, which is more German than French, but who cares because it had an abundance of flavors that complimented the chicken.  We both thought this dish was extremely well executed.Sides:  we only ordered the Mac and Cheese.  I hate mac and cheese but with the Gruyere (a type of Swiss cheese) they put in it, it was excellent (it has black truffles, too, but there is no way truffle is going to sneak through the Gruyere).  The cream of this side overpowered the duck but who cares, it was good.  Just don't order the duck.Wine:  selecting a bottle of the wine in the store and then drinking it at the table was a novelty.  However, the prices are well over retail and the descriptions are a bit deceptive at times.  Look at the review next to the wine and it might have a 90+ rating.  Yet compare the vintage and it will be several years off.  Not honest in the wine world yet it can be informative.  Of course, then you add another $10 to open it at your table.  Fortunately, they offer wines as low as $15 so $25 for a bottle is affordable.Service: we got excellent service and the fact that the waiter spoke with a French accent only made the night more romantic.Ambiance:  who would of thought that Tom Petty music could be romantic?  Well, the way the musician of the evening sung, he is.  And all the other great 80's music as well.  The live music was enjoyable but the uniqueness of dining on the water, with the moon dangling just under the patio, this is what one comes to Marche Bacchus for.Don't bring a generic gift card; they won't be able to get it to work.  And if you bring some special discount, they'll add gratuitiy immediately.  I don't think there really is such a thing as gratuity here; there is always a reason to require it so really there will always be a standard service charge of 18%.So okay, it's a very high 3 stars, 5 if you only consider romance of it all but 3 if you consider the culinary aspect.
5	This place has an amazing wine selection. For Chardonnay lovers, try their rombreau! Ordered their salmon, ravioli, and bread pudding. Salmon & ravioli was amazing. Bread pudding was recommended by the server, but was nothing great. But that doesn't bother me since the dinner & wine definitely redeemed the experience. Wonderful ambiance, lakeside, swans, classical French music, great service, very recommended!!!
5	Mache Bacchus is amazing.  Entering thru a fine wine shop, you can pick up something reasonably price.  Then, proceed to your table.On the outdoor deck, you'll be treated to live music, and a spectacular view of the lake.  Although man made, you would never know.  Alas, I became fooled many of time.This is particular a good choice for a romantic evening, or comfortable and nice enough for a group of friends for an afternoon.  Delightful.I recommend the Steak Frites ($25), Moules Mariniere (mussels, $19), and the Roasted Chicken ($22).Wonderful, wonderful place.  Also, it is miles from the strip, and provides ample parking.
5	I dined here over the holidays and the the food was phenomenal.  It's on par with any top restaurant I have dined at in NYC.  It's a definite go to place for anyone living or visiting Las Vegas.
2	I have been a patron of Marche' Bacchus for many, many years. I raved to my dear friend about the wonderful food, service and ambiance the restaurant had to offer and chose it especially for her birthday luncheon celebration. Geesh, was I let down and embarrassed.We started with a five minute wait at the door while the hostess leisurely rang someone up. She finally finished, acknowledged us and seated us outside in a corner, even though there were plenty of lakeside tables available. Not to start out on the wrong foot, we accepted the lackluster table and gazed through the cloudy, plastic, weather-tarp in front of us. I watched the Manager tip a heat lamp around for a while in an attempt to fix or light it.After ten minutes of being completely unacknowledged, the waiter finally came over and gave us water. Sunny Sunday brunch-server personality? Nope. Seemed tired and unmotivated to be there. I have seriously received better service at Macaroni Grill. Isn't part of the dinning experience and higher prices great service? Not this day.We ordered a cheese platter and waited 20 minutes for it to arrive. Luckily the busboy brought bread and butter and we snacked on that instead. It was fresh and very good. The cheeses were tasty, but the sampling was super-skimpy for the price. Since it took another 30 minutes to get our entrees (which were only salads), we ate the bread and asked TWICE for more (or a cracker) so we could pare it with the cheeses. Unfortunately, neither arrived.The most annoying part of the meal was the mimosas order. We each ordered one and received them promptly. We finished them before our cheese chunks were gobbled down, so we decided to order another to help us cope with the humor of being ignored. The server filled our half-empty glasses and took off. We assumed the OJ would be coming right behind him, but nope. Straight champagne for us. When I got the bill, I was horrified to see that the Sunday Brunch mimosas were endless. We each only got a glass and a half and were charged $40! I'm pretty upset about that.MB used to be so delicious and set a certain standard for locals who know where to go to find the "good" restaurants. New owner? New manager? Not sure what happened, but I seriously felt robbed when I left the restaurant. I would have talked to the manager, but I was so frustrated by the time we left, I decided it would just be better to bite the bullet. So disappointed!!!!!
5	Stopped in for lunch on a gorgeous day so we sat outside in the patio area overlooking the lake. You'll see swans, turtles, and ducks in the lake if you come during the day. Makes you feel like you've just escaped Vegas for a second. The restaurant  has an impressive selection of wines that you can choose from. The food was fantastic. We had the beef carpaccio which was tender and very flavorful. The Escargot... only because we felt like it was the "french" entree to order..no regrets! The steak tartar was also very good but nothing special. For dessert, we had the bread pudding and beignets. Both delicious but the bread pudding definitely out-shined the beignets. The ambiance is surreal...very romantic. Overall I could not have asked for a more enjoyable lunch. Great food, lakeside seating, and classical french music playing. I can't wait to come back.
2	Our first time eating here. Maybe our expectations were too high, but we expected much better service and setting. Everyone's patio table wobbled, and our server was not very attentive. It took 3 tries to get him over. I made the mistake of using the women's restroom on our way out. If one judges a restaurant by its bathroom, this place must have a very dirty kitchen. Pictures attached. Wished we would have just gone to Vintners Grill instead of trying something new.
5	I was shocked to find out I have not reviewed Marche Bacchus prior.  I have been a regular here for years and guess I have always forgotten to submit a review. Having said that, it is well over due and deserving of my reserved 5 Star rating.  The service, scenery and setting is deserving of 4 stars alone, but the food pushes it on to 5 stars.My most recent visit was just for a quick lunch, but we enjoyed ourselves so much we ended up spending a few hours just enjoying the scenery and ambiance.  The staff is very friendly and efficient without being over bearing and ever present.  I haven't tried everything on the menu as of yet, but everything I have tried has more than satisfied.If you are looking for a quiet place for lunch, or a romantic setting for dinner you can't miss with Marche Bacchus.
3	The setting was nice, but everyone in our party of four agreed that for the price, the quality of the food was not up to par. I almost regretted ordering the bleu cheese bacon burger, but ended up being the winner of the group as I was hungry and it fit the bill. The creamed spinach side was great, but now you're looking at a $21 hamburger (waiter asked me if I preferred a different side than fries, but didn't mention it would be $6 to add on). My dad's short rib ravioli was undercooked and my brother's mussels were a lot of shells and not a lot of food (no side included and he left hungry). Service was decent enough, minus the upselling on wine and sides.
1	Just finished the Sunday brunch with my mother here, first off we were sat on a tiny table with chairs that were not even on the ground. Our waiter was rude and the food was sub par for the price.  I was very disappointed as I have eaten at this restaurant a couple of times before and had a great experience, not quite sure what has happened here.
2	Important dinner. We arrive and they dont even know which room to give us. They put out of restaurant. People close to each other that you cannot move arms. Food is good. Than at the end they count more people that present and higher price than agreed. Service very slow. Very very disappointed.
5	I actually came her for a drug rep dinner and I must say the food was amazing. I had the steak and it was utterly delicious. Topped off with the chocolate cake for dessert = perfect. I will definitely be returning.
5	Can't go in for food and not get wine; can't go in for wine and not get food,  Top shelf food, wine, service, lake location, ambience and entertainment.  My favorite restaurant.  Happy that I live nearby.  Changing menu of gourmet dishes.
1	I wish I could comment about the food but my friends and I never got to our table. On our way in, Tracy, the host, made us wait while she finished her phone call. When she was done with her phone call, we thought we were finally going to get our table. Instead, she started stuffing menus in a menu holder and then took another phone call. While she was doing that, my friends and I browsed through their wine selection to pass the time.  At some point, one of my friends asked her if they're open. After a 15-minute wait and almost as an afterthought, Tracy picked up 4 sets of menu and led us to our table. At this point, we already decided not to eat there. We declined and told her why. She was so indignant about being told that she was being discriminating. Worst customer service ever!
5	The food, service and atmosphere were absolutely flawless.  We will no doubt be return customers.   We had such a wonderful experience at this restaurant.
4	I've been back to Bacchus several times since I wrote my review, and I think I'm growing fond of the place.Last time, I wrote that every time I went, the food was worse and the price was higher. That is no longer true. The prices have stabilized, and I don't know what they're doing differently in the kitchen, but the food quality is way way up from where it used to be. They still serve ciabatta instead of baguette, which I still don't enjoy, but I've gotten over it. They have a number of really good plates that I actually look forward to. The Heirloom Beet Salad is just out of this world, as is the Lyonnaise (dinner only, unfortunately). They finally learned how to cook a burger (hooray!) so my medium rare actually comes out medium rare.I've now been for dinner a few times, and I think I enjoy their dinner selections more than I do their lunches. That may be because I've had their lunch menu several times over and it's getting a little stale (though to their credit they do try to change it up fairly often). But the king salmon entree is wonderful, with a lovely crust and perfectly cooked fish -- not too firm, not too dry, but also not sopping raw. Perfect. My mouth just watered a little, actually.I love foie gras, but I'm not a fan of their foie. I find the preparation too sweet. Foie is already incredibly rich, so I tend to favor preparations that don't add much. Just sear it and put it on some good bread with a dab of dark fruit jam and I'll be happy. MB serves their foie on a "vanilla bread pudding" with "winter spiced pineapple balsamic." It's sweet. Overly so. Then again, I had foie at Andre's and it was sweet there, as well, so I think this is just one of those things where nobody agrees with me.Anyway, I retract my earlier harshness about Marche Bacchus. You should go. You will like it.
1	This place is a Negative Star rating!  I thought the show "Restaurant Stakeout" fixed this place and corrected their horrible service.  This place is bad! Worst service I have ever experienced and the food was nothing special.  The Chicken Waldorf salad says it has "roasted chicken", it's more like a fried chicken that's dry.  The manager was not very apologetic and it didn't seem like they cared one bit.  15 minutes to put our order in, followed by another 45 minutes to get our food.  I will never come back here.
4	Went here for Sunday brunch and had an overall positive experience.  The dining room area is nicely maintained with enough space between tables to be intimate without being too intimate.  We sat outside and the view of the lake is great.  The patio area is covered in a fancy banquet style tent material that is functional but not tacky or cheap looking.  The only potentially confusing thing about this place is that the front is a wine store, with a wine tasting bar and doesn't automatically register as a hostess stand where one would go to seek seating.The service was excellent.  We had read from previous reviews about an infamous Tracy, but both spoke with her on the telephone prior to coming and were promptly seated by her.  Our server was excellent and attentive.I had the Eggs Bennedict with blue crab.  It was appropriately apportioned, tasty and served with option for caesar salad.  My wife had the lobster croissant.  The lobster croissant was an excellent blend of lobster meat in a light sauce with tomato and avocado.  The frites were thin, delicious and made a good accompaniment to the lobster croissant.I would recommend dining here.  Personally, I'm looking to trying a cheese plate and some of the wines.
3	I love the atmosphere and the service.  But the place needs more flavorful foods to entice me to come back.  Maybe a signature dish or something..
5	Everything is amazing here, great atmosphere, perfect service and delusions food. Love it! I truly recommend this place. The vine selection is huge, for every taste. Bering by the lake and having such a great experience is really something different for Vegas! Once again - make a reservation and enjoy the best relaxing European restourant!
5	My wife and I have eaten here a number of times for specialoccasions, and have never been disappointed. The food is sublime and the ambiance is wonderful. I totally recommend this as a place for special occasions and just for the heck of it. Much cheaper than other French-Continental cuisine places in town.The view is beautiful too... right on the lake at Desert Shores.
5	Last nights dinner was a culmination of years of work. I have been waiting and wanting a restaurant that is close to home that can provide an extraordinary dining experience off strip and. I hope it can be sustained and look forward to going back!
1	This restaurant has gone from a 4 star to a one star in a year.  Our waitress deserves the star but the food was horrible.  Lobster salad should be taken off the menu.  It had no flavor at all.  So disappointing! Will not go back again.  What a shame...beautiful location!  Understanding it's under a new management.  Get a new chef.  Change your menu also.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Summerlin. I first went here about 3 years ago for restaurant week right after I moved to Las Vegas and it has been a staple ever since.First, the atmosphere/ambiance at this restaurant is totally different from most other places in the area. Summerlin is a planned community and as such it follows the same pattern as every other suburb on the planet- every 6 blocks there is a strip mall with a Best Buy and a Chilis. Most restaurants are chains and look exactly the same as every other restaurant in the country. Not so Marche Bacchus- it is an incredible place with an awesome view of the lake. It is an excellent place to take your special lady friend or anyone else you want to impress with your faux sophistication (second best place- Buffalo Wild Wings). Second, I have always found the service to be exceptional. The staff strike the perfect middle ground between ignoring you and being overly needy/explaining a million things you didn't ask about. Notes on specific dishesFrench Onion Soup- not exactly rocket science to prepare, but that doesn't stop the Outbacks of the world from ruining a classic. This is great- very rich and no unnecessary flavorsSteak tartare- something you can pretty much get anywhere now a days but few are as goodCreamy Polenta- I love polenta so this is something I get frequently. The mushrooms make it less of a one note side dish and more of an appetizer. Veal- my absolute favorite. It always comes so tender and perfectly seasoned.Beef Tenderloin- the red wine sauce on this is amazing. I'm not usually a beef tenderloin person but I love this.
5	Food is excellent, atmosphere is great, Chase (like the bank) our server was awesome, all around a great time, will definitely be back.
3	It's good. I dig it. The ambiance can't be beat BUT......I hate it that they put their eggs benedict on Texas Toast. It's a french joint.
3	I want to start with a positive note. I love the Chef Alex Stratta. I will follow his food wherever he goes. With that said, the service was extremely disappointing. The waiter took forever to bring us bread & drinks at the beginning & basically ignored us most of the dinner. Other diners who were sat after us received their food before us because it took so long to take our order. For a restaurant of this caliber, this is unacceptable. The swordfish was a wee bit dry but good with the sauce. The salmon was good but one of my guests complained the steak had an herb he could not identify & left food on plate (he said it was all him & not the food). It was a ruined special occasion because of the service & the window almost crashing upon us.
4	Don't be fooled by the front of this restaurant/wine store... The real prize is the back patio overlooking the lake.  The selection was great and assisted by the very friendly and informative sommelier.  Our party enjoy a nice beef tartar for an appetizer and a few of us each enjoyed the spiced honey glazed duck paired with poached pares, sweet potato, and grapes... Some off the best duck I've ever had.  If you're in the area, do yourself a favor and check this hidden gem out!
5	Wonderful. The moment we walked in we were greeting by very friendly staff.  The service was excellent all around.  We were there for the Mother's Day Brunch so there was a fixed menu, but enough variety.  The Crab Cocktail was great; the Heirloom Tomatoes with Fresh Burrata cheese was heaven; then I had the Poached Eggs with Smoked Bacon & Ham topped with Truffle Hollandaise - OH MY!  Thought I couldn't eat another bite - until they brought out the best Chocolate Cake I've ever had, with Salted Caramel Sauce.  Wow.    The view is beautiful.  We were looking at the water, watching black swans, ducks & geese swim around. There was even a mama swan with a couple little cygnets on her back. It was so very cool.....very relaxing.  The atmosphere is perfect.  I will definitely be going back for the regular Sunday Brunch, and can't wait to have dinner there tool
5	Great food , good service with an awesome view of the lake . You feel like you have left Vegas for a mini getaway , the Escargot appetizer is great
4	Took the my wife here for our Anniversary Dinner. I had the Red Snapper and my wife had the Shrimp and Lobster Pasta, both were delicious and filling. Had to save room for the Bread Pudding...great experience here and not too expensive with their wine list.
5	Went here for Easter Brunch. They had a pre-fixed, 4 course menu with excellent selections. There were 4 people in our party and so we were able to try everything... And it was ALL exquisite! Service was also very good and the ambiance was beautiful right on the lake.
5	We got married here last week and our party of 29 had a wonderful time.  Rhonda had set us up to the side but there were occupied tables next to us.  Seemed odd at first but in a way fun to have others share in our celebration, with several of them congratulating us afterward.  Everyone enjoyed their dinners of either flat iron steak or swordfish which I heard was perfectly cooked. Our wedding cake was both beautiful and delicious.  Thank you!
1	I Hate long reviews, but I wanted to share my most recent experience here:Went to have lunch last Saturday and BOY what a waste of time and money. I've been coming here for years and I know that it is a hit or miss most of the time. It was packed, which is fine, they were setting up for large parties, but we were severely neglected (even though we were one of like 7 tables seated). Our server looked like she was having the WORST day of her life, and I don't resent her for it, who know what's what. We ordered Bloody Marys, which were basically shrimp cocktail sauce in a glass. I get using some horseradish in the mix, but the consistency and the flavor intensity was just straight up cocktail sauce. So disappointing because my man and I came a little hungover and were really looking forward to it. My pet peeve in restaurants is when stuff is sent out without anyone checking the food or doing a drink taste test. UGH!!! I had a french onion soup. It came with a large crouton with cheese on top of it. It was extremely inconvenient to eat, I was struggling with that big chunk of bread, glued to the cheese for a while. Tasty though. I'd really recommend dropping a piece of toasted bread in the soup and baking the cheese over the bowl, it's what French Onion Soup is ALL about, the cheese factor! I mean Google the thing for F sake and you will see many amazing ways of presenting this awesome dish! The bf had a blue cheese burger. He eats red meat like once in a year and was looking forward to it. Medium rare.... came out well done, extra dry and there was a very conservative drop of blue cheese on there. Meh. I had a turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce. First bite was like biting into smelly fish. The turkey was completely spoiled. I thought it was just me (because of the night before), the bf did a taste test and we sent it back. There was no significant reaction from the server, like AT ALL. And 20 min later she comes by and says "I'll take that off the bill for ya okaaay?" Like she was doing us a favor. We both looked at her and said "uhh... yeah, you will!" We noticed other patrons sending food back and the owner did absolutely nothing about coming over and talking to the guests or making apologies. Every time I see him, he just strikes me as a huge huge douche. And knowing this place (and many people who have worked here) he is and so is his wife. No wonder there is no enthusiasm in this place and why their employee turnover is so high. Shame.Do yourself a favor, skip lunch and have a dinner here. Service will always be total sh*t, but it's great atmosphere for you and your love and if you stick to perhaps the cheese plate, the muscles and other simpler items, you will not be disappointed.
5	This is one of my Las Vegas Favorites!!! Every time I come here I feel like I am not in Las Vegas sitting outside overlooking the lake with swans and turtles it is so relaxing...The food is delicious and the Wine selection even better! This is also one of our favorites for holiday brunches...If your looking for a great restaurant that gives you the feeling of being somewhere other then Las Vegas for a few hours then this is it!
5	My wife and I have always had excellent experiences at this establishment!  The food is delicious, the service is excellent and the lake view is serene & unique in the Las Vegas area.  I highly recommend Marche Bacchus!
1	Bad experience!  Blackened salmon sandwich appeared to be made with canned salmon and was overcooked, bun was hard and dry.  Caesar salad was very good.  $9.00 for one coke with 2 refills.  $8.00 for one scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Service was slooooow and appalling.  One star only because there wasn't a lower choice.  Too bad, used to be a good restaurant.
1	Even 1 star is generous. Brought my 90 y.o. Father & 85 y.o. mother in for their 1st time to celebrate Father's Day. When we entered the restaurant, the mgr greeted two guests that entered behind us then sat them immediately. When we approached the hostess, she asked if we had any reservations. I said no & she said it's not a problem as they'll set us right away. Then she said to take a seat and a wait. As we waited, more groups came in and were immediately sat w/no reservations like us. After 10 minutes of waiting in a restaurant that had about 90% available seating, my senior parents felt it was time to leave and give another restaurant our business.  On our way out, the hostess noticed us and said she can seat us now. At that point it was too late as it seems all that mattered to her anyway instead of seating guests was to stock plates & things for her espresso machine. Very rude service. Never even got to try their food. What a shame.
5	I was taken to this restaurant on Father's day at 1 pm and pleased to be able to be seated right away at a window seat indoors without reservations. This restaurant has expanded their seating.The first food I usually taste in a restaurant is the bread and butter (or olive oil). Most Las Vegas restaurants fall down on the bread. Here the bread and sweet butter was first rate which means it was baked in house instead of being bought somewhere else and heated in the oven. Next came the lobster salad croissant with French fries at $14. It was a real treat. Super delicious and the croissant was quite crisp even though it came with this salad. In short, everything was perfect. I will be back. Perfection is a hard act to follow but I am optimistic about a return meal.
5	I love your menu at this restaurant. I have eaten there several times. As a matter of fact, I met my love/boyfriend at your restaurant. The location is romantic and tranquil. The view is scenic and you almost think your out of the country.  On Father's Day I tried your escargot and I was in WOW ! I grew up eating escargot from my Sicilian immigrant parents that made their own from gathering the snails from our garden after a good raining day and feeding them cream of wheat and water for 30 days to clean them out from the inside out and plump them up before cooking them many different ways. But, I must say their recipe is divine!  Save the bread for dipping in the sauce of the escargot.
4	Amazing food! N great atmosphere!!! Love it!
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas. The food is always exceptional, always a good atmosphere. The view is beautiful and black swans just make the atmosphere more romantic! Would definitely recommend this place to my friends!
4	The food was delicious and the ambiance was amazing the live entertainment was so nice especially because I was celebrating my birthday, however the service was a little slow we were there for 3 hrs and waited almost an 1 1/2 to get our food. I think if our waiter would have come to our table just once to update us on our meal or apologize for the wait it would have made a difference especially when we saw others that were seated after us get their meals first.
5	This is one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  If you have wheels and don't mind driving 20 minutes off the strip, you can have a great meal with  a bit of  ambiance without being treated like part of the tourist "herd."  I've eaten here 5 or 6 times over the past three years and always had a great meal and good service.  Make a reservation and you'll usually be seated on the patio with a nice view of the adjacent lake.  The wine selection is extensive and a but unique.  You can self-shop for a bottle  from a  very nice cross section of better than average wines and take it in to dinner.  Definitely a click above your average Vegas strip eateries, both in terms of value and  a sense that the staff really cares about you.  You won't find Gordon Ramsey in the kitchen, but then again, you won't find his prices either.
5	Positively the best Westside restaurant and one of the best French restaurants in town!  Their bread pudding is well worth the wait.Be sure to get a table outside, overlooking Lake Jacqueline.
1	Went for brunch yesterday and while the food wasn't bad the service was TERRIBLE. Had to wait 30 minutes just to get waters, we watched the waiter serve every table but ours, asked twice for water and he forgot, as well as the mimosas that were ordered. Food was alright, although our order was messed up, however instead of doing anything about it by that point it was easier to simply eat it and not complain as we couldnt wait another hour for our mistake to be corrected. At times we felt bad as it was only one waiter for all of the tables. We did ask the person brining our food for water, but he simply walked back inside.  The manager didn't seem to be helping much as he was busy on his phone most of the time. The location is nice, but I was so upset by the service it ruined it. If you want to be upmarket, or trendy, or even have wine on offer, perhaps the staff should offer it, or at the very least say hello to the guests.
5	This is truly a shining star in Las Vegas.  Off the beaten path, this restaurant will offer its diners a superb culinary experience.  The wine choices are extensive and ridiculously reasonable, even the high end wines.  The menu offers traditional, as well as, modern conceptions with French-flair; all of which are brilliantly executed.   There is limited seating, both inside and out, so be sure to make a reservation through yelp.  We will definitely be back to dine again.
1	Very nice place and a beautiful view, but that's where it ends. The people right when you first walked in were very nice and accommodating. Our server was rude and the prices were high enough to be in the Wynn. This place is nice, but not that type of nice. Also kind of an older snobby crowd. Only thing that would bring me back would be the view and the swans!
4	SO, actually,  it's honestly 3/5 stars for the restaurant on a normal day.  i actually visited because of groupon deal --unlimited mimosa for 2, charcuterie plate, 2 entrees for $69. for the groupon deal, it was 4/5 stars...good deal for sunday brunch.venue: quite romantic. the entrance just seems like a tired strip mall but the restaurant area is on a lake, adorned with lights. it's not the most beautiful lake (lined with tired 90's build looking tract homes) but a lake is still a lake in a desert like Vegas. I visited in the summer but i bet it's quite pretty for dinner in the fall.service: prompt, friendlybottomless mimosas:5/5 *LOVE* how can you go wrong with bottomless mimosas for brunch? charcuterie plate:5/5 DELICIOUS. quite possibly the best charcuterie plate i've ever had. so many items on it and every single one of them were DELICIOUS. DEEELICIOUS. definitely coming back for this.crab benedict:2/5: this kinda sucked. i mean the eggs were poached decently. but there was almost no crab. and it tasted like limp canned crab with no lovin. NOT impressed. and honestly, by the time i had the crab benedict, i was already 3 mimosas in and super happy with the charcuterie plate so i was in a generous mood. if i had ordered it sober, sans charcuterie, i probably would have sent it back.truffle grits with steak: 3/5 truffled grits were fun. steak was meh. not a terrible disappointment, but not something i'd reorderi doubt i'd return for a non-groupon brunch. however, i'd love to return for drinks and charcuterie or return for dinner in the fall. it's a very pretty venue, away from the glitz of the strip. i'd say overall a decent place for a date--romantic venue, food not memorable, but not so bad it'd ruin the date.
1	I had planned to celebrate with my wife and friends at Marche Bacchus on July 14th. I made reservations in advance. When we arrived they seated us away from everyone else in a secluded area. We would have not been able to view the events for the evening. When we told the hostess this was unacceptable, she said that this area was the only seating available. We were deeply disappointed and departed. There are much nicer places around that know how to treat their customers and we will frequent them Your loss Marche Bacchus. Yonaka Modern Cuisine is one such place that does it right. They even lost power during our service and still performed outstanding.
2	Oh, what happened to this wonderful desert gem? I should have realized what I was in for when they got fancy with the pronunciation of their name! (We all say bacchus, but they now answer the phone with Ba-koos.) The "No, we really ARE French" theme continued with the waiter's fake French accent, which faded in and out, getting REALLY annoying when he was overwhelmed. We arrived after making a reservation a month earlier, and still couldn't get a decent table. We asked to be by the water, but the area where we were first seated had no shade. The mister system was out - management blamed that on a customer. We were seated inside, though I went here to be seated by the water. (We are repeat customers, and always go on Bastille Day; this year I took a group of 6 women for Sunday Brunch the day before.)My daughter had to wait over 10 minutes to pay for a bottle of wine, and she was the only person purchasing.After waiting over an hour for our meals, the waiter brought out 2 more charcuterie trays "on the house". Never mind that we still had the first 2, largely untouched because they were pretty lousy. The bottomless mimosas were great, and they did keep filling our glasses. At one point, it was to distract us from the fact that we'd asked for bread 3 times and it still wasn't delivered to our table. I had to ask for orange juice in my mimosa, even though I'd already had 2 in the same glass.The meal finally arrived, and the food was delicious. My Black Truffle Oil Grits with Beef Grillades was incredibly good, and everyone loved their meals.We were just all profoundly saddened by the disappointing experience at one of our favorite restaurants. The manager offered his card so that he could make it up to us with a free appetizer next time; I declined, as my friend has his card from the last time he came and had a terrible experience! I hope they pull their act together.
5	Such a great place for date night!  Being from the midwest and always around lakes and rivers, this place was a great find in the middle of the desert.  Such a romantic, relaxing setting lakeside.  Great wine selection and good food.  My fiance and I go there quite a bit.  Only one time did my steak not turn out the best.  Other than that, service is great and food/wine is excellent.
5	We just had a wonderful experience at this lakeside french restaurant! Chris our server is outstanding and the food was amazing too! Highly recommend this great place for brunch!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas - the ambiance can't be matched. Sitting outside (all of the tables are outside) overlooking a lake in Desert Shores at twilight can't be beat! And then there is the food - the food is always excellent! I have yet to have a meal that hasn't been well enjoyed. The service is always great - the servers help to make the night feel effortless! I will continue to come to this restaurant as often as possible!
5	The ambiance alone is 3 stars. The food was damn good. We ordered so much and the service was superb. Great for a date or chill evening with friends. The lady singing on the patio is awesome and easy on te eyes.
5	We dined at Marche Bacchus last week.  The hostess was very gracious and seated us on the lake as we requested.  The ambience is lovely;  They have a great wine store leading into the restaurant too.  Our waiter, Vincent, was so nice and accomodating. You should ask for him if you go. We had the truffled mac and cheese, and then their special, halibut with a lemon butter sauce with broccolini,  and for dessert the bread pudding.  Everything was cooked just right and the flavors were not salty or over sauced as is the case in so many restaurants.  The truffled mac and cheese is a must !!!  The absolute best.  You can see the chunks of black truffles throughout the mac. Cannot wait to go again. Kudos to the chef.
5	We got here without a reservation,  the host was kind enough to get us a table you the lake, it was lovely, watching the swans, the atmosphere is really relaxing,  one would not want to leave.I ordered the tiramsu, because we wanted just desert, my friend got creme brulee, it was delicious so worth it, I the tiramisu was so moist and nice portion side, the creme brulee was smooth and so delicious.Perfect for a date night
5	this place is great , the ambience , the food , the service is usually pretty good . I love this place , one of the best fish and chips I ever have had but it was just a chef special one day and I have never seen it back on the menu (sad face) . I love the burger , the soups , the wine , I have had some great dinners here as well , the steak was fabulous . Its a great date place day or night !!!!
5	Wow Wow Wow.  Ventured here off the strip, and Marche Bacchus was amazing.  The only part of the meal that was not 5 star was the service.  Service was probably a 3.5 - 4 rating.  However, the food was so good that it easily gets a 5.  Possibly the best meal that I have had in the state of Nevada. We had:- Foie Gras- Escargot- Seared Scallops- Trio of Gelato- An amazing Cabernet WineAll were delicious, and highly recommended.  I actually couldn't even rank these dishes in order, since they were just so good.  My co-worker had the duck breast, and he also said that it was phenomenal.  I can hardly wait to go back.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I had been there before to check out the wine list. The location is awesome. Love the cute lake and all the geese and rabbits running around. The service was not good at all and not even close to what you would expect from such a place. The server was bland, seemed flustered, no personality...forgot our wine (it is a wine shop/restaurant) and did not bring for 5-7 mins after first course was dropped. Food quality was so so. Extremely overpriced for what you receive. Very disappointed...sadly would not return.
3	Came across this place after searching on Yelp an available option while in this neighborhood.  I was travelling with my co-worker and we were seated outdoors in the back part of the restaurant affording a gorgeous lake-front view.  We were shaded under a canopy and cooled with some misters that make the experience more pleasant.  We were here during restaurant week and chose the prix fixe option.  I chose the fresh burrata cheese with heirloom tomatoes as my first course.  The presentation was exquisite and the tomatoes were absolutely delicious.  The whole dish came together well as the cheese was nice and creamy and the basalmic vinegar gave the right amount of acidity.  What a way to start off.  I chose the poulet frites, or roasted chicken breast as my next course.  The dish was accompanied with some fries that were tasty, albeit a bit overseasoned.  The chicken was a bit overcooked and dry, but the skin packed some nice flavor.  After the knockout for the first course, this was definitely a disappointment.I closed with the creme brulee.  It was sweet and tasty and the portion was decently sized.  I should mention that my co-worker ordered the tiramisu option, but he was told as they were delivering the dish that they "ran out" and could only substitute the creme brulee or lemon tart.  It was disappointing that this was communicated near the end of the meal, especially considering that we arrived when the restaurant opened for lunch at 11:00 am.The value was decent, costing about $30 per head before tax and tip.  Service was decent although they were slow in terms of refilling our water glasses despite the restaurant being nearly empty.  While the atmosphere was top notch, the food was uneven, but still enjoyable nonetheless.
5	A definite neighborhood gem, a must visit.  We've been there many times but this time, I was incline to make note to everyone.  I needed a place to entertain some very close friends.  The view of the lake, service, food, and John topped off the wonderful evening.  It was during Restaurant Week but we decided to order off the regular menu.  John approached us and greeted us.  He was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable when it came to the menu.  He made some recommendations and we were happy to heed his suggestions.  We order several appetizers, entrees and shared everything family style.  I preordered a dessert for my guests since I had to leave in the middle of dinner.  I had informed John and he was more than able to accommodate.  I was a little concerned about how I was able to tender the payment, include his gratuity, and be able to depart, but John took matters into his own hands and put my mind at ease.  He even called me after to reassure me of the final bill and thanked us for coming in.  Very professional and very appreciated. Everything from the moment we walked in to the time I left, was fantastic.  Everyone was engaging and seemed like they enjoyed their job and provide the service they did.  John was very attentive and extremely friendly, something that is somewhat rare these days!  Although I was amongst guest who did not drink, I was would be remised if I didn't mention their wine selection.  That in itself is definitely worth visiting for!  You can go shopping for a bottle of wine and then enjoy it at dinner or take it home, pretty awesome!After conferring with my guest after dinner, they too really appreciated the service and told me that they most surely will return with friends and family.  The food and ambience at Marche has always been consistent but this time, the service was well above par.  I, we will definitely come back and visit John! Kuddos!
5	Marche Bacchus review for Restaurant Week. A Four Course menu was offered with choices for three of the four courses.First Course: a cheese selection consisting of two cheeses, candied walnuts and an apricot puree with sliced apples. It was a very nice starter.Second Course: My choice was the Heirloom Tomato Salad with Burrata Cheese, Balsamic, Croutons and Basil oil. A tasty and a beautiful presentation.Third Course: I chose the Roasted Salmon with Syrah Sauce served over Rice Beans and Tuscan Kale. The Salmon was cooked medium as ordered and had a great crispy skin.Fourth Course: I selected the Tiramisu. Not the best I have had but creamy and filling. Service by our waiter Vince was friendly and attentive. Timing of the courses was well spaced and provided ample time to enjoy the lake and the various water creatures.Thanks to Jeff and Rhonda for hosting a wonderful Restaurant Week dinner.
5	We were married today, and wanted a quiet and nice place to celebrate. We picked about the best spot imaginable. Our service was impeccable; the waiter was fun and friendly and very knowledgable about the wine. The ambiance is perfect -- you walk in and can see the wines for sale, and the inside booths are cozy. (We asked to be seated inside, but it looked like outside was also lovely.)We started off with the polenta appetizer, which was very tasty. Husband had the seafood pasta dish and it was delicious! I had the duck which was cooked perfectly and was delicious as well. We finished the meal with a creme brulee which was the perfect consistency. We could not have asked for a better dinner to celebrate our wedding.
5	Loved the atmosphere!  So beautiful and the food was great!!!
4	I took my parents here for lunch while they were visiting.  Who knew such a gem would be in a small strip center?  The outside patio has a beautiful view of the lake, and our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable.  The wine shop in front is nice as well.  We will definitely be back.
4	Great views and ambiance. Wonderful service. So so food. The eggs benedict was overcooked and the quiche was bland.
5	You can not go wrong with this place!Amazing location. Great wine selection! Great food.Started by french guy, great concept and when the new owners took over they kept it intact!
4	Good brunch except the main course, very dry croque Madame, they made up for it with a free dessert
4	What a rare little gem this place is! Waterfront (lakeside) French bistro and wine shop in Vegas...a charming setting. I love dining on the patio where geese and ducks swim up to the open patio windows...just makes me smile! The setting is serene and romantic, and, the service and cuisine are great.
5	Location...wow...simply breath-taking. For a moment there, I forgot I was in Sin City.Over 300+ reviews so we all know how great this place is. Nothing else to add except....They added a handful of pasta dishes. DELICIOUS DELICIOUS! Something that they're doing different than other restaurants is the option of making your pasta as an "appetizer" or "entree" portions. This is such a great idea....especially for small eaters. The appetizer portion was perfect for my date and myself. I had the Shrimp and Lobster pasta with a spicy garlic tomato sauce. My date had the Papperdelle meat pasta.  We also ordered Parmesan garlic fries and a Cobb salad.I feel like this is a perfect place to go during the spring/summer time....when it starts to get dark later. The sunset glistening and you see the reflection on the lakes....oh mai gawd! LOL. Gorgeous...just gorgeous. Don't know how well it'll be during the colder months though. I'm sure if you're not a fan of the cold...it would be a struggle.Definitely a great hidden gem here in our city!
1	Beautiful view, but surely the worst meal i have ever had. My eggs rancheros had no flavor! How is that possible?? And Scott's Benedict was so bland! These cooks clearly hate their jobs and are surely sabotaging it.
4	We came back here two years later to try it out again.First and foremost, the service was excellent. We had the hostess greet us kindly and sat us immediately. It was very busy for Sunday morning brunch, but they seemed to handle it very well. Our waiter was awesome and was always making sure to check up on us and that we had enough drinks and that our orders were coming out in a timely manner. I was very impressed and happy. As I had stated in my previous review, the food here has never been bad, and has still never been bad. We had - Crab Cake Benedict - Just as good as we remembered. Cooked perfectly, the Hollandaise sauce was delicious and overall exceptional. The Tuffled Grits and Beef Grillades - The waiter recommended this dish. I wasn't too fond of it. I ordered it because I order anything that has Truffles in it. I'm obsessed with the smell and flavor. The dish really did not have a strong truffle smell. I guess I wasn't a fan of it for breakfast food. I think I would want this type of dish more for dinner. But, to each their own. It was still tasty! They serve great mimosas and are quick to top you off. And they have bottomless for $20pp if you're interested. Overall, we were very happy to go back and try this place again. As always, it's very clean, nice chill music with a pretty view of the pond. We love watching the black swans that are swimming around. Can't wait to go back for dinner!
5	I've been coming here since 2005 and have had a great experience every single time. I love the fact that they have a great wine store and you can buy the wine and drink it for a small fee. That certainly beats paying double or triple which is what most restaurants do.the View is awesome especially close to sunset. I certainly have my favorites on the menu as i have dined here dozens of times but always seem to order the escargot and mussels. the cheese plate is awesome as well. I usually always try something different for the main course and sometimes just keeping ordering more mussels as the main as they are that good. We also used them for catering our holiday party which everyone enjoyed! Keep up the great work
5	Shame on me for not reviewing MB yet!This gem is on the water (yes, a an actual, albiet man-made, water-way in Las Vegas) in Summerlin. Be sure to sit on the patio and be ready to feel as if you aren't in our beautiful desert climate. On your way out you can peruse their wine shop and pick out a bottle to accompany dinner. I like my bubbles, so insisted on champagne and a bottle of white.I wasn't as impressed with the live music/entertainment as some other Yelpers. I think live music is very important to ambiance but my preference would have been a talent like Daniel Park or perhaps a straight acoustics musician. The man there this was a bit off his game (maybe he was sick?)Anyway, on to the food! We ordered:French Onion SoupDuck Confit Salad (Favorite!)ParpadalleWhite fish (special du jour)There is no question that I will be back soon. MB is a nice alternative to the glitz of dinner out on the Strip.
1	They should rename this place Marche out the door or Marche not gonna come here anymore. The service was appalling. Brunch took two hours and the first hour and fifteen minutes was waiting for our food. Then it arrived cold. Everyone around us got their food even though they sat down after us.  Poop on your Groupon I guess.  Don't sell Groupons if you don't want people to come in and use them. We will not be back!!!!  No apology from the waiter for the food taking so long. He was too rude to even acknowledge the wait. No apology from the manager. He couldn't even be bothered to come by the table when we told the waiter our food was cold.
5	Spent a spectacular morning at Marche Bacchus.  What a view, the lake makes for a  peaceful meal and the swans are beautiful.  Our server, Rene, was superb.  Very efficient but not overbearing, always making sure our champagne glasses were full.  The food is outstanding.  We shared an order of the escargot and was thrilled.  It was the best I have ever eaten.  And you can't go wrong with the bottomless mimosas for $20.  There were 4 in our party and we all agree we will be returning to this great restaurant for brunch, lunch and dinner.  We did not even know this place existed until an offer was posted on Groupon!  I'm glad we took advantage of it.
5	If you weren't in a relaxed, good mood when you got out of your car, you would be, as soon as you walked in. The beautiful wine shop leads to a spacious and open dining and entertainment area with a water view (yup, water view in the desert). Our server was so warm and genuine -- I think we wound up exchanging Christmas cards and recipes by the end of the meal.  Food is delicious -- the heirloom tomato salad could compete with the salads of any celebrity chef on the strip; and the braised beef would be right at home in the French countryside.  If you're dining out in the burbs, put Marche Bacchus at the top of your list
3	ONLY 3 Stars - great food, POOR service. From the moment we arrived something seemed to be off. We had to wait 15 minutes past our reservation, seated in a smoky dining room (something had burned in the kitchen) giving some of us headaches and freezing us with the door being open on the first cold day of the year. The staff seemed totally disorganized and preoccupied. We waited 10+ minutes for mamossas, another 5 minutes for waters, and then another 10 minutes for server to take orders (40 minutes into our visit). Ou server knew we had a Groupon voucher, not sure why he didn't offer to bring out cheese and charcuterie platters after serving drinks - that was a given. Instead we sat waiting for entree orders to be taken. Entrees came out before finishing our cheeses, etc. Sadly, it was just annoying all around. It wasn't the most pleasant experience. The stars are for great tasting food. Everything was delicious! Not sure if we'll go back though.
3	Decent wine selection, but professional ettiquette was a bit off.  It was a bit odd for one of the staff assisting me in my wine selection to keep low-balling the wine. I have money, dude. So why not upsell?  He seemed a bit afraid to show me anything expensive, and kept referring me back to the $20-30 section.  For the most part, staff felt friendly on the surface, but I kept feeling hovered over, which took away from the cozy ambience and nice selection of wine.  If you can deal with awkward treatment in search of good wine, then this place isn't terrible.  Points for selection, not on customer service.
4	This place is great.  The food was interesting and prepared well. The wine shop attached to the restaurant was what really set this place apart. Being able to select your wine from the fantastic selection based upon your menu choices was fun and only added to the wonderful evening. Believe me when I say I will be back. This place is a true hidden gem in Vegas.
2	Staff is friendly and awesome and goes above any beyond!   But the female owner or manager is such a heinous catty women!  I hated how she talked down to EVERYONE...including ME!  I feel bad for her staff!
5	Great meal and service.
4	I can't believe I live nearby and wasn't aware of this place. It has a lovely atmosphere and delicious food. - A great place to meet with friends, have a glass of wine and chat. Sitting near/ the views by the water makes it feel as if you are no longer in Las Vegas.
4	I would say the only reason I am giving this restaurant four stars is because of the setting. I love anything outdoors and with a view.  The food here is so-so. Made reservations for Christmas. Ordered the Bacchus cheese plate but ended up with the artisan...it was a sad excuse especially for $18. There were maybe 4 pieces of cheese, 3 grapes and two hard pieces of raisin bread. Duck salad tasted nothing like I was expecting but maybe because my favorite salad in the world is the duck salad at Hakkasan...this one doesn't even compare and the dressing didn't pair well with the overall taste of the rest of the salad. French onion soup is just that, average. I ordered a daily special of Chilean sea bass which the waitress said was amazing. It wasn't. It was good but that was about all I can say about it. The tiramisu was okay too tasted more sweet than coffee-like. Overall, the food is really quite average and I think my favorite part was the wine choice (a Riesling kabinett) and the bread brought at the beginning of the meal. With that said though, I will be back in spring to try the brunch because I love the ambience especially when it starts to warm up.
4	I'm not sure if I have ever posted a review of this hidden gem, but if not I apologize.Maybe I just didn't want the rest of you crowding one of my favorite dining places!!!In any case, went here for a late lunch, and had help selecting a nice French Cabernet to accompany our meal.We started with the cheese plate, which they have never disappointed us with. They do know their selections and we were quite happy with the choices. (especially a nice blue cheese)went on with an order of escargot, a simple but well prepared dish. DON'T let them take away the plate.....the butter/garlic/parsley sauce perfect for the bread! YUMtried the duck confit salad and seared foie grasagain, this place has not disappointedfoie gras was nicely prepared, always love it hereduck confit salad was nice, nothing spectacular, but hey, its a duck salad!last dish we tried was the forbidden rice with chicken....I really enjoyed the richness of this dish, went nicely with our wine!again, sorry if I haven't let you all in on this place yet, it is always our favorite and had never failed to disappoint us!
4	I love this small, cute bistro overlooking the water at Desert Shores. Excellent wine with knowledgable staff that helps you select. The patio is gorgeous in any season. We dined in winter and it was warm & comfortable near the fire places. Escargot was garlicky & buttery- perfect to dip your crust French bread in. Flat iron steak seriously melted in your mouth and was cooked exactly as I ordered. Love this place.
5	I have been here twice both for breakfast and both times I have had a good experience.  My only knock is that I was looking at the wines and no one ask me if i needed assistance.  I was looking at bottles of riesling and a bottle did not have a price, it was located away from the other rieslings but over by the beer.  Im glad I didn't buy a bottle because I was the only one in my party that had wine.  Their btw option for riesling was great and paired great with croque madame.  Dont adjust your eyes Im a mexican that likes white wine hahahaha
