3	Well. Maybe. We loved the antipasto (cold cuts and really good cheese, beets and these amazing marinated carrots) and the pizza. But were disappointed with pretty much everything else we ever ate there. Good house dressing, though.Meatball pizza was particularly delicious. Inside, you might find yourself eating with the early birds (kinda fun) or karaoke (kinda not). And then after awhile it got annoying to pick up pizza in Bloomfield.
3	IheartPGH and friend of IheartPGH stopped in for dinner.  Monday night is buffet night!  $8 gets you soup, salad, iced tea, coffee, Italian buffet with pasta, meatballs, sausage, chicken, vegetable AND dessert.  Del's is a great local restaurant and was pretty busy for a Monday night - not packed but busy enough to make you forget it was a Monday.  This is a family establishment, the food is decent and it is worth a trip for dinner.
2	This is not the food my Italian grandmother used to make me when I was a small child. I distnctly remember what her sauce tasted like after being cooked for more then 3 days on the stove. Del's is however ok. I think everyone hyped it up to much for me. I just wasn't impressed by any of it.
4	I love this place.  Nightly specials for under ten bucks where they serve you way too much food (Tuesday I get the fried shrimp, Wednesday Lasagna or Spaghetti or Eggplant Parmesan).  I don't know how they make any money.  The quantity of food is, literally, too much for a reasonable person to eat in one sitting.  And the quality is pretty good, too.  They put the Prima Donna to shame.
3	If there was a 3.5 star option, then I would have gone with that for Dels.  All of the other reviews I've read have pretty much been spot on.  The food is decent, with HUGE portions (I ate mine for 3 large meals).  The menu is pretty limited with some sandwiches, pizzas, and pastas.  If you dine here I would definitely suggest one of the specials, like the Monday Night Buffet.  If you order a pasta with oil, or oil and garlic then be prepared for at least a half a cup of oil to be at the bottom of your bowl, and don't expect any real chunks of garlic either.  The service I've had has always been good (even with large parties), and I probably will dine again at Dels, but I wouldn't go there for an unforgettable Italian dining experience.
4	Maybe I'm a bit spoiled, but I wasn't ready for the quality (and quantity) of food I got at Del's. The service was immaculate and the kitchen reminded me of the little Italian joints still around in the NOLA 9th Ward/Chalmette. I had 2 completely oversized dishes with salad (try the marinated carrots...outstanding) and drinks. Good price and great food. I'll definitely be back!
1	I can't believe some of the reviews I'm reading, this is one of the worst italian restaurants in the city. I went with a group and they got the $5 pasta or pizza option. Their pizzazs came out burnt and tasteless. I ordered from the early bird menu and chose the stuffed shells. "How could they screw that up?" I thought. The french onion soup was served with a block of barely melted mozzarella and burnt bread inside the soup. The broth was far too oily and tasteless. The salad fared little better. The house dressing was 90% oil, with the only saving grace being the marinated carrots. The shells were by far one of the worst things I've ever eaten. They were hard shells, filled with a gritty, salty cheese mixture in some of the rankest tomato sauce I have ever had. It tasted old and acidic and was so bad I only ate one shell. The early bird also included dessert and a choice of brownie or vanilla ice cream. I hoped to save the night with a nice small dish of vanilla ice cream, but what I got was a scoop of freezer-burned off-brand ice cream. I will never go back here again.
4	Best Italian food I've found in town so far.  Four folks, four dishes, all perfectly done.  My father got the lasagna, and it wound up being two or three meals worth of food.  My food was original and delicious, my girlfriend's food was awesome, and my mom's choice (spaghetti + meatballs) doesn't take much for a kitchen to get right, but it was spot on.Will be headed back to check out the Sunday Brunch Buffet soon.  Good, inexpensive, tasty food.
4	I was looking for a family-friendly place to go with some relatives, and I happened upon Del's on Yelp. As we sat down to eat, we were greeted by a very kind waitstaff. Our waitress was very understanding as we were ordering and even allowed one of the kids with us to taste something before ordering, which was very sweet. We were sent lots of bread when we ordered, and plenty of water. The food was mixed. The alfredo sauce was out of this world! The pizza was fair-to-good, and the salad was excellent. The buffet seemed to serve food of a lower quality (and price), and was pretty disappointing. The fish was okay, and same with the buffalo chicken wings. The portions were gigantic! It makes the slightly high prices seem almost worth it! They also threw in an extra complimentary dessert (some dishes come with it, some don't). The dessert portions for those ice creams we got were perfect--not over the top.Overall, it was a great family restaurant, comfortable and nice. The food had its ups and downs, but on the whole was good. I'd definitely come here again!
3	Very good pizza and meatballs, and very low prices.
2	Food gets worse every time I go there.  Seems to have high staff turnover. Not what it once was.
4	Maybe it helps that I was with a great and fun group of people... but we really enjoyed ourselves here!Overall, I would say the food was good.  Being from the NYC area, I am always weary about Italian food in any other area of the country.  I was surprised here by the entire experience (and in a good way).First off, our server (Andy- a girl) was great.  She was funny, fast and accurate.  She played into the fun we were having, and that is always great.  We stopped at the bar first for a few drinks, and the bartender too was great.  Let's face it... service goes a long way in any restaurant experience.I judge Italian places by 2 things usually:  Calamari and Veal.  I took a leap of faith and tried both.  The calamari was tender and cooked right.  The breading was not my favorite style, but I know that varies a bit.  The sauce it came with was good though... plenty of flavor.  As far as the veal, it was not tough, cooked right and good flavor.Overall, the value here was great.  Everyone enjoyed their food (we had 8 of us so plenty of different items) and walked away stuffed.  From the apps to salad to entrees, everything was done right.  And as far as the price... it REALLY is hard to beat anywhere.  Including drinks before, 8 of us enjoyed a fun meal for under $300.  Not too shabby!
2	We went there one night recently because we just wanted an uncomplicated meal. In that respect the evening was a success.We had calamari and bruschetta for appetizers; both were reasonable. Our mains included lasagne, pasta with bolognese and one of their specials, spaghetti with puttanesca sauce. The lasagne and pasta were fine, but the puttanesca was pretty awful; much too oily and mixed with slices of rather vile sausage. I couldn't finish it. The house wine was likewise pretty awful. (How hard can it be to spend that extra $2 per gallon? Customers tend to remember the little things, and they're so easy to get right.)Service on the other hand was great; attentive and friendly.
2	We went here because most of your very helpful reviews on yelp.  We are planning on moving here later this summer and found this place as we were wondering around.It looked cute, it looked friendly and it was filled with old couples and families.  It looked promising.The food was awful! We ordered a shrimp, spinach and tomato pizza and the lasagna.  The waitress promised me that their pizza was thin crust and that it was amazing bread.  Boy was she wrong! It was think and because of the toppings it was also soggy on the bottom.  Not really what I consider good pizza.  Then the Lasagna tasted like something you would get at the kids section of a Sizzler.  Plus the bottom noodle tasted like it had been soaked in vinegar.  It was weird and very unappetizing.  This place only got two stars because we liked our waitress, she was a little wrong about the pizza but she was nice and very prompt.  The place wouldn't even get stars if that was possible.  There is better Italian food in Pittsburgh and now I just have to find it.
1	Hard to believe this restaurant passes as authentic Italian, there is nothing on the menu that you would not find at an Olive Garden, which I have been to once, and I would say it was better food.  The appetizer selection was just deep fried things (Italian?), and the taste of dels entree was equally bad, blend, just salty, everything just salty no flavor, no fresh ingredients.  And EXPENSIVE to boot.
2	Mediocre, overpriced, uncreative. Nothing on the menu that you wouldn't find in an Olive Garden, and it's not particularly well-executed.Gets two stars instead of one because of the helpful service.
1	I ordered the pasta with clam sauce, and I am 99.9% sure the clams came from a can.  Ick.  All of the food was warm, not hot, and for some inexplicable reason our bread was wet.Not recommended if you enjoy good food.
3	Sat at the bar, ordered a beer and pizza... FIrst time at Del's.First things first, alchol.  Standard beer and liquor selection, not a problem, but not a whole lot of variety.On to the Pizza...  Pizza was solid, better than Pizza Hut, but honestly it is close to the best I've had in Pittsburgh (isn't saying much, haven't tried a whole lot of Pizza in Pittsburgh).  The crust was pretty good, cheese was alright, but the pepperoni kind of sucked, probably from GFS. The atmosphere was, ehh.  Two older ladys, probably in their late 60's getting hammered (one of them fell outside when they left, haha), two factory workers pounding brews before they started their shift (I had a conversationg with them).  I liked it, I like the less than pretentious feel of the place.  Will I go back, probably.  Are there better option, definitely.
1	I had some Mafalda pasta catered from here,  and was eager to try some real dishes at Del's.  Boy, was I disappointed!PROS: large portion (not sure if this is a good thing, given how the food tasted), has a parking lot attached, flat panel TV in the background, reportedly has coupons/deals on certain daysCONS: food just tasted bad. For an expensive dinner for 2 (over $40), I expect bread that's not stale, marinara sauce that doesn't taste like it's Ragu, and at least some depth of flavor in the food. I ordered the "special" of the night, egglant napolean, my first forkful was cold in the middle. That means they freeze, then reheat a $20+ plate. Sorry, just not acceptable. Decor was horrible, plastic floral table cloths. Bottom line, both my guest and I were sorely disappointed after the meal. Their Malfalda sauce might be good, but everything else fails to meet the standard.
4	Great pizza at Del's, went there for lunch today.  I will def put this on my list of places for lunch.  Service was good, food was great.
1	I stopped in at Dels yesterday for dinner and decided to finally try something else other than pizza, and I can assure you I will never, ever, ever, eat anything other than pizza at Dels again.  I ordered gnocchi with meat sauce and I almost spit it out as soon as the fork entered my mouth.  It tasted like Chef Boyardee, easily one of the nastiest things I have ever ate in my life at a restaurant.  I am appalled that Dels calls themselves an Italian restaurant...
3	Wow this deep Pittsburgh Italian in our own Little Italy (Bloomfield) offers up big food and has more menu offers than a Sunday newspaper.  We went on a Monday night which happens to be buffet night- I opted out- they had everything from sausage to wings with a salad bar- a deal at $8 including a drink but I can't think about all u can eat and the food in steaming chafing pans did not look too good.  I opted for the two for $20 deal off the menu- we had eggplant parm it turned out to be a eggplant lasagna but was tasty and large- half went home and chicken picatta- also huge- half went home- dinner included soup, pasta, salad and dessert-   They ruined the angle hair pasta-  ravioli was OK- problem with pasta was overcooked- other than that the rest of the meal was good, enough food for an army and service was pleasant.  The ballgame was on.  The place was packed and it is worth a visit- very Pittsburgh, not a gourmet experience but a far cry from Olive Garden. For dinner and lunch the next day this place is a winner.
2	Food was okay. Too expensive for what it was.No bathroom on the first floor and no ramp to get to it. If you can't walk up and down stairs, don't bother. Also seemed a bit crowded. Meh. I probably won't be back.
2	ugh. mediocre at best.
1	It has been a few months since the last time I ate at Del's but the experience was so atrocious that I will never live it down or ever go back there.Also, seeing that they have a Groupon today finally compelled me to finally get this review out for everyone that is considering dining there (even with a discount)We went for a Sunday dinner and I remember we started with their homemade cheese sticks and marinara sauce. Had them plenty of times before and they're yummy if they are cooked long enough for coming out of the freezer. Ours were not. So we moved onto our salad course. I always loved their marinated carrots and homemade italian dressing. However, mid way through our salad, my boyfriend looked at me and said " There is a MOUSE running out from under that table" which was beside ours. I thought he was joking with me because he was reluctant to go there from the start. No sooner did I look down and see a little mouse dashing under the table legs and chairs. We set down our forks and decided that we would NOT be sitting through dinner. We discreetly told our server that there was a mouse in their dining room and then asked to speak with the manager. Moments later our server returned and apologized for the situation, that our meals were being taken care of but no, the manager would not be able to talk to us. So I insisted, if only to notify them that they had vermin running around in plain sight. (If you couldn't tell them, who else do you tell this to?)  Only to you, readers, and the Health Department. If out of shame that the management would not come up to speak with us or by thinking that 'taking care of a meal" could be substituted for their irreverence and unsanitary conditions; it is completely unacceptable. The management has a choice to disregard these issues, but you as a patron should never have to. If these are the conditions of the dining room, I would hate to think what the kitchen islike. Will NEVER go back!
2	I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon. The new decor is really nice and fresh but it ends there. The food was not very good. No presentation and no taste. The only thing I liked was the wedding soup. I visited with 5 other people and they all said the food was not very good. Good things were the decor, no wait, fast service but that's it. I think they need an overhaul on the menu and some more spices to help the bland food.
4	I have never had a bad experience in the many times I've visited Del's, though I must admit I usually stick to the same 4-5 dishes. The cheese ravioli are to die for in the red sauce. So smooth and rich. They also make a mean French onion soup and the cheese sticks are out of this world.I have become somewhat of a regular at Friday night karaoke in the bar. When I got engaged there, they brought out a tiny bottle of champagne for us! The DJ is friendly and professional, and the bartenders are attentive and knowledgeable. The drinks are very reasonably priced and they seem to have a wide selection. Even if you aren't crazy about the restaurant side, give the bar a try. It's like Pittsburgh's own little version of Cheers.
5	I'm giving Del's a 5. Darren and I came here a couple of nights before Christmas on a whim, and I enjoyed them even more than he did.  The mussels we had as an appetizer were perfect. The Artichoke Ravioli was rich, delicious, and amazing. Chef Irvine truly did a terrific job here in my opinion (I'm a fan of his show, I'll admit it). Marianne is a hoot and a sweetheart. We were made to feel like family by employees and fellow diners alike.
5	My fiance and I just got back from Del's.  We had the pleasure of meeting with Mary Ann to go over a possible rehearsal dinner.  Not only was the food we tried delicious but she was incredibly generous and such a wonderful person to talk to!  The atmosphere is so friendly and you really feel like you are in a warm, family friendly environment.  We enjoyed the food, the people, and the feel of the place.  I will definitely be going back and we will be booking our rehearsal dinner there!!
3	I went to Del's with my girlfriend on the night of the Restaurant Impossible relaunch, eager to see how the show transformed it. While hectic, the night was a lot of fun and the food was reasonably tasty. The menu was small (as is usual on relaunch night), but had plenty of good choices. There were some high points- the mozzarella sticks, garlic bread and biscotti. As for dinner, I had an average chicken cacciatore, while my girlfriend had chicken parmigiana that was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. She was happy enough with it that she was looking forward to having it again.The servers were enthusiastic and accommodating, which was impressive considering everything they went through that day. As the night went on, we were both troubled when we overheard the owner complaining to regulars that the show had forced her to severely shrink her menu. She pledged to go back to the old menu once things were back to normal. I couldn't help but wonder why. After all, if you appear on Restaurant Impossible, isn't that a pretty glaring sign that something is wrong with your current menu?About three months later, we figured that it was time to go back with a couple of friends. As expected, the smaller menu was gone and the bloated original menu was back, plus a few of the Restaurant Impossible dishes. I was dumbfounded by the breadth of choices. In addition to the long list of entrees, Del's also offers pizza and 12 kinds of pasta that can be combined with 13 different sauces. I can't help but think that our meal would have been better if the menu was tightened up.We started with mozzarella sticks and garlic bread, the strongest parts of the meal. The mozzarella sticks were a tad overdone, but were still very tasty, especially with the accompanying tomato sauce. The strong garlic bread was a welcome change of pace from what often passes for garlic bread elsewhere. Unfortunately, my French onion soup was middling at best. In addition to being very sweet, it had an unappetizing layer of oil on top of the melted cheese. My girlfriend and buddies found their iceberg salads to be mediocre.The meal continued to go downhill with the entrees. I had gnocchi with butter and garlic sauce. The butter and garlic sauce was flavorful and strong, but the gnocchi were dense and slightly chewy. My girlfriend, pleased with her chicken parmigiana on our first visit, ordered it again and was severely disappointed. The chicken was buried in sauce. I tried it and agreed- the breading was a soggy mess, while the chicken was drier and tougher than on our first visit.The desserts that we saw floating around looked very good, but we were all far too stuffed from dinner to try anything. Del's portions are huge, which they charge accordingly for. As it is, I think the large portions are meant to counteract the middling quality of the food. Three out of the four of the people in our party had enough leftovers for another full meal.The restaurant itself is still bright and clean, just as it was on relaunch night. Service was well-paced, friendly, and honest. The food and menu need work, though. Cut out some of the dead weight on the menu and give the staff the opportunity to focus on creating better quality dishes. I'm sure Del's doesn't want to shake things up too much for fear of losing their regulars... but if they fail to change, they're never going to create any new regulars.
4	Classic Pittsburgh Italian.  Generous portions, great "grandma" sauce.  A bloomfield tradition - order what you love and enjoy.  Exceptional bar deals and well-priced banquets and wine.  Settle in and relax leftovers abound!
2	I am really baffled by the multitude of high ratings for this restaurant.  Maybe I just went on a bad night, but I really don't think that's the case.  My husband, friend, and I went on a Saturday night.  The place was packed and really hectic, and the staff was not handling it well. First of all, our table was situated in an inconvenient spot and my poor husband was hit in the head with an elbow, not once, but twice from passing servers.  Another issue was just the complete unprofessional way the staff communicated with each other.  I've never experienced anything like it.  The manager and the servers just yelled at each other over all the people.  We were sitting there, trying to have a conversation, and the manager is screaming in my ear.  It really made for an unpleasant evening. Secondly, the decor - I believe they had a $2,000 budget to redo the restaurant on the show.  It looks like it.  It really LOOKS like a $2,000 job.  It was just sloppy and mismatched and I felt like the new colors really didn't belong.  Also, my chair was very wobbly and I felt like it was going to break, and I heard two other people ask for new chairs when  I was there because they were having similar issues.  Now, most importantly, the food:  Eh.  I had the campanelle and crab meat.  The menu description sounded delicious, but it was just so-so.  Really so-so.  And I'm being generous.  The crab meat was obviously from a can, and it was just dumped on top of the pasta and sauce.  It was just a plate of pasta with a pile of mediocre crab meat on top.  The crab had absolutely no flavor because it wasn't mixed with anything else.  It was like it just didn't belong there, like they dropped some crab on a pile of pasta by accident.  My husband and friend both had the lasagna.  They both had the same opinion, that it was so-so, kind of bland, and not worth the price. Since we were all kind of disappointed with our meals, we decided to try desserts hoping they would impress us.  Again, we were met with disappointment.  I ordered the creme brulee, my husband had the cannoli, and my friend had the almond torte.  The creme brulee was probably the worst I've had.  It had absolutely NO FLAVOR.  Bland doesn't even describe it. I've never had anything quite so flavorless in a dessert.  I had about two bites and didn't finish the rest.  My friend had the same complaint about her almond torte - totally bland, not worth the calories.  The only one of us who liked their dessert was my husband, who said the cannoli was good, but when he got the bill was completely surprised to find out that the cannoli was $9.90.  ONE cannoli, which was small, on a plate with whipped cream (which I tried, and was totally bland, flavorless air), was $9.90.  Totally ridiculous and not worth it. I did notice one thing... there were several tables of older people around us (older, as in 70-80s).  They all seemed completely impressed with their meals.  Our taste buds tend to deteriorate as we get older, and bland food becomes the norm for that age group. Maybe I'm just not old enough to appreciate Del's. In summation, Del's is for old people.  Overpriced and overrated.  There's much better Italian up the street.
1	My wife and I had a really, really subpar meal here. I was surprised how old ladyish  it was inside based on how well lit and inviting it looks from the outside. And now onto the food...Del's options are most of the classic Italian meals but the menu was surprisingly lacking in any salads. Just to be clear there were NO salads on the menu. We were a little bit surprised by that so we asked the waitress who could only come up with an antipasto salad that was not on the menu. Our waitress was kind of rude and standoffish from the start which set the tone for the rest of the meal. My wife ordered the antipasto salad and I ordered chicken parmigiana. My wife received a huge heaping pile of canned carrots, bell peppers, and wet beets poured over the top of lettuce so nutrient depleted that it was white. My chicken then showed up as one tiny cutlet sadly dwarfed and alone surrounded by a gigantic plate. They gave me a bowl of pasta in a small bowl on the side which I couldn't understand why it couldn't all be put together on one plate. The chicken turned out to be alright but the portion was so small that I was still hungry when I left. After we left we both swore off Dels as a destination for future dining.
1	The first time I went to Del's was a few years ago and I only stopped in for a beer before meeting friends down at the BBT.  The service was terrible and I could hear some sort of bickering (employees) coming from the dining area.  Never went back.We just moved back to the Pittsburgh area and happen to have a temp apt in the Bloomfield area.  We recently watched the Restaurant Impossible episode and decided to try it out for dinner.  We were sat close to the large front window.   Nice and bright.  The server was friendly and prompt.  For the app we ordered the bruschetta.  Simple but fresh and tasty.  My husband ordered the cod dinner with a side of ravioli.  The cod served with polenta was good, however, the ravioli and sauce was a step LOWER than canned Chef Boyardee.  I was excited to order the chicken parmigiana after seeing the R.I. episode.  I think they went back to the old way of preparing the dish because it was awful.  Just awful.  It looked awful and the chicken could have been cardboard the way it tasted.  The sauce was not good.  Not worth a 3rd trip in my opinion.
4	I went because of the Restaurant Impossible episode.  I had the chicken parm, but with their "mafalda" sauce.  It was pretty good.  The wedding soup was good too.  The service wasn't perfect, but I don't mind mistakes when people are friendly.
2	I hadn't been to Del's before their TV makeover, but was eager to try it after seeing their "transformation" on Restaurant Impossible.  I'm not overly critical of most places I go, but to be succinct, I was not impressed and won't be going back.  The decor was the restaurant's strongest aspect.  However, the waitress seemed to have an attitude from the start.  Later, I had to ask her to refresh my water, the only thing I was drinking.  It wasn't a bustling night and I've had better service at Denny's on a midnight shift. The house salad I had before the meal was forgettable- seemingly a bagged salad a few days old (brown on the iceberg lettuce), with long, awkward carrot sticks and hard-to-fork, chopped red onions, alongside a plastic cup of runny bleu cheese probably squeezed from a Ken's Steakhouse packet.  For dinner, I had the stuffed braciole topped with red sauce and pine nuts.  The beef was dry, the stuffing bland, the pine nuts lacked a crisp crunch, and the red sauce was mediocre.  My friend had the fettuccine alfredo.  Her family owns a restaurant, just like Del's-- family-owned, and while she said she liked her dish enough, she added that the white sauce tasted like it was from a can.  For the quality of dishes we had, $16 and $12 respectively, it  was overpriced, as well as the $3 house salad.  Because of this, we didn't even bother with experimenting with dessert.  What's more telling about the restaurant, was that when we walked in around 9PM on a Saturday (03/31/12), it was moderately busy.  Yet, by time we left, around 10, (mostly because we had to wait for the check), the place was almost completely empty, bar and all.  I wouldn't recommend this place to a friend.  Tessaro's (also on Liberty Ave.) or Kaleidoscope Cafe (43rd St. in Lawrenceville) are much better options.
1	Well any evidence of the recent Restaurant Impossible remake is completely missing from the menu - the food we received was clearly microwaved and just overall lackluster.  One entree, veal parmesan,  was sent back along with the bitter tasting iced teas.  And the waitress confessed that all the fish entrees on the menu used frozen components.While on the subject of waitressing, ours was in an ill mood and practically invisible during the meal.  To cap things off, it was 30 minutes from the time she cleared our table until our check was finally signed and we could leave.This was my second, and final, visit to Del's.  With all the fine Italian choices in Pittsburgh, there's no need to waste opportunities here.
1	I went there for lunch on a Saturday with my two children after seeing the RI episode.  The restauarant looked nice.  The inside was not busy.  There were people eating outside on this unusually warm March day.Our waitress acted like she was trained in a really bad diner.  No greeting, no manners, just came by and dropped off menus while she was on her way to somewhere else.  When she returned she said, "what are you having?"  No drink order.I ordered the eggplant parm. with a side of spaghetti marinara. One child got spaghetti, the other a sandwich.  My eggplant parm. came - whoops it was instead a chicken parm.  I did not send it back, thinking it might be real good, as I saw Chef Irvine teach them to make.  It wasn't.  It was obviously a microwave-reheated, soggy pattie with sauce and a little cheese.  The spaghetti was inedible.  The noodles were overcooked and had no taste.  They were probably pre-cooked and left soaking in the water.  They were not adequately drained.  The bowl that it came in had about 1/2 inch of water at the bottom, with the soggy noodles laying in the water and some bland red sauce on top.After a long time the waitress yelled from across the room, "are you having anything else?"  About ten minutes after I indicated "no," she dropped the check on the table and kept walking.I paid the check and left less than my customary 20%.I wonder if the owners read these reviews?  Would it even help if they did?
2	I live in the neighborhood and am always excited to patronize local places.  In this case, there was a reason that I could never get anyone to go with me.  The food is not good and there is no ambiance.  We were seated at a dirty table with no place setting (which was not rectified until AFTER I received my food and had to hunt someone down).  My husband ordered chicken wings.  They were dry and freezer burned.  This was a weeknight, so they had some good deals for dinner- 2 dinners for $20, which included dessert, which was a very reasonable price, but the food was bland.  I had chicken parm and my husband had fettuccine.  The fettuccine was watery and the chicken parm was soggy.  Overall, if you want a good portion of mediocre fried (recently frozen) food at a good price, this may be the place for you.
4	All the 'bashers' should try their Wednesday lunch buffet.  For $7.95, you will not find a better meal in Pittsburgh all week, hands down.From the salad bar they offer to the six differen't entrees (Chicken Parm, Eggpland & Traditional Lasagna, fish and sevearl pasta offerings) to the extras, it's a slam-dunk choice. Service is chipper and friendly.  Tall Bob is Awesome!  Keep at it Del's and don't change much.  Do what Robert suggested and keep moving forward for another 60 years.
1	Really don't like the pasta sauce
4	The portions are huge! And the foods are yummy. The "Spaghetti Dino" is what I always get. Oil and garlic noodles with a boat load of sausages, roasted peppers, black olives, and sprinkled cheese. I'm getting hungry now! I always have to take half home because they give you so much. Other recommended items:  cheese sticks, specialty pizzas, stuff peppers, the meatballs, the pork shank ( kitchen impossible added item). Tip: The lunch and weekday prices are cheaper than the weekend.
4	We will definitely go back!  It's been years, but we decided to go since we saw Del's on the Food Network.  The place was busy!  Six of us had great meals.  Hubby and son had pasta dishes filled with seafood, nice and fresh--not fishy.  Other son had fettuccine alfredo and almost licked the bowl clean.  My father had a lasagna, veal, eggplant parm platter and he loved it!  My daughter and I split a pizza.  It was good but not great.  Marianne came over to the table to great us, she was pleasant and relaxed!!  Our wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Yay, Del's!  Hope you are  around for many more years!
1	This was pretty bad-- our party opted for the buffet (I think they have it on Monday nights) which in retrospect was probably a mistake, but considering I didn't have high hopes to begin with, I figured I could always return to the buffet and try something else if I didn't like what I got the first time around.I tried a bit of everything-- meatballs, some sort of chicken, french onion soup, salad-- and was pretty disappointed by each thing I tasted. Things were oily, bland, overcooked, and sometimes excessively salty (like the soup).Our service was slow (considering we went to the buffet, we didn't require much service to begin with, but the waiter took his time coming to our low-maintenance table), but friendly. At least it was cheap-- $10 or less for the buffet. Considering that I didn't eat much, though, I'm not sure it was worth it! I don't think I'll be back any time soon.
4	We can here this past Sunday after finding out the hard way that Piccolo Forno is not open at all on Sunday, but I was extremely happy that we made that mistake because from it I experienced Del's for the first time.Yes, I know it was on restaurant impossible, and after eating there I decided I had to watch the episode.  Though I was disturbed and blown away by the whole microwaving the chicken and the salmonella in the freezer, I will look past it now since it seems like they have done a great job of keeping with the show's enhancements.  On to the meal... We decided to start off with the new app special: Italian Egg rolls.  They were fried and filled with cheesy, veggie goodness.  Yes, they were delicious, but whatever the rolls were served atop of was absolutely munch worthy.  I ate every single fried straw of whatever it was.I was a little surprised that our bread that came with our soups was not accompanied by any oil or vinegar.  I mean come on for an Italian restaurant that has been doing business for three generations you would think they would serve some oil and vinegar with their bread.  Oh well, I digress.The entrees were also absolutely delicious.  I ordered the Eggplant Neapolitan, which was a layering of Eggplant, ricotta, spinach, and prosciutto.  It was one of the most delicious and unique Italian entrees I have ever eaten. I am actually extremely happy that Piccolo Forno happened to be closed, because I did thoroughly enjoy our experience at Del's.  Additionally, Del's absolutely has a much wider selection than Piccolo Forno.  Marianne even came out at one point in the meal and was sweating like crazy and running to power on the A/C.  She seems like a great Italian lady: I would love to meet her.
4	Ate the pesto crusted salmon it was incredible also ordered the lasanya while it was just okay mainly because it had no sides and it was an overwhelming size too much lasanya for one sitting it was a portion for about 3 people.  The soups where also good if you are in the mood for itailian check this place out it gets my seal of approval.
2	Was not impressed with this place... 1): floors were dirty, the bus boy would just wipe the tables to the floor and wouldn't sweep up after.2): unused silverware from the previous diners was no cleared from the table and reused. 3): The Chicken Parm tasted like the chicken was cook and then reheated. The breading was mush and the red sauce had a metal after taste. I def would not recommend this join even to just cross it off the "Restaurant: Impossible" list.
1	Ummm.... if you're not open til 11:30am on a Sunday, then change the sign on your door which indicates you're open at 10:30!!!  There were 7 in our group and 3 others waiting outside til finally a gal opened the door to inform us of their operating hours.We didn't wait an hour for them to open, opting instead for Ritter's.
3	Average food, but good service. I had the spaghetti with red sauce, something I try to have the first time we visit a new Italian restaurant just for comparison. The sauce as a little thin and not very flavorful. I'm still learning the difference between "chain" Italian and family-run Italian restaurants, but so far I've been disappointed by the non-chain restaurants I've tried.Del's portions were more than large enough to take home half for another meal, but for some reason the iced tea tasted like coffee. Del's, if you are going to reuse the brewer, at least clean it between brews.My husband tried the eggplant Napoleon and was disappointed. The eggplant was overcooked and soft and there wasn't enough cheese. It was more of an eggplant "sandwich" than a Napoleon, but with almost no cheese.Note added Nov 9: I think we've determined we don't like what passes for "good" Italian food in Pittsburgh because what we consider to be good Italian is almost exclusively Northern Italian and Tuscan food, not the more "central" Italian served in Pittsburgh. We'll still keep trying local restaurants, but at least we seemed to have found a pattern in what we dislike and what we like.
1	We were so excited to eat at Del's again since the recently aired TV program.We love eating at down home restaurants that are cozy and family owned.  Brightly covered wall treatments and furnishings greeted us.  Wonderful scents came from the Sunday buffet.  Then we began to eat.  Are you kidding me? Instant potatoes and frozen green beans, freezer burned desert??  Seriously, do people actually want to eat this type of fare?  We don't and are disappointed to say we will not back.  You lost your chance of being a place we will ever consider again.Sorry and disappointed,
5	You get what you pay for.  If you compare lunch at Del's for $8 for what you would get at McDonald's or Wednesdays for $8 what would you prefer?  I think Del's is good Italian food.  They have made great improvements over the past year and I really enjoy this Pittsburgh restaurant.
1	Eh
2	My verdict:  go elsewhere.  There are much better Italian restaurants within walking distance.  Sausalido, Pleasure Bar, Ilario's trattoria:  take your money elsewhere.The service was bizarre.  It took 15 min for our waiter to come over and the restaurant was not busy.  Our waiter was a nice guy but very very odd... ie he told us we didn't have to bother learning his name bc "we'll only be together briefly."  Um, ok.  But he was wearing a name tag.  He also told us that he couldn't tell us what was on the buffet but that our eyes could tell us what was in the buffet, if only we'd get up and go look.  Wtf?  It was various pastas.  He could have just said pasta buffet.When taking our orders the waiter asked us if we were fast or slow eaters, so he could time our food coming out at the same time.  Huh?We did the 3 courses for $12 menu.My first course was a side salad and it was ok...iceberg lettuce but it was fine.  My dad had the wedding soup and said it was very good.I had the chicken bruschetta and it was gross.  The chicken was freezer burned and microwaved.  I didn't send it back bc I was afraid the waiter would cry.  My father ordered the lasagna and while it was pretty good, it was at room temperature and obviously not fresh.Vanilla ice cream was the only dessert option, so we decided to leave and go to Mercurios.Do yourself a favor, and pass on this place.  It just wasnt good, even at inexpensive prices.  I wanted to like this place but...it was just bad.
4	I was in Lawrenceville and was looking at local eats and came across Del's. I was further intrigued by seeing that it had been on Restaurant impossible so we headed over for lunch.The decor is nice with a big mural on the outside and a couple off-street parking spots. We walked in past the decently big bar toward the first dining room. Looked nice and trendy.I ordered the California chicken salad with avocado crusted chicken. My fiance ordered the sausage and pepperoni panini. We both got waters and were offered lemon which was a nice touch.We got some soft italian bread that was unfortunately served cold but it was tasty and soft. While we were waiting for our entrees our server asked us if we wanted more and we did. We got individual butter pats with our bread.Our food came out and my salad looked beautiful in almost a Cobb salad display. The tomatos were coated in some sort of oil and they were not my favorite part of the salad. The bacon was really crisp and tasty and there was plenty of food to go around. My fiance's panini was a gigantic portion but he said it tasted like a mediocre pizza since it was too big to close and eat as a sandwich. He was only able to eat half and we took the other half home. The fries were more like potato wedges and these were very good. They brought us out an extra side of dressing and ketchup to dip the fries in promptly.Our server was very good and refilled our waters in a sufficient amount of time. Overall I would give this place a B- but would probably come back here to try some more of the italian specialties.
3	I had the opportunity to dine here with friends for Sunday brunch.  Overall, this place is serviceable, but nothing out of the ordinary.Not being from Pittsburgh, but having lived here for almost a year now, I can tell when a place is "local," and let me tell you that Del's keeps things damn local.  You know you're in one of those neighborhood joints when you hear a certain vernacular, namely that consisting of "dahn" (down) and "yinz" (you all).  Maybe this will turn you off, but if you're looking for a rather geo-culturally appropriate experience Del's is about as good as you can get for ambiance.  Physically, the restaurant literally is a house with wood trim and dim lighting.  It's not so much of a restaurant as it is some Italian lady's house.  This jovial Italian woman literally directs traffic during this busy Sunday as patrons make their way into the restaurant.  While our party of 6 was unable to secure a coveted table, we opted for the nicely lit and spacious bar appointed with several Vizio flat screen TVs.  On this Sunday we opted for the brunch.  As we made our way to the back of the restaurant where the buffet is located, we noticed a large array of food choices sprawled out over several tables.  Do note that the food items are not covered by glass as would be expected from typical buffet settings (maybe PA food health laws don't require such settings for buffets?), nevertheless, being young, invincible, and incredibly hungry, we stuck with the buffet.  For the eggeterians such as myself, scrambled eggs, waffles, mac n' cheese, mashed potatoes and a host of desert items will be your primary items from which to choose.  The carnivores will have many other meat dishes to pick from.  Overall, the food was good.  The waffles were warm and well cooked, the mac n' cheese had plenty of cheese, the deserts were nice.  Nothing was terribly memorable however.  Just good ol' home cooking in a very homely environment.  The service was great.  Everyone was courteous and attentive.  The $18 price tag was more than what I would expect to pay for what we were offered with regards to quality and selection of food items.  Will I be back?  I can easily see myself coming back, though I wouldn't do so for brunch.  Hate to be so blunt about a place that was actually somewhat enjoyable and friendly, but there are better places in this city to eat a good brunch.
1	I am going to comment about their Catering Services but this applies to their food quality as well.We ordered 200$ of catering food to feed a household after a recent death.  The service there was first awful.  The order was called in advance and told us a time to pick it up.  I went there and half the dishes were still not ready.  I had to wait another 45 minutes just to pick it up.You would think they would assist you when picking up 12 trays of food, nope, no assistance there, carried it all myself.We ordered breaded chicken filets, mashed potatoes, house salad, and everything was awful.  Worse yet they forgot a whole tray of chicken and we had to call them and tell them about it because they were completely unaware this was part of my order, but don't worry they made sure to get my money for it, if you get my drift.  I'm not saying it was on purpose, but when I called do you think they gave me anything off for having to come back to the store?   Nope, not even a penny.  Did I get a good apology and an offer to come to our house and drop it off?  Nope on both accounts.  Just a bit of lip served apology and here's your chicken.To sum up my experience is the service is terrible, and the food is horrible.  If you call this high school cafeteria food Italian I've got the Brooklyn Bridge to sell you.
4	Like someone else wrote you get what you pay for.   Good value for the money.
2	Bully on the block.Del's is as many of you know located in Pittsburgh's Little Italy.  It's situated at the very beginning of the main drag on Liberty if you're coming up from the Strip or over on Baum Blvd.  For that and the nice exterior a lot of people not familiar from the area give it a try.  Though I really wonder how many people go back for a second visit.  I sadly can say I've been suckered into going 3x's and not once have had an experience worthy of a street packed with so many good options. Del's is a typical Italian place with prices inflated like their egos.  Their dishes are typical and they can't even pull off the simplest Italian fare.  I will say however though that the chicken diablo is a decent dish and what I get when forced to go.  Inflated egos, poor service, very average Italian food. Discover a new place in Bloomfield.
3	I live around the corner from Del's. Their food is good, though I'd probably trade a little less quantity for a little better quality, but overall it gets the job done when you're craving Italian.The issue with Del's is the service, and I don't mean the waiters & bartenders. The hardworking servers at Del's go above and beyond to keep the clientele happy. Unfortunately, the owners (specifically, the daughter of the owner) are on such a power trip that they ruin the experience of customers in favor of  friends.In one incident, the bartender was unable to let us know when last call was, because the owners kept telling her to "close. no, stay open, we have people coming" for which the bartender was profusely apologetic and accommodating, closing and re-opening our tab.  In another instance, the daughter of the owner chewed out a group of servers in front of 20-30 customers for not holding an outdoor table for over an hour so friends could bring their dog to dinner while 1) there was a long line to eat outside and 2) I'm pretty sure dogs aren't allowed inside of patio areas that serve food. We have also, on numerous occasions, tried to order take-out, which has never been entered into the system when the owner's daughter takes our order, causing us an extra 20-45 min wait. Additionally, each time she asks to seat us, she wanders away and forgets us, requiring a waiter to stop serving to help out.Essentially, I believe Del's could be wildly successful, if only ownership would step adsde and let more competent management handle day-to-day operations.
1	I am watching a re-run of the food network when they were at Del's.  We ate there last year after we watched the original airing and thought we'd go there.  It had been many years since we had dined there.  When I saw them make the chicken parmesan the way it SHOULD be made, I was enticed to go back and try it.  It looked wonderful. Much to my disappointment, it seemed as if they went back to the original recipe which was frozen microwaved chicken.  I swear when chef Irivne walked out of the door after trying to help this place, they must have thrown everything he showed them right into the trash, which is where our meals belonged.  The saving grace was the sweet young waitress that we had who really did a great job.  In spite of the fact the the food was so bad, we tipped her generously.  Just because this place is almost an institution in Bloomfield doesn't mean it's the place to dine.  Looking for really good food and unusual atmosphere and friendly service?  The Church Brew Works!
4	On a beautiful Friday afternoon at the Bloomfield Italian Festival the outside sitting for Del's was the best place to be. We ordered drinks and two appetizers; Homemade Provolone Sticks and Fried Calamari with a side of marinara sauce, both delightful. You'd think this restaurant didn't have servers, seeing that the waiters were wearing every day cloths, but that wasn't a concern after noting such good service we got from them. I've been meaning to check out the new Del's after seeing the renovation show on tv, as I'm sure you've read about before. I'm happy to add the place looks just as nice as R. Irvine left it and I hope that what we ate is only a fraction of good dishes to come from Del's.
2	MARYANN! Chill out.A friend of mine chose to go to this "venerable" place after going to a doctor's appointment. Maryanne was on a rampage, screaming at employees and threatening to fire at least two. Our waitress apologized repeatedly for "the show". Maryanne continued to demean employees (at the top of her lungs) throughout our meal. She then had a family meeting in the dining room about eight feet away from our table. We heard about planned surgeries and the reasons for them. YUCK!The food was OK...usual bulk Italian.My friend had an MRI that day...and found Maryanne much louder!
5	Had my 30th birthday event here.  Over 30 people attended and everyone was very impressed by the service.  Everyone working there was so helpful and friendly.  The restaurant owner was very involved in the planning and allowed us to come early to set up.  We all had a great experience there.  Definitely recommend it for any type of gathering!
4	OMG ! I love this place everyone here was super nice and helpful .. The pizza was fanatic!!! Super cheseeeeessy mmmmm It's a must u come here for dinner (date night ) O.. And they have a new lunch buffa startn next month.. See u there..
2	To be honest, I've always been underwhelmed with the bar and restaurant here. The restaurant menu is sooooo overpriced and the quality of the pasta is not very good at all. I've only eaten there once but after looking at the prices of simple pasta dishes I will probably never go back. The bar is worth a visit- I would only go on a karaoke night (Fridays), which are typically pretty fun. One of the owners is an older woman who is incredibly nice and friendly to the patrons- but overall, I've been disappointed with the bar and restaurant which are nested in one of the coolest spaces in Bloomfield.
2	The pizza used to be the pull in this decades-old restaurant at the foot of the Bloomfield Bridge.  Imagine my surprise when the owner or owner's daughter told us that it wasn't as good as it used to be.  Okaaay.  We won't order it.  I ordered a Manhattan.  The server returned shortly and asked me what kind of mixer goes in a Manhattan.  Mixer?  She said "Yeah, what kind of soda or pop?"  Oops.  I went straight to the bar to get that figured out.
2	This place use to be really good, but it feels as if it is run-down now. Our family of four was seated and it took an hour for our food to come out. Also, the Caesar salad did not taste good. I ordered the eggplant Parmesan and it did not look appetizing at all. Our family also ordered chicken Parmesan and it was burnt all around the edges.There are better Italian places to go. I don't like waiting an hour for my dinner.
1	I am sorry to say that this place is nothing close to what it once was. The service my wife and I encountered was terrible and the food was below average. There are a ton of other places very close to Del's that will offer up better Italian food if that is what you are looking for.
1	Outside patio table had bird poop on it when the hostess seated us there but rather take us to another table we waited until they cleaned it ..the food was on the pricey side and had absolutely no flavor and the pasta was not cooked ,it was almost crunchy..The service was ok but definitely will never go back...
4	This is a good down home Pittsburgh restaurant. From the moment you walk in the door and are met with smiles and greetings to the moment you walk out the door to the same. The food is good and the pasta buffet is an awesome deal. We came on a special "country bbq" day and were met with live music, fun straw cowboy hats and the buffet had special features like pulled pork and bbq beef every thing was great, not gourmet but great home cooked good. However it's the friendly family service that makes the difference. I can't wait to go back.
5	Oh my, I love love love this place!!!  I come here two or three times a year.  I dined here tonight, July 31.   Our waiter Marc was really great.  He made sure that we had everything we needed.   The owner Mary Ann was exceptionally super nice.  I am a very very very picky eater.  Very picky.  Even though I got the $14 Italian buffet, I hate onions, garlic, peppers, mushrooms, and spices.  Mary Ann made sure my order was exactly to my liking.  Even though this is my first interaction and conversation with Mary Ann, I now understand and know why I love this place.
3	I dined at Del's last night for the first time with a new date. Yes-the decor needs refurbished, you can tell it's older. And I will say it was slightly uncomfortable last night when at the table behind us our sever and another server were complaining about a table that had just left not tipping. And they were not complaining-it was borderline yelling. Our server was a little too attentive though. I, personally, I'm not sure about my date, felt very rushed to order. She was very nice though and I have waited tables before so things like this are less of a bother to me. We split a half carafe of reisling for $17.50. This provided each of us 2 glasses of wine so this was a decent deal. I ordered the mediterranean flatbread as my entree. It looked amazing when it came out and the flavor matched it's appearance. Juicy tomatoes,big chunks of feta, juicy mushrooms, and spinach-it was fabulous! It's easily enough to share. My date had the chicken marsala and said it was excellent. i can't comment on the taste but I almost wanted to reach across the table and steal some of the mushrooms-they looked oh so good! They also had some all you can eat buffet for $14-and they were heavily pushing the buffet. All in all I enjoyed the actual food and would return.
1	Wanted to grab a late lunch with my cousin and his wife. Walked all along Liberty Blvd, finally selecting Del's because they were the one restaurant serving beer - it was blisteringly hot and we all wanted a cold one.Right away I could tell that this wasn't going to end well. The restaurant's AC system is close to nonexistent. The waitress had no concept of the distinction between lager, pilsner and other kinds of beer - or, rather, had no clue different types of beer existed, apart from brand names. Her lack of knowledge, on the other hand, belied the cheery disposition of an alcoholic with experience, judging by her looks, demeanor and voice. Just the same, she took our drinks order, then came by for a second time, telling us that she'd like to take our food order while the bartender makes our drinks (my cousin's wife ordered a mojito, so I'm guessing that's what had him stumped for a good ten minutes, because "making" a Corona and a Blue Moon requires all of putting a piece of an appropriate citrus fruit into the appropriate glass). So we did that - my cousin ordered some kind of a pasta with chicken dish, I opted for the walnut Gorgonzola ravioli and my cousin's wife had another pasta dish whose name escapes me (it had basil, sundried tomato, oil and vinegar). It took a little bit of doing to get me a side of salmon, but in the end the committee of two (the hostess and the waitress) managed to figure out that it will be an extra four dollars, please, which I was happy to pay.The waitress dropped off the salads (crude and pedestrian, but we weren't at a fine restaurant, nor did we come for the salads), then the food arrived shortly thereafter. I know I shouldn't expect much from an establishment with a ten dollar menu, so I was fairly happy with the four (or three?) large ravioli swimming in a bowl of fairly tasty grease with a few walnuts sprinkled crudely on top. The salmon was also passable, if completely devoid of any kind of flavor (the pasta sauce helped, although I couldn't really taste the Gorgonzola, but that's what grated Parmesan is for). My cousin's wife was fairly satisfied with her dish as well, because how badly can you really screw up fusilli and vegetables?It was when my cousin tasted his chicken when the experience finally went down the tubes. It was rubbery, had copious amounts of cartilage and was generally inedible. He isn't the confrontational kind, so he just sat there, but when the waitress came by, I felt compelled to interject. After all, if he was happy to throw ten bucks away, why should the next guy who orders the same dish? So when she came by and asked us if everything was OK and did my cousin want a box, I said that no, everything was not OK. She apologized, said that she would let the owner know and would have the item taken off the bill. So far so good.The owner came out, made an appropriate fuss, offered him a replacement dish which he declined, then offered a dessert (tiramisu) which we accepted. A few minutes later, the same waitress brought it over, slammed it on the table in front of us and muttered sarcastically: "Enjoy yourselves." We did (genuinely so, because the tiramisu was actually surprisingly tasty), then time came to pay the check. The waitress came by, threw down the bill, said something to the effect of: "Thanks, you just cost me my job." My cousin's wife left her a rather generous cash tip and we left.Honestly, I have no idea how any of this should have cost her her job since none of this was her fault. Although, to get fired like this on the spot must have meant that other indiscretions must have taken place and this was just the last straw - I'm speculating, anyways. However, I do not plan to continue to patronize a place that cannot prepare a decent meal, pricing notwithstanding (I've had plenty of tasty $10 meals in Pittsburgh) and employs incompetent staff (the beer example), then blames them for things beyond their control.
2	I have a few things to report on this place.  Since this place appeared on Restaurant Impossible it is good to report that the decor and menu are still just about the same when on the show.  Sadly, the management and higher ups haven't really changed, same mentality.What drew us in here was a sign on the side of the street: "All You Can Eat Pasta Bar." Great we thought, let's go in and try it out.  Then everything seems to have gone down the toilet.  When we got inside and attempted to order the pasta bar we were told it wasn't available due to the street festival going on outside.  Hmm, funny, because there is still a sign, if not two, posted outside advertising this.  If you were not going to honor this special (which I believe runs Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday) then maybe you should have taken in the signs for that week.When we decided we weren't going to dine here and let our waitress know our intentions we got this great, drawn out excuse why we shouldn't go.  Instead of honoring the all you can eat portion of this, they would hand you a card with options on it to fill in for the pasta bar.  Mind you, it wasn't even all you can eat, just whatever you checked on the card (more like a slip of paper) was what you got.  After sitting there and made to feel guilty our waitress came back over and gave us the real reason for the guilt trip: Her manager (who just happened to be the hostess as well) would eventually yell at her that night and quite possibly fire her.  I felt bad, especially since she was about to cry, but don't guilt trip me into buying food at an establishment that was priced higher than should be and obviously didn't honor their specials.  (To our waitress, I am very sorry we didn't stay, even your tears couldn't get us to stay.  I hope you still have your job.  If the management fired you for us walking out, that is just bad practice, patrons walk out of establishments for far less than what we walked out for (This shows that the attitudes haven't changed from the show)).Will I ever go back here willingly, probably not.  I'd return if whomever I was with begged and pleaded to come here.  That would be the only way.
2	Yesterday, we visited Del's for our Girls Night Out.  We ate on the deck and had a few appetizers.  The breaded zucchini was terrible. The zucchini was very thin covered with about a half of inch of breading which was hard, and I mean really hard.   Two of us ordered it and it was so bad we could not eat it.  We told the wonderful waitress and she took it off our bill.  We also ordered a small pizza which was good and a flatbread Mediterranean which was also good.  We ordered the provolone sticks which were breaded the same way as the zucchini, but not as bad.  It was wing nite and they were OK for 35 cents each.  My favorite part of the meal was the marinated carrots that they put in the salads.  They are delicious dipped in ranch dressing.  Our waitress was excellent.  She was always coming outside and asking if we needed anything.  I don't think we will go back there as many of the girls were not satisfied with the food.
4	I have been dining at Del's with varying regularity for over forty years, less often now since I moved to the suburbs from the city of Pittsburgh. I fondly remember going there late at night for the best mushroom omelette I have ever had, all of $2.75 with lots of french fries: you can tell how long ago this was!  The food is still great and the dining room looks much better and is more comfortable than it was in the past.  I was shocked to be able to walk in and secure a choice table in the most desriable room on a Friday night at the height of the dinner hour.  In a room that seats scores of people, it was just me, my wife, and another party of two!  Unless this was a most unusual night in which no one chose to dine out, I must conclude that Del's has gotten ahead of itself with its high prices.  This is no longer the "neighborhood spaghetti joint", but a place that charges $10 for appetizers and $10 for a wedge lettuce salad!  My wife and I enjoyed the $10 fried zucchini and a large white pizza with mushrooms ($15) (Del's mushrooms are the very best!).  If there is any fairly-priced item on the menu, it is the pizzas, which have not followed the other items with consistent price hikes.  We enjoyed our meal thoroughly, but we would not come here to spend more than $20 on an entree.  I hope that this 65-year-old Bloomfield institution is not pricing itself out of business!  The owners should remember that there is a huge amount of competition for the dining dollar today!
5	Our experience at Del's was a good one. We were quick to be seated (on a Saturday night), the staff was more than friendly, and the food was great. The atmosphere is very nice, dated, but nice and quiet. The bread (and Italian seasoned dipping sauce) was delicious and fresh. We bought 2 appetizers,  2 entrees and 4 specialty drinks and payed a about $75 including tip! We left fat and happy, and will be returning soon.
3	Food was ok, service was ok, atmosphere was nice.  my husband got the lazagna and it had NO flavor.  I had the chicken marsala and it was good.  the portions were very large.i think the thing that bothered me the most was the "before dinner" food.  my husband ordered a cesar salad, it had absolutely NO flavor.  seemed like it had no dressing.  sent it back and got a house salad, still, no flavor.  dressing was very plain.  there were free apps on a buffet, everything was dried out and over cooked.  seemed like it had been sitting there all day, meanwhile we arrived at 5:05pm on a saturday evening!I'm not sure we will ever go back.  sad.
1	This place is great if you like eating frozen microwaved entrees.I feel really bad for the staff at this place because I've heard that it's such a terrible place to work. Tip your server well if you go here because they are treated like shit!
4	We were going to the Consol Center From Children's hospital and chose Del's for dinner.  Nothing time consuming or extravagant.  We had cups of home made wedding soup and a pizza.  The wedding soup was rich, full of flavor and served in what other restaurants would call a bowl.  We got a speciality pizza, a Mediterranean which had a white base with tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms, and feta combined with the best crust I can remember, it was a triumph!  A small carafe of chianti completed the meal.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Glad we went!
2	I enjoyed the aesthetic but the music was too loud, it took was 20 minutes to just get water, the floors were dirty, our waiter was awkward and didn't ever check up on us, the spinach artichoke dip was very cheesy, and the meal was very average. They had a really great house salad dressing though!
