1	I haven't reviewed any restaurants lately, because there haven't been any that have moved me...good or bad...until now. I'm Korean and live two minutes from Maru, so I was excited about the prospect of good Korean food close to home.  I've been to their other restaurant in Chinatown, Korean Garden, so I assumed that the food would be as good.For starters, the menu is more expensive than in Chinatown.  I know it's in Summerlin, but many businesses make the mistake of thinking they can arbitrarily charge more because the people in Summerlin can afford it.  I would pay more if the quality was better...or the service was better...but not just because it's in Summerlin.  And the prices aren't higher due to higher rent...the owners bought the building, so there is NO RENT!The menu is a mix of various Asian cuisine.  Sorry...but sushi and teriyaki is not Korean.The decor was well designed.  It looked like they spent good money on the build out.  The food, however, was horrible.The pahn-chan (complimentary appetizer small dishes) came out and everything was a little bland.  I ordered the spicy pork and it came out luke warm.  At traditional Korean restaurants, the dish comes out sizzling.  The pork tasted undercooked and had no spice.  I took two bites and told the server that it didn't taste right.  He chuckled and called for the manager.  The manager (I think his name was Ben) came over and asked what was wrong.  I told him that my entree did not taste right, so he asked me if I wanted to replace it with another dish.  I said okay and he had this look of..."another Korean complaining about the food."  They definitely have tweaked the formula to cater to a non-Korean palate.I ordered Yu-Kwe-Jhang (a spicy beef broth soup with beef and scallions) and that too was flavorless.  I didn't have the desire to send that dish back so I ate enough to fill my appetite and left.  The worst part of the experience is that the manager didn't even stop back at the table to see if the replacement dish was any better.  In fact, he was standing by the front as we left and he conveniently turned his back to us as we left.As a foodie who loves trying new restaurants, I've always had a rule of trying a new restaurant at least twice.  You just never know if the chef had a bad night...or if several of the servers called in sick so they were short-staffed...or the multitude of other reasons why the food or service was not perfect.  However, when the manager shows such disregard for the satisfaction of the customer, it's my sign never to return.  In my experience, this lack of concern trickles down to the rest of the staff and restaurants like this do not deserve my hard-earned money.
2	It's great to finally have an Asian restaurant that seems authentic in Summerlin - I've been waiting for a while, so I don't want to critique something I've been waiting for, but unfortunately, Maru is a good try but not quite there.The owners created a nice atmosphere for a Korean restaurant, unlike many of the dives in Spring Mtn., more in line with restaurants in other metropolitan cities, but I'm still disappointed.I am Korean, but I've lived almost my entire 40 years in the US and grew up in Los Angeles and San Francisco, and went to college in the east coast, so I do have high expectations when it comes to Asian food and especially Korean.The food at Maru is about average for a place that caters to more non-Koreans, and maybe you would think that it is great. Their lunch menu is a decent value, but again the food isn't as good as I would have liked... but willing to live with it for Las Vegas. What I can't live with is the service. I've now been there every week for the past 6 weeks, and I have to say, that sometimes I don't think it is worth it. We haven't had good service every time we have been there. I do think that I get better service when I am with my husband who is Caucasian versus when I go with other Asians.Most recently, I was there with my parents, and unfortunately, they missed my mother's order. But more importantly, it's the timing of it all. The owners pride themselves as being a fine dining restaurant - which it isn't - it's a nice casual restaurant. My dad got his appetizer and entree at the same time, then it took 15 minutes for me to get my entree, another 10 minutes for my son to get his and my mother's never arrived. By the time my mother's arrived, it had been 45 minutes since my father received his entree. Everything would have been ok still... my parents were patient and were willing to forgive but when she tried to take a bite of her noodle dish, the noodles were completely over cooked - this is supposed to be a stringy noodle, somewhat chewy, and it shouldn't be easy to cut without scissors - but her dish was as if they put all the leftover strands of noodle in it because the noodle broke apart. My mother asked the lady, who we think is the owner and told her that the noodles were falling apart, and she told my mother that it was because it took her too long to eat it. Obviously, she saw that everyone else was finished and thought that she just left it until now, but the entre was just delivered because the wait person never put the order in. So, we were a bit upset, since the owner just assumed that it was the customer's fault. When my mother started to complain the woman said that she would order another one, and my mother at this point said we're not interested in waiting any longer. The woman also didn't want us to complain too loudly because she said that she is running a fine dining restaurant. She also told me that I should speak to her in Korean.The problem with this place is that they want to be a fine dining restaurant but don't understand that fine dining isn't just about food - it's all about the service. They don't "get" the service aspect of their business. Just because the atmosphere is nice doesn't make a restaurant fine. I hate saying this because I want Asian restaurants to be better but why are so many Asian restaurants so poor with their service. It's really unfortunate... I was so happy to have a restaurant close by, and I didn't mind the extra few dollars compared to Spring Mtn but I don't think I can handle the service. You may have better luck if you're not Korean here, especially if all Korean food taste the same to you. The food isn't bad for Las Vegas -- but I think having read the other reviews, I have to agree that the service isn't great.I think I'm headed back to DJK (Dae Jaeng Kum on Spring Mtn.) where the food is about the same, the ambience not as nice but better than some but service is definitely better -- but here the wait people have the other problem of catering more to Koreans than to non-Korean. Now, if there could just be a Korean restaurant where both Koreans and non-Koreans are treated the same...
5	The owners also have a Korean Restaurant in China Town. The cuisine is the best west of Decatur. I have been there several times and have gotten a mixture of Korean and Japanese foods including some of the best sushi I have eaten in Vegas. If you have never gotten some classic Korean food get the Bim Bim Bap. It is a cold casserole with vegetables and meat. If you need help to eat it ask the wait staff they will definitely help you out.
2	my mom and i went there and the cold noodle dish was horrible - the noodles were overcooked so that it was a pile of mush, not to mention that my order came about 20 minutes before my mother's and they kept telling us my mom's order was coming up -- i think they are still trying to figure out the service portion of this restaurant especially for Koreans... they are much better with their service to non-Korean, I felt. it would have been great to have a good Korean restaurant but this isn't it.
5	Great Korean BBQ place in Summerlin! We had the Korean BBQ (pork and galbi) and the Soon tofu stew.  The BBQ comes with salad, which is delicious.  The meat was really tasty and they let us get half order of each so we could try a variety.  Comes with all the typical accrutements... kimchi, dried fish, white radish, pickled cucumbers, dried squid, etc. The stew was also great with lots of fresh seafood. We usually get Korean food in San Diego and this place is on par with the best places in San Diego.  It's nice to find a good Korean restaurant so close to home!  We didn't try the sushi, but we will try it next time and I will do an update.  I also strongly recommend the martinis.  I had the pomegranate martini and it was terrific!  The service was impeccable and everyone was really nice and attentive.  The decor is really nice, too.  A lot of glass with bamboo trees in the middle.  If you liked Sea Stone (how long was that place open... two days?), then you will love this place.  GO!
4	I started with Kimchi. I then had the Sanchae Bibimbap. It is served unmixed, crisp vegetables with a fried egg on top, with a cup of chili sauce dumped on top. I know, right? It doesn't sound that good to me either. BUT, when you mix it together, it becomes one of the tastiest vegetarian dishes I have ever eaten! I Love Bibimbap! And it is fun to say, too.The restaurant is Kubrikesque. There, I said it. See the attached pictures.
5	This place is fantastic. We had the Kalbi, Bulgogi and some of the sushi. The Kalbi is the best I have ever had! It is a pricey place, but the atmosphere and the decor are 2nd to none. Definitely a place I will be going to again. It's a little tucked away, but that helps with crowds. The bulgogi was ok, but I think it was because our server got busy and it got a little over cooked. Not a big deal since the rest of our meal was fantastic!
5	I really liked Maru. The decor was fantastic, the atmosphere was relaxing. We had shabu-shabu and the veggies were fresh, beef was superb and overall clean tasting. I will definitely go back.
4	Ok, another stop during my convention stay in Vegas (paid for by one of my suppliers). Since I wasn't paying I was able to order pretty much anything I wanted, which was absolutely fantastic. I would highly recommend going to dinner when you're not paying!!! But I was there with about 100 other people. It must have been a doozy.I alone ordered 2 orders of unmarinated dung-shim (certified angus beef steaks), 6 orders of marinated galbi bbq short ribs, 2 sashimi platters, 2 orders of uni, a sushi platter, and muhl naeng myun (cold buckwheat noodles soup). Ok, I didn't eat this all by myself. I was sharing with 4 other people. We also did have a bunch of alcohol too. The dung-shim was very good. The steaks were nicely marbled so they came out oh so tender. The galbi's marinated was pretty good (not too sweet or too salty and also tender). All of the fish came out very fresh, even the uni. Do NOT I repeat do NOT EVER EVER EVER order the muhl naeng myun. Horrible. WAY TOO SWEET. I heard the bibim naeng myun was pretty good. They brought out around 12 side dishes (banchan) which all were very, for lack of a better word, yummy. After this FEAST, I was VERY thankful I wasn't paying. I was estimating the bill came out to around $7000($50/person + alcohol).Service was good considering they got slammed with 100 people all at once on top of their normal dinner crowd. The price was not so good. Looking at the menu brought fear to my wallet.  The owner did spend a pretty penny on this restaurant. Considering the neighborhood, she had to in order to make it fit the area, I mean she even put til on the stall walls! But it does look really nice. Very chic.I would recommend it, even at that price. It is a bit far from the strip though, so get ready for a trek!
4	For Summerlin natives, it's easy to take Maru for granted.  It's practically in our backyard, we see it everyday taking kids to school, and it seems to always be open.  For non-fans of Korean food, it's easy to go there once, then forget about it, but if you like this type of cuisine, there's no reason to think it's any steps lower than a Korean restaurant you'd find in Koreatown (Spring Mtn & Jones) or on the Strip...and certainly no reason to have to drive further.Maru, although its clientele tends to be mostly non-Asian, has not dumbed down the menu to just the usual staples of the middle-American palate (bulgogi, kalbi, etc.).  Those items are definitely available, and are done expertly, but the more authentic array of tripe soups, steamed rice bowls, and very spicy noodle dishes are all on the menu, and I would think the fully-Korean cooks are delighted to get one of these offerings on a ticket once in a while.  They're delicious, like everything else here...except......for the sushi.  As an Asian, I've always contended that the Japanese should run Japanese restaurants, Koreans should run Korean eateries, and the Chinese should stay with Chinese fare.  As sushi has exploded in popularity since the 80's, it seems like Asian restauranteurs of every ilk now think they can roll sushi right...but unfortunately, that still isn't the case.  A few times, our white tuna or yellowtail have arrived obviously quickly thawed out (and consequently lacking any body or true flavor), and they seem to try to make up for it by putting a gigantic slice of fish on top of an oversized rice cushion.  In short, I would not take my Japanese mother here for sushi!But if you stick with any Korean menu item, you'll be delighted.  The matriarch of the family will undoubtedly come by your table at some point in your dinner to offer her gratitude for your visit, and ask you for any special requests.  She does this from her heartfelt feeling that you are visiting her home, and not for some marketing or "feelgood" effect.  Koreans are a very proud and passionate people...and the food they prepare from their homeland at Maru represents them well!I almost forgot to mention the kimchi and appetizer assortment that you get with every meal.  This, too, is the real deal, and if you see something missing (occasionally, they seem to cycle through their available items and bring out, say, 7 out of the 10 goodies they have in the back), just ask.  A few of the more fringe items you may get at a restaurant on Normandie in LA may not be available - maybe a pickled squid, a type of dried fish, or a blanched pearl onion - but almost anything you'd find at any Korean restaurant will gladly be brought to you if you ask.All in a fabulous, ultra-modern decor with comfortable and expansive tables.  Why leave Summerlin?
1	Attention Yelpers: The following review is only based on Maru's AYCE (All You Can Eat) sushi.  As an avid AYCE or any buffet eating tasmanian devil, I expect the best quality, variety, service, experience in keeping the food coming  and it better be rapidly fresh! We had plans to go to Xtreme Sushi at Southern Highlands, but some friends wanted to try Maru in Summerlin because they opened their new AYCE sushi. Going into the restaurant was pleasing, venue was clean and plenty of space.  The atmosphere was beautifully designed, however I am reviewing strictly for the AYCE sushi experience...so here it goes.  I must be spoiled from Xtreme Sushi because their AYCE sushi is EVERYTHING on the menu, except for Sashimi (read my review for Xtreme Sushi http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=Oz8Bp1NY-Szz4lvSbVsV4Q&q=xtreme+sushi)!Contrary to my Xtreme appetite, Maru's AYCE sushi was only for selected items! Their regular Sushi menu looked very good and had a variety of appetizers, nigiris and special rolls.  Although going into the restaurant I already knew their regular menu merely did not have as much as Xtreme Sushi; but I went anyway with an open mind to try this out. To my surprise and huge disappointment, they gave us a separate AYCE menu with (as mentioned) selected items and I couldn't stomach the fact that I knew I could eat all of the items from their 1 page menu in 2 breathes! Additionally, you had to pencil in what you wanted and advertising with ordering in 2 rounds! WTF??!??!!! I could not believe the fact that I have limitations to my AYCE SUSHI?? We sucked it up, stayed and gave it a chance. Fish Quality - The nigiri sushi was good, but inconsistent. We had the following items:Escalor (White Tuna) - The first round was very fresh & buttery, but the last round it was a bit fishy almost rancid. Unagi - A little soft and dainty, I prefer mine crispy & well doneSalmon - was a bit too orange and with a hard layerUni (Sea Urchin)- My first time trying Uni in 10 years! I didn't like it 10 years ago but it was very good! Hamachi (Yellowtail) - I was pleased. Tasted fresh with good quality.Kanpachi (Amber Jack)  - this was part of the special item which you can only order 1 at a time & only in the 1st  round. My friend ordered and so I wanted to try but at the end, they said they ran out of it! (yeah, right!)Hokkigai (surf clam) - this was actually one of my favorites. Red Snapper - it was better than badGarlic Tuna - I've had betterAmaebi (sweet shrimp) - It was goodRolls - We only ordered a couple of items, because you can't request 1/2 order rolls like some other AYCE places.Philadelphia  Roll (salmon, cream cheese & avocado) - It was decent, perhaps too much sauceSummerlin Crunch Roll (vegetables, crab, shrimp tempura, masago topped w/ tempura flakes) - This was also one of my favoritesUnagi Roll (fresh water eel & cucumber) - Not badAppetizers - Very disappointing, Xtremely limited items and small portions!Chuka Salad (Spicy seaweed salad) - Very small and I can't even fathom to review the taste because it wasn't enough.Salmon Skin Salad - okayAnother green salad that they made up - okayMussels - the first round it came out warm to cold, as if it was sitting around for a while. The 2nd round was tolerable.Gyoza - not badTempura - 2 pieces of shrimp and 4 pieces of mixed vegetables. We asked if we can have all shrimp and they said "NO!"Dessert - They only had a choice of green tea and vanillaGreen Tea Ice Cream - Normal. They also refused to serve the ice cream to my friends who were done eating with their AYCE sushi, because they were still waiting for our last few items that we ordered! Weird! Service - I am perplexed why they were Xtremely slow because they were not even busy. Furthermore, servers were hawking at us to ensure that we didn't share with our other friend who didn't have the AYCE and only ordered Bibimbap, which she said was very good. One of the servers also blocked and pushed my other friend's hands away because server insisted that one of the sushi she ordered was for her only since they were going by our individual paper menu that we had to pencil in. They also didn't give some of our order at the end and said that they ran out of it. Towards the end, the sushi portion became smaller and smaller! Very disappointing indeed! I give Maru 1/2 star for some of the fish quality and another 1/2 star for the owners greeting us out as we were leaving. The owners were very nice and said to come back again. I advised them that I couldn't come back because your servers cut me off in my AYCE sushi. She said that she will spank them, so owner well deserved another 1/2 star! Would I come back here again? Perhaps and only for the korean bbq which I have been told is really good! Other than that, I will only go to Xtreme sushi because they guarantee to satisfy my Xtreme appetite without any limitations and I get my $26 worth!
4	Maru brings back the pride in Korean cuisine which has been downgraded in AYCE korean bbq joints with a profusion of lesser quality meats.Maru's Dolsot Bibimbap is in an authentic dolsot (stone bowl) making the rice crispy and chewy.  They serve it sizzling hot and mix it tableside for you, if you wish.  All of their meats are of superior quality.  You can actually taste the different inherent flavors of beef and pork so you dont have to drown non-marinated meats in sauce.  The Galbi has a tasty marinade and does not have an excess of fat.  The Black Pork Belly and Jumuluk (sliced beef in marinade) are also my favorites.  They serve a variety of appetizers including a generous portion of their house salad.  The first time I tried Maru, they had seaweed chips which were crispy strips of seaweed sprinkled with sugar and sea salt. Yummy! I never saw it again though...I give Maru 4 stars for setting the bar in Korean food, cleanliness, and for the owners, an old couple with a sense of humor, who makes it a point to make their rounds and talk to the customers.PS:Beware of Maru's specials like the AYCE sushi and $9.95 korean bbq dishes.  There are a lot of fine prints.  So if you have the moola to splurge on quality and not quantity of Korean food, this is the place to be!
3	My husband and I normally go here during happy hour. The normal prices isn't something we'd pay for what they serve. I absolutely love the sushi lasagna and I always order it. My husband really enjoyed the kalbi, and says the meat is "delicious".We normally have good service. Quick to seat us because it's not packed. If anything, there were a few patrons here and there. I always raved about this place to my cousins and finally got them to come out with us. I don't know what happened this time, but due to service, I was highly embarrassed that I've recommended this place.The food took way too long. The waitress almost spilled soup on my cousin's girlfriend.  And they've never checked in on us to see how we're doing.As we were about to leave, I wrote a note and passed it on to the manager (the really young Asian guy). He took the note and ignored us.On a different day, we bought 2 friends there also. And we've all had a good experience. We lived in Summerlin, so we'd go there often. Even though, I was quite embarrassed about that one incident, I'd go again. During happy hour, of course.
3	Yesterday afternoon we dined at Maru, a Korean and Japanese restaurant located off Town Center in Summerlin. I must say Korean food is not one of my favorite cuisines, perhaps because Koreans are very adept at food preservation and I've never been a huge fan of anything fermented, with the exception of alcohol. Something about the little fizz attached to fermented foods makes me a little squeamish. Kimchi is a great example, although it can also be prepared fresh, which I prefer. In any case, I like to expose myself to all cuisines so I still eat Korean food occasionally.The Korean dish I like the most is bibimbap, which is not only fun to say, but also fun to eat. It is an authentic dish that is accessible to the American pallet, best served in a hot stone pot. It consists of white rice topped with a pretty display of meat, a variety of vegetables, and a raw egg, along with a sweet and spicy sauce. The first time my husband and I had this dish we got it without the egg and started eating the toppings first, dipping them in the sauce. We were corrected by the waitress who came over and poured the sauce over the toppings, then used a long metal spoon to mix all the contents of the pot together into a tasty hodge-podge. After she did so the dish made more sense, and the next time I didn't omit the raw egg since the heat of the rice and the pot cooks it to a state I much prefer. Bibimbap is served at almost all Korean restaurants and usually one pot is enough for two average eaters, so it is as affordable as it is yummy (at Maru it is$9.99).Korean food is always accompanied by banchan, or little side dishes, so I find this is a good way to try Korean specialties without having to make a whole meal out of them. The side dishes can range from seaweed and fishcakes to cold mashed potatoes and kimchi, and generally you are served about five of them. The banchan at Maru are very good, and I appreciate that they always change so you have a bit different experience each time.Ian ordered the spicy pork lunch special which wasn't as good as the bibimbap. The flavor was fine but the pork was very oily and it was hard to find the good cuts of meat in the pile. It came with mediocre tempura, an average salad, rice, and a delicious cup of miso soup (one of the better I've had). We agreed we probably wouldn't order it again.Maru, which has a lovely modern dining room complete with mini atrium, also has a sushi bar. I ordered sashimi here once and thought it was incredibly fresh, though the rolls on the menu aren't as interesting as say, Sushi Fever. It's nice that the restaurant offers two cuisines so you can please all the pallets in your party, but really the bibimbap is the only reason I see to come here.
3	Being new to town I tend to use yelp and urban spoon often to help guide me in a successful direction...... I have never tried Korean BBQ before, however, have heard friends talk about how much they loved it. Came across this place and decided to try it ...late night one Wednesday. I went around 7 with my boyfriend and we met another friend there. At the time (which I thought was dinner time) we happen to be the ONLY ones in the restaurant AND bar. As the peacefulness was nice I was a bit hesitant on ordering food from what looked like a pricey menu, so we started with drinks. As our hunger grew we decided to all share and get a few different proteins seeing as we were all first timers. We ordered  beef, chicken and pork. I liked how it came with so many sides as you could really create many different dishes. I as a simple eater however I am forced to try everything at least once as my boyfriend in a foodie!! The meat was all very well seasoned and flavorful, the apple mashed potatoes were an interesting pairing but good non the less.... I ended up mostly sticking to the beef and rice. I kept it simple! Although overall the food was good however I would think twice about going back as the bill was overpriced in my eyes for a dinner of rice and  beef
4	Our first visit here was quite enjoyable. Neither my fiance or I are familiar with Korean food, but we'd seen a lot of good reviews, and while we realized it was probably not that authentic, we thought it would be a good place to start. We both enjoyed our meals very much. He had the bbq ribs, which they snipped off the bone for him tableside, a nice touch, I thought, and I had the Dolsot Bibimbap. It was served with raw yolk (which cooked with the other ingredients when it came in contact with the hot stone bowl) and a delicious assortment of veggies. My only complaint would be that the menu was simply overwhelming. It seems like this place wants to be all things to all people and should really just focus on the things it does best. We will definitely be coming back for the BBQ!
4	Had a nice evening here last night with my wife. Nice atmosphere, clean and good service. Neither of us are Korean food experts but enjoyed our meals. The Dolsot Bibimbap was a very good dish, served with a raw yolk that cooked instantly when mixed.  We also had Bulgogi which was not bad but was overpriced for the quality of the dish which was just ok. The meat had too much fat in it. Overall good experience with a nice dining area.
2	Have been here a few times. The food is not bad but not really great either when you are paying $30+ per entree. The service always seems sketchy. and a bit uppity a la Summerlin location . Last night, with just a few people in the place, we got seated right next to a couple chatting away. I felt like I was at the same table with them. Couldn't figure out why the hostess did this. We got up and went to PF Changs. Not a good experience.
3	This is good Korean BBQ but very expensive, you can get just as good food much cheaper in Chinatown.  If you don't like to dine in those more authentic surroundings then this is the place for you.We've also done the sushi here and it is good.  I'm not a fan of the rolls with tempura in them so I have the sushi and sashimi and it has to be VERY fresh and this was good if a little more pricey than some other places.
3	What an unexpected surprise to find a Korean restaurant so close to home.  We met for a family lunch one weekday afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised.  I give Maru an A+ for its decor, cleanliness, and service.  The restaurant wasn't very busy so I'm not sure what the service is like during dinnertime when it's likely to be busier but the waitresses who served us during lunch were very attentive and nice.  Our banchan (side dishes) and water were refilled without having to ask and she even took time to coo at our baby.  :)  I had the dol-suh-bibimbap (mixed veggies, meat, and rice in an earthenware pot) and hubby had the neng-myun galbi lunch special.  We were pleasantly surprised by the portion of the lunch special.  It was a pretty fair portion of neng-myun, although I have to say the quality of galbi wasn't as good (meat seemed too fatty).  My bibimbap was pretty good...and authentic.  The prices seemed kinda high but I guess that's to be expected in Summerlin.  All in all, it's a great neighborhood option but if you want some good Korean food you'll have to head closer to Chinatown.
3	Let's say you have no other option but to eat somewhere near home, and home is in the Summerlin area of Town Center Drive.  You are craving Asian food and don't want the typical sushi bar experience.  Where would you go?  I know!  MARU!Maru is a place filled with Asian options and boasts a seating area designed for Korean table BBQ.  If you've never tried it, now would be a good time to give it a shot.  Not only is it fun to watch your food cook at the table, but you get to control how well done your meats are.  Still, they offer the BBQ dishes to be cooked in the back, which is what we do every time we visit.Since the last dinner experience I honestly found THE place to eat Korean BBQ, but Maru, for the location, is good.  It's decent Korean fair with all the fixings and is marinated well.  You may be wondering "why the 3 stars if you say it's good" and I'll tell you why--because it's fair, not incredible.Korean BBQ preferences are like American BBQ--you either love the sauce or hate it.  Korean BBQ, although there is a standard marination for each type, can vary from restaurant to restaurant.  The one thing that makes a Korean restaurant truly authentic and not city korean food is one side dish that is offered with the meal--radish beef soup.  The person who owns Maru also owns the other Korean restaurant I truly love, but for some reason they don't share the same flavored marinations for their meat and Maru doesn't offer the traditional soup but it's sister restaurant does.  Still, this place is good for the location if you don't want to drive to Chinatown for your fix, so give it a try.I will come back again once in a blue moon, but I prefer Maru's sister restaurant for al my Korean BBQ needs.
4	I like it. We go back again.
5	I always believe a good sushi place really depends on the chef. The chef that knows how to get the right fish, keeping it fresh and making it before serving it to the customers.This 5 star reviews is purely based on the sushi made ONLY by Chef Andy the legendary sushi chef. For a long time I've been admiring on how chef Andy does his magic in making sushi. Anyone that has ever see how he works will know what I'm talking about. My expectation toward sushi has been always at a higher bar because of chef Andy. It always make me laugh when some youngster think they know everything about sushi. Go work next to him, and you'll look like a fool.Most people grew up with the environment of AYCE sushi atmosphere. Do they even know what is a good sushi? They think they do, but trust me they don't!Does it mean that his sushi is the best? A good chef like Andy, has his own pride. Most other chef probably is not even born yet when Andy start making his first sushi. He is not used to making cheap quality sushi, but the competition for sushi plus the economy force him to make the best quality sushi with a low given budget.If chef A is given a budget of $100 to make one good dish, and chef B given a budget of $25 to make one extraordinary dish. Chef A is able to make a better dish because he has more money to spend, but chef B still make a very good dish even only using 1/4 of the budget, does that make chef A a better chef?A chef, like any artist, has to work within his limitations. The measure of the chef should be what he is able to do with what he has, not with the quality of materials he's working with.I believe if Chef Andy given the same budget, he is definitely one of the best sushi chef in Vegas. Yes, they do have limitations with their AYCE menu. Some of the rolls that need extra work are not included in the AYCE.  Yes, of course they could offer you 30 extra menu like you can get at other place. But what you get at other place is NOT a good quality rolls/sushi, most of the chef at other AYCE are either put too much sauce, too much rice, rice fell apart while trying to pick it up, bad bad bad tasting sauce, I can go on and on. Would you pick quantity over quality? If you pick quantity, then please don't even bother to see him.  Most AYCE are set up for people that pick quantity over quality. But Chef Andy has his own standard, even at his lowest standard, for most people it will still be a really good sushi.I can bet you $100 for those saying "I could eat all of the items from their 1 page menu in 2 breathes".that you will NOT eat all the items, your eyes are just hungrier than your stomach. I bet I eat more than average people, I eat average 2 cups of rice (before cooked) in my each meal everyday, and I barely go 1/3 of their sushi menu.It's really not fair to give a one star to this place because, they don't have enough item in their AYCE menu, or their dessert/appetizers do not have enough selection.I go to eat at sushi place for their sushi, PERIOD! i don't give a s***t for some stupid appetizers, or dessert. If you come to this AYCE for their appetizers and desserts, then you'll be seriously disappointed. But if you want to have a good sushi, but don't really want to pay the full price. Then you should come here on the night when Andy works. I'm sure you'll come hungry and leave happy.
4	So I know nothing about Korean food but it smells so savory that I wish I knew more. I had a small whole white fish which was clean and tasty. They served it with an array of veggies.
4	My favorite Shabu-Shabu place in Las Vegas to date (I've only been to two in my whole life). I also rate this place as the best place to eat do it yourself Korean BBQ. This is a trendy Asian spot in the Summerlin area.  I get that the number one complaint about Maru is that the food here is not as tasty compared to places on Spring Mountain. Also the cost might be slightly higher,  but  "C'mon people! Give this place a chance. "I mean, I love good food as much as anyone but I love great ambiance and service also. At other Korean BBQ in town, I always end up smelling like the food I eat there. Not date-friendly at all. Pros:Fantastic AmbianceGreat assortment of drinks/cocktails.  Shabu-Shabu order is enough for 4 peopleGreat assortment of meat to bbqBimbimbap is fantasticYou won't need to re-apply Old Spice after eating Cons:not as tastySolid 4 stars!
4	The first time I went to Maru, I went with a large group as a guest of a family member of the owners.  So we got personal service and never ending Bulgogi and Sushi.  It was my first Korean BBQ experience and I was hooked! The salad is addicting and sushi is good (not huge like many places, but nice manageable pieces) and Bulgogi is heavenly.  The decor is so nice and you feel like you should be on The Strip and not in a business park. Since then I have been to Korean Gardens, but decided to give Maru a shot with my own wallet (Ok, my Boyfriends) because we didn't want to go down to China-Town.  I might say that Korean Garden might be a bit better, but I would never turn down a dinner at Maru. I prefer that Salad at Maru over KG! hah. We went on a Friday night and were suprised how few other patrons were there.  It made me kind of sad  :(   It deserves a shot!
1	This place has gone way down hill since we last visited.  We went here for lunch yesterday.  It was very quiet.  The hostess was very unfriendly, couldn't break a smile the whole time we were there and when we said we didn't understand the menu she just walked away.  The waitress told us that the lunch menu came with rice and a salad.  So we were surprised when she bought us miso soup and tempura dipping sauce.  My hubby got his meal first and surprise it came with tempura!  Then we waited ........ and waited and waited.  We heard the buzzer from the kitchen and then I saw the chef come out looking for a waitress, no one in sight!  Finally got my meal and it was just ok.Overall we were very disappointed we were there for an hour and hubby had to get back to work.  As we left we said thanks to the hostess and she just ignored us.  Maybe shes stressed because of the lack of business?  Well step it up lady!!!!Will not be back!
1	What was fresh about this place?  The waitresses' bad attitude and poor service.  3 of us did the AYCE for $26, and 1 person ordered a korean dish.  First off, when we got seated, the waitress took 3 out of the 4 drink orders, and then walked away. We had to shout the 4th drink order.  After we ordered our AYCE sushi items (limited to one order of sea urchin (uni) and 1 order of sweet shrimp, we waited... and waited... for our food. The appetizers like the tempura and gyoza were fine, although I had to ask for tempura sauce.  What place does not bring tempura sauce with tempura? This should have been a red flag, as I had to ask for it. The rest of the sushi came out very very slow, especially for being nearly empty on a friday night at 7pm.  Finally the first sushi order (tuna) came out.  It's one thing if the sushi looks like it got rolled over by a car and died 2 weeks ago, but it actually tasted like it died 2 weeks ago and got rolled over by a car, and then sliced and put on top a very hefty wad of mushy rice.  It was tasteless.  The lack of flavor was attempted to be hidden by the sushi chef adding a clump of wasabi underneath.  The rice quality was nothing that great either. It was a step above the quality of rice found at the supermarket.  Everything else that came out had no flavor and there was a lack of excitement about the food.  We had to wait 90 minutes before we finally got fed up, and said, where is our uni?!  The manager in charge said he would go check.  He came back a couple minutes later saying it would be out in a couple minutes as they just opened up a new box.  (Really?  they couldn't have opened up the new box when we ordered the food?)  The uni was fine, nothing horrible, but nothing that great either.  The last sushi order they brought out was the white tuna which I usually like, but it was just horrible.  It was warm, melted in your mouth (not because it was good quality, but because it was just so waterlogged), and it had a weird almost alcoholic flavor to it. I spit it out and sent it back via the waitress who plainly ignored me until another waitress came by.  They were also very slow at servicing our table as we would stack our own plates to make room.  We also had to constantly ask for tea, but at least they kept my friend's soda cup full.  My korean friend told me that her korean dish was awful as well. She only ate half of it.  Overall, this restaurant is horrible.  The korean food is not good, and neither is the sushi.  1 star was given because that's the bare minimum that must be given and inside the restaurant looked very nice and modern.   This place does not deserve to serve sushi.
5	I came here for the first time many months ago. I had never tried Korean BBQ before and I wanted to give it a try. It was amazing. The food portions were more than enough and it was all delicious. The staff couldn't speak English very well but they were very helpful and considerate despite that fact. We have also been here for their sushi which I was weary at first because it was a Korean place. It was excellent as well. The sushi lasagna is absolutely amazing. I have never had anything so delicious.
1	Ok, it is Vegas and Summerlin, after all... so really should not expect authentic Korean food...that said, waitress brought wrong gochujang sauce for bibim bap...a Korean staple! When I initially asked for it, she had no clue! Enough said? Just more overpriced wannabee Korean fare...wish these restaurant owners would put more focus on taste and quality, no matter where you are!
4	This is the best Korean in las vegas as far as we're concerned. It's out of the way in Summerlin, but who cares, it's really good. Notably you want the Braised Galbi JJim. It is so very delicious, unbelievable flavor.The Dolpan Spicy Pork (for two) is really good, but it's huge. More like a dish for 4 or more and order something else.Nice place, friendly staff and solid food options.  definitely a win if you are looking for Korean in las vegas.
1	The place looks very fancy and I heard many wonderful things about it. When we walked into Maru, it was totally a different experience. The waitress looked at us and then proceeded to the bathroom without greeting us. We waited 15 min at the entrance and no one said a thing. Thanks for the service.
5	OMG....  By far the best food I have ever had.
2	We went here a week or so ago after purchasing a Groupon.We got the bulgogi ($25) and kimchee soup ($10). The food was fine but over-priced. I don't think I would go back. There are better Korean restaurants that are more reasonably priced.
5	Friendly service + great food - My fiance and I go here often. I like the peaceful atmosphere and obviously great tasting food. Try the Galbi!
4	An incredibly classy restaurant that I drove by on my way home for two years before I recognized its existence. It's plotted in front of a small business complex and is relatively indistinguishable from its surroundings. This, in combination with the lack of advertisement, is probably the reason why the place has been dead the three times i've visited. Each time I came for the all-you-can-eat sushi which they've recently implemented (probably to bolster business), and it was pretty decent. Their ice cream tastes amazing.A real shame this place doesn't see more people - it deserves it!
2	I tired this place after the reccomendation of a friend.The restaurant was very nice and I liked the setup despite the uptight snooty atmosphere but hey its Summerlin so what do you expect. The AYCE menu was very dismal in selection and was not impressed by the little they did offer. The quality of the fish was good but they should ditch the AYCE and keep it old school and just offer specials on the rolls.The service was ok but seeing how we went early before the lunch rush..its should have been better. We never actually got sushi plates which was rather annoying as well.They did have the Korean BBQ setups at the table so perhaps the wife and I will return and give that a shot when it cools down but til then this is on my no go list.
2	This place is good for lunch because I love their bimbimbop but that's about it.  My wife ordered AYCE sushi and I tried a few roles and it tasted like grocery store sushi.  Seriously.  GROCERY...STORE....SUSHI.  That is lame.  If you get AYCE (for $25 no less) it better be somewhere in between hi quality Ala cart and grocery store.  I'm pretty sure Albertsons has better sushi.  I also ordered the Korea BBQ Pork Belly and that was equally as disappointing.  The meat had no seasoning and no flavor.  I mean seriously didn't the silk road back in the day from east to west involve some kind of spice trade.  Somebody better let this Korean BBQ place know because I don't think they realize salt even exists.  The worst part about all of this is that this place is horrendously overpriced.  I had my daughter with me and I almost had to leave her as a tip.  Don't go here.  Drive the extra 10  minutes and hit up some of the Korean BBQ place in China Town.  So much better.
4	Maru was all in all a very pleasant and rewarding dinner location for me and my girlfriend.First impression: Incredible curb appeal, very upscale, hip and classy decor and presentation.  In a good neighborhood.  Other Korean Restaurants in Vegas are in the part of town where you're concerned about leaving your belongings in your car... NOT MARU!  Its tucked away in a business section of Summerlin with plenty of parking.  There is plenty of room for waiting though we didn't have to.Main Points: The restaurant is an authentic, Korean BBQ.  It is one of the few places in vegas you can get genuine Korean food prepared on a stove at your table or in a hot pot, served raw, etc.  Those reviewers criticizing the AYCE Sushi menu should bear in mind that this is not the primary focus of the establishment, but rather another offering to appeal to a wider audience, as Korean food tends to be extremely esoteric.  Service gripes seem to frequent some of the other reviews, but I have none.  Our hostess, waitress, and busser were all pleasant, helpful, and happy.Food: I ordered four of the traditional, served raw Korean entrees and cooked them at the table for the full experience.  I was not displeased.  The quality of the ingredients was top-notch, and the facilities and atmosphere as well as the assistance from the wait staff was very helpful.The AYCE sushi was ordered by another in our party.  If there is a scale for measuring Sushi quality, it would have grocery store sushi as a 1, and high quality a'la carte as a 10.  This sushi would have to be considered around a 4.  It was definitely good quality fish, and some of the specialty rolls are incredibly good, with interesting flavor combinations.  Some of the nagiri sushi, however, was a bit disappointing when compared with some other AYCE sushi restaurants in Vegas.  I am readily prepared to forgive this though, for the reason mentioned earlier in the review.  The Korean food was superb.Bottom Line: If looking for a night out at a classy Asian food restaurant with friends in Vegas, and you're off the strip, this is a very satisfying location.    Summerlin community, give them a try!
1	Sat at the sushi bar for 10 minutes without water/service or even a greeting.  Yelp recommends? Thats disappointing.  I have been driving by here for 5 years, maybe I'll give it another 5.  Try Sushi Tower instead.  Now that is a 5 star place!
3	I almost don't want to write a review about this place, because I don't want to say anything bad.First off, the staff is so so nice. I really enjoy them. The dining room is beautiful- I love the decor.The food that I've tried just isn't that great. I've been 3 times, and only once was it good. But the staff is soooo incredibly nice, that I would consider going back to try some of the more adventurous dishes- and I would just stay away from the sushi. I just have so many other sushi places I enjoy more.
5	Love this place!  Maru is a classy place to enjoy some good Korean food in a great location in Summerlin.  The beef ribs are very tasty and the Bibimbop is a hearty hot stone bowl!  Very clean and well done decor in the dining area.What I really like is the husband/wife couple who own Maru's often oversee the food and service there along with stopping by the tables to ensure everything is good.
4	It's all about the bibimbap.I came here for lunch with a $30 Groupon. The first thing I noticed was the modern and trendy ambiance. All of the walls seemed to be made out of glass, the tables and booths were made out of a dark wood that went well with all the bamboo lined up in the center of the dining area, and there was a colorful bar area in the other half of the restaurant near the restrooms. Since we came at 11am, there were only a few other parties, so it made for a very chill environment. After perusing the menu, we decided upon the Dolsot Bibimbap, Yokgajang, Jogi Gui, and chicken wings. The Jogi Gui was a lunch special so it came with rice, tempura, salad, and gyoza. We got our chicken wings first. They were pretty mediocre with nothing standing out about them besides the vibrant color. The Yokgajang came out in a giant bowl and it was more than enough for the both of us. I'm not a fan of anything spicy, but I actually enjoyed this (as much as my taste buds could handle). It was very flavorful and the spice definitely added a nice kick. The bibimbap came in a very large stone pot that took up almost the entire space in front of me. I've been craving bibimbap, so I dug in right away. It was hearty and delicious! I was so distracted by it that I just stopped eating anything else that we ordered and gave the bibimbap all of my attention. My favorite part was the crunchy bits of rice and egg that got stuck on the bottom of the pot. The dish went perfectly with all the banchan they gave us. If I didn't live so far, I'd probably come here twice a week just for the bibimbap. Overall, the presentation of all the food was perfect, the ambiance was very relaxing, and the food was tasty. I'd probably save this place for a nice lunch or dinner date though because you're definitely paying for the ambiance and I'm sure you'd want to enjoy it with someone ;)
2	How the hell can you claim to have all you can eat sushi when you damn selection is only the 10 basic rolls you can get an any other sushi restaurant for nearly the same cost as buying them individually?I really want to give this place 1 star but I'm pretty much ranting on the AYCE sushi aspect of this restaurant.  I only came here because it was the closest sushi place from my buddies house and to be honest, I was PUMPED to come here since I was starving for AYCE sushi and wanted to try some new stuff.The building is aesthetically pleasing and it does have a warm/cozy feel to it.  But the service was lacking (mainly since the waitress seemed to forget that I existed). Anyways, I look at all the stuff on the menu then come to find out every single thing I planned on ordering from the AYCE sushi was not on the AYCE sushi menu.Fuck.That.NoiseI have never been so tilted after eating sushi, it fucking defies the laws of physics.#Hungry#Ripoff#HorribleSelection#WelcomeToSheetySushi
2	Love the spot, don't love the food.Maru is a good spot for Korean if you just can't make it to Chinatown.   I've enjoyed their dolsot bibimbap several times and it's one of my favorites in town.  It's a big portion, so, come hungry.  Maru also brings out a decent selection of banchan and they are happy to refill, and refill, and refill....Their seafood sundubu, however, is another story. It's watery and relatively flavorless.  Especially gross was that all the shrimp in my soup were not de-veined. Sick. The other seafood in the wasn't much better - mostly rubbery and overcooked.Service can be spotty here, so, if you're looking for attention, steer clear.
4	I advise not to make an order for pick up - i ordered bi bim bap for pick up and i got a tablepoon of everything. it was very little..However, if you do sit down to eat, you def get your monies worth.
5	Love this place! Great sushi and Korean. Although I mostly go for the sushi
3	Notthe best Korean bbq or sushi restaurant.  Meat was very fatty but if you are looking for traditional dish they do have good kimchi stew.
5	I went to Maru once while attending a nearby conference. I took colleagues from Korea and Japan. They liked it so much they went back before 'Leaving Las Vegas'.  I also sent link to a local Korean who likes tidy clean places as much as he likes Korean food. He goes there all the time. So I'm surprised at the negative reviews. I will have to visit again when in Vegas area to reconfirm Maru's awesomeness because I found it really good!!  (I of course had the dolsot bibimbap - yum!)
5	My wife and I were apprehensive after reading the reviews regarding poor service and the sushi not being great.  We were pleasantly thrilled.We live in walking distance to the restaurant and pass it all the time.  I was under the impression that Korean BBQ meant you had to cook your own food at your table as I did long ago when i lived in L.A.  This is not the case.  The atmosphere is modern and quality.  We ordered Soon Tofu Soup (seafood) and Dolsot Bipimbap.  Both were excellent and very fresh tasting.  Las Vegans are often (always) in a rush, so i understand the slow service comments.  However, this place has the feel of a family restaurant.  A place where i want to take my time eating and enjoy the food.My wife order the Maru Punch adult drink and she commented on how much larger it was compared to anywhere else.  On the strip, the drink would be a quadruple.  Have someone else drive you home if your order one.The staff were very friendly and the place was spotless.  The hostess was super nice too.  She intruduced herself to all of the guests.
5	a-mazing . I love all the fresh veggies they bring to your table. I eat here once a week. its addicting. the tuna tataki sushi plate is also yummy
5	I am a frequent visitor in Las Vegas, and honestly this is hands down the best place for a nice authentic Korean BBQ meal.  The restaurant is located about 10 mins west of the strip, but it's well worth the drive.  I read many reviews on this restaurant pertaining to the sushi, but I don't tend to go to Korean BBQs for sushi.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, you can tell they spent some money on interior.   They have a room for karoke, a sushi bar, outdoor seating for the smokers, and a full bar.  When it comes to food, they definitely don't skimp on the the portions here.If you leave this place hungry, it's your fault because I don't see how it's possible with the ridiculous portions.  I highly recommend the Galbi Jjim and the Seafood Soup.   The Galbi Jjim is so tender it's amazing.  Love this place and will continue to come back.
2	The good..1) Beautiful place2) Excellent service3) Quality BBQ meat The bad...1) Spoiled side dishes (KimChee & Spinach)2) Fish cake was cold and disgusting.3) Experienced diarrhea 10 minutes after finishing dinner.4) Overpriced green tea ($5 for two servings)First time we were here was about 2 years ago and the food was good. It appears this place has gone downhill due to the lack of customers and are compensating by cutting on their quality and raising their prices. What a shame.
4	I walked in and was impressed with the dining are of this place - it was rather tony.  It is a contemporary design and feels inviting.I ordered a non spicy - spicy tuna roll.  (my kids will not eat anything spicy).  Then we went with the Korean BBQ dinners with short ribs and the thinly sliced beef .  They brought out the side dishes and salad.  The kimchi, cucmbers, then they had some stuff that was tasty but I had no idea what it was, and potato salad.  Everything tasted fresh and well prepared.  I have only been to a few Korean BBQ places but I am really starting to get in to it.  I am not an expert at Korean food, but this place was excellent.  I have been to 3 other Korean joints in town and this was by far the nicest one.
5	one of my favorite sushi joints in this town. i even like this place after going on a disastrous date there with a girl i considered to be the girl of my dreams, so that should say something!
1	I was there with a group on 1/30/2013. We were the only ones there. The waitress took our order and repeated it back to us. We ordered sushi....oh no they were out. So we ordered #1 short ribs, #2 thinly sliced beef. #3 BBQ Chicken, and two orders of stirfry, 1 chicken, one beef. The salad and the sides were good. The #1 short ribs were good. The #2 was awful. It was too sweet and the meat tasted bad. I tell our waitress that the dish is not good. The waitress says, "What do you want me to do?" My reply, "Take it away, we are not going to eat it." Not only did she not take it away, she did not offer anything else on the menu and she still charged me for the dish. She also forgot to bring us our BBQ Chicken. When asked, the waitress said, "You didn't order." Over priced and BAD service. I will not be returning!
4	Great atmosphere and good location in Summerlin.  My wife's favorite is the Bi Bim Bop, but I prefer their Kimchi Chigae and the rice cake soup.
5	Our new favorite Korean restaurant!
4	I have never had the sushi here, my review is based only on my Korean food experience at Maru.It doesn't compare to Mom's cooking, but it definitely satisfies my Korean food craving on those nights when Chinatown is just too far. The interior is very nice and always clean when I have been here. I usually order:-pajun (kimchi pancake)-seafood soondubu (spicy tofu soup)-dolsot bibimbap (hot stone bibimbap)Servers are friendly and the food is consistent. Banchan has been fresh everytime as well. Until there are more Korean options in Summerlin I will definitely continue to come to Maru, and even then, keep it in my rotation.
3	Korean and Sushi ....think again. We sat down and were given lunch menus with specials - all but one special included sushi! We made our selections not being informed of the recent departure as their name indicates. Still baffled as i write this why we were left to choose from the lunch menu. We then had to select again. Not impressed.  Green Tea?? Almost as much as an entree! Food came - it was good - not great.Likely wont be back. Sorry Maru :(
4	I was fooled by the two $$ on yelp. I though it would be a hole in the wall decent priced kinda place. Nope. The store front said it all. I knew I was gonna spend way more than I had planned to but I was too hungry to drive away. I was floored at the 29.99 for one order of Galbi. The Seafood pancake was 16.00 almost double of what I usually pay for. The banchan came out and it all looked really fresh and seasoned properly, they all tasted just as good as it looked not salty at all. All the veggies including the salad that came with the meal was the freshest veggies I've ever been served at a KoreanRestaurant. The amount of Galbi that came on the sizzling platter was a big disappointment for the price but the quality of the meat,the taste and texture was perfect. I have had better seafood pancake but it still was pretty good. Nothing went to waste I was pleased with every item. The restaurant was clean, bathroom was clean and service was great.
4	Maru is kind of an anomaly. It looks really, really nice. I mean exceptionally so. Their servers are friendly and helpful. Everything is clean. All these factors are probably due to the fact that they're in a more business-oriented area, outside of Chinatown. This works against them, too, as they don't have a lot of people who even know they're there.Anyway, the place aside, I've generally stuck with their Korean selections. My favorite? Their dolsot bibimbap. It is generous, fresh, and very much delicious. I also love all their banchan. I have probably gone through 3-4 dishes of all their different kimchi in one sitting. Their beef dishes are also pretty delicious, but I've also rarely had bad Korean BBQ. The not so good? Definitely their tofu soups. Lackluster. Their sushi... no idea how it is. But it's acceptable they even serve it because most sushi places in Vegas are Korean anyway.This is kind of a far out area for most people, but it's a pretty good choice for lunch. Dinner is honestly too expensive. I think it's worth the visit.
4	I have been to maru a few times. I have to say that it is the best Korean BBQ so far that I have found in vegas.The bulgogi is really good also had the dolsot bibimbop and some of their tofu soups is a must. Also had their sushi a few times and it was good as well.The decor is really nice and the place is really clean.
4	Super place to have some bibimbap at 10pm on a Monday night.  Even though it was late and they were going to close in an hour the food was delicious.  Can't wait to try it again, planning on going full on BBQ next time.
4	Fresh, good quality ingredients in the dolsot bibimbap.Was there right when the opened so was the only customers. Very attentive wait staff. Very nice decor.This place rivals the Korean joints on the Asian Strip.
4	Having lived in Korea for several years, I can recognize and appreciate good Korean food. While it's not exactly like what one would get in Korea, it is very delicious. Probably the best Bibimpap in town, and best side dishes (banch'an). The only thing I've had that was so/so was the ddokguk. I've never had their sushi, so I can't respond to some of the bad reviews of it. But why go to a Korean restaurant if you want great sushi, anyway? For Korean food, it's tough to beat this place.
5	The best Korean food in Vegas. Clean and great service .A place that I would go back to.
4	This is a good place for lunch. The price is reasonable and they have good selections. They can't serve seafood right now due to a licensing issue but the employee saya theyre working on it. Nontheless, a good place for Korean food!
5	We has a fantastic dinner! I was craving Korean and it had been far too long. We started with the seafood pancake, which was quite large and chalk full of seafood. I had the bipimbop (sp?), which is typically a rice, veggie, egg and meat sampler in a stone bowl served with optional spicy sauce. I asked them to leave off the meat (as I am a pescatarian), and the chef added some delicious tofu. Yum! The best part is the rice on the bottom of the bowl that gets crispy and delicious - it did not disappoint. My husband had the bulgagi (Korean BBQ). It was a very large plate of shaved meat that he absolutely gorged on. In all, we loved our meal. The restaurant was, sadly, quite empty. I hope more people try it soon. (Note: the negative reviews below are basically all about the sushi - especially the AYCE. The sushi bar was not open when we went.)
5	Great Korean BBQ in the Summerlin/Trail Center area. Brisket and Chicken were our favorites. Cleanest Korean BBQ I've ever been in. Staff was great as well as service.
4	I've been here twice now when I come in from SF and have had different dishes each time. This places is consistently and woefully desolate on a Saturday for lunch which is a true shame because it has really good Korean food! The kimchi pancakes are just right. The bibimbap is great, and the goon man du a solid 4 out of 5. This restaurant has a very new interior, is classy, and - what really counts - it has great food. Don't pass this one up!
4	Nice and clean place, perfect for date night. The waitresses are always friendly, but service can be a little slow when it gets busy. That probably has a lot to do with the fact that I've never seen more than one waitress at a time. They have a beautiful full bar and a good selection of cocktails and beers. No sushi, which is a shame since the sushi bar looks really nice. I come for the Soon Tofu stew, which is always really good, but very mild. Ask them to make it extra spicy to get a more flavorful stew. The banchan is pretty good too. I haven't tried the barbeque, but I've seen others ordering it, and they look like huge portions. In short, good Korean food, probably your only option in the Summerlin area. Try if you're on this side of town!
