5	the best place for lunch around unlvgyros and falafel are specialtiesi usually go for the vegetarian combo(grape leaves, spinach pie, falafel, pita, tabouleh, etc.........)fast & friendly service, too!!
5	Yeah, the name's a little weird but that is of no concern - these people can make some seriously good food.  Gyros are, of course, their specialty, but they have an ample selection of shwarama, kabobs, various salads, and other Mediterranean delights.  They just remodeled as well from a small space that was basically a glorified, stationary gyros stand to a twice-the-size legitimate restaurant.Their chicken kabob plate is astounding.  It includes some deliciously marinated and grilled chicken on a bed of rice with hummus, Israeli salad, pita and garlic sauce.  I make little packages of amazing deliciousness with the pita, garlic, hummus, rice and chicken.  It's nearly impossible to tell anyone how wonderful it really is.  It's my lunch comfort food.There are so many fancy schmancy Mediterranean places every where.  Daily Chicken may not look like a whole lot, but they have the important stuff (great food, nice people) DOWN.
4	Not a bad place to get some fast food around UNLV.  The gyros are good.  I even liked the falafel, but I was pretty hesitant to try since brown balls made from vegetables didn't look that appealing.  I mean they have a lot of other good selections, but I'm mostly a gyro guy.
4	This is by far one of the best Mediterranean fast food restaurants I've been to.  I ordered the 1/4 Flame Grilled Chicken that came with white or dark chicken meat served on a bed of rice and side of garlic sauce.  the price was decent ($8.35) plus tax.  It was the best chicken I've had in a long time.  The atmosphere was laid back and relaxed.  I loved the fact their menus that hang above the cashier was big and very legible.  It was very clean inside and even had a hookah lounge towards the back.  The decorations were colorful and the set up was almost like a food court setting with all the chairs and tables spread out with a good amount of space.  I was also  amazed by how nice the cashier was and helpful too. Only thing I don't like was the rice.  It tasted old and off.  Despite that, I would go back again for the chicken, salad, and hummus.  Mmmm... hummus.
4	AKA daily chicken! Food's good, so is the hookah.
5	A lunch at Stephano's is worth the 10 dollars. It's family owned and operated, roomy, welcoming, and never too busy. It's within walking distance of UNLV and open late, it makes a perfect study hang out or casual lunch spot. They have the BEST French fries, kebabs, garlic sauce, and the Israeli salad is marinated in love or something because I cannot even approximately recreate it in my own kitchen. Outside seating is nice in the spring time, and they also serve more than basic domestic beers (Almaza, Kirin, Flying Horse, etc) and hookah, which is served in the back. I have never had a dissapointing meal at Stephano's (even when it was the greasy hole-in-the-wall formerly known as the Daily Chicken), which is saying a lot since I ate 80% of all my meals here in college.
4	So I have to admit...sometimes I feel a little cheated that I am not of Greek ancestry. I mean come on, this is one area of the world that has some of the best food one could ever taste and yes I could quite possibly have it everyday for the rest of my life. Yep, even carnivores and vegetarians could even sit together, eat and feel like gluttons after having this type of cuisine.  For me...I love it all....meat, veggies and even the Satan-contaminated carbs....bring it on!! I recently discovered this gem after a classmate of mine and I needed to refuel for the long day ahead. He suggested this place because it was across from campus and since I crave Greek/Mediterranean about once a week...I didn't mind trying a place I had yet to experience.  When we arrived I decided to order the combo plate ( chicken, beef and lamb gyro served with onion and a side of Israeli salad, hummus, pita bread and a garlic sauce I could drink by the pitcher) and because I am not ashamed to stuff my face and call it healthy at the same time I had the Greek Salad as well. Good God....the Greek gods were singing praises when I had took my first bite!! The meat was fresh and well portioned. The hummus was smooth and creamy and the salad was abundant with veggies and feta cheese just like Zeus would have liked it. Prices were decent which I loved yet the only thing I would complain about is the Spinach Pie...a little too dry and bland for my taste and the Falafel lacked a little flavor. But after I found out that they served Ouzo and that they do deliver I felt better (but what doesn't feel better after Ouzo!) Overall, my experience here was great....I can't wait to try the other items they have to offer. I will be back soon because I think I have just been hit by the "let the addiction begin" bat by Aphrodite.
5	Wow -- what a change!   I remembered reading Carly's review in my earliest Yelp days (looking for new places around UNLV) and thinking -- nice decor?  huh?  looking at the pictures and scratching my head.  Okay -- the last time I ate at Stephano's -- you know that place across the street from UNLV's Student Union that serves falafel and gyros -- it was always so dumpy and kind of, well, pathetic.  I felt sorry for the guys that ran it -- they tried so hard...  but I never dragged myself back...For some reason today I needed a change from my regular banh mi -- and took a friend over to Stephano's -- I couldn't believe my eyes -- WOW!  what a change!  This place looks really terrific now -- it's no longer a dump!  It's really really cute -- Efficient counter service in the front -- with comfortable chairs in the dining area -- even a cozy lounge - I guess for hookah in the back.   There's even a Stephano -- or Stephan - the owner - and he was darling, kind and very happy to know that the change was noticed.  Then there's the food -- I went in with my tastebuds set on falafel -- that's Amena Bakery's fault but they were too far away -- the real truth behind why I actually went to Stephano's!  But I got inside and was so blown away -- I noticed the Gyro Bowl right away -- why?  because it included cleverly, their yummy buttery rice, Israeli salad, tzatsiki and gyro meat -- hmmm.... perfect -- particularly with a big squeeze of fresh lemon juice!  It was huge -- My friend got one too and we split an order of fries (because Carly said they were not to be missed -- and she wasn't joking -- they're fab).  They had pickled turnip at the counter -- and red rooster to kick things up.  I was stunned by their beer selection -- but Stephano was quick to let us know that come April 1st, their full liquor license will be in effect so we should expect a lot more from him soon!Again -- a perfect Yelp find!   And only because of Carly's brilliant review did I even venture back inside again -- now it's going to be a regular part of my UNLV lunchtime repertoire!    Congratulations Stephan!  We'll YELP the word out!Update:  a small group of us gathered pre-Slow Food lecture and tried a vegetarian plate and a meat plate -- both were great.  Nick and Maria, Stephan's nephew and niece who run the restaurant with him couldn't have been more hospitable.  Today, I ran over to grab a quick bite for lunch -- Nick had mentioned the other evening how good the ribeye was -- so I had the ribeye shawerma.  Ok, it was messy, drippy, and I was so happy I wasn't wearing white because I loved every juicy bite!  I had them replace the standard tomatoes and onion for israeli salad -- and I added a squeeze of lemon= heaven.  And not so huge (about 1/4 less than a Chipotle burrito) that I wanted to take a nap afterwards.
4	Liquor license is all in -- took the hubs today and he freaked out over Stephan's amazing offering of international beers; thought the food was pretty good, too.   Even better though, Stephan's going to turn the joint into a disco/club/? Friday nights and stay open til 3...  so now Chef's got another late night joint to take the boys when the kitchen closes... as I peacefully, happily, contentedly sleep...hey, he's much prettier than I am, so beauty sleep is required, not optional...
3	Nice space, kinda hip, low key and comfy, kinda what you expect across from a college. Stephano's seems like a family run joint. The Gyro and all its components were great. What I found odd was how awful the hummus was. Maybe we got a bad batch or they just like to add construction paper to the recipe?
3	Nothing was bad.  Service was walk up to the counter, place your order, retrieve your order--in other words, there was no service to speak of.  At least the woman at the counter took the order, rang it up and passed it on to the cook, and did so efficiently and pleasantly.  The decor is nothing special.I had the falafel pita with fries--the falafel needed to be a bit more spicy, the dressing needed to be more tart and mint-laced, and the fries were those nasty ones with faux crispy coating.  I don't like any fries that aren't identifiably real potato and nothing more.Unless I find some place substantially better to satisfy my occasional falafel cravings, I'll return.
5	Wow! This place has changed a lot over the years... I first went to it what like 10 years ago when it was Daily Chicken... at that time I thought hey a place across from campus (UNLV) that's not fast food.... that was when I got hooked on their chicken with the garlic dip... YUM!!! Since then I've gone over the years.... the place is now called Stephanos... family owned... which I like since my family owns a business in town too... awesome decor when you walk in... you order at the counter..... and they give you a pager letting you know your foods ready.... its a nice little spot to hang out, have some great food and even some hookah... I myself love hookah and this this place makes the best hookahs in town.... they also have wi-fi so you can find me hanging out doin some homework with friends while having a good meal... the food speaks for itself... everything i have tried has been great! i luv luv luv the fries too!!!!  all in all, this is a great comfortable spot that really has some excellent food at a great atmosphere!!!
3	Stephano's offers tasty falafel, gyros, and hummus in a nice, relaxed atmosphere. They've got an impressive selection of imported beers by the bottle. This is a good place to stop for a satisfying lunch. I do wish they would adopt the standard "fast casual" service approach -- bringing your completed order to you, rather than expecting you to retrieve it at the counter. Real silverware (vs. plastic) would be good, too.
3	Good food, decent pricesAlso doubles as a hookah lounge Beer selection is good for a location this small
5	came here saturday night,craving for some chicken kebabs n hummus..we found this chill place right across UNLV prices are decent and the food is very good! i think the best I've ever had.I wish it was served on ceramic plates tho instead of plastic.But all in all very good!its not very easy to find tho so keep your eye on the commercial centers
5	This place is so good...my fave here is the shawerma salad.  The food is always so fresh.  I make it a point to stop here on every trip I make from Los Angeles.  Definitely check it out.
5	This review is a long time comin'. Stephano's is the official Endorsed Hookah Lounge of Matt C. Let me break it down for ya:Hookah---Stephano's does a good hookah. Period. It's priced fairly, and usually lasts 2+ hours. Hookahmaster General Nick (a title I just invented) is an avid smoker, and takes pride in his work. He's often working on new tweaks for better smoking, and can wax poetic on things like shisha quality, etc. But, what initial got me coming back to Stephano's was the smoking quality/time/money ratio. Paymons' can make a good hookah too, but they never last over an hour. For the same money, you can smoke for hours at Stephano's, plus the refills are cheaper.Food---I like it, and most people I bring enjoy it also. It's not super-cheap, but I never feel like I've overpaid either. My personal favorites are the gyro pizza and the gyro bowl. It's not on the menu, but they also serve edamame, which is the perfect hookah nosh. Their beer menu is also pretty strong, and well priced.Ambiance---This is something else I really like about Stephano's - it's casual atmosphere. It's a relaxed environment, and I don't feel conspicuous if I'm  sitting there alone. They have regular height tables up front, which are great if you wanna work on something while you're smoking, and a banquette'd lounge-area in the back (great for dates). Plus, even when they dim the lights in the evenings, it's still usually bright enough to read - not the case at Paymon's. If you're looking for a dark, super-romantic place though, it might not be the first choice. I will say that my FLF prefers the environ of Stephano's over all the other like establishments I've taken her. Service---Food wise, it's served at a counter, kinda fast-food-style. But if you're smoking, you get waiter service along with it. There's usually only one person doing all the serving/hookah-tending, so it occasionally gets slow, but It's a family business, so you get the plus'es and minuses of that. Nick especially is good about keeping coals tended properly. Owing to the family business thing, I was able to get the aforementioned edamame on the menu quite easily. I don't know about you, but I really like a place that caters to its customers. Conclusion---I like it here, a lot.The 5 is comparative to local competition. I don't like giving 5's, and Stephano's isn't perfect, but it's the best I've found in Las Vegas.There you have it.PRO-TIP: Edamame + hookah = winPRO-TIP: Hookah service starts at 5.
3	The only thing I can really say about this place is that it's just okay.The prices are pretty darn fair, and you get a decent amount of food as well. Problem is, the food is nothing to get excited over. It has a hint of authenticity, but has been extremely Americanized. The gyros were okay, and the hummus and tzatziki were passable. The pitas were far too dry and tasteless, so they served solely as a vehicle for the mediocre dips. The garlic sauce on my shawerma was very strange...I didn't hate it with a vengeance like other yelpers did, but I honestly couldn't decide if I liked it or not.The interior was decent and cozy, but definitely had the "college hangout" vibe. Which is fine, of course, as long as you're okay with that. As many others mentioned, there is a hookah lounge too.Customer service was mediocre to start, but warmed up throughout the visit.Surprisingly, the fries were the best part: Perfectly seasoned, thick cut, and extra crispy.I'll probably return, due to proximity and price. I'd be willing to try their wide variety of "Low Carb Plates" which feature double meat and lots of salad, therefore omitting the offensive pita. But I'm going to keep on the lookout for a truly good Greek restaurant. I hear Fat Greek is amazing...
5	My family used to own a Korean restaurant next door many, many years ago... Im so glad to see that Stephan still has his spot! This was the first place I had Hummus, Pita, Garlic Sauce, Baklava and Honey Cake. Everything he made was pretty delicious. Even when my uncle got married, we requested he bake a giant Honey Cake for the wedding. I see its no longer on the menu, but you guys should see if you can get him to make one - it is pure freaking heaven. The owner and his family are genuinely, really - GENUINELY nice people... They really put their devotion into the food... Definitely stopping by on my next trip to Vegas!
4	For late lunch on a Saturday afternoon, a friend and former UNLV student suggested Stephano's. I loved that their menu had pictures as I am a visual person and I am horrible with food names. I had the rib eye steak shwarma combination that came with a side of fries. The shwarma was alright. The meat was a little on the dry side, but the other ingredients compensated for it. Their fries are excellent! I love crispy fries, and these were oh-so-crispy. They also have this cucumber dipping sauce that is really good with the pita bread. Another thing that I must mention is that Stephano's has a lot of different imported beers in their fridge. We tried at least 8 different beers, and they were around $3/bottle. They seriously have a lot of beer to choose from. We just stuck with the lower-priced ones. As for the environment, Stephano's was spacious, even on a Saturday. A few people came in to smoke hookah in the back. They have space reserved for that. All in all, this is a cool place. I'll keep it in mind if I'm ever craving Greek/Mediterranean in Vegas.
4	I totally have garlic breath now! Can you smell it? LOL....I went here for lunch solo today. I wanted to get out of the office for a bit and it was a nice break. They had the World Cup on 3 screens which was nice and it wasn't on overly loud so you could still have a conversation.I ordered the Garlic Chicken Sandwich combo with fries and a drink. It was $8.32 and it was a lot of food! I managed to finish the sandwich which was loaded with tomaotoes, chicken, onion and garlic sauce on a  good Panini type bread, but had to leave a lot of the fries, which was a shame as they were super fresh, and nice and crispy!They are always very nice, and the same woman has been working the counter for a while and she is always very welcoming. Yummy fresh brewed tea too!
3	I have been here twice and I love it. The chicken was moist, the rice is white, the hummus is well seasoned, and the garlic sauce (paste) is hella garlic. The atmosphere during the day is casual. The TVs are on, but not too loud, there are plenty of tables and chairs.It's a great place to have lunch.
4	After seeing the insane lines and the lame-ass food options the UNLV student union, I decided forgo and head for Stephano's. And I'm glad I did. My only regret is not coming sooner! Stephano's offers excellent quality food at reasonable prices. The decor is inviting, clean, and comfortable. The workers are totally friendly and ask if you have a UNLV ID for a free drink. (Good looking out fellas!) My roasted chicken and chicken kebabs (on different occasions) were flavorful and juicy. My meal came with a delicious Israeli salad, hummus, rice and pita bread. Also, they offer this garlic sauce that is amazing. They have a large selection of beers, if you decide you want some alcohol. The joint is across from UNLV and I plan on coming here at least once a week.
5	Never had a bad experience here. Great food, nice people who work there, casual atmosphere, good prices. If you get a gyro bowl, you can eat half and save half for later. The garlic chicken sandwich is SO garlicy, it's great. I come here weekly!
5	Stephano's is great! My boyfriend and I ordered take-out lunch from here today and loved it! We had a coupon - buy 2 gyros, get 1 free, which we didn't really need... but why not!? So.. we ordered two cheese gyros (gyro, feta cheese, tomatoes, onions, tzaziki sauce) and one beef & lamb gyro (gyro, tomatoes, lots of onions, tzaziki sauce). They were all stuffed with fresh ingredients and had amazing flavor with the tzaziki sauce. The portions were generous, the prices were good, and our order was ready in about 10 minutes. We will definitely be ordering from here again!
4	I got the Gyro Salad and my friend ordered the special-- Gyro with fries. Both of us were satisfied with the food. The man helping us was nice, food arrived promptly and it was delicious. Prices were good, especially for UNLV students nearby. Also, if you are a student you get a free drink!
5	I wish I would have found this place earlier. Delicious mediterranean food, for a good price considering the amount you get, but the best part of the experience - the incredible ambience! In the back part of the restaurant, the sitting are hass tons of pillows and is decorated like it was just meant for you to lay down and fall asleep. Very comfy, and the music is always easy listening, acoustic,  singer/songwriter type stuff, except better than Starbucks.Treat yourself to an Israeli salad. You'll be glad ya did.
5	Look, this is all you need to know:  Rib eye kebab sandwich. No onions.I don't give a damn about the rest of the menu. This all you need.
4	This is my first review, so be kind. :-PI have eaten at Stephano's many times throughout my life as a student at UNLV, and what a long time that has been... (hell, I remember when this place was called the Daily Chicken). It has remained a consistently good lunch venue especially if you are craving something something different from the typical lunch staples around the university (namely, Chipotle, Cafe Rio, Einstein Bagels and others) at a very reasonable price. On top of this it has a pleasant ambiance making it a great place to relax and talk after a filling lunch.  I typically get the gyro combo which comes with a gyro, fries, and a soda. I have not tried many other things on the menu, but as I usually go with friends and they seem pretty satisfied with their selections, I can say that there are at least some other good choices available. (There is a student special similar in price to the gyro combo but is instead a bowl with meat, rice, and vegetables). The amount of food for the price, which comes to under $9 for this particular meal, is very good and the food is received fairly promptly. The gyro has gyro meat (beef and lamb), tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki sauce all in good proportions. The fries are crispy and go well with the gyro. Overall the meal is a great deal and quite delicious.Of course there are better Mediterranean places in Las Vegas, both near and far from the university, but for the price and convenience, this is definitely a great place to eat at! Enjoy!
5	Great gyro's and fun atmosphere.
5	They got the best chicken sandwich in town! Great Gyros especially the Gyro Pizza.  And they have a ridiculously great beer selection.  It's a great place to watch games because they have TVs too.
4	I love going to this place for an easy, healthy lunch or dinner. I've had most of their plates and so far there isn't one I don't like.The atmosphere is casual, and the music is relaxing. Seems to be a popular place with students and faculty of unlv. I'd definitely recommend it if you're in the area and interested in Mediterranean food.
4	Went to Stephano's for lunch with coworkers today. Several people ahead of us but the line moved quickly. Each of us ordered separately. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because mine took much longer than theirs and I had to go up to ask about it, versus them letting me know it may take a little longer. Otherwise service was good, friendly staff and I felt like they appreciated my business. Food was great! I asked for low carb kebab combo (chicken & rib eye) which was not on the menu, but they gladly said okay. Israeli Salad was refreshing and tasty. Coworkers enjoyed their Gyros and fries. Good portion sizes too.Best of all, we learned they deliver! We are a few miles away on Howard Hughes Pkwy - where there aren't a lot of options for delivery. This is great news! ($3 dlvy charge w/$15 minimum)
5	If you're a fan of Mediterranean cuisine that is fast, affordable, and delicious. Go to Stephano's. I didn't discover this place until a few years ago and I regret not knowing about it earlier. It's no Paymon's, but the price and quick service makes it worth while.
5	AMAZZINGG! I've been going there for years and every experience has been DELICIOUS. I love how I can always walk in there expecting to have a great meal. My favorite would have to be the chicken gyro. I HAVE to get a side of seasoned french fries (BEST fries) and Baba Ganoush every time I go. The Baklava is heaven on Earth... I always try to save room for some. It's inexpensive and you get a lot of food. Good music and calm atmosphere. My friends and I can always count on Stephano's after a long day at school. Kick back, eat some tasty food, and order a refreshing beer. I can't wait to go there for lunch tomorrow :)
5	A Little hard to find, but i blame that on my GPS unit. I sampled some fares at the 89xxx Exhibition at UNLV. I was hungry and wanted something different. Upon Entering its laid out nicely. Great seating area. 3 flat screen Tvs. Comfy wide chairs and normal wooden chairs. FREE WIFI. Free baklava when you check in. AWESOME. You can see meat rotating on spits behind the counter. And they hand you a buzzer that lights and vibrates when your food is ready. Music is playing loud enough to here but soft enough you can hold a conversation without yelling. They also serve Alcohol. Mmm Yummy. I had the Gyro Plate. Its Beef and Lamb on Pita. Comes with a extra pita to dip in Hummus and israeli salad. Your pita can come in White or Wheat i like the option because somedays I love wheat bread. The Beef and Lamb was perfectly cooked and had a smoky flavor and spices i never experienced before. They give enough tzatiki sauce. The vegetables on the gyro are nice and fresh. The hummus had the right amount of olive oil floating on top to mix in. And i must mention the gyro and the extra pita come out piping hot. While the Gyro is cooling off i recommend tearing apart the pita and dip it in hummus. Which is what i did. Ive had hummus at other places and it wasnt so great. Here it was on point. Never having Israeli salad before i wasnt sure what to expect. It looked sort of like Pico De Gallo but had great seasoning and spices in what i believe was a Olive oil sauce. Hell Id go back just for the salad. And for the price you will definitely leave full. I didnt have room for their baklava which is delicious. Next time you go, CALL ME and ill meet who ever is going.
4	Wonderful little place that a friend and I had stumbled upon. We had just had a long hot day at Hoover Dam and wanted some grub. Mediterranean fare was what we had agreed upon and because I am one of the few people without a smart phone I had to rely on my car's GPS for a food search. I had the shwarma  salad and it was delish. They also had deals for college students and free baklava with check in. There was also a pickled turnip bar, which I absolutely love. All in all this is a wonderful little place and refreshing as opposed to eating all the franchise junk on the strip. Definitely would return to if I am ever in Vegas.
5	hobby got the gyro bowl $7.87, I got the chicken Shawerma wrap with fries and a drink $8.25. Fries taste great, try the fries sauce. it's interesting. my chicken shawerma has some garlic sauce and tahini sauce.  it was the best compare to Filfila Mediterranean Cafe or  Kyklos Gyro.  Even it's not as big as the Kyklos Gyro, you can order the gyro bowl (either chicken or the beef lamb gyro), rice are delicious (maybe cook with gravy from the gyro). Honey cannot finish all the rice from his combo.  Definitely will come again.
4	I am not a Mediterranean food expert but so far this place is pretty chill. Always friendly and on time. A cool chill spot to get some food that'll actually fill u up. I like to get their veggie platter that has hummus, tubule, grape leaf wrap, salad, pita bread, and spinach pie. Yes it's a lot of food for one person so I try and share each time I order it.  If I am alone I order a ---- wrap but if I don't feel tol hungry I skip the wrap and order the ---- appetizer which is still a lot of food. The only thing I wish is For them to have more drink choices because their water does not taste good and I dont like sodas from the choices on the fountain.I know they do hooka at night but I never smelled it in the air during the day, which is the time i usually go for lunch.I've tried their greek salad before but I don't know if they forgot to give me dressing.. there was no sauce whats so ever so i had a very boring salad. And they forgot to give me my free Baklava for Checking in! :(
5	Gyros are bomb. Prob the best in town. Service is good too. I recommend to everyone. Oh and the fries. Yummy
4	Really good chicken shawarma! Prices are kinda expensive though. Check in for a free baklava
3	I've been coming to Stephano's for years and I have never been disappointed. Today I got the Gyro Salad, and it was good.  At first glance it looks like a paltry amount of sliced Gyro meat, but looks are deceiving.  There is plenty of meat to create a nice balance with all of the other salad ingredients which include:  fresh and bright green romaine lettuce, Roma tomatoes, a generous amount of crumbled feta cheese, Greek olives, and overly substantial amount of sliced raw white onions (note:  sizes of onion slices are also overly substantial).  The salad is also served with 2 grilled pitas, so it's not a light meal.I recommend the salad; the dressing is basic but good with red wine vinegar and dried oregano as dominating flavors.  The gyro meat is grilled which is a nice touch, because like 99% of all gyro joints, Stephano's  uses the factory processed gyro force meat that tends to be salty, but the grilling cuts down on the saltiness.  They also take the time grill the pita bread and it makes a world of difference in the flavor and is much appreciated.Stephano's only gets 3 stars from me for many reasons.  The prices are pretty high for a quick lunch place, my lunch was around $9.00 and there wasn't much to the preparation.  There was no perception of value, especially since it caters to people on a students' budget.  The amount of raw onions were insane.  I love raw onions but even after picking most of them off, I could feel the sulphurous onion essence seeping from my pores.  I'm going to class for the next 5 hours and I feel bad for those that have to sit around me.  Another thing that is hurting the star rating of Stephano's is the fact that they use those annoying pagers to notify you that your order is ready.  The pagers are constantly going off around you, they are annoying and stupid.A few final notes; the free wifi is great and they do have a lunch/student special which offers a free drink with certain orders.  If you go during lunch, avoid the lunch rush (12:30 until 2:00 ish) it can get uncomfortably crowded in there.
4	If you want Greek food, I suggest checking this place out.  Forget about Opa, or that drive thru Greek crap in town.  This place has it all and does it right.  I'm not a true fan of Greek fare, but when I am in the mood for it, this place is the stop I'll make.First, it's easy to order, well priced, and they have a lot of dishes you wouldn't normally see at the other Mediterranean places.What they do have that others serve is done well.  Their pita is soft and chewy, the meats are well seasoned and delish, and their sauces (yogurt, hummus, etc.) taste fresh and served in generous portions.  The gyro I ordered could honestly feed two people or one hungry big guy.  I'm a big girl myself and I couldn't eat the entire thing.  They keep their gyro's simple, too--onion, cucumber and the sauce.  Done.  I love that.Want to Greek out?  Head here for some nummies and bring an empty stomach.  They do take out, too.
4	I'm not going to lie, this place is a little hard to find at first. I had the chicken kabob and rice and my husband got some sort of gyro. We both enjoyed our food. I expected this to be more of a sit down restaurant with a menu and waiter/waitress but it was more of a Carl Jr. type of place where you go up to the counter, place your order and once its done, they call you to come get it. So, that was interesting... I'd like to come here again and try other stuff on their menu... so many things sounds good.
4	Stephanos has been on my list of UNLV vicinity eats since I first wandered in a few years ago, tempted by the name. Yes it was because it had Steph in the name. As a vegetarian I can't personally vouch for the gyros, but my sometimes carnivore spouse loves the cheese gyros with lamb. I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).The restaurant itself is clean and spacious. Although I've never tried out the hookahs myself, I've often witnessed others enjoying them immensely. There are big tables/booths that are perfect for dining with a big group, as well as smaller tables for smaller gatherings. There are also a couple flat screen televisions that are usually tuned to sports or the news.
4	i've been on a hummus kick lately(just checked out Hummus Bar) and when I was at school and yelped hummus this spot came up and I was psyched. Ordered an order of hummus and two chicken kebabs. The portion was a very good size.The price is also very low, I paid the same amount as Hummus Bar but got twice the amount of food.I would say the hummus is of  equal quality  maybe not as smooth as HB but it's not even noticeable. However Stephano's pita is a bit on the harder side and I prefer mine soft and fluffy like at HB's.
5	Actually, you should also be aware that their low carb ribeye plate is basically a to-go box piled high with delicious meat. I had enough steak for 2 lunches and an omelet!
4	I chose this place based on yelp and the fact that a Groupon discount was burning a hole in my pocket.  I ended up ordering the beef and lamb gyro dish with wheat pita bread.  The Israeli salad was awesome!  The hummus was not bad and so was the falafel.  They have a nice selection of imported bottled beers and to top it off, I got a free baklava just for checking in on yelp (it was just a small sample piece that was just ok).  I would definitely hit this place up again if I'm ever in the area.
5	Moussaka! I love this dish. They have a vegetarian version that is great. I've never really been disappointed coming here. The wait time for the food is the only thing that is on the down side if you're super hungry, but it's understandable because they get quite a bit of business being located across the street from campus. They have the option of wheat or white pitas which is interesting. Their gyro meat is always perfectly charred. That burnt taste is what I live for!!!!! Just kidding, sort of. That tomato cucumber salad they always serve on the side is delicious and quite refreshing. I will continue to come here as long as I'm at UNLV.
4	I gave this place a try the other day.  I ordered the spinach pie plate, which comes with a spinach pie, 2 stuffed grape leaves, Israeli salad, hummus and two pieces of pita bread.  The food was good, no doubt.  Unfortunately, I came at a busy lunch time, and they either lost my receipt or forgot my order.  A complimentary bowl of soup (mushroom and garlic) and the calm and polite staff turned this experience to a four-star visit.  I do wish that the FOH or the menu gives customers warning about the length of time the spinach pie takes to cook, I would have ordered something else.
4	I've been eating at Stephano's since well before I knew what Yelp was. It was a nice option to have across Maryland Parkway when I was going to UNLV.Fast forward to last night. A few of us Yelpers decided to go there after the Jeff Mitchum gallery event. OK so really, we went there so that Tony T could use his soon-to-expire Groupon. Somewhat unfortunately, we came in during an open mic night. The performers weren't awful, but I guess we weren't really in the mood for the loudness.Anyway, I ordered a pork souvlaki sandwich combo (fries + drink). My total with tax was under $10. The pork was delicious and the sandwich overall was just oozing with flavor (and literally oozing with the sauce). The fries were also perfectly cooked. Overall, it was a very satisfying meal.Make sure you check in to get your free baklava with a purchase of $5 or more. Theirs had the perfect amount of sweetness. I don't like it when baklava has too much of the sauce that makes the dessert way too sweet and sticky.
5	OMG!!! My amazing wife has done it once again....she managed to find a hidden gem.....well i am a pretty big fan of Mediterranean food so she already had me there but this place was hands down my favorite place here in Vegas so far....service was good and the place was clean and the beef and lamb plate my wife and i had were more than satisfying .....i was stuffed but my crazy wife remembered they sold baklava .....omg it was warm and fresh and i about died due to the amazing flavors of the baklava....id highly recommend this if you dont want something to upscale and just want a meal that will meet all of your expectations!
5	I had  a living social deal from this place for a long time. Finally we managed to go and use it on the day before it was about to expire.. and I'm glad we did. We had 2 beef and lamb plates with Israeli salad, humus, and tzatziki plus 2 pita breads. They have a little pepper bar as well and give you extra tzatziki if you need more. I must say I really enjoyed the food there. The staff was very nice as well and the place is big and very clean. Nothing more to add. Would love to go back.
4	I have to admit, the falafel was pretty dang good!  The pita that came with the falafel plate was a little disappointing.  Cut in half and stuck together, I really couldn't use it to make a falafel pita.This is the first order-at-the-counter establishment I have been to that use those little vibrating coasters to tell you when your order is ready.  Good idea, no yelling out numbers or mispronouncing someone's name. But the damn thing scared the crap out of me!The food took a lot longer to come out than I thought it would, but the light and fluffy falafel was worth the wait.  I'll be back to try more dishes, including the vegetarian moussaka, which I find intriguing. Maybe I just got a bad batch of pita.
4	We ate here as a family last Saturday. It was pretty empty at first, but some more came in as we were eating. The decor is nice.The menu had plenty of choices.Hubby, daughter, and myself all went for the gyro combo. I was very excited to see that a garlic sauce was on the menu and asked for that on the side. It was not garlic sauce. It was more of a cold chunk of garlic butter. We did have a choice of pitas...and I went for the wheat. It was very good. The fries were oversalted, but I rubbed it off.Son ordered a gyro meat over rice with salad. It also came with a pita. We all tasted it and the salad mixed with the Greek rice was SO good! We'd love to go back another time when we're in town to try the falafels. Great food!The only con was that it was freezing inside. Anyone can tell you that I don't get cold easily. It was cold in there!I'm a tough customer when it comes to tzatziki sauce. This wasn't the greatest. It was like they forgot to season it. Where was the cucumber?  It was certainly lacking and needs improvement.
5	Great service, great food = BOMB.COM!!
4	Travelling from Hawaii, I read good things about this place and also got a good deal on it. Although Vegas had just been hit by the 'North Winds' and temperatures dropped to 50 degrees with 30 mph winds, I wanted to get my Greek fix and visit neighboring UNLV. I had my menu items picked out weeks in advance, so I stepped up and ordered.Hummus side- 3 1/2-stars- The hummus as clean, basic and creamy. Obviously, you get a nice layer of olive oil on top. This comes with a steaming back of pita bread, wrapped warm and tight. I'd consider this a good compliment to any dish. But, if you're ordering a plate with hummus or been-there-done-that, I'd recommend baba ganoush as another option.Feta with Olives side- 4-stars- A beautiful, briny dish also served with it's own batch of pita bread. (I hear the wheat pita is the best, as one man exclaimed.) The huge, purplish Kalamata olives are so sweet and salty, with very small seeds. It was just a satisfaction biting into these. The feta was also brisk and briny. It was almost too much salt for one dish, but eating them with a pita helped to spread the distinct flavors out a little.Falafel Plate- 4-stars- Served with five falafels, the spices hit you immediately. The falafel were a little drier, yet also crispier than I've been accustomed to. There is a light coating of tzatziki to add some moisture. The Israeli salad is a mixture of cucumber, tomato, onion, and cilantro almost like a salsa. Amazingly, the flavor and freshness reminded me of a lomi lomi in Hawaii (without the seafood obviously). My suggestion, as you also get pitas with this plate--add the salad into the pita, then pack on some hummus to keep all the loose pieces together. Throw on the falafel last, then enjoy the mixture of flavors as they hit your taste-buds. The plate is huge, and all three was more than enough to stuff me beyond capacity. Yet, I didn't feel weighed down, which is a good thing. Healthy and delicious!Atmosphere- The set-up is very open and casual, with light music playing in the background. Check out the seats in the rear of the restaurant if you want a more intimate feel while you're eating--with pillows, etc. rather than wooden seats. The decorations are light, but there is a nice bookshelf dedicated to the beers they carry. Wi-fi is also available, yet secured, so I guess you gotta ask for the password--there was no info on the receipt nor the buzzer they give you with your order. I did find it amusing, there was sriracha sauce available as a hot sauce. I don't know if it's made it all the way to Greece, or the local clientele just loves it, but sriracha is definitely a good, comforting sign of discriminating tastes.Service- Service is very casual and friendly. You do get a buzzer when your order is ready, and it's picked up on the side window away from where you make your order. Beyond this, you don't really speak to the servers.Conclusion- Definitely a quiet, humble place, just a hop-skip-and-a-run across the street from UNLV. It seems to attract both student and staff, especially with the variety of options between beer and wi-fi and sriracha (still amazed to see this sauce there). It does lack some excitement and pizzazz, but I'm sure that comes in often enough from the front doors.
2	got the number 6. I was disappointed with the food. it was semi warm, it just wasnt flavorful.the hummus was decent tho.  I felt ripped off with the price, 10 bucks for this? NO THANKS. Not going back
4	You won't find good Middle Eastern restaurants in Vegas like this one. Tasty Falafel and good Tahini.
5	After being disappointed again and again by falafel joints, this place was a very welcome change.  The falafel was tasty and the best I've had in LV in well over a year.  In fact, I liked some of their other menu items even more than the falafel since I got the vegetarian combo.  The combo came with the spinach pie, hummus, falafel, grape leaves and tabbouleh.  That's a serious meal.  There's no joking around here!! :PThe spinach pie was the best thing on my plate.  The crisp and crunch of the phyllo dough combined with cheese and seasoned spinach was an unbelievable combo of flavors.  I would order a whole pan of this for takeout.  And how can you beat a free piece of baklava with a Yelp check in?  CAN'T!!
3	Stephano's is a hard place to find. It is a bit back from the road in a strip mall across from UNLV on Maryland Parkway. If you know where the Post Office is in the 4600 block of Maryland Parkway you are just a few feet away. Just look a bit to the left for the sign above the door. When you walk in you see the counter to order and pick up your food and a few dozen tables for seating. Their sign says that they have been open since 1998. I asked Stephano's son if they have been in the same location since 1998 and he informs me yes. They did expand in 2006 by renting out the space next to them though. I would not say there is much in the way of decor. There are just tables to sit at and not much more.For my first time there I decided to go with the Rib Eye Steak Shawerma Sandwich. This comes wrapped in a Pita with the steak, tomatoes, onions, and tahini sauce. The combo also included fries and a drink. I thought the steak was prepared very nicely. It was full of flavor, very tender and chewed well. I was very impressed with the pita that enclosed the sandwich. This is not like any pita I have ever had before. Most other pita I have had in the past has been mostly like other bread. This pita was dense, very flavorful and had a whitish tint to it. It also had a nice char on it from the grill. I have never had tahini sauce before. I found out that it is a paste made from sesame seeds. It is very smooth, but does not have a lot of flavor. The smoothness did add a pleasing texture to the sandwich as a whole. The fries were nice and crispy. They had a great flavor to them as well.
3	Not bad. But not a knock-out for me.No better or worse than most of the other kebab/schawarma joints in town.I had the "garlic chicken".When I lived in Los Angeles, I frequented a middle-eastern (Armenian really), garlic chicken place called Zankou chicken....it's the only thing I miss about Los Angeles....and I've been looking for a facsimile in Las Vegas for 4 years, but sadly it does not exist.I'll keep looking, but I'm not optimistic. If someone were to open a Zankou in Las Vegas, there would be lines around the block.If you don't know Zankou Chicken, go to Yelp Los Angeles and check it out....over-the-top reviews.
4	We come here once a week and get a variety of food. The atmosphere is nice and the place always seems really clean. I have gotten the chicken and the gyro's. The Israeli salad is really good. I'm not a big hummus fan but they always allow me to substitute a salad or their fries. Not expecting good fries from a Greek place but surprisingly so, their fries are awesome!!.Food='s goodService='s FriendlyEstablishment='s CleanPrice='s $5-15 per person
4	Decided to take my mom and sister here for a quick dinner before picking up somebody at the airport. According to all UNLV students, this place has the best fries in town and boy I think I have to agree with them though they were a little too generous with the seasoning. We tried the chicken gyro, falafel pita, and rib eye steak shawerma which were all delicious. I will definitely be back since the University is just across the street.
5	fresh home made food.very rich flavors.love it
5	I started eating this recently, wish I knew about it earlier. Being a student I am pressed for time and Stephano's is close and convenient.  Their prices are reasonable and being a student gets you a free drink. I love their spinach pie and their grape leaves. The decor of the restaurant is beautiful, I love the colors inside, very warm and welcoming. Stephano's would be a great place to go to at night for some drinks but I have yet to make that trip. Their service is great, Nick one of the employees and future owner I presume is great and always friendly. My first time he recommended some plates for me and rewarded my loyalty recently with some free rice pudding which was delicious.
5	I was running around town for about a month looking for some good beef shawarma (seems like many other places just have chicken). And I found some with beef but I was not impressed. This is the first place I've been to that I've actually came back to. Their beef shawarma reminds me of the ones my family used to get in Philippines (yeah, that's a little weird.. Philippines for shawarma?!). It's so good! Their fries are also delicious. They're light and fluffy on the inside and crispy and flaky on the outside. And whatever they use to season them just makes it more yummy.The cashier is also very nice. It's always the same guy every time I come in. Oh and it's such a plus that they have blue powerade for one of their fountain drinks, which surprisingly has more flavor than the ones you get at the stores.
4	It's about time I reviewed a place I have been eating at for over 4 years.  Good middle eastern food with UNLV specials, Stephano's gives that free drink with plates or sandwiches with a side dish.  They have a frequent diner card so the 10th trip is free.I am partial to the kofte sandwich lately, and I have always been a big fan of the lentil rice with caramelized onions as a side dish.  The falafel is decent when I really crave it, but I try to avoid majorly fried food if I can.  The plates are good to get if you are super hungry, because they include meat (gyro, chicken or beef) and onions, tomatoes, pita, tzatziki, and Israeli salad.Another big plate is the Vegetarian plate, and it comes with spanokopita, hummus, tabouli, dolmas, falafel....so it is quite huge.  The other thing I like is the tropical iced tea here.  Big screen TVs, huge couches, and yummy food make this place a convenient stop for lunch.
5	THIS PLACE 'GETS' IT! By that, I mean they know how to take care of customers. It is not fancy, and that's exactly what I wanted in the middle of a trip to Vegas book-ended by expensive, fancy on-the-strip meals. We randomly stumbled across this place while driving back to our hotel from drinks at Mandalay Bay. I love Greek food, and when I saw the sign, I knew that's what I wanted that night for dinner. Didn't know what I was getting in to, and it seems this place is in-tune with social media like Yelp and Groupon--smart of them!First of all, walked in 10 minutes before closing...My wife and I are not the type of people to push the envelope--I understand closing times and if the people working who had been on their feet all day didn't want to deal with me, I'd understand--there were a plethora of other restaurants in the area we could have gone to another place nearby. But the guy behind the counter warmly welcomed us.Had the gyro plate. A ton of food, all really good, especially the pitas. Hummus was creamy and good...Not the best I've ever had, but still--good! They weren't busy with it being so late, but the food came out in like 3 minutes...Did they know what I was going to order before even I did?While waiting for the food, we were making small-talk with the gentleman behind the counter, and I asked about the spinach pie (I was torn between that and the gyro). 5 minutes after the gyro platter came out, he showed up at our table with a half-order of spinach pie, on the house, just because he wanted us to try it. What the hell? That's service. (And he knew I was an out-of-towner, not like he was winning over a customer that can come by once a week).A few minutes past 9, as he was walking to the front door to lock it and turn off the 'open' sign, he explicitly mentioned to us, "I am closing up, but please take your time--no rush!" (Not sure if I've ever had that at a small, counter-service restaurant like this before). He even kept selling beers to another table past 9.I was impressed. Excellent, friendly service and pretty darn good food. I do come to Vegas 5-6 times a year for business, and will add this mom-and-pop to my repertoire of 'locals' places that I frequent. Finally, like the post below says, the icing on the cake--or shall I say 'icing on the baklava' was blue Powerade on tap. C'mon...You don't get that anywhere.We'll be back.
5	My co-workers and I were trying to figure out where to go for lunch. All of us were extremely hungry, and wanted some tasty food around the UNLV campus. One of my co-workers suggested Stephano's so I decided to go and try it out. Upon entering I saw it was pretty busy, so if you plan on getting lunch there around 11-12, be prepared for a line.For $10 I got half a chicken, rice, Israeli salad, hummus, and pita bread. All of it was so filling and so satisfying. The chicken had a ton of flavor and hints of lemon. The rice was my favorite part of the meal. It had a unique flavor to it and even though I was full, I couldn't stop eating. Be sure you check in if you have a yelp account! Upon check-in, you'll receive a free baklava with any purchase of $5 or more! Definitely worth it!
4	Food was great, especially the Gyro plate. Growing up Greek with an amazing Mother who can prepare authentic Greek food, this is one of the first Greek Restaurants in Vegas that I really like. Great customer service as well and I will definitely be back.
3	This is for 3.5 stars. I really wanted mediterranean food and since this is on the way home from work, I stopped here on friday night for takeout. I ordered the chicken schewarma pita sandwich and two pieces of falafel (@ 99 cents each). The guy at the counter was cordial but not enthusiastic, kinda felt like he was getting through the last part of the day. I waited for my food; it was a short wait. There were two other parties in the dining area, which was nice. From the outside, it looks really small, but on the inside, it's a square-shaped space, and nicely decorated. Located across from UNLV, in the largest strip mall, with various other restaurants such as the Lunchbox. Another customer for takeout was behind me. I noticed that for yelpers who check-in, you get a free piece of baklava. If you're a UNLV student, you get a free drink when you show your ID. I went home and couldn't wait to devour it. I let my husband have a bite of each (he's on a weight maintenance plan) and he liked it. He's never had this type of food. I did like the food- the pita was soft, the tahini sauce tasted good, but the chicken tasted like it was charred (think charcoal), and I couldn't shake it. I've been particularly sensitive lately to certain things, maybe it was an off day, I don't know. I really wanted to like this place. I thought it was me. And when I had the falafel, I also got the same charred taste, but I also noticed that it was slightly burned, too. My favorite place for mediterranean is all the way in Summerlin (Sultan's Grill), which is far away from our area, so I thought I'd try a convenient place. I would try this place again, maybe get a plate next time. Plus, my husband's never had mediterranean food so it be worth trying again.
4	Great gyros that just melt in your mouth. That statement alone should get you into Stephano's to try them out! The traditional lamb gyro was absolutely delicious, and I love that you can choose between white or wheat pita bread which is made fresh in-house. Highly recommend this dish. Also, their french fries were strangely very addicting with the perfect amount of spices. And that sauce that they serve on the side was finger-licking good. However, I felt that the chicken gyro pita was a little bit of a let down. The meat was super tender and so succulent and juicy, but I felt the pita sandwhich overall was a little bland and one note in flavor. Overall I would definitely recommend stopping in Stephano's for some great greek dishes and don't forget to check-in on yelp to claim a free dessert or side!
3	A great lunch spot if you make the short trip over from UNLV.  The food is good and is way better than Paymon's down the street.  The food is a bit pricey for what you get, but it's usually worth it (along with the debilitating stomach cramps which generally follow a meal here).  Just get a gyro, and you'll be happy.
5	I don't care what anyone says, but this place is DAMN GOOD!  One thing that I liked was that all you yelpers who check in at places, you get a free side dish!!  This place was flavorful, everything was fresh, price was decent, lots of seating area, the only down side...it's 20 minutes away from where I live!  I love their chicken!  It has the grilled taste/flavor that you need in chicken at places like these.  Their beef/lamb schwerma was super good!  It's actually legit and sliced off piece by piece from a large piece of meat!  Unlike some other places who use prepacked meat (cough I won't mention who).  Honestly, if you're gonna open a greek restaurant and want people to enjoy their food, don't get that nasty prepacked stuff they use at fairs...Just my two cents.  Their side dishes were also very good!  I got a vegetable salad as a side to accompany my combo plate of chicken, beef/lamb, I was satisfied!  It was so good that I couldn't finish it and wanted to save it for dinner so I can enjoy it again! haha.  Also, if you have room for more food, grab a baklava for dessert at this place!  Great flavors and texture!  you won't be disappointed....unless you get a allergic reaction to honey ;-)  I'd recommend this place to anyone craving great Greek food!
5	This is seriously the best place to get my Greek/Mediterranean fix in Vegas.  I always get the rib eye skewers and the grilled shrimp, but everything is very solid, you can't go wrong.  The owner Nick and the rest of the staff are very hospitable and friendly.  Special hint for you foodies, try the Moussaka, so so good!!
5	Falafelickin' good! I wish I live/work closer to this place; I'd end up here almost everyday like I do at Yassou. Like my lunch buddy Arvin T. who is obsessed with Vietnamese food, I am obsessed with middle eastern mediterranean food. At one point in my life I ate gyros salads five days a week (Daphne Camarillo days).Stephano is a good choice for the browns, yellows, puerto ricans and even haitians. Even the people from zulu nations would like it. A meat lover like me relish at the ribeye wrap or the half chicken plate. Where as my wife on the Insanity diet prefers the falafel plate.  When I retire, I think I'll go into the Greek/Medi cooking business since I promote them so much.
5	This place was a great find! Thanks yelp!! I wouldn't have found it with out the deal, but didn't really need a deal anyways. Everything was very reasonably priced. He was also really helpful in helping me figure out what on the menu was Vegan. It was apparently only the falafel but it was still absolutely delicious! The hummus and pita bread that it came with were also equally as good!
5	gotta say , the food was good and it came out really fast for not being a fine dining restaurant neither a fast food chain it has the best of both , congrats to Stephano for being the best it can be in your weight division .
4	Stephanos's has been a staple of the UNLV dining scene for years. Located right across the street, from the Student Union, Stephano's offers some great and authentic Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food for students craving more than just generic burgers and sandwiches.Stephano's is a great place to be adventurous in your selections if you are familiar with Mediterranean dishes, but if your new to the scene, you can't go wrong with the Beef & Lamb Gyros, or the Garlic Chicken sandwich. However, a MUST try are the fries and the baklava. I don't know what they do, but have some of the best fries in the city. Super crispy along with a tasty fry sauce make it a must-have when stop by here. The baklava is incredibly flakey with subtle hints of honey and nuts.The restaurant itself is pretty standard. Coming in you see a variety of chairs and tables, and you walk up to the front counter where you place an order. It's a cross of a restaurant (the food is usually brought to you and it takes a while to make it fresh) and fast food (you order off a menu board, pay right away, and get your own drinks), Tucked away in the corner is a lounge/couch area where they used to serve hookah and drink. They got rid of hookah, but the area is still open to those who wish to lounge around.I consider the prices to be a big high for the UNLV/Student budget. At about $10 for a combo meal, its definitely approaching sit-down restaurant food prices. But I think its definitely worth at-least a try, especially if you are looking for real Mediterranean fare.
5	The food in this place is amazing the Israeli salad is crazy good and they have a collection of some of the best beers in the world. Please do yourselves a favor and pair up some beer and food. It makes it a who new experience.
3	I'm disappointed to only rate Stephano's as three star. This place used to be a rave review for me, but it's gone downhill lately.They still throw their fresh, tender pitas on the grill, imparting a smoky char that adds depth to the flavor of sandwiches.But there's less in the sandwiches than there used to be, and prices don't nearly justify the amount of food you get. Four slices of gyros meat on that sandwich. Three falafel balls on a pita for almost seven dollars? There are times when I can eat three Stephano's sandwiches and not be full.Their fries seem like a poor imitation of the famed Athens Fries served up the street at Paymon's. The tabbouleh is OK, maybe a little salty. Grape leaves are textbook. The hummus is simple and adequate but nothing special.Oh, and they have a tendency to forget items. Check your inventory.They do have a notable selection of bottle beers and teas. There's also a Foursquare check-in deal for a free baklava with $5 purchase.This place is OK but it's not what it used to be. Sad face.
5	Best Mediterranean food I've ever had. Seriously the best! I can come here any day, everyday! The atmosphere is amazing, the food is perfect and very authentic. The staff is always super friendly and they never have a problem answering questions about the food. I've actually met Stephano a few times as well and he's a very nice man.My favorite thing I get is the chicken shawerma, with of course the French fries. Probably the best French fries I've ever had. I'm from Fresno, Ca but I visit family in Vegas every month, so every time I'm here I never forget stop by Stephanos.Beside the amazing fries, the shawerma is perfect, I love the gyro as well, and you can never go wrong with the garlic chicken press sandwiches! Also, the last two times I went, I got the pasticcio and I fell in love with it. I'm gonna have a hard time deciding between the shawerma and pasticcio next time!!
5	Amazing!!! A must eat for anyone visiting Sin City! I had my 1st Gyro here 3 years ago and since then have been so annoyed by lack of quality in the Bay Area! Came back this week after searching google maps to find my Cinderella and WOW!!! I will forever visit this place every time I am in Vegas! Try the Steak and Lamb! My wife also went 1st time today and loves it as much as I do( after turning down my hunt for it 6 months ago)*Perfect grill flavor*Right amount of sauce*Crispy Onions*Warm slightly toasted Pita breadOhhh ps I don't like Mediterranean food, maybe because no one cooks it correctly. Except these guys!!!
3	Greek food always seems a bit pricey to me, but this place in particular stands out for its lack of bargains.  The food is the same as anywhere else, but I get irritated when there's not a good cheap option, or when you pay full price and leave a bit hungry.  Just meh.
5	Amazing food.  I could eat here every day.  Delicious flavors.  Big portions.  Highly recommended.  Love the chicken bowl with pita and special yogurt sauce.
4	Another find thanks to my trusty Yelp friends.  Apparently this place has been open since 1998, and I have driven passed it going to work for the last 7 years and went to UNLV and didn't know about it either, well better late than never. I had the shrimp kebab for $12.95 that included two skewers of marinated shrimp, served with rice and one of the best hummus' I've had along with a refreshing Israeli salad that I could eat for a meal itself. They have a pretty large menu of all your Greek favorites. Also they have party platters and they cater, and the best part is they deliver to my work! Sorry I'm just being selfish :) Oh and try the baklava!
5	Amazing food and very nice people. I go to UNLV so it's very refreshing to have such a good restaurant so close to campus.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas...period!  The gyro rice bowl is out of this world with the rice, Israeli salad, gyro meat & tasty tzaziki sauce! I've had Mediterranean food many times before, but all that I have tried at Stephano's has been delicious. And for the price...you can't beat it! They even have a groupon sometimes so make sure to check in on Yelp for deals & with groupon!Yummy!!
5	My fave Mediterranean go to in Vegas. Of all the times I have been I have never had a bad experience. I have brought many friends and family and they have all fallen in love with the place too. One of my favorite things about Stephano's is that whether you are Vegan or crave meat, there is something for everyone...including my two year old. The atmosphere is very relaxed they have a great selection of beer and alcohol and it's in a great location.Some of my favorites that I order are the lo-carb plate with gyro meat (gyro meat, lettuce, tomatoes tzatziki) and the gyro sandwich combo. Make sure you Yelp when you get there, try their yummy baklava (one of the best!!!)
4	Definitely going back. Want to try it for dinner with cocktails ;). Took my Indian friend there and was a little worried. He likes food spicy. But he loved it! Ate my hummus too. The food was very flavorful and the portions were generous.I had the Souvlaki and my friend had the Beef & Lamb Gyro. Prices were good. I do want to go back and try the Moussaka and Baklava.
5	I ate there for the first time today and had the beef/lamb gyro with fries.  It was wonderful, just like I remembered from back in New York.  The meat was fresh and the sauce was fresh and very good.  I enjoyed the french fries, but was too full to eat them, I'll heat them up at home and eat them. Glad I stumbled across this place.  I will definitely return.
4	What I did:Went in, Checked in with Yelp, Got a free side by checking in with the app, ordered a combo plate, and a baklava. Ate. Ordered two BaklavasWhat I should have done:Sat in my car, Bought the yelp deal 15 for 20, Went in, ordered a combo plate, not used the free side, stack on baklavas till it totalled to 20 dollars. Drove off with a satisified belly and a bag full of sweet sweet baklava Man oh man if i had employment near the strip i'd totally eat at Stephano's a lot more often. I've been meaning to hit up Stephano's after trolling their booth at the 89XXX elite event what...two years ago? Yeah two years ago, it's been a while with Operation Enduring Freedom and all i just never had a chance to go.Whoa the food is good. The Gyro is a lamb and beef blend. Would have loved for it to just be lamb but they do it right. They slice the gyro meat from the huge rotating hunk of gyro meat then they grill it some more to char the sides just to give it a fresher taste. Bravo guys and gals at Stephano's BRAVO!!Their options of condiments is just Aladeen...Sriracha AND Tapatio?!? If gas prices were cheaper I would GLADLY make the trek toward the UNLV campus just to grab me a Gyro.
4	How did I go to school at UNLV and never come here for lunch? It is still a surprise to me since I love Mediterranean food. I was stuck in my ways and went to the lounge down the street and completely overlooked this little shop. The important thing is that I have been guided towards this delicious find now. Meeting a friend here for dinner before the AFAN Black & White Ball was an excellent decision. Even though food was a part of the event, I saw very little of it. Filling up on gyros, Israeli salad, and babaganoush was a smart move. I never got to try the baklava when they participated in a past Yelp event. With everyone speaking so highly I was almost ready to try one until I stuffed myself. I passed during dinner. Then Tien came to the event with a tray of the good stuff and my willpower went out the window. Sometimes it pays to have foodie friends. They will never lead you astray and make sure you are full.
5	Fantastic gyro, really great food here.
4	Harder than hell to get into (no U-turn on University, no lefts from either direction on Maryland), but worth the trouble. I was on the prowl for dolmas and found some terrific, homemade yumminess here. Will be back to try more!TIP: They offer student discounts. This is much more healthy fare than the junk food surrounding the college.
4	Dolmahs, magic words, "My grandmother makes them." Oooooh yeah...
5	I love this place so hard!!All of their food is freaking awesome! I could eat pounds of their Israeli Salad!
5	Best gyro I've ever had! I highly recommend getting the feta cheese added. Great atmosphere, comfortable seating, and ultra-friendly staff. When they get busy it might take a little while for you to get your order, but you will not be disappointed. I come here on average once a week and it's the best $10 I can spend for lunch.
4	Fabulous food. We spent $50+ on lunch just so we could try lots of things...and they were ALL delicious! Highly recommend!
5	Whole wheat pita bread! Amazing. Will come again when I'm in Vegas. Not pricey and quick service. A lot of seating probably because it's near the university so they must get a lot of students!
5	Great Food, love the authentic variety of Greek and Mediterranean cuisine.
4	Always a huge fan of Stephano's Greek restaurant across from UNLV. They have been here quite awhile. And, while a little pricey, their food is always solid. Personally I am a huge fan of their gyro specials and the fries come seasoned just right. I haven't really tried to much else on their menu with the exception of the baklava which is pretty good as well. I have heard good things about the evenings their as they serve hookah and the place turns into some hookah lounge kind of thing. Can't really say much about this place outside of lunch time. Overall though, a great place.
5	We were at a nearby bank and starving for lunch. Yelp search turned this place up, so we walked over. I had the #6 (chicken shawerma) and my wife had #10 (chicken kebab). We got the free baklava with our yelp check in. HOLY CRAP this was the best Greek food we've had. I also had an Innis &Gunn beer. The garlic sauce that came with the food was perfect with the hummus. Great food, great service. This place is one of those places you MUST try!!
5	The food was delicious! The service was awesome! Highly highly recommend! Thank you very much and we (all 19 of us) will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
5	I absolutely love this place!!!! Ask for some of the special garlic sauce... If only they could ship me some to SF!
5	back in the golden days of when it was called "the daily chicken" arises a new place of franken lamb/beef meat called STEPHANO"S! their food is still good and i still see the old dude still working there. im sure hes the owner. either that, he really likes their hummus enough to work there for over 10 years. all of their dishes are really good. i usually get the lamb/beef plates. their tablouleh is pretty good too. yay for shiracha. ive had better hummus. never tried their hooka though.
5	The best gyro sandwich I have ever had!  Every time I come down to Vegas, I always make it a point to stop by Stephano's for a gyro.  Try their gyro pizza also.  Amazziiinnnggg!! If you haven't stopped by already, you are missing out.
5	Overall: Amazing!!! A must eat for anyone visiting Sin City! I had my 1st Gyro here early 2009 and since then can't find a Gyro anywhere close to 1/2 as good.  Came back this week after searching google maps to find my Cinderella and WOW!!! I will forever visit this place every time I am in Vegas! My wife also went 1st time today and loves it as much as I do( after turning down my hunt for it 6 months ago)Plates: Steak and Lamb! *Perfect grill flavor*Right amount of sauce*Crispy Onions*Warm slightly toasted Pita breadRecommend: Yes, Highly recommend to anyone that has the time to visit. And I'm not a fan of Greek food.
5	i tried the garlic chicken sandwich, lentil rice, and small humus plate. The flavors were fantastic! The garlic was not over powering, nice smokey flavor in the humus, which I found went so well with the sandwich. It came with fries, which were nice and crunchy with a nice tomato aioli to dip in. The rice had a good flavor, not yo heavy and very satisfying.  I ended it with a piece of baklava, which I must say highlighted the entire meal. The baklava was sweet, buttery, flaky, and had such a great texture to bite into.  I left full and happy.
5	Highly recommend garlic chick sandwich, lentil rice, fries, hummus & baklava! As you can see in this picture nothing left. It was gone in 60 seconds! Been here a few times, and never let's me down.
5	Great gyros at a great price. Ask for the garlic sauce, you'll be happy you did. Oh, and don't forget to pick up some baklava.
5	Delicious Food, had the steak kabob and it was fantastic... i could have ate the rice alone it was also super delicious! Def going back!
4	Visiting friends from out of state, this was worth it! So yummy!!!!
3	I recommend the garlic chicken sandwich.
4	Love this place. Great food, great fries, great fry sauce.
5	Had the Gyro and it was great. I get cravings all the time now for it, and other places really fall short. The only thing I would change in my order is to NOT get the plate unless you're really hungry. The Gyro alone is big enough. They wrap it in 2 pitas. It's huge and will save you some money. Don't forget to check in and get a piece of baklava free. Great meal and I wish they were closer to east henderson.If you do get the plate, it literally can feed 2 people easily.Interesting decor. most of it is what you expect....tables and chairs but in the back is a very lush pillowed getaway if you're in the mood to lounge.
5	Amazing food! Even gave me a free drink while I waited! Ill be back every time I visit Vegas.
1	Probably one of the worst Greek/ Mediterranean places I've been to. Very few places out here really know how to make authentic Greek/ Mediterranean food. The first time I went here I got severe food poisoning from the chicken schwarma plate, most likely due to the meat under proper temperature and the food overall was very bland and non-appetizing. It's been months since that visit and I finally went here today to give it another shot. BIG MISTAKE! I ordered an order of hummus, falafel, and a chicken schwarma. First off, the chicken schwarma was horrible. It was like taking chicken from Taco Bell, add some shriveled tomatoes and some tahini on artificial pita bread, and you've got yourself the ideal American version of this traditional wrap. They don't even know how to make a schwarma!!! The falafel was so salty and grainy...and if you've had great falafel before, you would know that Stephano's version is just crap. The hummus had NO FLAVOR whatsoever. When hummus is made, the garbanzo beans and tahini bring out such a robust flavor all on its own when made the traditional and proper way. Everything I've tried thus far is just soooo overly processed. Eating at Stephano's is like eating at the McDonald's of the Greek and Mediterranean food genre. I will never go back again. As a matter a fact, go right around the corner to kabob express on eastern and trop. Now that place is a lot more decent, freshly-made food that won't put a hole in your wallet. I swear coming from back east and Europe, people don't really know what good food is around here. Best Lebanese place I've tried thus far here in this town? Ali Baba's. hands down. * yells at Vegas. " go there! Go there!"* you will not be disappointed!! :)
4	I love Greek food, so I always try to go when I'm in a larger city. Great beer selection as well. The staff is very friendly.
3	Baklava and fries notable.  I wasn't a huge fan of the hummus.  I would stop by again if in that part of town. If you are in Henderson you gotta hit up the Great Greek.
5	The beef & lamb gyro is the bomb dot com.  If that's all you order here, I promise you'll be happy.  The meat is deliciously charred, there's just the right amount of ingredients, and the sauce is flavorful without being overpowering.  Also, the gyro is the perfect size; you're not ridiculously hating-your-life-full afterwards.The fries are yummy, nothing too spectacular, but yummy nonetheless.  And they have a delicious thousand island colored dipping sauce that's a must!I checked in on Yelp and got my free baklava.  It was super delicious and again the perfect portion for me.  Plus, everything is reasonably priced.  The gyro, fries, and drink combo only set me back $10.
5	Love there Gyro Lamb & beef plates! Oh and the Baklava is sooooo good!
5	Outstanding meal.  Ordered beef & lamb gyro plate with a side of falafel.  Falafel were crispy and tasty.  Gyro plate came with hummus.  Large portion will fill you up.  Everything was fresh and perfectly balanced.
2	I decided to try this place based on recommendations from Yelp. I wanna start off by saying that the food is good, I won't argue with that but you know what there are plenty of other places in Vegas who serves good Greek food as well as good customer service. I wanted to try the Moussaka based on the recommendation from another Yelper, they told me they were out something about the oven out of order. Then I checked in on Yelp and the offer is free baklava. They were out of baklava too. I decided to order the Shrimp Kabab. 35 minutes later we were still waiting for our food. There were only 4 table occupied in the whole place. My husband finally checked on them and he was told that they are now making it because they ran out of rice. The food finally came out a minute later.They have good food but that was a disappointing experience.
4	Yummy!!!!!!!
1	I ordered the gyro combo. The guy behind the counter was rude with no personality whatsoever. It came out to $9.99. The gyro was burnt, dry, and chewy almost like a beef jerky! How do you mess up a gyro?  I only took a couple of bites and I had enough! I only ate the fries which was the only good thing. I don't even want to give it one star because it was the worst gyro I've ever had. Yuck!
4	Mediterranean food never goes wrong. I came during lunch time after dropping off a package at the post office nearby, which was crowded and full of customers in the dining room but luckily there wasn't a line. I ordered the Chicken Schwerma Pita Wrap (Wheat) combo, which came with fries and I opted for the Tropical Iced Tea they had on hand. The dipping sauce for the fries/pita wrap was delicious, although there was already enough flavors in the wrap for me to not dip/drizzle in the goodness.
3	Good food and quantity for the money, the falafel and Lebni are absolutely recommended. The customer service left me a bit annoyed however.... the guy taking our order kept misunderstanding what we were saying and then getting really mouthy about it before we could clear the misunderstanding. Happened twice during our order... then our buddy got his food in a couple minutes and me and my wife waited for almost a half hour for ours to come out. I actually had to go searching for someone, when I walked up to the kitchen, there was no one there... pretty sure a smoke break was taken in the middle of our food being made. Not ok. When they realized it they had to ask us what we had ordered and then he gave us an extra baklava for the trouble. Not really sure I'd want to go back with places like Kabob Grill around... WAY better customer service for about the same quality Med food.
5	Found this place via yelp while driving around town hungry one night, so glad we found it!If we weren't so hangry, we would have gotten the jokes from the guy behind the counter much quicker! Friendly and helpful staff.Ordered the feta fries, hummus, chicken shawarma and lamb/beef gyro.  Food was up very quickly, and was awesome.  These guys definitely know what they're doing! We'll def be back
3	Food was just ok for me. I had the spinach pie plate. The spinach pie was a little hard to eat. The outside was super flaky and crispy and the inside was really mushy and burnt looking. I couldn't cut it without making a mess everywhere. My boyfriend had their chicken gyro and his chicken was all burnt. He had to take off all the burned parts before eating it. Overall, I enjoyed their israeli salad and fries. If you want real good greek food, Yassou is the best
5	A last minute bite before we returned our rental car at the airport. Gyros and paninis very good, the feta cheese and olives came with a side of pita which was a looooot of food in the end. Israeli salad was pretty good, similar to what I had in Israel but smaller portions. Nice little find! Thanks to Yelp for hooking us up with the free baklava deal too :)
5	the most flavorful  food I've had since greece!!! pork shwarma was outstanding (and unusual in  Greek food) as was all four dishes at our table: and we had some picky people .the beef shwarma was tangy, lean, and outstanding spanakopita was light and flaky filet mignon cooked to perfection. we were visiting from San Diego along with my nephew from philly, and a cousin from jersey. my favorite meal in Vegas these guys would have a line out the door if they were nearer to the strip and ran some tourist ads
4	Gyro bowl with choice of white or wheat pita bread and free drink for students at $10. Decent amount of food. Pita bread comes out wrapped in foil to keep warm. Rest of food comes in an aluminum pan (if in cases you want to take leftovers, can get lid from them). Decent amount of rice and meat. Rice is so yummy imo. Wish they gave more than one container of the tzatziki sauce though :3 (maybe can ask but i never did ... ) so yummy with the rice and/or meat. Clean. Doesn't smell like hookah (avail at nights i believe?) = well ventilated. Free WiFi avail Not Busy every time ive been here. Aside from my own party, maybe on average 1-3 other parties there at the same time. Lots of tables. Spacious.Close by to UNLV for students. Never came here aside from lunch time so not sure how it is at any other time.
5	One of my favs!  Found this place through groupon and have been going ever since.  Everything I have tried is super yummy!  In fact, we love this place so much, we have used them for catering for the past 4 years for our annual Halloween party.  Our guests always rave about the food and selection and I don't have to cook!  It's a win-win.  Their gyro and shawerma bowls are awesom and they have the best rice.  I normally won't eat rice when eating out but I love theirs.  The selection is great and they have something for everyone, including my vegan friends.  Staff is always nice and the place is always clean.
1	Awful!!!  Ordered the chicken Shawarma Gyro and hated it!  It tasted very fishy.  Don't know why but with every bite it got worse.  The gyro was also missing yummy Tzatziki sauce.  Maybe they make theirs differently but trust me it needed it.  Mine came with a tiny bit of some brown stuff, and no it wasn't hummus.  That was another thing, their hummus was um, okay nothing spectacular.  The only thing I enjoyed was their service and fries.Not planning on returning.
1	This place is mediocre at best!   I deliberately and extensively researched for affordable, quality Greek food in the Las Vegas area, and I was led to believe (by reading yelp!) that Stephano's would be worth trying *** n o t ! ***  When i arrived at lunchtime, there were only two other customers in this place, which is across from the UNLV student center.  THAT should have been a warning!  I ordered my favorite dishes to go:  spanakopita (spinach pie) and hummus.  When I eagerly took the takeout bag to my car, the smell of the food teased me too much, so I gave in to my temptation to sample the food before leaving the parking lot.  I'm so glad I did, because the spanakopita (hailed as their "signature" dish) tasted awful.  it seemed as though it had been baked, then sat out for a day or so, then deed-fried, then microwaved before serving it to me. In short, what they served me was more like a Greek hockey puck than a delicious, crispy, buttery delight.   Even worse, when I returned to the store to demand a refund, the cashier laughed and told me he didn't know how to process a refund! (huh??).  He insisted I wait for the manager to return (from where, i have no idea).  Like a fool, i did wait, and wait, and wait...until I spotted a tip jar on the counter and told the cashier to just give me a cash refund from the jar, so I could be on my way.Bottom line...there wasn't one person in this place who seemed to know what they were doing or seemed to care about what they were doing....and they even admitted that they don't even eat the food served there!  What's that all about??  Too bad I can't reduce it's yelp score to zero!
3	Stopped in for a quick bite. Ordered a Gyro Pita on wheat pita. Everyone was very friendly. Gyro was pretty good tasting and decent sized. I ordered it without onions, but when I opened it up... It was loaded with onions. Boo! I picked them off and it was still pretty good. I don't necessarily mind the taste of onions (I cook with them, finely chopped) but these were large pieces.I would come here again. Price for one Gyro is $7.30
5	Falafel was outstanding. Whatever you order (I love the kababs), order some on the side. The tahini will even come in handy with the chicken.Hummus is good - but not amazing. Needs to be a tad more creamy. That's my only teenie complaint.My only real issue: the table buzzer scares the crap out of me every time it goes off!Enjoy...
5	I am so happy with the food and service I recently received from Stephano's grill. I was in Las Vegas last weekend for a bachelorette party and was looking for a good catering option that would deliver to the strip. Stephano's came through! I set up a meal delivery for 12 hungry girls at the Signature at MGM and they were awesome! We got the lamb/beef meat which was AMAZING as well as Hummus, salad and rice. The portions were extremely generous and they threw in a TON of extra pita! We had leftovers the entire weekend. Everyone I talked to over there was very helpful and the customer service was excellent. They delivered the food as promised, on time and threw in extra Pita bread and all of the utensils and plates. I would highly suggest them for your catering needs in Las Vegas!
5	Gyro was awesome. I really loved the cucumber salad that came with the plate. Hummus was mediocre.
2	I love greek food and took my mom and aunt there, my mom has never had greek food. Decided on this place, because my favorite place (Ambrosia) closed and all the good reviews.Food was Ok. We had the dolmas (good) falafel (good) gyro (meh) and a combo with chicken (very dry) and Kofta (burned, dry and tasteless). The Israeli salad on the combo was very good.When we got our drinks, we noticed a slimy liquid at the bottom (overflow) of the soda machine. We hoped the top of the machine where the soda comes out was better.It was not awful but there are a lot more places to choose from.I will not go back.
3	1 star for having tri-tip and filet mignon shawarma. (I had the tri-tip...yum!)1 star for some legit tzatziki sauce. (I don't usually eat dairy...but I'd make an exception for this any day of the week.)1 star for free baklava upon check-in.  (Not my thing, but the b/f really liked it, and I liked the free factor.)No stars for the falafel - regardless of other reviews you might read.  They were just okay.No stars for the chicken shawarma...very dry chicken, as if it had been made hours before and was left sitting out, waiting to be served.No stars for the hummus...very bland.My advice?  Get the tri-tip, skip the chicken, and try something you've never had before.
5	Great food great hummus..the sauce they give you for the fries is awesome. Gyros are really good! Gyro Portion size kinda small for the price. Free baklava w/ yelp checkin and is really good.you can get a tray for 10 bucks for 12 pieces to go and I recommend!! The whole menu looks good and I would definately go again..staff was very friendly.
5	The gyros here are great.  Nice place to stop by if you're near UNLV.
4	Came in during the week for dinner. Parking was abundant in the large strip center which was hassle free. Stephano's has another location in Henderson but this was my first experience at either location.I placed my order at the counter for the beef and lamb gyro combo and utilized my yelp check in for the complimentary baklava. The young gal behind the counter was friendly and my food was ready within a few minutes for pick up. Overall the hummus, wheat pita, thick sliced gyro & salad were plentiful and yummy.   Overall, a good experience at reasonable prices. I'll return here again when I have a craving for Greek food.
5	Super friendly staff & nice atmosphere. I usually order the 1/4 grilled chicken plate and OMG when I first tried it, I could not understand why I haven't been going here more often. That rice that comes with the platter is really some amazing shit. I also love the fact that if you show your rebel card, the drink is free! & for quantity & quality of the food, the price is worth it. Make sure they don't forget to include the garlic sauce with your order too :)
3	The staff was extremely nice and helpful. The food I thought was just average. If i'm in the area and need a quick Greek food fix, but I wouldn't drive across town just to come back.
4	Delicious.  I love lamb gyros
4	This place looks like you would have waiter service but there isn't. Ordering is done at a front counter and a buzzer/timer is given to you. After sitting down a few minutes then buzzer goes off and the food was at the pick up window. PROS:  Gyros              Feta Fries              Israeli salad               Sauce for fries              CONS:  Hummus (needed more seasoning or something)I would go back again for a gyro.  Next time I will order regular fries instead of the feta, the cheese didn't stick to the fries so it was hard to eat at the same time.
4	It's located right across from UNLV on Maryland Pkwy which makes it a prime spot to go to if you go to UNLV and are sick of the food choices at UNLV. They have some good deals for students! Gyro bowl with white or wheat pita and a drink or even the typical gyro wrapped in pita with fries and a drink both just for $10 for students! They have great fries!! (I love good fries)The serving size is decent and I usually take about half of it to-go because I can never finish it. So it's almost like two meals for $10 which is a good deal for us students!I haven't had anything bad so far, even the baklava was delicious! It was a check-in deal either on 4square or yelp (I don't remember) but I wanted to try it and now almost always get one when I order with them! They have a good seating area and the back has pretty comfy seats as opposed to the regular dining area with normal chairs. Free WiFi is always a plus!It's not usually busy, but when they do get busy, the food comes out just as fast!Always a good place for something quick and cheap if you're a student. I come here generally twice a month.
4	I am a huge Greek/Mediterranean food lover so I had high expectations for this place after going to Market Grille Cafe for so long.Walking in, I noticed immediately that the seating area was much bigger than I anticipated. Whether or not they get that busy I'm not sure, as I went around 2pm and there were only two other gentlemen eating there. Of course they play your traditional Mediterranean music which pairs well with the decor.I placed an order ahead of time and initially planned on taking it back to work but decided to eat there instead. The man running the customer facing counter was pretty friendly and welcoming. To the left of the register I noticed a tall wall sectioned into different "levels" of beers; all assorted based on quality and price. I saw they had Innus and Gunn which had me perk up instantly since you'll typically find this at a liquor store only. I ordered one along with my meal but ended up disappointed as they had it displayed on the wrong shelf, expecting it to be $3.50 when in reality cost close to $5.00. When I asked about the price he replied, "Oops, someone must have put it on the wrong shelf. Do you still want it?" I was hoping he would have made some sort of effort to adjust the price this one time but no such luck. I went with a Blue Moon instead. This was my only negative experience since I work retail and whenever I encounter this issue I try to take care of the customer within reason.I ordered a lamb Gyro wrap. When I called in and asked about the portion compared to a full Gyro, they said it's smaller compared to a typical Gyro but can still fill you. They were right about one thing, it definitely was filling. If this was "small" compared to their typical Gyro then you had better bring an appetite for a Gyro. This wrap was definitely a good size and the price was definitely generous for the amount. The meat was very tender and the hummus tasted very "authentic", unlike some cheap hummus you'd buy from a store. They also throw some pita bread and hummus as a side at no charge and free baklava, which was also very good, if you check in on Yelp.I only give 5 stars to places that absolutely blow my mind. My experience was very desirable here and earned a solid 4 stars and to be honest if this were closer to home, for the price, portions and quality I'd definitely eat here over Market Grille Cafe. If you like Greek food you won't be disappointed.
4	This mainstay, 15 years, on Maryland Parkway, is very casual as befits an establishment catering to a college crowd though none were in attendance this evening.  We each ordered the lamb and beef gyro platter at the counter.  Our plates included an abundance of gyro meat, (2) enormous whole wheat pitas, hummus, an Israeli salad and tzatziki sauce.   Also available was a tray of pickled carrots. All the food was fresh tasting and very filling.A rating of 3.5 would be more accurate.
5	This is the best Greek restaurant in town!I have been ordering the #5 lamb and beef gyro plate since 2003. It comes with mounds of succulent gyro meat, an Israeli salad, pita bread, and hummus. all for about 11$. Also, Bacchus would be envious of the beer selection! There are over thirty beers including many Greek ones. You can also order ouzo to drink with your Greek beer. I had a crisp Hillas for 3$ which is reasonably priced for an import. Don't forget to check into yelp for a free baklava!
5	I was introduced to Greek food last year by my bf. He took me here :) great choice. I used to not like hummus and I really didn't try many foods if I hadn't eaten them before. I was super picky but I wanna say it was great places like this that made me brave enough to give other foods a try :)Stephanos is absolutely the best Greek food restaurant in town. It has a lot of dishes to choose from and if you check in you get free dessert :)
4	The lamb and beef plate was delicioso. Took a friend and enjoyed the experience. Will go again. Thumbs up
3	I feel kind of bad for giving Stephano's 3 stars considering they have such a good reputation around town. I wanted to try them out for awhile (5 years to be exact) since I had heard such good things and finally did and unfortunately can see why I didn't rush eating here. I originally planned on ordering a falafel, but I wanted something that was a bit more filling and I didn't think a vegetarian option would do the trick so I ordered the gyro fries. I was expecting a bit more, but all I got fries with the meat on top and the sauce on the side... Really? I was expecting tomato and lettuce, kind of like how carne asada fries are made. Good thing I ordered it to go because I came home and definitely shredded some lettuce and chopped some tomatoes and it sure did make it 10 x better. The free baklava with Yelp check-in is delicious and I ate it even before my order was ready. Flaky and sweet, just how I like it which is probably the best baklava I've ever had.  The meat and sauce was good, but next time I'll probably just get the gyro and I'm sure I will be pleased. Although this is a fast food type of place, the inside is pretty classy and is decorated like a sit down restaurant.
4	Excellent Greek food served in nice, large portions. Stephano's is located right across from the university, making it a great lunch spot - especially if you're looking for something more local and authentic than the usual chain fast food. I usually get the Chicken Kebabs and have never had any complaints.
5	The food here is the BOMB!!! Never in my life have I had such GOOD lamb and beef!!! They are a little on the pricier side but you get a LOT of food for the price so it isn't bad. My roommate and I usually split one of the plates (about $16) for dinner and it's just the right amount of food!The staff is friendly and the restaurant/bathrooms are super clean. The hummus is awesome! I always do a combo plate with the lamb and beef and OH MAN it never disappoints. So delicious!! Always fresh.I try to eat here at least once a week. Great place.
3	I bookmarked this place a couple of weeks ago when the other location was featured as a ROTD- this location was by an upcoming work training, so I penciled it into my schedule and grabbed lunch here today.Prior to going, I read the reviews and perused the online menu, ultimately deciding on the chicken shwarma plate- I'm a huge fan of the dish and it seems like few places get it right. When I heard another review mention the garlic sauce this one is served with, I thought for sure I'd found a new favorite place worth the drive. And the rather-high $12 price.When I arrived today, I was distinctly underwhelmed.Location was hard to find from the street- drove past it twice because the Stephano's part of the roadside sign does not stand out, and it is partnered with the word GYROS rather than the actual name of the restaurant itself.But when I got in, I was the only one there, and the guy who took my order looked like he'd rather be anywhere else but in that restaurant. Order was taken with about 5ive total words spoken total. Order was out quick. Food was lukewarm, but plentiful. I still had hope.Dug into the chicken and the quality was good, but the sauce I had so been looking forward to was a little runny and chalky- not at all what I wanted. Garlic flavor was very light, and the sauce seemed more like a tzatziki than anything else.  The salad was good, the hummus was okay and portions of everything were plentiful, which justified the $12 price. Pita was soft and warm, too, but a bit flavorless. But the chicken shwarma dish is just not what I'd hoped it would be.
5	I have been to both locations and received great food at both. The chicken kabobs had great flavor and texture. If you want some extra protein, opt for the low carb and get double the kabobs. The Gyro was very tasty, but could have used a little more meat. The israeli salad is excellent.
5	This place is where it's at for some quick and delicious Mediterranean food. Staff is really friendly and they have a variety of authentic choices on the menu. I stop in at least once a week to have some of the beef and lamb gyro.
4	The guy who took my order was really friendly and I told him it was my first time eating here. He recommended the Chicken Gyro Shawarma, among other things. I decided to get that as a combo which came with fries and a drink for a total of about $10.Kind of pricey in my opinion. I probably should have just stuck with the sandwich alone. After I ordered, I checked in and received my free baklava, a Mediterranean pastry. The food came out quickly after.The gyro was great and I loved the sauce that came with it. Their fries also tasted fresh and were seasoned very well. The only thing is, I wish the portions were a bit bigger for a $10 combo. It was filling enough, but I'm not sure if it was completely worth it. I will say I loved the taste of the chicken. It has a good smokey flavor and you can see that they make it fresh when you're ordering.Overall, this place has my thumbs up. They make me want to  try other Greek joints and see if they can compare to Stephano's. I give this place a solid 4 stars, and I would bump it to a 5, but as I said earlier, it is a bit pricey.
5	I have been here several times on my lunch break. Their hummus is amazing and their Israeli salad is super fresh. I like that I have the option of getting a whole wheat pita. I have gotten their falafel and kabobs and both did not disappoint. The staff members are super sweet and friendly.
4	I came to Stephano's wanting to fulfill a gyro craving, which was satisfied! Located right across the university, this Greek/Mediterranean spot is delicious. I ordered the Beef & Lamb Gyro & made it a meal with fries, which came with a complimentary fountain drink because I was a student. It was around lunch time when I went & it wasn't too busy, but people started arriving shortly after. I had heard of the place & it had always came up on my yelp when I looked for gyros, hummus or shawarmas so decided to check it out. The fellow that took my order was friendly & so was the one who gave me my order. The menu had a variety of items to choose from, from baba ganoush to all types of hummus & Mediterranean dishes & as much as I wanted to try all of them I just wanted a gyro. They had lunch specials as well at good prices. My gyro was delicious & the meat was juicy & tender. I am not a big fan of lamb, but most gyros are mixed with beef & lamb so it was pretty good. I love fries & fry sauces & Stephano's serves their fries with a killer fry sauce that's tangy & compliments their seasoned fries well. All in all I would return because to try their falafel sandwich.
5	The food here is super yummy and healthy when you're on the go! The staff is fun and helpful! Plus it's the best Baba Ghanoush around!!!!! Make sure you check in for a free Baklava.
4	I love their hummus! I also ordered the steak kebab plate and was overwhelmed and really happy! The rice smelled so good, the steak was so soft, juicy and tasty! Top this off with onions and tomatoes. Plus place looks clean and comfortable to eat at, and staff are nice.
4	I haven't had good tabbouleh since Emily's Deli in Minneapolis.  Stephonano's tabbouleh is amazing and the pita bread is crazy delish (better than Holy Land).  I plan to check them out again and order something besides salads.
3	I happened to be in this strip plaza as I needed to get to USPS which is a few door down from this place.I go in & the place is dead, just 1-2 others.I check out the menu not really sure if I want to order, as I know what good Greek & Middle Eastern food is, & restaurants rarely get it right.I noticed they had Mousaka & I said WOW, I haven't had Mousaka in years. I said that to the girl behind the counter & she just looked like I spoke a foreign language. No smile, no warmth, nothing.Every time I asked her a question she didn't understand a word I said & I was starting to get frustrated.I wanted to know what was on the Israeli salad as far as dressing. She didn't even know & kept telling me nothing. I was amazed they don't put any seasoning on their salad, so I kept insisting she find out. How can someone work in a restaurant & NOT know what's on the salad that everyone gets (it comes with almost everything). She had to go ask the guy sweeping the floor & he didn't even understand. Finally I'm told it's lemon & I asked, because I don't use vinegar. It's unhealthy & it certainly shouldn't be on an Israeli salad.Even when going up to get my food I asked if they only had plastic forks & she again didn't understand my question. Then after responding yes, she turns around & laughs at me. LOVELY.Sure enough, it had vinegar on it & so I never ate it. In fact it was swimming in vinegar.My only complement was mousaka, it was VERY good, but it was very small & for almost $12 it wasn't worth it. I never took the pita & of course the salad was a waste as it just sat there.As I was leaving I asked her how much it would be if I got just the mousaka, not the salad or pita. She rang me up. I said NO, I want to know how much. I had to basically answer for her because she never could understand what I was saying.She wouldn't give me a better price so I walked out & they didn't make the money.I doubt I will be back. I can't stand cold ignorant people & the fact that 4-5 times I had to struggle with her understanding basic English & questions about the food, plus the expensive prices, they just lost a good customer, but knowing what I know about these types of people, they won't care.
5	Oh boy! Do I love this joint.  My go to place to dine by UNLV based on very simple restaurant principles (Affordability, customer service and delicious food) Its located in the plaza in front of the UNLV student union.  Cafe rio, wells fargo and Einsteins bagels are the main landmarks to identify this locationService: You're greeted with a warm welcome by the guy behind the counter.  Patient and willing to explain any of the dishes and the different sauces you can get.  UNLV students:  Get a free drink, just show them your rebel cardYelpers: Check in for their baklava! Rich and flaky, a delicious treat that shouldn't be skippedFood:  The food here is tasty.  Hot, packed with flavor of the Mediterranean and  with good portions.  I always get the chicken shawarma bowl which comes in a pie container filled with rice, chicken pieces.  Served with 4 pieces of hot HOT pita (white or wheat) and israeli salad (which you can substitute for fries or hummus).  You get so much when you order which is great, everyone wants to leave a restaurant full.  It also comes with tahini sauce (sesame seed paste) which is amazing.  Combined with the amazing forces of Garlic, this sauce is amazing with the chicken shawarma.  Add some pickled jalapenos, it makes the bowl even better. Overall, Guy I love this place.  A place of honest food, Stephanos on Maryland should be experienced by all. **They have a new location in Henderson and honestly the food tastes much better at this location
5	I love this place, many, many lunches here when my office was nearby. Usually got the 1/2 chicken meal. The baba ganoush  and hummus are excellent and very fresh. I found the chicken kabobs a little dry, but the beef and lamb was very good. I need to get back here soon!
2	I used to order from Stephanos at least twice a week but not anymore! Last THREE times I ordered they messed up my order which is not very hard. Two gyro plates pita on the side. No salad. The nice guy that works the counter isn't there anymore and the new girl just doesn't get how to work the register or understand the menu. I'm on a search for a new Greek place!
5	Lamb and Beef Gyro: your choice of white or wheat pita blanketing some super tender and flavorful meat, large dice onions and tomatoes. They were very generous on the amount of protein in their gyros; I remember seeing it all wrapped up, and being a little bummed because it looked a touch small (what? I was starved..) but when I picked it up it felt like a brick in my hand. Much more filling than it appeared. Fries with Herbed Feta: the fries I had were heavenly; golden and crispy on the outside- just to give it a little bite. The feta was plentiful- I hate it when I order Greek fries and my cheese is microscopic. I thought it was strange that it was served with the "special" fry sauce- I've never been to a Mediterranean restaurant that served fry sauce. I typically love the stuff, but the fries were great solo. Service: really awesome. I was at the counter, unsure of weather I wanted to try the pilaf or the fries.. I love me some rice pilaf.. The cashier was super nice and talked me through both; I really like when the employees seem to take pride in the food they serve. PROS:Lots of meat.As much extra sauce as you'd like. Free.Good food.Even better service.CONS:If there were any, this wouldn't be a 5-star place, now would it?
4	I ate here for the first time on Saturday May 3rd.  I had a friend in town who loves mediterranean food also, and I decided to search something new to try!  All the good reviews for Stephano's made me decide to drop by and I was not disappointed!  When you first walk in you order at the cash register, and then you pick your food back up at the front after a few minutes. They had a larger beer selection than I had anticipated which was a nice touch! I got the steak and lamb gyro, and both were "de-lish!" The steak was very tender (unlike many places I've been; where the steak can be quite tough), and the lamb was crisp on the outside and still tender inside.  Both cuts of meat had good flavor, and I loved the "mixed veggies/salad" that came with the plate!. You also get rice, pita (I chose whole wheat) and yummy hummus! The portion sizes were also good too, so I had plenty left over for dinner! I'd say... "Try it!"
4	First off there are very few restaurants near UNLV that are adequate for lunch and Stephano's is one of the few. Today, I ordered the gyros plate. It comes with hummus, a tomato salad, and one extra pita bread. The gyros is something special, the meat is charred which is very different from the one dimensional gyros that I have had at many Greek establishments. I left completely satisfied and will continue to come here for the comfortable atmosphere, solid food, and friendly employees.
5	Ok i miss my aunt Lynn, so I felt like a gyro and went to Stephano's gyros. Outside it looks like a little gyro shop The place was a lot bigger than I expected. With a Mediterranean feel for sure. So I ordered the chicken shawarma gyro, and the gentleman taking my order suggested I get the combo with fries and I drank Ice tea and I got a side of extra chicken so I can taste just the meat. I checked in on yelp and for checking in they give you a free baklava. It's a small peace, a lot of times the baklava is too big at restaurants too sweet and too full of syrup this was just Wright. So check in before you place your order.for a free desert Food was really good, very authentic, tasted just like my aunts Greek cooking, I miss her so it was a nice treat. The free baklava was good enough that I went back up and purchased another one it was only $1.07 well worth it considering a lot of desserts are $4 to $8 dollars my lunch including the extra side of chicken was only $13 I was really full. I can't wait to go back and try the spanakopita.
5	The waiters were very friendly, the food was delicious and the price was right. What more could you want?!
5	Good God. This place is heaven. Amazing food and exceptional customer service. After every visit to Stephano's, I suffer from post-Stephano's depression. Sometimes in the middle of the night I find myself craving those french fries....
3	Good gyros, quality meat, whole wheat pitas with yummy tzatziki sauce. My only complaint is I wish they had more meat in their gyros. For the price, I think they skimp on the quantity, and I say this after having had them on several occasions.
5	Best Mediterranean food I have ever eaten! Cheese gyro is amazing so is the falafel. There is no item here I don't love!
3	This is a review for the VEGAN yelpers out there:They're quite nice here. To my memory, they have exactly two vegan-friendly dishes, as long as you omit the yogurt and the dolmas (the dolmas are cooked with chicken broth, according to the employee). Personally, I feel like I can get food just as good or better for a much better price. Not bad though!
1	Yeah this place sucks. I just walked in there asked if they had shwarma, the sassy lady who just walked up from the back and poorly rinsed her hands answered NO with the worst attitude. At this point things got pretty awkward so i asked my friend if she wanted to go somewhere else.  Every second after that the cashier stared at us as if i murdered her baby. She kept staring as we walked out. HELL NO. LEARN TO DO BUSINESS.
3	Definitely A-OK! Got a salad and shared a half chicken plate. Chicken was tender and flavorful (thanks for keeping it real with the skin on folks!!!) salad was fresh but it had a ton of feta dumped on top and the greens were in huge pieces and kinda hard to eat. Other than those minor criticisms this is a good place to grab some yummy Mediterranean grub.
1	Probably one of the worst Mediterranean places I've been to.I ordered an order of hummus, falafel, and a chicken schwarma. First off, the chicken schwarma was horrible. It was like taking chicken from Taco Bell, add some shriveled tomatoes and some tahini on artificial pita bread, and you've got yourself the ideal American version of this traditional wrap. They don't even know how to make a schwarma!!! The falafel was so salty and grainy...and if you've had great falafel before, you would know that Stephano's version is just crap. The hummus had NO FLAVOR whatsoever. I will never go back again. As a matter a fact, go right around the corner to Jerusalem Grill on Flamingo and Decatur. Now that place knows how its done, freshly-made food that won't put a hole in your wallet. I swear coming from back east and Europe, people don't really know what good food is around here. Best Mediterranean place I've tried thus far here in this town!
4	Great place to stop and eatGood Hummos FalafelGood student vibeAnd priced right Next to Unlv Always great and fresh food Fart service too
3	This place is my best friend's favorite restaurant. The food here (although pricey) is really good. It's expensive buy it still has kept me coming back. A new girl though is kind of ruining my experience as she so far has overcharged or given me the wrong order 3 times in a row. She also gives me a bad look each time I come over. If it wasn't for her, I would have given the place 5 stars. And I did finally stop eating there because of her poor service.
5	Real, authentic greek food. Great quality.With that being said, they have some of the BEST fries I have ever had. Everything I have had on their menu is a winner.  I eat low carb these days and there low-carb plate is SOOOOOOO good!
4	VERY GOOD GREEK! Gyro plates are VERY good, fries were excellent, cute little place with bench seating with pillows in the back. wonderful place!
4	Really good customer service and the place is really clean but may I suggest lowering the price here. I felt like the Baklava is overpriced because they charge too much for such a small portion. Don't get me wrong it's fantastic but if you want more college students like me to eat here adjustments needs to be made. Other than that it was so delicious here.
3	Food was okay, but expected better.  We were the last customers in on a weekday and we finished before closing time, but we felt rushed.  Overall experience wasn't very pleasant.
1	10 mins on hold to place a to go order. Pull up still on hold and the place is empty. I'll just go somewhere else, thanks! The one in henderson has much better service.
4	The Falafel Wrap was absolutely delish, as were the piping hot fries that came with it. I substituted the sauce that was supposed to come with the wrap for tzatziki sauce (because I can't get enough of that stuff!). Unfortunately, I was in a rush so I didn't have the pleasure of gorging myself with the hefty portions I was served. :(There wasn't really a "Mediterranean" vibe to the restaurant- I would describe it as University friendly though. There was plenty of seating and random fact: Stephano's carries Rooster hot sauce at their condiment station! Yes!My combo included the wrap, fries, and a drink for around $10.75, which I guess is average price wise for Mediterranean food. The wait time was minimal and the food has my seal of approval. I'll definitely be back!
3	When I was a Mediterranean newbie, I used to come here all the time. Alas, more experienced, more discerning. I ordered the steak and chicken kabobs. Once I was able to get the meat off the skewers without a hacksaw, I found the chicken tasty, but somewhat dry. The steak was a bit stringy for my taste. Both were cooked almost to the point of cremation. The accompanying rice was pasty, not fluffy, and the cucumber and tomato salad was so vinegary, it made my taste buds ache. There was hummus on the side which I guess was good, but I'm not really a big fan of hummus. And even though the tzatsiki sauce was pretty good, I'm not sure it will lure me back!
5	Seriously the best. Employees are nice, quick service, restaurant is clean, and the food is yummy. Veggie kabob plate is my favorite. Make sure you check in to get free baklava!Also the fries are amazing
5	I LOVE mediterranean food. Stephano's is one of the best things to hit the University area. $2 beers for rebel hours, all day everyday! It's not super greasy (aka better than pizza and burgers for college students). Food is AMAZING and portions are huge. Either leave here feeling stuffed, share a plate with someone, or leave with leftovers!The fries with sauce and the lamb/beef gyro are my favorite. Be sure to request some extra tzatziki!
5	First time I came here I was exploring to find a place to grab lunch before my next class. I'm very happy I came across this place! They have awesome vegetarian options service is always good. Not to mention, students get a free drinks with the purchase of a plate! I've been recommending this place to my friends due to how close it is to campus and it being a much better (and less crowded) option than the places located on campus.Many options and very good food! It's definitely worth a try.
4	Good all around...not great but definitely good for the price..perfect for quick lunch. Kafta ( kofte) was better than the beef shawarma,although feel free to give any dish a try. None of what ate was below standard..
4	I came in for lunch one afternoon and ordered the chicken schwarma combo (with fries and a drink). The price was around 11-12 dollars, which is typical for Greek food in the area. The menu was also pretty large, there were plenty of options. The decor was clean and the customer service was great. I was greeted upon entering the door and since it was my first time, the individual at the register was quick to give suggestions of the most popular items.The food overall was pretty good. The fries were fresh and the schwarma had a unique blend of spices that stood out from the other Greek restaurants in the area. The meat was a little dry however, but not dry enough to ruin the overall experience. I would strongly recommend this place for lunch.
4	Got a gyro meal. It's really good. The beef and lamb were really tasty. I would want to try some of their chicken when I go next. Unlv ID card gets you a free drink.
3	Service was good. I hope the free baklava was a Yelp only baklava as it was the tiniest sliver I've ever seen. Unfortunately we dropped it, so we're unable to taste. The food was very mediocre. I had a falafel sandwich, and would not recommend. My guest had a tri tip sandwich and had no complaints. It's an order at the counter place with beer, wine and alcohol and was very clean with fun music which was not too loud.
2	I get delivery from here all the time. It's very good!! Just one concern and then I'll Re write my review, if worthy. A SMALL, and it's small. (See pictures) of lentil rice is $3 and so is a side kabob???? The rice was dry and even if it was good, which it wasn't, why $3? I think over $3 ridiculous!! I will post my receipt and photos with this for exacts. Otherwise I love it! But I will NOT order that ever again!
5	Excellent.. Right across the street from UNLV..show your student I.D.  free drink. We ordered the gyro with feta cheese combo and a spinach pie. The meat in the gyro was thick cut and very tasty.. The spinach pie appetizer is perfect as a meal itself..you get 2 large pieces. Its full of spinach,feta cheese, fillo and toped with sesame seeds. The meal was perfect. I will return again. Also on November 17th, its national baklava day..stop by and get a free piece while supplies last..
1	I've never been impressed with Stephano's... There's a reason why this place is always empty, even during what should be a typical lunch hour rush.The quality to portion size to price ratio is terrible... Nothing is fresh...dishes like the moussaka are frozen and microwaved. The tabouleh and moujadara are funkier than James Brown...Eight or so bite sized cubes of dry chicken with overcooked rice and an overly acidic "Israeli salad" doesn't constitute a $14 meal...The $7 falafel is at times too mushy, burned at others... At $9, the gyro is the size of my palm....the pita tastes microwaved, and the meat consists of the typical processed gyro "meat" product...The feta fries are good, but $7 for french fries sprinkled with oregano and a few crumbles of feta is a bit too much.The hummus is inedible...it doesn't taste fresh and the texture is vomit inducing....nothing like the creamy texture of slowly putrefying hummus. I take it most Americans don't have experience with telling when hummus is going bad...that's a plus for Stephano's! And G-d only knows what the mystery "garlic" sauce is....picture semi sour, garlic flavored paste. Lebanese and Syrian cuisine uses garlic aioli with grilled chicken...a by product of having been under French colonial rule. The sh*t at Stephano's is G-d knows what... potato starch with garlic and lemon juice?The flavors in pretty much everything are off...Stephano's is a Middle Eastern themed restaurant, offering an approximation of tastes which Americans would generically classify as "Mediterranean"....By the way, here's a bit of fun trivia.... The Greek form of Steven, is Stefanos...not Stephano...and the owner of Stephano's is an ethnic Armenian from Egypt, so the joint should be called Stepan's...
5	they're food is amazing! Their fries are so delicious with the garlic sauce! I will most definitely come here quite often!
