5	"Ffifth isth maww foog??" was the first thing that came out of my mouth when I first ate Kyklos.  Ha d my mouth not been full of a delicious chicken gyro, it was have sounded like, "This is MALL food?"I was at work at my mom's salon holding down the front desk when one of the manicurists who was out and about called and asked if I wanted a gyro.  Who is going to be like, "Nah.  I don't want a gyro."  Everyone ALWAYS wants a gyro.  So I told her sure, and get me some hummus too.  She DIDN'T tell me she was getting gyros at the mall. When I asked her where she went she said, "Kyklos." "Where's that?" I responded."The Galleria.""Ffifth isth maww foog??"  See now?But really, Kyklos is owned by three brothers who are the NICEST people you could meet.  After this I was charged with going there once a week and picking up gyros and I got the best service ever.  Once, I saw someone order some spanikopita that they didn't particularly like.  Upon returning it, he got his money back AND a piece of Baklava, which he later came up raving about.And MAN have I never had food that good from a mall.  Their gyros, both traditional and chicken, are delicious and they whip up some of the best hummus in town.  Their kabobs are also well marinated and tender.Kyklos is one of the only reasons I would go to the mall, and one of the only things there that's actually worth being a patron of.
5	Gentle eater,  Not one to normally complain about another diner, but Carly seems to have wandered into Sabarro's and fallen into their deep fat fryer. But I digress.My husband and I came out to Vegas in July of 07 to find housing.  After a long and unsatisfying day, we desperately wandered into the Galleria Mall in search of air conditioning and food. Ugh, mall food. Like I said, desperate.We wandered aimlessly and were given the only welcome in the court by Sophoclese (sp?) of Kyklos. He let us taste test some of the meat, and we decided to try.Oh holy mother of goodess.  It was fantastic.We were reborn! Saved! Kyklos made moving to Vegas actually sound like a good idea! 6 months and a move later, we accidentally found them again. After arguing amongst ourselves as to whether or not this was the same place (we'd been a tad sun-baked the last time, not to mention LOST), we decided to try it again. I should have recognized the exceptional service.It was even better than I remembered.This has become a weekly stop for us. We HATE the mall; but we'll go out of our way to take people, visitors, our own family, out to dinner at the mall food court. No one has ever left without being completely satisfied. AND the brothers can discuss Greek history to beat the band. It's so good, I feel I could walk up and say "make me anything" and would still enjoy it. For heavens sakes, try for yourself. It's amazing.
3	Ok, now when your in a mall you expect to spend a little more cause your in the mall and you expect ehh?, mall food. well here's the reason why I only gave Kyklos 3 stars, there is no denying the food is great, the Gyro, the tsadziki, hummus everything is exceptional price however does not correlate with the surrounding. No matter how good your food is owners need to keep in mind the environment. Which is the problem with this place they know the food is good but waaaaaaay over priced for mall food. I was shopping hungry so i went in last week had a gyro plate tabbouleh and a pop for $18.69????? That's just plain outrageous, especially considering I'm eating on a dirty table next to a group of teenagers being loud and obnoxious. If they want to charge that much they should open a fine dining restaurant.
5	LOVE IT!!!!! i know, i know....its in the mall food court. BUT - it is better most greek places in vegas! even better than the mad greek!!! worth going to the mall just to eat there or take it home.
5	Best gyros I have ever had.  "thumbs up"
4	Num num num. Since moving to Vegas, Mall food has meant one of two things...pizza or Panda Express type places. Oh, that was not the case when we were holiday shopping and in need of some food. I go through times when I eat A LOT of Greek food. This time was at the tail end of one of those times, so I was a bit hesitant to try Greek food at the mall. Both my wife and I had the falafel gyro with hummus and pita. WOW...all the food was fantastic! The falafels where very well prepared, and had the perfect texture. The hummus tasted fresh, and the pita was some of the best I have ever had. While we were waiting for our food, the owner chatted with us for a few minutes as well. This really capped off a great experience as he was willing to answer questions we have. Great place to have a quality meal while shopping, particularly for those folks who may be vegetarian or have a hard time finding healthy food at the mall.
4	This is my new spot for Gyros!If you are gonna check it get it with Feta, makes such a huge difference. then again Feta on anything makes it better, kinda like bacon I guess. Price is decent, portion is nice sized, tomatoes on gyro tatse crisp and fresh. The mall location kinda sucks since I'm not much of a mall rat. They have the meat on the spit which is awesome and the only way they should really be doing gyros.
4	I'm no expert when it comes to Greek food but Kyklos chicken gyro was awesome. We've always gone to Kyklos because they carry Tropical Ice Tea, but we never ordered any food. I know...shame on us. The Mall Food Court isn't my first choice for food. But, this place is legit.A cook offered us some to sample their chicken. We usually pass on meat being handed out on toothpicks by workers, but he insisted-plus it was coming straight off the grill. I have to say it was very tasty and the lemon juice he squeezed on it added a light and refreshing taste versus the asian teri-sauce or shoyu chicken. We ordered the Chicken Gyro with grilled onions and the Falafel Gyro. I took my first bite and damn...how the hell did i pass this place up. Both gyro's were good sized . We knew the chicken was already going to be good, but the falafel was also very tasty. You can't go wrong with the price for the portions of food they serve.The owner or one of them was the cook who was very helpful in explaining what ingredients were in each dish we asked about. Some of the other employees in the food court need to take notes from him on customer service...we will refrain from naming any of the guilty parties. Fear no more...Kyklos is not, I repeat, is not your average mall food. Its good to know that anytime you are shopping at the Galleria and start to get a rumble in your stomach...just stroll on down to the food court. And instead of hanging your head in shame, you can hold your head high knowing that you'll be getting good eats at Kyklos and not some dish that was sitting in a hot tray behind glass all day.Aloha means hello and good bye....
5	I have loved this place for years! They are so delicious and the service is great. I try to make it to the galleria every month just to go there. I love how its a family business and that the owners work there. One of the brothers is the type that remembers your face and always personally acknowledges you, great customer service! The chicken gyro plate is to die for. I travel almost 20-30 minutes just to have my Kyklos fix!!
4	Mad props to Kyklos for giving me healthy and delicious mall food. They are my current crush. I am not a huge fan of the Galleria for several reasons starting with the temperature and the lighting. It's always way too warm and bright for my comfort level leaving me irritable and sweaty and hungry. Ugh. But, now there's hope in the form of a gyro. Kyklos had me at the picture menu and the enormous slice of  homemade Baklava on the counter. It's nothing new or revolutionary, but they serve all of my favorite, authentic Greek grub with quality ingredients. We ordered the chicken gyro with the yogurt sauce on the side, Greek salad with the dressing on the side, and chicken with rice with extra vegetables. Simply scrumdiddlyumptious! The homemade vinaigrette and the moist chicken made me fall in love. Every single item was full of flavor and cooked to perfection restoring my faith in mall food in general. Kyklos belongs in the Fashion Show Mall or Fashion Island in Cali. The food is above average and the service is pimp. How refreshing to not have a high, teeny bopper with braces and skinny jeans carelessly taking my order. At Kyklos they care and it shows. Lastly it is clean. I am always scared to eat in the food courts because without fail the food spots constantly get Health Department demerits. While we were ordering and eating I noticed the staff cleaning. Boom. This meal is part of what made yesterday magical to me and I already want more! The Golden Arches and all the other processed food choices at the mall can suck it. I'm all about the Golden Gyro!
5	I love eating at Kyklos. My favorite is the grilled chicked salad. I don't know what they put in the dressing but I find myself craving it at weird hours of the day and night. The owner (Soph) seems to always be there and the love he puts into the food is also shown in the way he treats everyone of his customers. Great guy!My daughter loves the supreme gyro and I have to admit, so do I.Wish they would open a nice sit down restaurant. I think the good quality and service would make it successful.
5	This is my "go-to" fast food. It is sooooo YUMMY! It is located in the food court at the Galleria mall.....I know...but don't let the screaming kids and crowds of people stop you for going there for your next meal! The food is amazing!This placed is owned by a group of brothers. The food is authentic and everything is homemade...including their baklava and tomato sauce. They will usually give you a sample of whatever they are currently grilling while you choose your meal.We always get either the gyro plate or a plain gyro. The food is so fresh and flavorful. I like mine with crisp, ripe tomatoes and yogurt. The pita bread is warm and chewy and holds the rice and homemade tomato sauce just perfect. HEAVEN. They are a bit on the pricey end. We usually spend almost $25 for two of us....a bit expensive for mall food....but it is still worth it. You get what you pay for. HINT: They have recently posted a groupon TWICE so keep your eyes out. We always buy the max each time. Yeah, that is how we roll!When it comes to mall food I am officially a GREEK geek....with baklava on the side yo!
5	I'm pretty sure the people leaving Kyklos negative reviews were drunk, drugged, trying to leave a review for Capriotti's (oooh, sandwich burn), or employees of the mongolian bbq place next to Kyklos (which I noticed a couple days ago is closed - wah wah sad trumpet). Anyways, I wrote this just after finishing the leftover 2nd half of my chicken gyro (that's right, they're that big). I don't waste my time on anything other than tasty baby lamb meat in my gyros, but when the owner offered me a sample of their chicken, I almost fell over from how good just the chicken is by itself. It got even better when stuffed inside a pita and smothered in feta cheese.Not gonna lie - tastiest gyro anywhere (lamb & chicken - me and the wifey went halvesies). Good mall food? Who would've thought. Bad reviewers? Friends don't let friends drink and yelp.
5	Mall food, who would have thought it could be so delicious! Take away the screaming children, punk-teenagers, and the smell of Abercrombie and insert Kyklos, a delicious hidden treasure within the Galleria Mall's hoppin food court. Greek eats, gyros, rice and meat plates, enormous salads, and FANTASTIC SERVICE! The chicken gyro was one of the best I've had in a very long time. Most ethnic cuisine leaves me a bit weary when it comes to meats, especially chicken. But! Kyklos serves recognizable, lean meats served with tasty Greek sides. If you are in the area, in the mood for Greek, give Kyklos a try! This joint is definitely a healthy and delicious option and one of the Mall's most redeeming food court qualities :)
4	Y'know, I have to admit that I'm a little sentimental about this place. I worked in the mall when I was 17-18, so my first exposure to their food was during a lunch break. I was a naive, eager little foodie in the makings, so I'd debate between the sushi/grill place or this one. The chicken here was always coated with a flavorful marinade and the employees were happy to hand me a little toothpick sample of goodness to entice me. Several times I talked with the owner, who was pleasant and seemed excited to be sharing his goods. The sandwiches are big; too big for my teenage self to demolish and still probably bigger than I should attempt now.  You can get fries, or salad, or an assortment of other things. There's a pretty decent selection for how big their operating space is.There's some serious competition that's even closer to our home base, so my patronage here will be limited. The food is good, though, especially given that it's in a mall food court. Don't hate, gryo-nate!
4	We were helped by one of the co-owner Sophocles, nice guy. Honey got the Gyro Combo - Includes: Kyklos Gyro, Regular Fries, and a Large Drink - $9.95 and I got the Chicken Gyros - $7.25.  I was looking for some garlic sauce, I don't think the store actually have some, but give us some Tzatziki for free.  Chicken by itself are delicious, once mix it with lot of Lettuce, Tomatoes, and Yogurt.   taste is more mellow.  The Gyro is ok, I like those at Filfila Mediterranean Cafe better.  Fries are crunchy and fresh.  will go there again since I got a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com for $2 (min. purchase $35).
4	The service was really nice, they were so patient and positive when figuring out my friends groupon. The spinach pie was really hearty and filling, tzadziki.. However you spell it was good but could have used more cucumber. I would go again:)
4	BRING Mints or Chewing Gum with you!You will be chowing down some serious scrumptious food with tons of garlic (yeah) so bring the breath stuff and make sure you are not a vampire.If you ever are forced to go to a mall and eat there, this is the place you want to go, which is located at the food court of Galleria Mall in Henderson.1.  Ambiance  - this is a food court. It has a cafeteria type ambiance. Fast food feel.2,  Service - Could not tell if anyone was ethnic Greek or Mediterranean descent, but all the staff I spoke to seem to be very knowledgeable of the food.3.  Food -The pita bread - This is very important in any middle eastern food. And while they used bread that came in plastic packages, I could not tell if it was home made or not. However, the consistency was about right, the texture good and I found it to be pretty good overall. They give you plenty of it too.The Souvlaki - We ordered the Chicken Souvlaki and it was very , very nice. The chicken is cooked on a skewer right in front of you if you are willing to wait the 8-9 minutes of cooking. It is tender and when mixed with the tzatziki sauce they give you, it is really good.  Comes with veggies, rice and pita bread. The serving size is just right and the quality of taste is pretty good.The Baba Ghanouge - I always order this as my way to distinguish one restaurant from another.  I look for the nice smoky roasted flavor of the eggplant and the very subtle texture of the tahine sauce that will create the right consistency for dipping my pita bread in and chowing down.  I really liked the dish here, very flavorful and just the right texture.4.  For mall food, this is really good stuff.5.  I will be coming back again and try the desserts next time too.GK says, check it out
4	I ate here today when I went to the mall with my granpa.We got a adult chicken finger basket and a child one.For those two and a drink it was about 17 dollars wich is kinda pricy to me.But we dont get it all the time so its ok.Chicken strips adult: You get 4 of them wich is ok becuase they give you a lot of fries.They are very crunchy and yummy,expeshaly diped in ranch!Fries:crispy,hot,potatoy just how fries should be :) ps;there a bit stingy on ketchup and napkins so you have to ask for extra.
3	I never know what I'm going to get. Eating at Kyklos is like taking a gamble, but I guess it's a gamble worth trying.On a few ocassions I have eaten at Kyklos. Mainly these times have been when I am with my mother shopping it up at Galleria. I have gone through all of their salads and find them to be delicious, crispy, green, and fresh with all the right trimmings for what I would expect from Greek salads.I happened to see Groupon post a Greek food coupon, which doesn't come around too often and I jumped on it not realizing it was Kyklos. I only realized this after further inspection. Yesterday after work I headed directly to Kyklos to pick up some food to-go for my boyfriend and I. I have since learned - don't get it to go, just eat it there. By the time I got everything home it was quite smooshed and I was disappointed. Not their fault, but just the fact that gyros and fresh french fries should be eaten as quickly as possible once you have gotten them.I went with the gyro (supreme) and chicken gyro (for the boyfriend). Thinking of sides, I decided on the french fries and falafels. The sides were a major fail. The falafels were God awful. I just have no other way to put it. And the fries? Boring and tasteless. As for the gyros... hrmmm. I just can't say they were that great. These are supposed to be a staple, especially in a mall food court! It's the one thing you can grab and eat with your hand, rather than the salads and plates. My supreme was smothered in way too much feta. I felt like I had to power through it to get to the meat. It's a Greek place in a food court, so I can't say it's terrible because I can't compare to a Greek restaurant where food would be expected to be better. But it's okay. That's all she wrote.
4	Yes this place is in the mall food court.  You would never guess you'd find a place like this at the mall.  The staff is really nice and helpful.  If you're not sure what you want, they'll help you decide.  This place has really good Greek food and is reasonably priced.  Next time you're at the mall, avoid the chain fast food joints and check this place out.
5	This is my update to Kyklos as I was contacted by the very, very nice manager in response to my disappointment I had with my Groupon and gyro experience. I have once again returned to Kyklos and I will return again and again when I am shopping at The Galleria. It honestly is the best place to eat in the food court. They take great pride in their food here and the staff is incredibly friendly. This time I went I once again had a gyro and this time I got my feta on the side. I highly recommend this as it lets you sprinkle the exact amount of feta as you eat. I also got the rice, which I thought would be simple, yet it was bursting with delicious tomato flavor!I must say Kyklos is kicking butt in the arena of mall food AND Greek food! Can't wait to try something else here.
1	I hate giving a one star review but his place blows. They only have one person working so it took 25 minutes for a gyro to be done. That was crazy. And then it was not even good. And to top it off they charge you for the tzatziki sauce..that was really just plain greek yogurt.I wont be eating here again.
4	Got a great deal through restaurant.com which I purchased after seeing the overall good reviews on yelp and elsewhere.  Didn't realize it was in a mall food court or I might have given it a miss.  However, I'm glad I bought the certificate because we had a great  take-out meal with lots of leftovers (because we had to spend a total of $35 to use the coupon).  Unlike other reviewers who complained about their food not traveling well, we thought about what would be good take-out food and were not disappointed.  Chicken plate (yum), chicken salad (yum), and taboulleh (yum, too).  Not exactly sure why the large taboulleh without any meat costs $12, but didn't really care when we got such a great deal overall and it tasted good.  Prices on everything else seemed reasonable.  Lots of food for the well-discounted price, but even at regular prices, not bad value.  I think two people could probably split something like the chicken salad or chicken plate.  Also, there were three people working, unlike the understaffed experience described by another reviewer, and they were accommodating  in that I had misread one of the restrictions on the coupon but they honored it anyway, which we much appreciated after having driven a ways to get there.  Left a big tip.Bottom line:  Nice staff, good food, okay prices, not bad a wait. No ambience, but we went away happy and got to enjoy our food at home in comfort while watching a movie.  Would recommend to others.
5	This is the first time I have ever reviewed a shopping mall food venue, but I really have to share. This place has the very best gyros, cous cous, and baklava. Chicken, or lamb with the works is amazing. The price is worth the quality, and quantity. http://www.kyklosgreekcafe.com
3	I wanted to give this place more stars because of the service. Honestly, its pretty impressive how nice they are considering that they are located in a mall food court and have to deal with rude, hurried shoppers all the time. They were very courteous about my groupon and explained the different pitas they offered over the phone while i placed a carryout order. Service wise, these guys were top notch-- very accommodating, very patient, very polite.I ordered two of their original gyros, a chicken fajita gyro, and an ultimate chicken gyro which came with feta cheese and lettuce. It's definitely not bad. Their gyros are packed with meat. You honestly shouldn't be ordering fries if you are already getting one of their wraps-- it's surprisingly filling. The quality of the meat was so-so. Better than your average fast food style gyro-- the meat seemed to be more thickly sliced. (Don't ever buy a gyro at a place that doesn't explicitly specialize in middle eastern or Greek cuisine) However,  I think you're better off eating the gyros at nearby Greek Bistro. They added sliced tomatoes--pretty standard stuff. The bread was ok, thick but I would have preferred something that wrapped a bit better. But ultimately, the sauce just didn't impress me that much. I was expecting more of an authentic, cucumber based hint to it and it didn't taste much different from standard plain yogurt. Not saying that it WAS yogurt-- I really don't know what it was. But it didn't impress me.The specialty gyros we tried were decent. The fajita style gyro is definitely different. They used what tasted like yellow american cheese and grilled bell peppers and onions. A tasty alternative to a chicken burrito you might find at your average fast food mexican place. But just ok. The ultimate greek chicken did have that tasty feta cheese in it but it didn't blow me away. The chicken was plentiful but could have been juicer. I think it would have been preferable if they had used chicken kabob instead of sliced bits of chicken breast. At no point during the eating of the aforementioned products did I think this place was bad or regret my purchase. At the same time, there was no point at which I found myself moaning in delight over the flavors. These guys are probably a good bet if you find yourself in the mall food court, but I otherwise wouldn't recommend them as an outing when there are noticeably better greek places nearby in Henderson. Despite my lukewarm review, I WOULD come back here again in the future, but probably only with another groupon, or to try some of their dessert options.
4	Some other reviews mention Groupon, and I'm definitely rating this under the Groupon price. It would be 3 stars if I was buying it normal price, but since I'm never going to eat here without Groupon, that's fine with me.I had the gyros deluxe and the falafel gyros. The former was pretty good, but really messy, and the paper wrapping at the bottom was getting soaked The latter I haven't finished eating, but I gave it a couple bites to see if it I would end up doing another Groupon purchase. It's pretty good, but definitely a smaller portion and not as much depth of flavor in the sauce and toppings as similarly priced falafels at my favorite places back in California.If I wanna go out with friends for this type of cuisine, I'll probably look for another place. If I'm stuck at the mall for some reason, I'll probably do one of the big chains. But if I want to feel like I'm getting a nice deal, I'll use one of my Groupons for this place and get a gyro or falafel for basically $3.50 a pop.
4	Hidden inside the Galleria Mall is one of the more interesting food court places I've ever ate at. Kyklos was a pleasant surprise, especially after my experience with Manna not long ago. I ended up with a Chicken over rice dish with fresh vegetables, fresh pita bread and a drink that cost me around $11. What I got was a loaded plate, some of the freshest pita bread I've had, but yet while it was flavorful it was kind of ho-hum. The vegetables despite being steamed longer than normal were still tough. And the marinated chicken that I got to sample at the counter while ordering just didn't taste the same once it was mixed with everything else. I had hope this would be better than it was. But it's just a 3 star experience for me. But I will go back and try something else as maybe it was just an off day for me, or the food, or both. Also their fountain drinks were not mixed properly and they get a mention on my Payment Card Chaos list as you gotta show ID and sign. Read my list description of why I think that sucks and I flag it every time. One bonus: Service: I asked questions and got answers about the food. I really wish I could give them 4 stars, but I can't do it. 3 will have to suffice, for now.Edit: Out of 200+ reviews, the owner of Kyklos was the first to send me a message and directly respond to my comments. That knocks my socks off. An owner that gives a damn ranks right up there with service with a smile. I now can claim both here. And after looking back at the review I may have been biased. I've had 2 days of Thai food for lunch. Kyklos is too good to be used as a bounceback review after such a stellar experience. Adding that 4th Star. (Plus the Pita bread I had left over is still so good!) I will go back and try other things, and I welcome recommendations on what to try.
4	Had a Groupon certificate and decided to head over to the mall to check this place out.  I am always leery of food court food, but Kyklos was a step above your average food court fare.  The food was freshly prepared and so there was a wait, which to me was a good thing, because it shows care for quality.Mrs G had a good gyro and I had a steak kabob.  My steak was a bit tough, but the flavor was very nice and there was plenty of it.  The gyro had a few too onions, but again, overall a very good gyro.Overall, I'd give this place a B+ for fresh, tasty and not your standard mall fare.
3	This fast food restaurant is located in the food court of the Galleria Mall.  We both enjoyed our gyros, but our piece of baklava was drier than a bone.
5	Was at a mall for the first time in almost a year. We decided to try the food court. It had some interesting choices. We came across this place. The menu looked good, then I saw they had felafel. Had to try it. My wife and I ordered a felafel pita, fries, chicken souvlaki, and baklava for dessert. It came to $30! Then we got the food. Wow. It was great! Well worth the$. Only drawback was their ketchup, or the stuff they try to pass-off as ketchup. Chef choice from restaurant depot is not ketchup! Hunt's is not ketchup! Only Heinz can really be considered ketchup. If it ain't Heinz it ain't shit! Anyway, the food was great and was some of the best baklava I have ever had. We ordered more to-go. My wife doesn't eat leftovers, but she actually got a to-go box for later. All in all I was very happy and will eat there again if I have the opportunity.
5	This may not be a fair review for some because I have not been to this place for a few years.  I starting going to this place about seven years ago and would there once a week.  The owners of the place were brothers and were all very nice.  Their customer service with me was always above and beyond.  I do not know if the quality had gone down or not since it has been awhile since I dined there, but I can tell you I still consider this place to have the best gyro in town.  It is a big surprise considering that it is in a mall food court.  I would tell the owners that they needed to get out of the mall and open their own place somewhere else.  They have succeed by staying in the food court, and more power to them.Their gyro's are very large and fulling.  I alway get the gyro supreme and it does the trick.  The baklava can be hit or miss depending on how long it had been sitting out.  The price is reasonable too.  I feel bad that I have not been there for such a long time, but since I moved deeper into Henderson I do not find myself in the area of the Galleria Mall.  It was convenient when I live next GVHS as this place was only two minutes away.  I would recommend that everyone try this place at least once, and you will not be disappointed.
5	Yuro Supreme with no sauce. Great everytime.I have been eating here for yrs never ever a complaint.
4	I've eaten at this place off & on for a few years now; I only wish it weren't in the mall's food court, and if it weren't, I'd definitely go more often. I'm sure the rent in there is cheaper than having a standalone place, though, so I don't blame them too much for that.Three brothers own & run this place (check out their business cards sometime; they have funny titles). You can tell they care about it and they really enjoy making delicious, authentic Greek food for people. You can watch them cut their gyro meat off spits slowly turning in the back. Heck, you can watch them make pretty much everything. My favorite thing to get there is the chicken gyro supreme plate. The plate itself has chicken, rice pilaf, lettuce/tomato, and a touch of tzatziki, and the "supreme" part means they dump on a generous helping of white onion slices & feta cheese. YUM!! There's some kind of red sauce on the rice pilaf, which I've never seen any other Greek place do. It seems like it's probably tomato-based, and it's not strong, but it adds a little something extra that's very welcome (as you may have seen me say in other reviews, I'm kind of crazy about sauces). Their hummus is also EXCELLENT, served with fresh, warm pita bread. Really, the only downside to this place is the location; everything else has been great so far.
4	Ok, I know what you're thinking... yes, it is in the mall, but its great! Family run, authentic food, and plenty of options.Before becoming a vegetarian, I ordered the chicken gyro supreme plate (same great stuff, but on a plate with rice pilaf instead of wrapped up like a gyro).Now I order the same plate, sans chicken, and add a small greek salad. I love all of their dressings and sauces, none of that stuff from a bottle here.
5	I started coming to Kyklos a few years back and at that time I really didn't enjoy greek food. This place totally changed my perception on greek food, especially gyros. It's located in mall food court but that doesn't take away from how amazing the food is. The gyro supreme is what I always get, even though I tell myself every time that I will get something different. The quality in the food or service does't change, it's always been top notch. The prices have gone up, but that hasn't stopped me from going there at least once a month. The food is amazing and I will continue to come here and enjoy the food they offer. My only wish is that they'd expand their business to the northern side of Vegas.
5	Finally got to try this place as I love Gyros (at least most of them).  I must say this place passed my test.  the Gyro was outstanding!  Full of flavor, better than a lot of others I have tried.
5	I never thought I'd give food court food 5 stars, but yep, that's what it is. It does not seem like you're in with a Panda Express and a Cinnabon. I ordered chicken and rice with a side of tzatziki. The tzatziki was unlike what I had had before, but it was very good. Tons of veggies are in with this dish, too, so you feel like you're doing something good for your body while you're eating fast food. Also, the teenagers they have working are super, super friendly. Usually teenagers are cranky, especially in a mall food court, but not here. Yes, I will have a sample of your gyro meat, thank you, and I'm so glad that it's not from a gross tray out in the middle of the tables. Jaunt past all the gross places and enjoy some pretty delicious Greek here!
3	For what you get, this place seems a little pricey.Lunch today was a chicken gyro pita and a small greek salad and drink.... $12... The pita bread was stale so this was disappointing since I love pita bread and was looking forward to a soft fluffy pita.The chicken however was awesome!  Juicy, meaty, succulent... probably the best chicken I've ever had in a sandwich.  I have no complaints about the chicken.  In fact... just order the chicken forgo the pita.The greek salad was small and drenched in feta cheese... and since feta can be overpowering (and it was).... I ate around most of the feta to get to the greens... there were no cucumbers in it... just a couple slices of flavorless tomatoes and 1 beet slice.  Oh well.... it's good... but not worth the price so chances are I'll go elsewhere next time.
4	The owner is a GENEROUS man and super friendly!  He aims to please.  :)So, he invited me back to try his food again and so glad I did.  The chicken was still STELLAR of course.But this time the pita bread was soft and fresh and fluffy.I didn't have a salad because there was a salad on my chicken and the greens and tomatoes were fresh and thinly sliced just the way I like them.The rice was light and flavorful.The tzatziki sauce was really good too.... thick like a dip with garlic, cucumber and herbs.  I could have just eaten this and the pita and been a happy camper.The chicken gyro plate also came with a light red sauce on the side.  I wasn't sure what it was but upon tasting it, I poured it all over my chicken and rice like a gravy.  That sauce was really good.  I mean the chicken and rice were moist and flavorful already but this sauce just added a little extra dimension.OH!  And the Baklava.... definitely treat yourself to this sweet sensation.  It is sweet but not sugary sweet.  The phyllo dough is light and the nuts are finely chopped and it all just melts in your mouth.  After 1 bite, I knew I wasn't taking any of it home.Thanks, Sophocles!  I'll be back again.  :)
5	This just might be my favorite place to eat of ALL TIME. Seriously the food is so amazing, it brings a tear to mighty Zeus' eye. I imagine this to be what the heroes of old eat in the Elysian Islands. As one other reviewer said, I'm not entirely sure how close this is to authentic Greek food, but when the owners' names are Sophocles, Constantine, and Yiannis Frangakis, I'm pretty sure they know what they're doing. When I'm at the mall, I love that it's there. When I'm not at the mall, I wish it were a stand alone restaurant. I no longer live in Henderson, but I would travel from Mount Olympus itself to savor these delicious morsels.
2	If I wasn't a Greek permanent resident and have not lived in Greece for over 10 years (and counting), I would say "So, this what Greek food is like.  It's OK, I guess." and possibly gave them 3stars.  But knowing what Greek food really is including regional Greek dishes,  Kyklos' food is nothing but Americanized Greek food (read:  bastardized Greek food).  Don't get me wrong,  they're not bad, they were just modified to cater to and please the American palate, but me having the luxury of devouring the real thing, all I can say is:   "Ela re, filoi mou!!  Plaka kaneis?"  I had their chicken gyro combo plate and was surprised to see a mountain of lettuce on my gyro!  It looked like a Mexican wrap (and actually somewhat tasted Mexican to me.  Maybe they used Mexican oregano instead of the greek variety?).  The tzatziki sauce didn't taste like the "greek yoghurt/shredded cucumber/dill" concoction I am used to.  It has the consistency of and tasted like your ordinary table ranch dressing.  The lemon on the overcooked chicken meat was overpowering as opposed to the simple salt/oregano marinade (I saw them saute' the meat on their flat grill and was left on the grill).    Note;  A typical or traditional Greek gyro meat is cooked on a vertical rotating broiler, then served with the just slightly charred shaved broiled meat, red onion, tomatoes, and tzatziki on a grilled thick pita bread, with or without fried potatoes.  The northern part of Greece serves their gyros with or without ketchup and mustard.  Some Greek islands away from the mainland usually serve their gyros on a grilled thin (almost like the Indian naan, very crusty) pita bread.  Again, am not lambasting their business.  Their food is not bad.  They're good, it's just that I've had better.  They're tasty and delicious in some levels, and am not surprised a lot of people like and enjoy what they offer albeit in a mall environment.  I haven't tried their other offerings so I can't speak in general terms but just basing from the gyro I had, it didn't taste traditional to me.  In fact, it didn't taste anything like Greek to me.  Signwmh :(
4	Mall location, but definitely above average compared to usual food court type fare. A little on the pricey side though.
4	Great customer service. The owners are very nuce and appreciate your business. The food is good considering it's at a mall food court.  Their signature grilled chicken over rice or salad is good. The chicken is plenty seasoned so it could be a bit too salty too some people including myself. I generally don't like salty foods and try to eat more on the bland aode of the things. Their spinakopita was so salty I had to drink down a bottle of water after. Oh, the portions are huge.
4	We always get the gyros salad and the spanakopita. Great value for the food. Portions are large and the food taste great. Not what you would expect at a mall. But you've got to try it. The owners (family owned) are extremely friendly and have a great memory...they remember your each time you visit.
5	Love them gyros! Manager knows who his regulars are and gave me a free Greek salad! Thanks bro
5	This place made my first time having greek food a memorable experience.The greek chicken salad was delicious! Not only was the food tasty but the service was excellent. I will definitely be coming back!
5	I...love...this....place!!! The owner is so nice! The food is delicious! And I'm full! I come here once a week and try different things each time. The lamb gyro supreme is so tasty. I recommend this place to anyone who loves good food. Don't worry about it being in the mall, it's worth it.
3	Are the gyros good? Yes! Have I had better? Yes! I had been wanting to try their food for a while now. I haven't had a chance to sample everything on their menu so I'm only going off of what I did order. The price is fair, compared to other Greek restaurants we've been to, it's a steal! Before we placed our order, the nice gentleman let us sample the chicken meat they use for the gyros, it had a good flavor and it wasn't bland.My husband and I decided to go with the beef/lamb gyro combo in the end.We received our order with fries. They were nice and crispy but just plain. I am not sure if they offer Greek fries but next time I will look and substitute them in if they do. On to the gyro, it came topped with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, and feta cheese.I felt like the gyro was missing tzaziki sauce, either that or the sauce was weak, I couldn't taste it. We asked for no onions on both gyros but voila! Onions on both, yuck! Now for the tomatoes, I have a weird relationship with tomatoes, if they look fresh I'll eat them, if they look old they make me feel nauseous on cue, I can't eat them. In this case, they looked old so I picked them all out. Overall, the gyro was good but not great. The cashiers were friendly and helpful, they answered questions in regards to the menu, I will be back though, I am curious about their tyropita.
5	Pleasantly surprised by the quality for being mall food, friendly staff that really seem to care about what they're doing!
5	My family loves to get Greek food here. The owner is super nice and the food is always fresh. I really like the tiropita and the gyros the best. The prices may seem expensive but they are pretty generous with their portions.
4	Fantastic! $40 worth of food & worth every bite. Clean cut staff who were very helpful in helping select menu items. Yummy.
4	4 stars for the gyro supreme. the salads are good too watch out for the pits in the olives. Almost broke my tooth. Seriously gyro supreme is money
4	Very good I had my doubts but I was impressed everything was fresh even the vegetables looked fresh ! Definitely will return my favorite is the chicken. The flavor was very unique and it wasn't dry either. U rarely find good fast food with juicy anything well check it out you'll really enjoy it.
5	This is a MUST stop for lunch when I am at the Galleria Mall.  The best gyros I've ever had...packed full of meat and the sauce is the best also!  Greek fries are great and baklava is off the chain!  The brothers who own the joint have amazing personalities and it shows through to the employees also.  I don't get to go here that often since I live on the other side of the city now but when I do they still recognize me and catch up!  It's great...definitely a highly recommended place for me!
5	Every time I go to the Galleria mall, I bring my appetite for Kyklo's! The owner and his staff are so nice and thankful for your business. Always a fresh, wonderful greek meal. The vegetarian gyro and vegetarian plate are my favorites. The baklava, pita, and hummus are all 5 stars. Good prices too. Love this place!
5	Everything is amazing!! Brought my mom here for the first time and she's never had Greek food before and the words out of her mouth were "I hope they Greek food in Heaven!" Needless to say she love it!
2	Not too impressed, to tell you the truth.First of all, you get charged over a dollar to have feta cheese and sauce put on your gyro...I'm guessing that this makes it "supreme". I declined to make it a meal, but asked for a soft drink.....refills by the way are .75 cents.I wasn't asked what type of meat I wanted, so I'm not entirely sure what I ate yesterday. When my number was called, the way it looked was just kind of sad...The guy who handed me my platter asked if I was on Facebook, and wanted me to "like" their business...... Ugh, guy, I'm just hungry. I don't want to "like" anything. Feed me. The lettuce was shredded, not a solid piece, really it looked like something you would get out of a bag. The pita was warm, which I enjoyed, along with tender meat. However, the pita was falling apart. And mix that with the shredded onion, shredded lettuce, and the sauce, it was just every where. If I'm going to spend this kind of money on a single gyro, I'd rather go to the Great Greek.
3	Updated from 2 stars to 3.After exchanging a few words with the owner, I decided to give Kyklos another chance this afternoon. I ordered gyro and fries, which came with a drink.I will correct myself and say that the additional charge is for the feta cheese, not for the sauce. The owner gave me the example of paying extra for cheese on a hamburger, which I understood...I still don't agree with it, but hey...it's not my business. At least they do give you a decent amount of cheese when they put it on there. That, thankfully, they do not skimp on :)The sign on the soda fountain about charging extra(s) for refills has been taken down.This time, I did see tomatoes being cut while we were waiting, but that was the only thing that was prepared while we were there. Nice to see that they do some prep work at the actual location.The meal came and it was still just "okay" for me. There's just minor things that could be done to really make this enjoyable and easier to eat. Thankfully, the pita did not fall apart on me this time, but I'm just still not crazy about it. The shredded lettuce still puts me off. I think that it would all stay together a lot better if it were a solid piece on the bottom, but that is just me. Also, the onions could be cut a little smaller instead of long strands.It'd be easier to take a bite, and not have various food items dangling out of your mouth, or squishing and falling onto the plate.The fries were tough. I like my fries crispy, but they were a little over done for my personal taste. I can say that this is most likely the best  food option that the Galleria food court has to offer.
5	This is my favorite place in town for gyros. It is the only reason I will go to the mall these days. I am giving them 5 stars even though, 1, the price is way too high. I really wish they were not so expensive and 2, the quantity. They are really skimping on the meat sometimes. For the price that sandwich should be exploding. I will still go though because, well, it is the best!
5	I love this place,  I have been eating here for years. One of the best Greek places in town. They have the best Gyro in Vegas.  The owners are cool. And they always remember my name.  I would recommend this place.
4	I never appreciated Greek food till place. Been coming here for years now. Sometimes me and my husband would drive here from Green Valley area just to have it for dinner. One thing I don't like.... Is the price! I've always thought $10 is a little much. I have always ordered the same thing. Chicken Gyro Plate. I think I ordered just a regular style Gyro once and just enjoyed the plate much better.I believe the owners used to work behind the counter and now they have hired people? If that's the case... Good for them!!! Although I do prefer the owners, if that was them in the past. Best personality, very friendly and welcoming. I probably come here at least once a month. My only ONLY gripe..... SEEDS!!! I have not even completed my meal and have bitten down on 5 seeds already! Lemon seeds? I don't know? Can you guys please strain the juice so that customers don't bite down on seeds... I have to fish them out from my mouth while trying to enjoy my meal??? Please!!! Aside from the seeds and the price... I'm happy! Thanks!!
4	Never had Greek food before but was stopped and offered a sample of the grilled chicken and was it rated good so we figured why not?  The menu had a lot of things and with me being indecisive I would've been sitting there forever trying to figure out what everything was.  The lady in front of me ordered the grilled chicken over rice plate and said it's really good so I went with it.  I was still a little weary of the sauce that came with it since I wasn't sure if I would like it but decided to just take it as is.  I was glad I did! The chicken was moist and had good flavor, the veggies were fresh and seasoned good and the rice with the sauce was light and really good too!  I finished the whole thing and didn't feel bloated or grossed out, definitely a good choice for food court food if you don't want deep fried, heavy, greasy foods.  The employees were really nice too, good restaurant quality food in a food court mall.  Still crave it once in a while.
5	Hard to get anything else when you are in the mall.  Best Greek food I have found in the Las Vegas Area!
4	Best Greek food in Las Vegas! The gyros are amazing and they make sure the food is done just right. The tatziki here is delicious, so delicious I even use it to dip my fries in!The sampler is a ridiculous amount of food, and all delicious. Rice in tomato sauce, chicken souvlakis, lamb souvlakis (for an additional charge, Tiropita, and dolmathes, the sampler provides you with a full stomach! The price is reflective of fresh ingredients and the labor of love that is Greek food. Yes, it is in a mall, but I can say I've never had better other than homemade - and my hubby is Greek!
5	Let me just say....Mall Food. Its not my favorite. Do you want little Italy, or do you want broke down China? Or, maybe processed meat on a stick, dipped in batter and deep fried? Mall food has not made it to the list of my favorite places to eat, until now. Kyklos (kee-klos) is fresh, tasty and has the best customer service. You can find Kyklos in the Food Court of the Galleria Mall. The nice guy behind the counter greets all customers with a fresh hot sample of their Grilled Chicken. (my favorite of course). You can get it over rice, in a gyro or in a salad.
2	I'm a Greek food eating connoisseur!!! Trust this review...they have pretty good Greek food...but, the prices are just too steep...over $13.00 for a Greek salad with no pita bread?? Again, not taking anything away from this establishment but, I prefer the Great Greek that's less than miles away.
5	My fave 'mall' food.  #kyklos at the #gallariamall in #henderson.  Incredible,  family-owned #greek restaurant.  Fresh,  healthy selections. I get the small #gyro #salad. Tons of #protein and the small is plenty of food for one person.  Check it out!  #healthyfoodreview #fitspiration #fittips #fitchixclub
5	One of the best places for Greek food! My family is Greek& this comes pretty darn close to my grandma's cooking.
1	I was starving and this place was still disappointing. The gyro was not warm enough the meat was just salty,not flavorful.The tabbouleh was $3.25 for a tiny cup that was mainly just filled with parsley. Possibly the most disappoint Greek food I've eaten. On top of it all the prices are pretty expensive even compared to mall prices. Nearly $12 for a small gyro and some tabbouleh? Maybe their prices could be more reasonable if they didn't hand out business cards with pointless quotes from ancient philosophers on them.This place is pure garbage.
4	I'm definitely a fan of this restaurant.  I was at the mall for a few hours tonight and decided to stop by Kylos Greek Cafe again.  I've been here several times in the past when I've had a groupon and totally loved it then.  I got the gyros combo with fries and a drink.  I got the supreme which was about 13 buck and it came with feta cheese and lettuce.  The portion size is pretty large for the price and it definitely filled my stomach.  It is kinda messy if you try to eat it with your hands like you would a normal gyro.  I end up just eating it with my gold plated tiffany fork that I bring with me when I plan on eating out.  So I adverted the mess on my hands.  For mall food it's not bad compared to the other restaurants that barely survive
4	I have been coming to Kyklos for several years. The food quality has not changed, it has remained as good as the day they opened! I love the gyros here, I always get 1 when I come. Occasionally I get the supreme w feta. I have NEVER been dissatisfied with the food. The only reason I hold back for the 5th star is they are a little pricey.
5	So amazingly fresh and an incredible taste. Definitely recommend! One the cooks, and what seemed to be the manager, was super nice and friendly. He helped me choose the perfect dish. He  also gave me a free salad which was SO good and I'm definitely ordering that next time. It had tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, olive oil and feta cheese.He really didn't have to do that but the fact that he did made my day. Definitely making a stop here next time I shop at the Galleria mall.
4	Kyklos is delicious. I ordered a chicken gyro combo (gyro, fries or salad, and drink) and split a spanikopita. The gyro was very good. Lots of flavor, good size, well proportioned in terms of insides to dough, and even delicious bread. Too many times have I eaten gyros where the bread portion is simply a waste of space. But here it makes the gyro taste better. I was opting to be healthier and went with the salad, which is a little bowl of lettuce with feta cheese, other veggies, and an olive. Dressing was good on the side. The spanikopita was huge. I don't think I'd get it again here. Personally, I prefer the smaller ones sold at The Great Greek. And they're tastier there too. My friend said he felt like he was eating into a giant spinach artichoke dish. It tasted good, but it was heavy because the portion was so large. And it wasn't presented very well; I won't post a picture but it was literally a green blotchy thing splatted onto a plate. I also like the ones at The Greek Greek better because there's more puff pastry. This one had very little puff, and what little puff existed was somewhat soggy and thin. But I would definitely come back for the gyros.
3	Got the Dolmas for lunch to go.. Was not that hungry so figured a side of dolmas would be perfect. Opened the container at the office they were put together pretty sloopy, almost falling apart There was no taziki sauce or marinara sauce which I was expecting... I'm a sauce whore so this no sauce thing is kind of a deal breaker. I ate 2 and was over it. I have had way better dolmas and counld't stomach the other one. Pretty disappinted considering that the Gyros here are amazing.
