3	Great service, new restaurant in the new terminal in Vegas.Calamari - was good, not over cookChop House Salad - great salad with plenty of chicken and all the goodies.One Negative - they put the TV's on the outside of the bar hood???  So people walking by can watch the game but if you sit at the bar you get to look at the liquor bottles.
3	Food is just so-so...it means, not so great but so expensive.  I ordered Arnold Palmer, REALLY??? NO lemonade???  It's not that they were out of stock...but they just don't carry it!  Iced Tea is $3.39 that's unsweetened.Airport food prices are rip offs BUT the restaurant prices for drinks are highway robbery!Can't you guys at least ask your Coke or Pepsi supplier to supply you with Lemonade bag-in-the-box for your customers???  Just try to figure out which drinks you're not selling very well and you can replace your soda gun/dispenser signage...it's not too much NOR too hard to ask from those Soda company guys!!!P.S. I was not the only one who asked for Arnold Palmer that lunch time....10 mins later, a guy in a business suit (seated at the next table) asked for the same thing!!!  How many Arnold Palmer orders do you receive everyday???
4	Not too shabby for an airport meal.  I had the club sandwich and loved it.  They even had some descent beers on tap which was surprising.  I'd say they had about 10 descent ales to choose from with some hoppy ones to choose from.  A few IPAs, Ambers, and I believe a stout from Sin City Brewing.  I sat at the bar and got great service.  I think it was funny that they want to give you a 1/2 off shot with every beer you order.  I'm leaving Vegas, not coming to Vegas... common guys... usually we've trying to sober up when we're here.  Or not... depending on how much you lost.
1	Beer was worth the visit. Food isn't very good, service seemed a bit lazy. For a Sports Bar/Restaurant, showing 10/12 televisions of the same Sunday Night Football game. The other two televisions was airing the ALCS but at the same time NLDS series was happening. But not shown on one of their 12 television screen. Basically, I asked (kindly) to the waiter if you can switch to the NLDS baseball on one of the tv's since you have 10 televisions airing the same Sunday Football game. He replied, he'll try. But in the end...nothing was done.
3	kiddies you ain't got a lot of options here. Don't expect much and that's what you will get. They have egg whites and they got booze, so suck it up and be happy with that.t3 is terrible period. For food and looks.  The speed in which your bags come out and the congestion at the TSA scanners is the only thing it helped out.If you want to sit down and eat a meal in a restaurant, this is your only option.  It would get 1 star if you had other options.The whole other terminal is a debacle in my opinion, if you compare it to what JFK did to JetBlue like 5 years ago, this terminal is a JOKE.
1	Expensive and slow service... You're better off eating fast food or grab a snack and eat outside if you can wait. Even by airport standard this was low!
1	Salad was old and rotten and when we got our meal my wifes was cold and mine was Soggy, greasy and tasted horriable.. we sent everything back, and still paid $60 for a crappy meal. Great bar but DON'T EAT THERE!!!"
3	Woo hoo! Nothing like a mimosa in the Las Vegas airport before heading home...The ones at Las Vegas Chophouse and Tavern inside the new McCarran terminal are a bit pricey at $12/each, but you get your own mini bottle of Korbel and a generous serving of OJ. Really, it's about a mimosa and a half per order. No food for us, sir. Just a drink and we're on our way.
2	Look, it's airport food. And, as a visitor, a meal you have while you nurse a hangover.But if you stick to simple menu items -- Like, say, a caesar salad with grilled salmon, dressing on the side (lest they drown it like on mine), ordered alongside a beer -- you'll have a serviceable time.(When I say beer, stick with beer. Soda comes from an ill-adjusted fountain, is served with excessive ice, and refills are not forthcoming.)Safe travels.
5	I ate here a while ago on my way to Denver. I was a pleasantly surprised to find this place in the airport here in Vegas as I have been in Denver before. I have been a couple of times since thenThe atmosphere is very nice, clean, beautiful decor, comfy seats and good vibe. Food was really great. Had the onion soup with Gruyere cheese. The chicken Chop Salad, classic but larger than most and quite hearty. The rib sandwich is actually one of the best you'll ever have. Seriously WOW. Really tasty. My server talked me into a steak one of the times and I really enjoyed it. Who knew you could get a great steak dinner and beer (or wine if you so choose) in an airport? They have a decent selection of draft beers... Bud, Budlight, Sierra Nevada, Sin City IPA, Sam Adams, Stella Artois and Blue Moon. Not bad for an airport. Service was great over all. Had to wait to get a seat but the place was very busy and seemed short staffed. Ruth was my server.. she was outstanding. Couldn't believe she could handle so many people at the same time and be personable and kind to each one. Then I find out she works the place with her sister Sarah who also stopped by to say "hi", she was running the other half of the restaurant. Being all from Denver originally, we had a lot to talk about. They both seemed to me as top of the line servers who knew their stuff and cared about each guest. I was very impressed. Seriously, if you go, ask for Sarah or Ruth and they will make sure you have a good experience. A++ to them. I met two managers, Lisa, and Ana during my visits. Both were excellent and I could tell they were doing a great job running this joint. I saw them busing and behind the bar and all over.
4	Bartender was quick and nice. Told us to try the grilled portobello mushroom. Awesome!  Great place for a quick snack and a drink before you get on your flight.
4	This place had just recently added a breakfast menu to their repertoire and of that I am a big fan.  I had a delicious breakfast burrito which I ate ravenously and enjoyed every minute of.  I also downed a lot of coffee.  I thought for being in an airport that this place was really good.  I can't give it 5 stars because that statement was qualified but still.
1	I'm from LA, and after a whirlwind trip in Vegas, it was time to go home. So me and my friends arrived to the airport a little early and had some time to kill. We decided to grab a bite at the many options McCarren airport had to offer. After vetoing options like Burger King, we thought the Las Vegas Chophouse & Brewery would be a great place to dine. We were wrong. Big time.The decor of the inside seemed more modern and chic compared to other airport establishments. But looks can be deceiving. Upon arriving, we decided to sit at the bar. Realizing that it was a bit noisy inside, we asked the hostess if we could sit outside. But upon asking, I didnt realize I asked her to give me a side of attitude. She couldnt have been more rude about it. It was bad enough she wasnt friendly when greeting us.Steak salad and salmon burger. SimpleOur waiter arrived within 15 minutes and took our order. Nearly 20-25 minutes later, our food arrives. And there is already a problem: not even what I ordered. Apparently my friends orders were taken in correctly, but mine was not. The waiter proceeds to ask which one of us ordered the chicken salad. Really? Cant remember that i asked for the steak medium rare? I told him it wasnt our order, and he left in a huff. He probably thought i was wrong because when he returned, he was oddly more friendly than before. Not that he was friendly to begin with.My salad arrives to abysmal standards. Steak was cooked medium rare but there was no flavor and the outside seem really dried. Like it was popped in the microwave prior to coming outside. It was also served in a metal salad tossing bowl. It was rather unattractive. But these arent the worst parts. The worst part was the dressing. What drew me to ordering the damn salad was the description of the salad dressing. The minute the dressing hit my tongue, all I could think of was BOTTLED dressing. And thats all i could think about for the 20-30 minutes of eating the whole damn thing. I kept telling my friends what a crap hole the place was with the unfriendly service and bad food. I also mentioned that we will never ever come here again and that Burger King would have made been a better meal. Hell, at least their service is more top notch than this crap hole.  The salmon burger was mediocre at best. Rather dry and unflavored. Fries were terrible as they seemed to be sitting out and tasted ultra mushy. Both priced oddly high for the quality of food. I would rather spend that money on supermarket sushi.Another thing that bugged me was our waiter had to rush us to pay because he was getting off the clock soon. Thats not my problem. Bad enough you give us unfriendly, unsatisfactory service, terrible food and now this? Really? He even tried to make a joke which bombed badly. That was just it for me.All in all, DONT COME HERE. Really folks. Go have lunch at 360 Gourmet Burrito, Auntie Anne's, Baja Fresh Express, Big Al's Chicago Deli, Blue Burrito Grille, Bud 29 Track Lounge, Burger King, Burke In The Box, California Pizza Kitchen, Carl's Jr., Carvel Ice Cream, Cinnabon, Cocktails, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Corcoran's Irish Pub, Dewar's Clubhouse, Don Alejandro's Texan Grill, Eistein Bros. Bagels, Flatbreadz, Fox Sports Sky Box, Fresh Attractions, Fresh Market on the go, Freshens Frozen Smoothie Company, Home Turf Sports Bar & Grill, Jamba Juice, Jersey Mike's Subs, Jody Maroni's Sausage Kingdom, Jose Cuervo Tequileria, Juice Express, La Tapenade Mediterranean Cafe, Lucky Streak Lounge, Moe's Southwest Grill, Mrs. Fields, Nathan's Famous, Pei Wei Asian Diner, Pizza Hut Express, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Port Of Subs, PretzelMaker, Quiznos Sub, Ruby's Dinette, Sammy's Beach Bar & Grill, Sbarro Fresh Italian Cooking, Starbucks Coffee, TCBY, The B Lounge, The Great American Bagel & Bakery, Vienna Beef, Villa Fresh Italian Kitchen, Village Pub, Wendy's, or Wolfgang Puck Express. Please take my review into serious consideration folks!find some of these pics and other amazing eats on my Instagram. @dentalgaymer
2	Bartenders were a bit inattentive. Fries were tepid and limp. Prime rib on sandwich was tough. Pickle that came with it was scrawny and wilted. Upside, food came quickly.This outlet reflects poorly on the original in Denver. And being an airport is no excuse: the outlet at the Denver airport does it right.
4	The Bartender's made this visit fun.  Located in the Flamingo Hotel on the strip, it's an old-style bar and the drinks are good.
4	Hungry in the airport?This place was perrrrrfect!  Great service, awesome atmosphere, terrific food!Modern paintings of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. on the walls with the music to match.Had the delicious salmon caesar salad.  Lovely thick grilled piece of fish cooked medium, seasoned, on a bed of romaine covered with long shavings of parmesan.Husbo had steak sandwich on baguette with the slaw side.  He enjoyed both. The slaw had no cabbage in it but was julienned zucchini, carrots and red peppers in a vinaigrette. Fresh!Another in our party had the Reuben sandwich and it was so beautiful I wish I had taken a photo.  The food was so outstanding I was excited to see what they had for dessert.Alas, all they had was New York Cheesecake, Hagen Das Vanilla ice cream or a raspberry sorbet. Nah. P.S.  The wine starts at $11 a glass.  Keeps people from drinking and getting rowdy on the airplane I guess.  :)
2	Friendly service, but food tasteless. No dressing on coleslaw, tasteless spinach, even after redoing.
4	The Tenderloin Salad was very good.  It has a nice atmosphere, but a bit too loud in terms of the music being piped in.  The lack of a dinner roll to go along with a $17 salad is not acceptable.  Service was good.
1	The service was extremely slow. It took 45 minutes to get our order, and then the Ruben sandwich that I ordered was completely soggy and not edible. The coffee was old and even had a layer of oil on the top, which is a sign of coffee being old. Chicken Caesar salad was also marginal, because the chicken was so dry it was like eating dust.
3	Portions and food prices aren't bad if you're hungry at the airport. I really enjoyed the Ruben -- great rye bread and a good heaping of yummy pastrami.
1	Holy shit. $16 for a cocktail, and the price isn't listed on the menu because "they change seasonally." I ordered a $13 sandwich and three bloody Marys and got nailed with a $70 check. I will NOT be going here again. The sandwich was fine, and the cocktails were pretty good, but I don't support businesses that run alcohol rackets.
4	Sometimes you catch the early flight home from San Diego and a couple of nude people jump out of your bathroom blindfolded like a g**damn magic show ready to double team your girlfriend. Sometimes you take the 2:20pm to JFK and find yourself looking for a place to eat in the airport bc your flight is delayed for 90 min. It's all relative and disappointing. I like to stay by the gate when there's a delay (always hoping for the 'just kidding! Come on board!) and luckily right across from gate E8 in T3 there's this gem, the LV Chophouse & Brewery. First off, why they call themselves a brewery I have no idea, bc there is no way they make any beer here. Having 6 taps DOES NOT qualify you as being a brewery. Any who, the place is clean and looks classy (for an airport) so I took the plunge. I sat at the bar thinking I could enjoy the TV's they have lining the upper portion of the bar, however when you sit at the bar you can't actually see them. Weird. Lame. Where exactly are you supposed to watch the game from? The plane? Disappointed, I ordered a reuben ($13 with side) and a Kona ($10, 22oz) and made some chit chat with the bartender. Really nice dude named Steve-o (really). The food was solid (airport expectations) and the beer was cold. Win. For $25, I've had WAY worse meals while waiting for a flight. This might be the best dining choice in T3.
1	how the heck are you supposed to sit at the bar and watch the tv above you. they should be under the bar.
5	David is an exceptional talent and enhanced my dining experience with pairings and suggestions. For an airport restaurant this place is fantastic. I'm a huge steakhouse person so I believe I can speak to quality, and my fillet and potato dinner was up there with some of the best.  Seriously shocked - who knew airport dining could be so pleasurable??!!
4	Strolling thru the airport and saw this place...sure beats Burger King for breakfast! Steve O at the bar does an awesome job. Pricey but classy and welcomed on a trip away
2	We had some time to kill before our flight and my husband wanted a proper breakfast. I craved a good cup of coffee. My husband ordered an omelet that came with a biscuit. It came with soggy toast instead. The waitress said they had run out of biscuits, then one mysteriously appeared.  The coffee was burnt and horrible .Instead of cream I was given a vanilla flavored creamer. I do not like vanilla flavor in my morning coffee. Fine if you do, but I want my coffee the way I want it - with cream. At $3.39 a cup it is not too much to ask. They had obviously run out of cutlery as we were given plastic knives. I'll go somewhere else next time. Too pricey for the quality of food. Our server was very pleasant.
5	Great Service Elton's the rockstar bartender  the Brewers Breakfast is top Shelf excellent hospitality & service
1	So we went here because we showed up early for a flight and it was the only place with sports playing. They were serving breakfast and it was pretty pricey and not very good. It tasted like frozen food lol. I don't even understand why it took so long to get the food out. I've had steaks come to me faster than this. So don't even bother ordering good here unless you feel like getting ripped off. Our server was absolutely horrible and hates her job. She kept saying how she was bringing us waters but not all of is got waters. She was two out of three on the waters. Everyone else was getting good service, so I'm sorry for such a poor review, but you're only as good as your weakest link. Goodbye.
5	I was hesitant after seeing the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised however. Service was great. Food was very good. Sara the waitress was very helpful. She made recommendations and helped with a custom request.Burger , rueben, honey chicken sandwich.
2	Chicken piccata was disappointing. Bland, low quality chicken and only $22! A 20 oz beer for $10.50 wasn't much if a deal either.
4	For a place to get some quick service, food and beer before flight this is definitely 4-stars within the confines of the airport.  We arrived with just 35 minutes before boarding, sat at the bar and got prompt service.   I mentioned we wanted a beer before the flight and the bartender said "We're in the right place".  He asked if we wanted some food and I asked, "Is there time?".  He said, "No problem for a few appetizers and will place the order immediately".Well, we got some chicken tenders and onion soup that was pretty good for at the airport.  I would come here again and my tip is to ignore the "Wait to be seated" sign and just walk directly to the bar and sit down.
4	For airport food, it was pretty decent! I liked their beer selections, too bad we didn't have enough time to have more. Hubby had fried calamari, he liked it a lot, I had marinated Portobello mushroom sandwich, without pesto mayo, it was the only vegan choice, and it was so delicious, loved the mushroom, tender and flavorful! The draft beer was so tasty too. Service was fast and friendly!
3	I have had the the crab cake before and it's pretty good.  Got the chicken tenders this time, but they were not moist.  Service at the bar was ok, but there was a LOT of loud voices/laughing in the back and the hostess was difficult to locate...and it was dinner time.
4	For airport food this place is great. I love the prime rib sandwich. Cooked amazingly well with a side of green beans that are perfect and crispy. You can eat them jut like fries.
4	The individual that waited on us, Sara, was fabulous and the food was pretty good for airport fare.  Great place to recharge and get a good bite.
1	If you plan on getting a bite to eat here, but need to catch a flight in the next 2 hours, don't stop. The service was incredibly slow, with several tables open, no one was being seated. Upon getting a table it took 26 minutes for a waitress to approach us. Another 12 minutes to get our drinks, and lunch (two salads, a sandwich, and burger) took 30 minutes. The wait was not worth mediocre airport food. Entirely disappointed.
2	The service was sooooo slow, and once we finally got our meal we had to scarf it down in fear we might be late for our flight.   The food was not even piping hot or freshly made, it just seemed like they piled on food to our plates that were already made in bulk, cafeteria style.  Not sure why that would have taken so long either.  With the other restaurants and food establishments to pick from at this airport,  I wouldn't recommend this place unless its your last resort.
4	Much better than average airport grub.Steak sandwich with potato side and large Sam Adams Brewski, $30 with tax and tip.Would return.If you think this review with photo is useful, funny or cool, I'd appreciate ur feedback by clicking below.
4	Arrived at the airport early and needed some food before my flight.  I was dreading the typical airport food.  One look at the Chophouse menu and it had a ray of light.  Sat down and ordered a Kona Longboard which was on draft.Started with the crab cake, which they list as jumbo and is no joke.  Not the best crab cake, and overpriced but was good none the less.  Then I tried the Chicago style blackened prime rib sandwich.  Wow, this was shocking, the prime rib was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The roll they served it on had just the right amount of crunch.  For my side I chose asparagus which was ok, but I'm kind of picky when it comes to my greens.
3	We had a long wait at the Vegas airport when we were getting ready to leave. This is mostly due to the 11:00 check out time of hotels, and that we had a 1:45 flight. After having an amusing conversation with our cab driver (who after he found out he had a gay couple in his taxi regaled us with stories of growing up in San Francisco and how he had a fun night with a young Hispanic man who picked him up the previous Friday) and getting through security, we needed a place to have lunch. Since we had a lot of time, we opted to dine in at the Las Vegas Chophouse and Brewery.We started with Bloody Marys (because we're still technically in Vegas, right?) and I ordered the reuben and the other half had a burger. The Bloody Mary was tasty and spicy and had quite a bit of garnish which is always pleasant. The food was pretty standard for a place like this, my reuben was a bit soggy underneath and the other half's burger was massive (with a weirdly tiny bun). The fries were alright.So yeah, alright all around. Nothing special, but it beats most of the crappy airport food you're likely to get somewhere. Plus if you have time, nothing beats sitting around and drinking cocktails before getting on your plane. You may be leaving Las Vegas, but it doesn't mean you still can't party like you're there.
4	Update!!Bless you LVCB! After reading my previous review, they've installed TVs on the inside of the bar, so you can see them when you're sitting on a bar stool. OK, fine, it might not have been because of my review, but it's a welcome addition nonetheless.While the 'brewery' name is still puzzling, you can't hate on their rotating taps, including local Sin City brews. To change things up from my usual order, I scooped up a turkey club and an order of buffalo shrimp. The club sandwich is built well, meaning it's not one bite bacon, one bite turkey, 17 parts bread. There's a nice arrangement of the BLTT staples along with a pesto mayo that should quell your fears about eating a dry turkey sammie. Great sandwich! The buffalo shrimp was also solid. It wasn't a basket of nasty little fried shrimp in a greasy sauce, it was 6 large fried shrimp with buffalo sauce drizzled over it. The two sound similar, but the execution here is key and if your stomach has some sort of vote as to what you put it it, it would def rock this arrangement on it's ticket (did I really just write that?). Anyway, this is still the best option in T3.
1	Service was so bad, I never got the opportunity to order a drink much less food. To bad, it actually looked good.
3	So I was not impressed with the breakfast here. The food was descent but the service was lacking to say the least. It was the best option we had at the airport. I choose the Brewers Breakfast and it included 3 eggs any style and bacon or sausage and potatoes. It was good for airport food. The Las Vegas airport is pretty small with not a lot of choices. So it's by far the best choice for food.
5	My friend and I started our Vegas trip out here..yes at the airport! We were on the look out for our honorary first fireball shot to the get Vegas started off right and we found it right outside our gate. The hostess was super friendly and when we went to the bar the bartender was equally nice! They had our drink and we ended up staying and chit chatting with her and the other patrons. It was a great way to start our trip off right. Friendly service goes a long way.
4	Great for an airport restaurant. Prompt service and enjoyable selections. Comfortable setting to have a beer and watch the game or eat dinner and catch-up on emails.
4	For being airport food, I was surprisingly impressed. I ordered the crabcake entree which came with 2 sides. The crab cakes were a pretty good size and I ordered broccoli and their "chop chop" salad which was DELIGHTFUL. The alternative would have been caesar, and I'm so glad I got the chop chop instead. It had beans and corn and pumpkin seeds over greens and turkey. So yummy! It was such a hefty portion that by the time my actual entree came out,I only ate half of one (2 were given) crab cake. The sauce they serve it with is delicious and it also comes with a side of some cold corn salad type thing. Not sure what was in it, but it definitely had grilled corn and chopped cucumbers. For $29, I thought it was pretty worth it. Good food, quick service to make sure we boarded our flight on time, and decent prices. I would definitely stop in here again next time I'm waiting for a flight out of Vegas. Yum!
3	it is the best place in new terminal 3 but that isn't saying much the Salads are really good but not worth $15 even if in a airport.
4	This was the first pub we saw as we headed toward our Alaska Airlines gate during World Cup so we walked in and popped down in front of the bar which had about 6 TVs visible - perfect! Service was awesome, the guys behind the bar will definitely take great care of you, and the food was great as well. My friends and I were stuffed before we got there but still managed to grab a few drinks along with some string beans, asparagus, cheese cake, and ice cream (hey, we were on vacay!) After all that, we were REALLY stuffed, and then noticed that patrons around us ordered the calamari which looked bomb, so I'd recommend that even though I didn't try it, cuz I know my calamari by sight and am confident enough in my abilities to make such a recommendation.
3	For a restaurant at an airport, it wasn't half bad! We had the yummy calamari, I had a mimosa, my friend had wine. The staff was friendly and upbeat, so I would go there again.
2	Prime rib burrito was disappointing...too much fat and flavorless...server was rushed and short with many guests but manager did a good job at making up for the lacking quality.
3	I don't usually do reviews while still dining, but hey, I have time to spare before my flight. This place gets 3 stars for the food and good pour on the drinks. I got the half club half Caesar salad. It was good. I have to say the service could have been better. My waitress, Adele must have confused me with Casper. I retrieved my own napkins because she neglected to bring any and then says "I could've done that for you." - Yes, you could have, but I would probably be in the sky by then. She asked everyone seated around me if they would like their full glasses of water refilled, while mine was empty. Made conversation with everyone and was super accommodating. Eventually I spoke up and then she became more attentive, blaming it on it being "so busy". Eh. Ok.
2	Had lunch on the way back to la. Chicken tenders were super dry and my sandwich was plain Jane and chopped salad was just fine. Cafeteria food.
3	Food is great. Good service. But when you work in a tip based job thick Asian chick by E-14. Be nice. How rude! Wasn't hitting on you girl. Making conversation until my flight leaves.  Just walk off when I am talking to you?  How frigging Rude!!!! Try somewhere else or avoid her. Burger did Rock though. ...
5	Excellent food and wine.  Waiter Pedro was amazing.  Service was fast and I could not believe this was airport food.   It was hot fresh and delicious with generous portions.  We'll be coming back.
5	I wanted some sort of steak and this place delivered!  We stopped here as it was one of the few restaurants compared to fast food, and it looked nice from the outside.We were quickly greeted and seated by a friendly hostess. Our server was warren, and he was very nice and very prompt :)I ordered the tenderloin tips and mushrooms with the chop chop salad and a baked potato. The chop chop salad was delicious-- walnuts, blueberries, avocado, pumpkin seeds, tomato, cheese, chickpeas and smoked turkey in a balsamic dressing. The tenderloin was a bit sweet for my liking but the server was quick to grab some steak sauce which made it perfect for me. My husband had a cheeseburger and fries, he said it was delicious and however they cooked the bun (buttered, grilled, whatevs) was great.We would definitely recommend this as a place to stop off for a nicer meal. It did have the dollar signs attached to it ($55 for the two of us-- 1 beer included) but the food and service was worth it.
2	Vegas, and have always had relatively good experiences until this recent visit.Our server was just plain rude. Her name was either Adele or Adeline, unfortunately my memory is failing me at the moment. Right off the bat, she brought us water which was nice, but never offered anything else to drink. The first time she asked to take our order. I said to my husband, "Are you ready?" and before I could finish my sentence, she cut me off by saying:  "I have other tables so I've gotta keep moving." Ok then. I noticed she didn't mind spending time at other people's tables conversing with them. I got the vibe she thought we were younger than we are (early 30's) and probably not worth her time since we may not tip well, which is a ridiculous assumption since age doesn't equate to poor tipping etiquette.She did come back to take our orders a few minutes after that. I had the chicken chopped salad (awesome) and my husband had the BBQ bacon burger (he found it quite dry, likely because she never bothered to ask how he'd like his burger done. Since we are Canadian and don't typically get the option given to us, he didn't think much of it until we read "well done" on the bill.). She never once came around to ask us how the meal was, which was kind of appalling. The restaurant wasn't overly busy, and she walked right by at least a handful of times. She never once offered us refills on our water or inquired to see if we needed anything else. I am not a picky person and generally as long as a server is nice and makes an attempt to be attentive, I'm happy. I always tip generously for good service.In this case, our dining experience was totally ruined by her horrible service! Awful
1	Food is just OK and not worth the price. The salad comes with smoked Gouda and they charged me 1.99 because I asked for it on the side. Server was horrible.
4	The server was knowledgable about the menu and suggested a dinner that was delicious and in my price range. I had the Buffalo sauce shrimp and a side Cesar. Wonderful dinner!
4	Pretty darn good and our service was great.  I had the Bacon Cheeseburger and my wife had the chicken sandwich.   Review would have been 5 stars but 2 beers are $19!!!!!.  Total ripoff......but you are at the airport so think of what is reasonable and double it.
