5	When I first moved to Charlotte in 1996 Morton's was the best restaurant in town.  Since then alot more restaurants have opened up.  I no longer live in Charlotte and I have ate at other Morton's but the Charlotte one is still the best.I am not really sure what sets it apart.  No matter what city I am in Morton's is always the best place for Steak.  I have been to other places like the Palm (in Charlotte and NY) and I always feel rushed. Morton's makes dining out an experience and it is always fun. The menu presentation is always a  highlight.  I once had a Christmas party for my team in one of the rooms. We had a great time and the staff treated us very well.Do not fall into the trap of ordering the dessert before you get dinner.   This is a rookie mistake.   If you want dessert after your meal there are still plenty of options and I think they are better than the warm Godiva popup that is suggested at the begining of the meal.
2	The queen of the bloated corporate steakhouses!  Save your money.....find a local street vendor.....and buy tickets to whatever is at the Blumenthal!!
4	My husband and I went to Morton's couple months ago. We just came back from our anniversary trip. It was late at night, we were tired and starving after a long flight. We decided to top our anniversary with a visit to Morton's.We both got steaks (I took the fillet mignon). They were really, really good. The sides were so-so. We skipped desert and got coffee instead.The ambiance was very relaxing, subdued and quite intimate. It helped there were only 3 other tables being served that late at night. I was very pleased with the service. Attentive, knowledgeable and witty.As expected the tab was pricey, around $100 (dinner for 2, two rounds of drinks and coffee) but was worth it as an anniversary gift. I wouldn't go there for a regular dinner.
5	Romantic atmosphere.  Great service.  Excellent cajun ribeye steak.
2	Yawn.I've eaten 2 meals at mortons and honestly - I can do better at home. Sure the food was good - but dropping $100+ dollars and not being thoroughly impressed isn't my idea of great value.Save you're $ go buy a steak and a $20 bottle of wine at the Harris Teeter and fire up your grill - you'll pay 30 bucks and have just as good of a meal.
3	Went to Mortons for my birthday, great place if you like to eat red meat which I dont. I had the Lamb Chops and Veggies. Food was excellent, price was a little on the high side. The whole food presentation, and service really didn't justify anything for me. Although it is really nice inside, and the valet service was a bonus.
4	There is nothing wrong with this place, in fact, it is superb.. that being said.. the real value in Morton's is the quality of the meats and seafood.. the experience is similar to Ruth's Chris or Sullivan's or Del Frisco, but the freshness of the goods was just the slightest bit better..  they bring you the cuts and live lobster table side and show you the raw/live meat.. I have to say that having seen Michael Jordan at Del Frisco and Yao Ming at Morton's... the other value is seeing famous people in Charlotte. If you want the ultimate steak..  and have the money to spend.. go for it, but if you are just looking for a nice place to take someone special this one compares to it's slightly less expensive brothers...
4	It was the bar specials sign that gave me a craving for sliders while walking home from work one night.  My husband and I went in for Cheeseburger sliders and Petite Filet  Mignon sandwiches.  Combine this with the drink specials and you have a winning combination.The bar area is cozy and separated from the main dining area in it's own room.  The dark wood and warm colors make it an inviting place for a small bite (though portions were a meal size for me).  There are a couple tables, a few high tops and a decent amount of seating at the bar.
5	Since I'm on a chain review bender today, I need to add Morton's. I love Morton's, always will, and I have no doubt it will always be 5 stars for me. Yeah it's expensive, yeah it can be stuffy, but I don't care...the food is so PURE, that I will be a customer for life (ha). They've got some cheap eats in the bar and a nice TV area to watch some games too over a $15 martini :) The Filet is awesome, as are the button mushrooms, which I had on my recent visit. The souffles are awesome and it's the best molten lava cake in town. Oh Morton's how I love thee :)
3	This review concerns only Morton's happy hour menu, which they call the "power hour" menu.The food selections are quite tasty, at least the two dishes that we had were.  We ordered the trio of crab cake BLTs, and they were very fresh and well prepared.  We also had the blue cheese fries, which were exactly as you would imagine from the description.The fries were $5 and the crab cakes were $6.  Decent deals.The "power hour" drink specials are nothing to write home about.  They have three beers available by the bottle: Sam Adams, Budweiser, and Bud Light.  Each goes for $5/bottle.  That's actually the steepest price I've seen in Charlotte for a 12 oz. bottle of anything.So, nice atmosphere, good food, kinda expensive for a happy hour, but maybe go once to check it out.  Otherwise, if you're looking for the same type of vibe for a bit less money, check out the happy hour at McCormick & Schmick's.
4	Yes, Morty's is a chain. Yes, I still love it dearly. Yes, I wish it were less expensive. It also reminds me of my time in the Windy City...so I'm probably a bit biased.They do, however, have a great bar menu with $5-$6 bar bites all day, every day except Saturday. Those are indeed quite the deal!What I love from Morton's:The staff: The servers, hosts and bartenders are extremely well-educated around their menu and offerings. Plus they are really in tune to ensure you have a great experience.The environment: Old school steak house. Dark, oiled wood. Not super duper loud. Modern speakeasy, so to speak! Filet mignon: Durr. Delicious. Perfectly cooked. Always.Any type of potato: Really, any kind. I have yet to find a tater that I don't love here.Morton's coffee: A delicious, alcoholic concoction that is just damn delightful. It's $8 but they also put real whipped cream on top...it's like a lovely dessert in a cup.Lava cake: The best chocolate lava cake in Charlotte. Sorry. It is. Large, chocolatey & gooey with a honking scoop of vanilla and a smattering of fresh raspberries. I can't even finish it. I'm looking forward to pulling up to bar and hammering through some of their delicious and affordable bar bites...soon....very soon.
4	WOW. Considering I'm a vegetarian and this is a steakhouse, it was strange that I had lunch at Morton's yesterday. The only reason I went was b/c they were hosting a Women's Luncheon, and I wanted to attend that, but I didn't think they would have anything that I could actually eat or would like. It feels even stranger to say that they did and it was good! Morton's exceeded my expectations by quite a lot. First of all, Krista, their Sales & Mktng Manager, was incredibly accommodating. I emailed her ahead of time to see if they had a meatless option, and she was great about writing back quickly and gave me the alternative course, which was fully vegetarian, and even asked for confirmation if it would work. I said yes, and it did. The fist plate they served was a delicious deviled egg salad (they made sure I wasn't vegan before bringing this out). It was HUGE and very good. The serving size was actually enough to split between four people! The deviled eggs were diced into mini cubes and really nicely evenly spread throughout the salad. I loved the dressing too, though I'm not sure exactly what it was. I think it was ranch. The main course was another gigantic plate. It was filled with broccoli, sauteed spinach, mushrooms, and grilled tomatoes. To look at, it was not that special, but the sauce that was added to all the vegetables was mouthwatering and made a plate of vegetables taste amazing. I also was served a ginormous bowl of mashed potatoes (also yummilious!). By the time dessert was ready, I was absolutely stuffed. I asked for my cheesecake to go and shared it with my parents when we had dinner. The portion was so large and it was soo rich that even though we split it three ways, it was still filling! The staff was very professional and the place was nice. I'm surprised to say I wouldn't mind going back.
5	BOOM! - Nailed that 5 star rating!Started with fresh onion bread, warm and crumbly then moved on to lobster soup. After they brought out the food sample tray, with live lobster winking at me saying "please put me out of my misery! I can't stand my roomates anymore!", I decided instead on the Filet Mignon with a side of Asparagus. Sorry lobster, hang in there!Absolutely perfect. Excellent service!Will keep coming back!
5	I would absolutely recommend Morton's - even during Charlotte Restaurant Week / Queen's Feast!I went here during restaurant week for my boyfriend's birthday - the service was simply outstanding!!Despite it being busy due to restaurant week, our reservation was honored and table was ready promptly. The service staff really made the evening special by letting us take our time in between courses, turning our dessert course into a birthday dessert, and taking and printing a photo of the two of us at dinner to remember the meal.The food, of course, was great. The prices and menu offering during restaurant week is a steal! Make sure to make your reservation early because I'm sure the spots fill up quickly here.
5	What can one say about Morton's other than bring a fat wallet and prepare yourself for a steak dinner as it should be.   Properly aged and cooked prime beef in monstrous proportions.  Supremely huge and good sides. Was that a football or a baked potato?  Stellar if a bit snooty service. It's all here. It's a chain but a damn good one...
5	5+ stars!  And this coming from a girl who "does not" eat steak!  The seafood is outstanding.  Shrimp Alexander is divine, Crab cakes are heavenly and the molten hot chocolate cake is to die for!!!My husband thoroughly enjoys the steaks each and every time we go.  YUM!
2	I'm sorry but what is the big deal?!? I can get great steak for a lot less $$. And everything is ala carte! No way. I was not impressed by anything here. Ruth's Chris is better! But quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments.
5	Awesome bar menu in town!
4	saying this place is very, very good is not giving it justice.  it is not as good as capital grille, but man is it close. again , bring 300 bucks, if you cannot afford it, don;'t go.  go to longhorns.
5	I was looking for a great steakhouse in Charlotte! I know longer have to look any further. Between the delicious anniversary steak dinner and the best wait staff; Morton's is my favorite place.
5	I have been to 22 Morton's Steak Houses around the country and the Charlotte Trade St. location is phenomenal.  The service and hospitality were great.  It was a positive and memorable experience. The filet's and rib eye are great, but next time try the prime rib.  Succulent and perfect!  Try a bottle of Far Niente Cabernet with this- WOW!
3	Even though the new york strip I had was thick and juicy, it had no flavor. The baked potato was huge and good but the best thing about the whole evening was that molten godiva chocolate cake. WOW!!!!! Have to order it when you are seated as it takes about your whole meal to prepare as it is cooked to order. I warn you. This is awesomeness at its best.
3	I really don't see the big deal about this place.  I ordered my first $47.00 fillet mignon and I was eager to see if it really was that much better than what you would get at Outback Steakhouse.  It was  better but not proportionately better than what you would pay at Outback.  We had a 9:00PM reservation and they told us to wait in the bar and they would come and get us when the table was ready.  We waited about 15 minuets and saw tables empty and then we went and asked if our table ready.  So I think they forgot about us.  We ordered the chopped salad for $10.00 and it was nothing special, my wife ordered the salmon which was not as good as I could cook on the grill at home.  The New York Cheesecake for desert was no better than anything I would buy in a grocery store.  I guess if I am going to drop $150.00 for dinner I expect outstanding food and service.  Neither of which I think we received.  Next time I want a good steak I think we will save about $80.00 and go to Outback and probably leave more satisfied.
4	Great for private dining events and the steaks are out of this world.  The service, as usual is way above average and the prices are too - but for a fancy treat occasionally, great place.  They do run daily happy hour specials for less expensive items and drinks, so stop in after work.  Valet is "free" like all places around town and it is convenient.
5	What can I say? This is beef euphoria in wine heaven! Always consistent , always delectable, always special treatment .
5	This was definitely a great experience and I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone. Although it was extremely pricy, you get what you're paying for. The food and service were unbelievable and while you're there, you feel like royalty. Definitely give this place two thumbs up!
5	I wish there were more stars to give this restaurant. My sisters and I gave my parents a 45th Wedding Anniversary with 20 guests. They took care of ALL of our wants and needs. The staff members are very nice. Everyone enjoyed themselves and it was a The food wad delicious. Great Night for everyone!!!!
5	This is my favorite steakhouse. There are many great steakhouses out there but Morton's is always consistent.  The ribeye is my favorite cut there.  They make them perfect.  The sides are good but the steaks are so big you may not have much room for them.  I also recommend either their French onion soup or their tomato salad as an appetizer.  Definitely can't leave without having their molten chocolate cake for dessert.  The drinks for the bar are good as well.  You can end up spending a small fortune here though.
4	A pretty good Morton's and your only option after the South Park location closed.  Located in the basement with lots of wood and leather.  Dinner in the bar area and the dining room a handful of times, and the service is stellar in both.  Last time I went in though (05/12), they were playing pop music instead of the old standby's and it was really odd, kind of ruined the mood.
5	So I went to Morton's on a "date night" with my mom after a coworker gave her a gift certificate.  She had been there before and told me to prepare myself for probably the best meal I will ever eat.  And as much as I hate to admit this ...........she was right.Like other reviewers had stated, valet parking is a must unless you know of a perfect hidden gem of a parking lot.The food.  Oh the food.  I was unsure what cut of steak to go with and my server recommended his favorite cut.  To be honest, I can't tell you what it was, but it was beautiful and perfectly cooked.  We ordered two sides to split.  The server told us that both of these are on their new menu which hadn't been printed yet by the time we were there.  One was a scalloped potato that was phenomenal.  But my favorite of the two sides was the creamed corn with tasso ham.  I was so enamored with it, I jotted down what was in it so I could try to replicate it at home!  Haven't tried to yet, and I'm sure my culinary prowess will get me CLOSE, but I would rather get it from Morton's.For dessert I HAD to go with the molten lava cake which is apparently their best dessert and for just cause.  It was incredible!  If only I weren't so full on my sensational steak and sides (pardon the alliteration!), I could have finished it all.  All in all, I WILL go back to Morton's, and I really really hope they have the creamed corn again!
2	We decided to change-up our Ruth's Chris experience with another high rated steakhouse. Just like any night out to dinner we dressed up with a nice top and jeans, which happened to be the wrong style for the hostess at Morton's. After checking in with the girl at the front an unnamed judgmental man who sat us at our table made a judgmental comment "Oh jeans I see..." making both my girlfriend and I uneasy and uncomfortable about the rest of our experience. The drinks were average and the steaks were good, but not fabulous. In fairness, our waiter was very friendly, though.Unfortunately, our friendly waiter was not enough to overcome our bad initial impression.  I expected better, especially at a nice restaurant like this.When people are attempting to come into your establishment and spend over $150 on dinner, you should do whatever you can to make them feel as comfortable as possible.  Now I am sure never to return back to Morton's and I tell everyone I know about my negative experience.
4	Fantastic steak. Gentlemen's club decor. Professional service. Valet parking. Expensive.
5	Salmon is amazing.   Sides were out of this world.  Service was top notch.   What can I say, the prices are very reasonable for the caliber of food and service.
4	I've been to a number of Morton's over the years and I've had consistently good food and service.  I had the bone-in ribeye and my wife had the sea bass tonight.  Both were excellent and cooked perfectly. Our server Victoria was very good and was attentive without being overbearing.  My only issue is that I shouldn't expect to see people in jeans and sweatshirts in a restaurant where I'm dropping $200+ for dinner for two. If Morton's wants to be viewed as a premium restaurant, they need to enforce a dress code.
3	Went to Mortons and the food was spot on. However, the service was not good. Waitress never checked on us, was not very farmiliar with menu. In the past the Wait staff was just as good at the food, but not this time. For the money spent we were highly disappointing.
2	For the price I was incredibly disappointed. My steak (medium rare) was totally over cooked. Our waitress forgot to place one of our side dishes so it came out when we were nearly done. Our waitress didn't offer any type of modifications for one of our gluten free diners and completely forgot the extra plates we asked for. The only shining items from our meal were the mashed potatoes and wine.
2	I recently dined here for my anniversary and was deeply disappointed by the service.  Placed in a high traffic area; dirty dishes left on table; drinks not re-filled; server  not familiar with menu and special pricing; Did not get order right; I have expressed my concerns to Landry's and to the restaurant directly, and have been ignored.  The service here does not match the high prices.
2	This was a terrible horrible experience this evening and I will never go to this Mortons again. I was sitting in the bar when a guy in dirty jeans and a t-shirt was so drunk at the bar he fell off his bar stool and I had to pick up the stools. I decided this situation was not going to get better so I left before ordering.  I walked out and phoned the manager and told him that I was upset that they served this guy until he was totally intoxicated and could not even walk out of there.  He apologized and asked me to come back as he was gone.  I walked up and he was still staggering around outside and I walked in.  Rich said he was sorry and I sat back at the bar and he wanted to buy me an appetizer and a drink and I said okay.  The bartender never came back to me to take my drink order.  I decided to leave and the manager was outside still trying to take care of the situation with the drunk with the police. He saw me leave and I shook his hand and said thanks anyway and I walk away and when all else fails HOOTERS makes a mean chicken wing but would of rather had my Filet and BroccoliOh Well
3	Typical Mortons nothing extraordinary about the food, but the staff was awesome and very friendly, if not it would have just been 2, maybe 2.5 stars
5	I've never had a bad meal at a Morton's and it doesn't seem to matter where you are in the US.  They all have the same feel inside, regardless of location and the food and service is always terrific.  I was there on business and as always, everything was perfect.
3	Good steak. Service was great. Speedy service requested and speedy service received... Would recommend if your looking for a decent steak  in the charlotte area..
3	For the price you pay at Mortons, you'd think the fish would be wild caught.  All the fish on their menu are Farm Raised.  "Wild Atlantic Salmon" is not wild, it's farm raised.  Shame on you Mortons for charging us premium pricing but delivering the same quality product I could get at the Captains Galley.
4	Always great atmosphere and food, had 3 lbs., lobster and porterhouse.
5	Best steakhouse in Charlotte! The steaks are so tender & juicy there is no substitute for that beef. I'm also very impressed with chefs that know how to cook a steak to order, every time. We have never been disappointed with anything we've ordered, entrees to side dishes or deserts. Its all high quality food and super delicious. Whenever my husband and I get to treat ourselves we always choose Morton's, we love it!
5	We ordered a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon from Raymond Vineyards designed especially for Morton's called primal cut and it was boldly delicious and perfect for the steaks we ordered.Superb aged four weeks steaks! My husband had the porterhouse and I had the NY strip both perfectly prepared medium rare! We ordered a side of mushrooms in au jus and they accompanied the steaks nicely.Before the steaks arrived they served fresh butter and a hot boule of bread that you could smell baking because of the scent of the toasted onion on top. We also shared the Morton's salad which is greens mixed with blue cheese dressing topped with egg and anchovies. All the portions are ginormous and so easily shared!My husband ordered the molten hot lava chocolate cake served with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce which was made to order and ordered when we ordered the steaks. It was divinely chocalatey! He also ordered a tawny port to end the meal. I had tastes and sips of both and they were delicious, and was too full to have my own!We enjoyed sitting together in the circular booth and talking and sharing a superb meal  made all the more pleasant with a wonderful waiter and maitre d'.
4	Here for a birthday dinner for my fiance and having been to a few other Morton locations I knew what I was in store for.  And that is delicious steaks, insane deserts and outstanding service.  At least those are the things I always walk away from the place remembering.This location is no different, great staff and comfortable atmosphere to relax with no rush to dining.The parking is pretty non existent here so I suggest valet.
5	My husband and I celebrated our 37'th wedding anniversary here last evening and we enjoyed everything from the food to the service!  We were warmly greeted and immediately shown to our table.  Our waitress Victoria was friendly, helpful and very attentive but not intrusive!  She went above and beyond to make sure our dinner was perfect.  My filet came out a bit over done and she recognized that and before I even realized she had the chef prepare another which came out quickly and cooked perfectly!!!  A lovely restaurant that we will dine at again!!!Definitely a five star experience!  Ask for Victoria!
5	The food and service was excellent. Our sever Tara was on point. She was very knowledge. The restaurant is going through some remodeling and it gives it a more modern look. I enjoy everything and will be back
2	Poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality. Nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive. I would recommend Capital Grille over Morton's.
5	best steak EVER  EVER  EVERcajun rib eye ......juicy .. tasteful .... cooked to perfectiongreat service after bad experience at McCormick & Schmick's ... it was completely the opposite hereCody was my server ... happy guy with outgoing personality .. attentive but not overbearing....the manager was exceptional .......pricey but well with itCody recommended the fresh spinach salad .. I'm not a salad guy but this was exceptional, diced salad and vinaigrette, chopped bacon, diced egg .....it was great!!if there are better steaks .... i'm truly scared to eat them.N -  JOY!
