2	Food: Okay. I had the chicken pho with rice noodles. Thats probably all I would order here since everything is does not look that great. Soup is flavorful though.Service: To be honest...horrible! The waiters are super slow. Theres always like one waiter for the whole place! Food took super long to come out and they messed up my order too.Location: Next to the Coffee shop in Treasure IslandAtmosphere: Okay, I get the Carrows vibe again.Price: Lunch is under $10, I believe dinner prices go way up.
3	I will give this place three stars, based on it's bahn mi sandwich, and Viet iced coffee.The presentation of the coffee is terrific- they bring you a small glass carafe and a tall glass of ice. The carafe has an inch of sweetened condensed milk in the bottom, and on top is a small metal contraption that is actually a mini french press. Push down on the plunger, and excellent, fresh-brewed, double strength Vietnamese coffee filters into the carafe. Mix the coffee with the condensed milk and pour it over the ice- yum! Very refreshing!The sandwich was excellent as well- a crispy roll stuffed with grilled marinated pork (I think they only offer pork), with julienned pickled veggies, cilantro, jalapenos, and mayo. The sandwich was not huge (it's on their appetizer menu), but with the coffee, made a nice, cool, flavorful meal. I don't like to stuff myself at restaurants anyway, unless I'm eating pizza.I can't comment on the pho, as I haven't tried it yet. I did try the chicken curry once, and it was so-so, several pieces of mystery chicken parts (butts?), in a generic sauce with only onions and potatoes. Not bad, but not good, either.While I was there, a large Viet family came in, and everyone ordered the same dish- the roasted 1/2 chicken with tomato rice. Maybe they know something about the pho!I can't believe this is the only Vietnamese restaurant on the strip- I don't think that situation will last. Meanwhile, this spot will do.Open late (it's VEGAS, baby!).I'd definitely come back here for a sandwich and iced coffee.
4	What the!!!???Good pho in Vegas, at Treasure Island no less!The Pho restaurant attached to the diner in TI was a nice alternative to everything fried. Obviously I have had better pho but this really was tasty although they are a little shady on the chicken.  I was happy to be eating something kinda plain and standard.  In short, it was the best eating experience of my stay in Vegas.  I do however have an abnormal affinity for soup.
2	I think the full name is Pho Vietnamese Restaurant at the Cafe (at Treasure Island). Claimed to be the only one on the strip. T.I. took their cafe/diner and split it in half to create Pho, to get with the emerging popularity of the dish or to attract more Asian clientel to gamble.  It has a sampling of Vietnamese dishes, like Pho Tai and Pho Ga (those are the only 2 Pho soups, no brisket, tendon, meatballs, etc) and a smattering of rice plates and other dishes. Expect to pay double for any of these dishes as you would pay in California in San Jose or Little Saigon. Desparate Pho lovers without a car who are staying at T.I. might eat here in a pinch. If you drove due west from T.I. about 2 long Vegas blocks on Spring Mountain and Valley View, you would have several Pho places to choose from (and Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Malaysian, Thai, etc.)  You could spend the extra cost charged at this place on Cab fair to eat at a real Vietnamese or Asian restaurant!
4	If I said you could get Vietnamese food on the Strip, you might nod and smile. If I said you could get GOOD Vietnamese food INSIDE a Strip casino, you might think I'm pulling your leg. Well that's exactly what Pho provides.As far as I can tell, the menu is traditional Vietnamese, lacking weird fusion menu items like banh mi with Kobe beef, or spring rolls with tartar sauce and a strawberry reduction. Their menu is overpriced as all hell (you're NOT getting your money's worth), but what do you expect in Vegas? Their prices don't stop hungry tourists from coming in, as the restaurant was far from empty.To start, we shared spring rolls and fried rolls as appetizers - both were okay. As a main dish, we all ordered Vietnamese hoagies (pho banh mi thit: weighing in at a crazy high $8.50 each). They were a tasty affair - the bread rolls were crispy, grilled meat delectable, overkill cilantro was in there, and hot green peppers too. I've had the pho before too, it's decent and you're given mint and bean sprouts on the side.Our server (Catalina) was helpful and friendly. When she brought over the shots of Hennessey (!) we ordered, were surprised to see generous portions of alcohol.Recommended. I would return (actually, I already have!), partially for the novelty, and definitely for the refreshing brunch of Vietnamese cuisine.
4	The only thing I could think of as I made my way through the casino to the guest elevators upon checking in at Treasure Island this past Thanksgiving and passed by a restaurant called "Pho at the Coffee Shop," little chopsticks crossed over one another as part of its logo:How... random.But I'm a lover of any and all Asian noodle in soup(s), so I knew it was just a matter of time before we ate there that trip. After me, my mom and sisters came back from Love at the Mirage (OMG!!! so good!) and my dad was done watching UH kick Boise State's ass in the room, we met up in the downstairs of T.I. for some pho.As the other reviewers discovered long before I, pho here is expensive as hell... twice the price of anywhere I'd go for good pho in SF, and not any more tasty (though not less either).The service was slow, but when we were finally served and my sister realized her order had peanuts in it (she's allergic), our waitress was ON that shit! She was extremely apologetic and quickly brought my sister out another bowl (it seemed quick to me, however i WAS already eating mine... sorry Kim).Other than that, my fam and I caught up over our noodles and a bottle of pinot noir (our waitress: "I'll be cracking open a bottle myself when I get home tonight!"). Though I'm sure there's better, CHEAPER Vietnamese right off the strip, you're paying for the convenience. And the pho is real pho. All in all, I was really happy to have it right in the hotel.
4	A friend of mine was sick and wanted soup for dinner.  He immediately thought of Pho, which was inside Treasure Island, the hotel that I was staying at.It was alright.  Limited menu selection.  Our waiter didn't refill our drinks as often as I would have liked.  I had curry chicken.  This was the first time, of any Asian dishes, that my chicken was not boneless.  So...more work for me.  Uh, Pho, bone-in chicken in a soupy dish...not a good combination...especially with a pair of chopsticks.
4	OMG! I can't believe there is only 1 review! I am Chinese, and my partner is Vietnamese and we first went to eat here with very low expectations. I mean, c'mon Vietnamese food at a Casino? How good can it REALLY be? Man! The food was FANTASTIC! I ordered the Beef Stew Rice Noodle Soup (Pho Bo Kho)  and my partner ordered the Chicken Rice Noodle Soup (Pho Ga). I absolutley LOVE BEEF STEW and this bowl was one of the BEST out there that I have tried. Yes, it was a little over priced, $10 for each bowl compared to $6.75 to local Vietnamese restaurants, but they need to charge that much for the decor and location. It was worth it. The Pho Ga both was very delicous too! And it had all the condiments a regular Vietnamese restaurant will have.  I can honestly believe they have Vietnamese chefs in the kitchen. Not like those other asian places where the chefs are not asians.Will go again! YUM!
4	I am no expert on Vietnamese quisine, but I enjoyed this food tremendously!   Sure, it costs a bit more than the restaurants that served Pho a few blocks down Spring Mountain (i.e. Chinatown), but I expected to when it's located in the comfortable, clean and convenient TI.  I spoke to the manager about the chef, and found out they were Vietnamese and had trained to prepare Pho for many years.  I don't understand the other review that suggested the food lacked flavor, mint leaves, etc. since what I ordered included everything, smelled wonderful and tasted even better.  Pho Restaurant is located "inside" The Coffee Shop, but has a separate entrance by the casino.  As I have found at most places inside TI, the service is very friendly and polite, and the decor is intimate and comfortable.  I would strongly recommend this to anyone looking for something a little different as long as you don't mind paying a couple of dollars more than the smaller, off-the-Strip restaurants.
3	Not too bad for being in a hotel rather than the middle of an Asian community. The place was perfect after a long night of drinking, however the price, was eh. For $10, you get a big bowl of Pho soup. If you were to compare the size to what you would normally get at an authentic Vietnamese restaurant, it's probably a size "large". They offer several Pho soups, obviously none of them offered the hard core tripe or cartilages like most Vietnamese restaurants. The closest thing was the rare steak which all of us ordered. We received our soups promptly and I must say, I was quite surprised by the amount of noodles and meat that was in there. It was a pretty descent sized serving of each. I enjoyed this place and would recommend this place especially since there isn't a nearby Pho place and I don't think it's open after midnight, either.
4	We had just walked out of the Mystere theater after the show and everyone was starving. We thought about looking for a "nicer" restaurant, but decided to give Pho a chance. I'm very glad we did! The pho was excellent (and I'm pretty picky.) A few of us got other dishes and everyone was impressed. The prices were higher than what I'm used to paying for Vietnamese, but still very reasonable considering it was Vegas and we were on the strip. I will definitely go back on my next visit.If you're expecting Americanized food, you won't get it. Surprisingly enough, this is the real deal. Go to the other half of the restaurant, which is the Coffee Shop, and you can get good, inexpensive diner-type fare.
4	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas this past weekend.  We like to try foods we like in different cities when we travel.  I read some yelp reviews so I decided to give this place a try.  My boyfriend ordered chicken pho and I got bun chay (vegetarian vermicelli noodles).I had a taste of his pho and the broth was good, I didn't expect much considering it's in Treasure Island.  It's not as flavorful as we normally have it back home, but it wasn't bland.  I know some cooks prefer to use less spice for chicken pho than beef pho to distinguish the taste.  I make chicken pho quite often at home and I use the same spices that's used in beef pho.  My preference I guess.They brought out a plate with basil, bean sprouts, limes and jalapeno peppers.  The basils had some bruising so the ugly leaves were discarded.  I know nothing compares to like being in California, we have very fresh herbs.  I think they tried to make up for the basils by giving my boyfriend 4 lime pieces and at least 10 jalapeno pepper slices.  Amazing.  As for my dish, it was good.  I've never had vegetarian bun before.  I got used to the mushroom in replacement for meats.  They brought out 2 sides of fish sauces for dipping.  YummmyThe vermicelli noodles were maybe a tad overcooked, I like elasticity with any noodles I eat.  I sometimes overcook my vermicelli noodles at home too so I can forgive them.  Honest mistake I guess.My dish was so big I couldn't even finish it.  I think I ate half.  I do not like wasting food one bit.  But you can't force yourself to eat.  Oh, and cafe sua da was $4.50 and my boyfriend got a few sips in.  It was very good however.Overall, I liked it.  I think it's good for what it is.  I know there must be better places in Vegas for pho but save yourself gas money or cab fare. The decor is so nice, clean, quiet, a surprising change for eating Vietnamese food.  I had a good time, try it, you might like it.Don't expect a big menu, it's VERY limited.It's a small place.Good luck!
4	Excellent restaurant.  This place is really great for tourists staying on the Strip!  The food is great, and surprisingly traditional Vietnamese.  The prices are a tad high for Vietnamese cuisine in general, but of course that's what you get for in a hotel restaurant, and I'd say for the portions, it's actually one of the better values in a hotel, barring the junk food at food courts (which Treasure Island doesn't even have, by the way).The servers I've had all three times I've been there are friendly, speak English, were attentive, and helpful.  Of course!  This is a Four Diamond hotel!   They're a little slow to get you the check, though, especially on busier nights.  They close at midnight on weekdays, and 3 am (!) on weekends.  Downside is, of course, the price.  One pork banh mi for $8?  There are still places in town that offer it under $3!  But once again, you pay for the convenience, the hours, and the excellent service.  Good place to go, especially for tourists without a car interested in breaking into Vietnamese cuisine.  Really makes the night with combined with Mystere!Get the iced coffee, it's excellent!
1	Only reason we ate here was that it was close to the Venetian and did not require walking. For a hangover, what sounds better than pho right? Well who ever expects to pay $60 for 4 bowls of pho and 4 Vietnamese iced coffees? Worst pho and coffee I have ever had. Even in a hungover stupor, will drive to Spring Mountain to eat authentic next time. Big mistake eating here.
4	if vegas over memorial day was simonster's version of hell, and getting home was heaven, then pho at TI was purgatory.i'm not usually a fan of pho or ramen.  why?  because it's not filling enough as a meal and it's too much work as an appetizer.  literally every time i've had pho or ramen as a meal, i was still so hungry i had to go eat a proper meal within minutes or my stomach threatened to implode.after driving out to vegas and eating greasy diner food on the way, all of us were ready for something a bit lighter and healthier before what we knew would be another super rich and heavy dinner at daniel baloud, so pho beckoned us like an oasis.how ironic that the best, most filling pho i've ever had would be in a casino in vegas!  there were seriously double if not triple the amount of noodles in the bowl as i've usually gotten, and my gal at the time generously donated half of hers as well.the cooked beef in my soup was super tender and amazingly plentiful too, so i actually got...dare i say it...FULL on pho!!!  usually i just see a couple forlorn pieces floating on the top and that's it.we all enjoyed our meals so much that first day, we actually came to pho again before we hit the road to brave the mother of all traffic jams on the way back to LA!now that i'm back, i dunno if i'm going to run out and order pho again, but i'll always treasure (no pun intended) my meals at pho in TI!
4	Wasn't expecting much, and was blown away. Spring rolls were great, veggie/mushroom pho was great, thai iced tea was great. Limited menu, but a big portion of good food (and free refills on the iced tea.)One criticism is that the spring rolls are listed as vegetarian on the menu, but shrimp is not a, uhm, vegetable. If I had been a traditional vegetarian I would have been upset, since you can't really see exactly what you're eating inside the wrapper.
2	Like myself, I'm sure a lot of people would like to enjoy a bowl of soupy noodles after a night of partying and drinking in Las Vegas.  Well, in that case, maybe the cost is worth it?But in general, mehh sorry, not my type of pho...  With that cost, I could get twice the amount and flavor at Pho LA, but then again, it's a restaurant in a hotel in Vegas...  Oh the spring rolls are too tiny for that cost, also, they have this funky herby flavor in them that I don't normally find in spring rolls at other Vietnamese restaurants.  Next time, I'm going to the Food Court.
2	I live in San Francisco with lots of REAL authentic vietnamese restaurants. This place was NOT acceptable. At the least, it didnt even had a "french" taste to it.. It taste like a beginner trying to imitate the beef broth. And for the price... NOT worth it. AND the white waitress tried to pronouce "bun thit nuong". I almost died in laughter.
2	7 lovely ladies who were hungry, grumpy, and dressed to impress ended up here ... LOL!!!So basically the back story to why we ended up here was that the day before we were approached to get a complimentary meal for 10 at Tao in the Venetian.  We get there only to find out that our comp meal was at Dos Caminos in the Palazzo.  After going back and forth ... back and forth and being now an hour late for our reservation we decided to go to Pho at the Coffee Shop.  We all thought it was hilarious because of all places around us we ended up here.My cousin Kim and I shared the Com Ga Roti which was basically cornish hen and red rice and the eggrolls.  The rice was good but the eggrolls was terrible.  The thai tea was a major rip off.  I can't believe we paid $4.50 for that.
5	I ended up coming here twice within a four day visit. The entrees come huge and are really cheap compared to other places on the strip. A friend and I both ordered the same things both times, and the food was consistent and tasty. I will definitely return when I come back to visit.
3	I'm Asian.  I eat Asian food all the time and would consider myself an Asian food expert.  If you're going to white-out Vietnamese food, make it fusion and run with it.  This place was alright.  I'd probably vote for "Noodles" at the Bellagio rather than this place but the food was edible and it was a clean environment.  It was A-OK.
1	The service was not good here. For some reason, our waitress wouldn't take drink orders or bring out refills. I think there was another person in charge of drinks. I had some vermicelli noodles with beef, which tasted good. My friend had what they called pho with shredded chicken... and got sick later. I'm no Las Vegas expert but I now know this is not the place to go.
4	Ate here twice this past weekend that I was in town. I liked it a lot. I think its one of the best deals in Las Vegas! Where else can you have an app and main course for 15 bucks a person on the strip (without it being fast food).The Pho broth is perfect, and I found it barely needed any of the side sauces.  I'm really surprised at the poor reviews. The service wasn't that bad, and the food great.Awesome deal!
2	Well, what did I expect at a pho place in a Las Vegas Casino? Nothing exciting, and nothing authentic, of course! I was correct. Overpriced pho ($10.25)! Wasn't a surprise, obviously. It tasted bland too. You can only pick one type of meat, which made it suck even more...Oh! The thai tea or iced Vietnamese coffee was $4.50 too!I ordered their bun with the sauteed beef ($10.50) that had nice crispy, shredded lemon grass in it. Other than that, the bun was bland. On top of the bland food, the utensils were filthy! Ewww...I first had some sort of curry splatter inside of my water cup near the top rim! Ewww...Then...I had some brown sticky stain on my fork! Double EWWW...They need to get a new dishwasher or something...Never eat pho here...unless you have no other choice...Btw, this place is located in the Treasure Island coffee shop...
3	When working long hours and being depleted by the smoke that permeates Las Vegas hotels, it is just easy to hit up the restaurants where you are staying. Especially those open on the later side. So as a matter of convenience, here I was at Pho.Now I went to school in SoCal and Westminister is a short drive away. I have Vietnamese friends who've taken me to some of the best Pho places around. So, to sum it up, I'm spoiled.I guess the combination of fatigue, smoke, a couple drinks, and not having eaten anything for eight hours all contributed. Because I scarfed down my Pho and it was pretty decent. Not mind blowing or excellent, but quick and easy. It comes with the standards, jalapenos, bean sprouts, mint, etc. And the portions are pretty decent as well. Yes, the service isn't the greatest, but it seemed like the server was running around at all the other tables, too.
1	Pho sounded good after a night of partying and drinking. So our group ventured into this pho joint in TI. I steered clear of the pho since I was craving for their rice dishes. I got the pork chop over rice while my bf and our friends decided on the beef pho. The pho was good but not superb and at $11 a pop, I guess I had expected a lot more. The broth was salty and made my mouth dry up with all of the MSG that was added. The pork chop was cold and it looked like they grilled them all up ahead of time and just plopped them on plates as the order came in. Needless to say, I came down with food posioning that evening, I'll spare you the details but I know it must've been from the food at Pho in TI since that was the only meal I had the whole day.
3	I can't believe I was craving pho in Vegas. The pho here was decent and not overly expensive for Vegas food ($9.75 a bowl). However, they do not offer very many choices - just chicken noodle soup or raw meat pho...those kinds of things.The service was good though and situated in a very convenient location. I would come here again if I am craving Pho in Vegas though!Note: they serve thai iced tea for $4.50, but you only get 1 refill. That's pretty funny.
3	I had never had pho before coming here, but I read that there was a pho restaurant in TI (where I was staying) and decided to check it out. This restaurant is located within The Coffee Shop which means it has a very very casual setting with booths and a family friendly atmosphere. I ordered Pho Ga which is the shredded chicken pho, and found it to be just okay. The broth was good, but I felt the need to doctor it with lots of hot sauce which made it much tastier. The chicken pieces were good in amount, very poor in quality. I had to spit most of it out because it was mostly cartilage and fat chunks. The addition of bean sprouts made the pho more enjoyable. The boy got the noodles and beef. The beef was nicely seasoned, but the noodles were very dry and stuck together and tasteless. The same goes for the veggies. I guess this is just how pho is, so I can't necessarily complain. I guess pho just isn't for me. I would probably try pho again, but most likely not here!
3	When you come to Pho, you have to remember this: it's all relative.I can say with much confidence that this is probably the cleanest pho restaurant you'll ever venture into.  Obviously, being located in a glorified Las Vegas casino means superb cleanliness and inflated prices.  But surprisingly, Pho still holds true to some of its typical Vietnamese restaurant roots, those being:* Sriracha, hoisin sauce, and fish sauce were found at every table * Chopsticks, spoons, and sauce platters were well-stocked at each table* Despite having only 20 items on their menu, our white lady server looked at me weird when I called out the dish name, and proceeded to ask for the item number instead -- just like in Vietnamese restaurants!Prices are definitely atypical of Vietnamese restaurants though.  $10 bowls of pho, $4.50 Vietnamese coffee, and get this, $9 banh mi!  The beef pho was not bad at all.  The broth was light and had a good clean taste.  My beef stew pho kho was tasty, but too thick and gravy-like.  The soups weren't scalding hot like I prefer, but we made do.  It's a fairly decent meal for Strip standards.There is no other casual Vietnamese restaurant on the Strip.  Pho is all you've got.  It's all about convenience.  Time is money in Vegas, and that money should be used to gamble...not spent driving to Chinatown, wasting gas and your precious time in Strip traffic to get the same average-quality Vietnamese food.  Like I said, it's all relative.
1	This is the worst Vietnamese restaurant I have been to.  (We have a lot in SF.)  I expected to pay a little more since it was in Treasure Island.  But the quality was so bad.  The Chicken in the noodle soup was inedible and the spring rolls had almost no filling. The ones from Costco are better than this.  The beef stew was ok, on the greasy side but that is to be expected.  At least the manager was nice and took the noodle soup and spring rolls off our bill.  (But he was white so I am not sure he understood why the food was so bad.)  I overheard some people (Asians) at another table complaining about their food, as well. Fire the chef!!  Kung Hee Fat Choy!!
2	Their Pho: Lacks flavor. Comes in small portions. Is expensive.What did I really expect at a "Vietnamese" noodle house on the strip? After I ate there, I felt like I immediately had to go to San Jose to have some real pho. This place gets an extra star because its very clean and the wait staff was attentive.
3	Its a decent spot. Its not the best out there by a long shot. If you are close there is no need to go to pho hoa or a TK noodle establishment. The broth should satisfy anyone who is not viet. Living 30 mins from san jose ca, I know pho. This is average but clutch when you want it and don't want to go far. The only problem I have with the place is 10 bucks for what I would call a small bowl.
1	This is probably the only time I will ever be served by a black lady and a white lady at a pho restaurant, right (no racism intend, but ya'll know what I mean)?! Obviously being from the Bay Area where good pho restaurants are a dime a dozen, you don't expect much from a place inside a hotel in Vegas.  I figured it would be alright food in a pinch. After all, we were hungry post club! That is, until my spring rolls arrived. I dug in and ate about half of it...until I got to a long piece of hair. THANK GOD it wasn't a pube, but this wasn't much better. It wasn't even like the hair was just on top (like maybe it was my hair that fell on top) - it was wound up in the roll.  I showed it to the waitress, who was disgusted too and promptly took it off the bill and told the manager. SO, 1 star for the waitress for being kind.  The pho was way salty, and was probably made from powder and MSG instead of the REAL method with the boiling of bones.  All in all, stay away people...stay CLEAR away from this place!
1	I went here because I stayed at T.I. and thus it was the most convenient choice.  I'd like to make it clear that I'm Vietnamese, so I feel I can judge authenticity of pho.  :)  This was, by far, the WORST pho I've ever had.  Broth was bland; instant pho packages taste better than what I had.  And $13 for banh mi?  Are you serious?  Is there fois gras in there?  No, I didn't order it and you mustn't either considering banh mi is no more than $3.50 anywhere.  For ethnic food, leave the strip.  Unfortunately, I was there for work and time did not permit such travel, so I missed out on an opportunity to assess authentic ethnic food.  I'm not sure when or if I'll be back, but oh well.
4	** DISCLAIMER:  I am not reviewing this place in comparison to other authentic PHO places... **OK.. so when I first came to Treasure Island and saw that there was a Pho restaurant next to their cafe, I was greatly puzzled.  The idea of there being a pho restaurant inside a Vegas casino, which has a pirates theme was just very puzzling and odd to me.  So... I understand peoples reviews of how this place is not authentic and what not.. but c'mon ppl... You REALLLLY think that Treasure Island will serve dank-ass PHO that will probably stink up the whole entire casino and seep into the hotel rooms?!?!  I think they know better than that.  On that note... there have been numerous times when I woke up in the morning and stumbled down to this pho place and had the noodles and soup help me recover from my hangover.  Yes, the service can be slow.  So be prepared for that... and yeah, the fish sauce is not as potent and the pho soup is not as potent but.. it does the job.  So.. no complaints on my end.  Like I said, the only real downfall for me is that unlike authentic pho places, this place takes their sweet-ass time to bring out the food but what can u do.
3	This was my first time trying Pho i enjoyed my soup, i tried it with Raw Beef and it was great, i added some satay chili sauce and my experience just got better (hot) but better. It sure had me sweating... Also ordered some Spring Rolls that contained Shrimp & Beef, they were served cold (which i am sure that is how they serve them) but i would have enjoyed them much more if they were hot. This place is built within the Treasure Island Cafe, but the service staff i believe works for both sides, at first sitting down, i had three waiters approach me to ask if i was ready, after that, i had only one waiter and he waited on us just fine, was very attentive. So if i ever find myself in need of some Pho and in Treasure Island, i will make my stop here... I do not think this place is expensive, if i remember correctly the most expensive dish here is $15 bucks, not bad i say.
2	Overpriced pho that tastes like nothing? Hmm.. next!
1	My husband and I had lunch at Pho last week.  I had the pho with meat balls, he had the vermicelli with pork and we shared an order of spring rolls. We both came home and had upset stomachs for 2 days.  Minor case of food poisoning was our conclusion.  Eat at your own risk!!!
3	This was by far the best deal we found in Vegas. I am a seasoned eater of Pho, and the chicken Pho I had here was actually quite delicious. And insanely cheap for any food on the strip. I couldn't even eat at Chipotle for those prices.The biggest downside was that we were there during a shift change, and just got abandoned by our waitress mid-meal.Other than that, tasty.
3	Now in terms of authenticity, I'd give this place 2 stars tops. But we're on the Vegas strip, so I really didn't expect much at all. I was definitely skeptical of a place created and managed by invisible corporate suits. But going to this place, I just wanted something pho-like. I wanted it soupy, aromatic and with a spicy kick. (I like my pho with jalapenos.) At $10 a bowl, it's overpriced pho, yes. But, again, we're on the strip. Compared to other eateries nearby, this is a pretty reasonable and still healthy dining option. AND it exceeded my expectations. Mind you my expectations were very low. The pho wasn't all that bad. I'd come back to get my pho fix on my next trip to Vegas. Just don't expect "authentic" when you come here.
1	This place was horrible! How can they dare call themselves a Pho restaurant! *gasp!*First of all, it took our waitress about 15 minutes to come greet us and take our order. We ordered the springs rolls, egg rolls, vermcelli and pho tai (reg. pho with rare meat)The spring rolls and egg rolls were good. Nothing GREAT but good. Before the pho was brought out, they gave the place with mint leaves, limes, and those bean sprout looking things (sorry dont know wat they are called?) Well the mint leaves were DRIED and BROWN! and the limes were hard and old! it was disgusting! We asked our waitress for some new fresh ones and she comes back with the same looking crap and says this is the best she has back there...gross! so anyways...she FINALLLY comes out with our food. The pho soup was just GREASY and OILY. so nasty! you can feel it coating your throat with oil! And on top of that, the meat was FULLY cooked, not rare like it says it would be. Normally the meat should be partially cooked but definately not FULLY cooked. My friends of course complained again and the waitress was nice enough to bring out a plate of raw meat for them so that was cool.The vermicelli was okay. Definately had better but it was edible. Better than the pho so i couldnt complain. Of course they mess up my order and bring me beef when i ordered pork but i really didnt want to complain anymore. The pricing here is pretty much double for what i'm used to paying for. I was suprised tho since we were in vegas but maan! totally not worth the 10 bucks!!! do not come here for pho please. I dont care how bad your hangover is from the previous night before...stay away! I hear there is a better pho restaurant down on Spring Mountain Street which is right next to TI so it cant be that far! Definately check out other places b4 deciding to eat here!
4	I walked into the Treasure Island on my way to the elevator that takes us to our hotel room and a familiar smell hits my nose..The smell of Pho..I thought I was dreaming.. or smelling something else.. but no.. it was pho..I look up.. lo and behold.. they have a pho restaurant!Yay!Needless to say.. after a night of casino hopping.. my aunt and I had a craving for some pho.. at 2am!  I loved that!!  The pho was good.. tasted like any other pho I've had here in California.  Their prices were decent.. more pricey for a hole-in-the-wall pho restaurant here at home.. but still worth going to cuz it wasn't insanely expensive.We ate there twice during our trip to Vegas.. that's something I rarely ever do.. I always try to eat at a different place each time.. But darn it.. that pho was calling me!
3	The pho here is decent though the menu is quite small.  The prices seem a bit high, but then again you are at a strip casino.  We were seated right away, our drinks were served promptly and re-fills were quick.  I ordered some iced coffee to go and even though I got a funny look my request was filled.  Be prepared to pay about double what you would normally be charged at a pho place, but there is little doubt about how clean the kitchen here.
4	There really should be more pho restaurants on The Strip. Such a brilliant idea! I was thrilled when I discovered there was one in our hotel. We came here for lunch following a very long night of heavy drinking. I actually felt like hell and could not finish my soup because I was so hungover. However, before I started feeling like more hell, I was pleasantly surprised by the flavor and quality of the pho. Nice flavor, fresh ingredients, plenty of mint, jalapeno and bean sprouts. The pho did take a little while to come out, which added to my hangover misery, and the cost was, like most things on the Strip, a few bucks more than regular pho restaurants. This place also did not offer the range of meat parts that traditional pho places have. However, I think Pho is a great restaurant option when you are hungover and wanting some soothing soup and noodles, rather than greasy buffet breakfast.
2	Food is decent but relatively expensive... a function of being in a casino I suppose. If it wasn't so expensive, I'd give it another star. Your standard Vietnamese fare. There was a bit of a wait the first time I tried to eat here which didn't make too much sense since they place wasn't busy. If you need a fix and happen to be at TI, it'll be fine. Don't make a special trip.
1	Let me just say that having been to many cheapo Asian restaurants, I am not very picky about my wait service.  I have no problem getting up to get a to go box if I don't want to wait, and as long as the food is good, I am happy.Unfortunately for this place, both the service and the food was crap.Service here was ridiculously slow.  Well, the guy who brought us water was actually pretty good, but unfortunately he couldn't take our order, so we had to wait upwards of 15 minutes for a real waiter to come and take our order.  Not even in the most ghetto of Chinese restaurants have I had to wait that long for a waiter to come and notice us.  I even had to ask the guy who brought us water to get us a waiter.  He finally showed up five minutes after that.  Thank god we paid in cash or who knows how long it would have taken to get a credit card back.Ordered the fried egg rolls and vermicelli.  I was pretty hungry, but the egg rolls were disgusting.  Too much skin, and it wasn't well-fried.  It was just tough to eat.  Their fish sauce didn't have much taste to it either.  To be fair, the vegetables they gave us did look rather fresh... and the person who ordered pho (although I can't imagine why she wanted pho in Las Vegas in late June...)  did like it.But yeah... poor service and not so good food left me very dissatisfied.
2	One of the afternoons in Vegas I was on my own for shopping and people watching since the guys rented Harleys for the day! After walking around the strip and being indecisive about what to eat I ended up back at the hotel, and since I love Pho I decided to try this place out! I had a great seat positioned right in the view of everyone walking around the casino floor (great people watching) Then comes the food...you only have one size to choose from which was the size of a small at your typical pho restaurant. I ordered the beef pho and a spring roll. The spring roll was good, the soup ehhh...not much flavor and I had to keep adding extras to it to amp it up a bit. The prices here are ridiculous. It became a joke that I spent $25 on some fancy top ramen...But I guess that's what I get for eating in a Hotel restaurant!
1	Dear god! I rather have noodles with drinking water than eating here again. The service was horrible and the food was 110% crap. The pho was taste-less, the rice plates was not tasty, and everything else was dull. There was nothing asian or american about this place, for a restaurant in treasure island I expected way better. Let me start off with their service. The host was a very good one, she act like the placed was packed and took her precious seating us down(which took 10 minutes). After we sat down the waiter didn't come by for another 10 or so minutes but there clean-up boy took our drinks order.. what the heck? Let me tell you they only had 3 waitresses and they weren't the quickest ones out there. Of course they were probably ages 50 and over but that's okay I like them old. After we ordered our food, it took them over 20 minutes to get a bowl of not so great looking pho and a disturbing put together rice plate to my table. Not only the food took forever to come out, they got my pho ordered all wrong. I seriously didn't think it could get any worst but it did. The waitress took forever to just get our bills. I mean seriously what was she doing? Or what were THEY doing? where are all the little old waitresses? I'm not giving them a hard time, I smiled when they came, I asked nicely when I needed things but this is just too much. My 20 minutes lunch time meal turned out to be an hour or so. A total waste of time and money if you are planning to go eat here. This place should get more fast pace moving waiters and a better chef. I had a horrible experience
3	After coming back from the Clubs early morning and waking up 30 min before checkout (12pm) I ordered room service for the Pho. $15.99  plus $5 service fee dang !! but it's Vegas so everything here is jacked up. When they brought it up to my room, the bowl had the noodle and rare meat on top but the booth was in a separate container. Included were also fresh basils and sprouts with hot green peppers. Also a small cup of Hosin sauce and Tabasco (WTF)!!  They gave me the sweet chilli sauce, you know the one you dip your egg rolls. (don't think I'm putting that in my soup)Anyways so I proceeded to pour the booth over my noodle. Guess what?? the soup was lukewarm, the rare beef barely cook. I called room service to bring me another hot booth but now I needed more Hosin sauce aaah forget it.The soup wasn't that  bad and even though I use Tabasco. But I think you need to add a lot of hosin sauce to make it taste better.Honestly next time, I'll dine in the restaurant than room service.
4	Maybe I was jsut really hungry that day but I really enjoyed my vermicelli with bbq pork! I was in heaven after being disappointed by TAO restaurant with the two shrimps. My vermicelli and bbq pork had more than enough items on it for me.  Sliced up veggies with that sauce mmm delicious! I liked that order better than the pho I had the next day.  The pho was good in taste, it didn't suck.  However, I'm used to my San Jose pho with tendons, tripes, beef, beefballs etc.  Their pho only consisted of raw beef, broth and some sliced up green onions.  I would definitely come here again when I come back to Vegas!
1	The pho wasn't that good. It was edible I guess. Let's just say I didn't finish my food. And I always polish off my pho. Whatever. The fact that the waitress made a dumb remark to my boyfriend made the experience worse. I wouldn't come back if it was the only pho place left in Vegas*_*
2	I guess you can call me a pho snob because I was spoiled by my mother who spends hours on the soup. I decided to come here because I was craving pho and I figured it'd be perfect for dinner. We waited in this long ridiculous line and there were tons of open seats, but no one to seat any of us so I think that's what the line was all about. Once we got pass the gates of your greatness, it took forever for the waiter to even come by and get our drinks orders. I ended up ordering my drinks with my meal in one sitting since I wasn't sure when he'll be back. The pho arrived and it was very bland, very watery and almost like they just put a cup of hot water over the noodles. The price for the pho alone was not cheap either! So I felt like I wasted my time waiting in line, I wasted my appetite, and I wasted my money here.
1	These people have definitely not heard of Westminster. I guess because Westminster's in California, but still.The pho had no taste -- the broth, especially. Usually I love drinking the broth in pho, but if I wasn't hungry I doubt I'd have the desire to drink more than I did. The noodles were all right, but again, there seemed to be no flavor even though I added sprouts, basil, jalapeno, hoisin, lime juice, and a sriracha knock-off.What's even worse is that the pho was more than $10! Scratch that, it was about $11! Total rip-off when I know that great-tasting pho exists for about $3! I guess this is the only way that Treasure Island can think of appeasing the Asians that visit, but it's a sad substitution for good ole Westminster pho.My mom got an order of fried rice, or something like that. It was rice with a tint of orange, and it was pretty bad, I have to say. The rice was sticky! Sticky? Yes! Sushi-rice-sticky! It was definitely not prepared how rice is supposed to be prepared, and thus I didn't even want to take another bite.Avoid this place if you're picky about your Vietnamese cuisine. In fact, just avoid it at all costs! Tasteless food, overpriced, and definitely not worth it!
1	Wait, you're telling me pho is 12 bucks and it's going to suck!? wow that sounds fantastic! and it was both sucky and expensive. and i think most of the people around me were saying "foh" too which added to the experince.and don't be fooled by the amount of meat they give you because it meat's pretty sucky also.sucky sucky suckyour waitress was nice tho, her hair looked like a peacock and i guess that was pretty cool
2	Visit: 9/24/09 - Dinner.  Beef Pho.Had to come here because my wifes friends wanted to eat pho here.  Pho was not so good.  The soup was not tasty.Service was good.  The restaurant was loud so the server had a hard time taking my order.Price was expensive for pho.  $13 a bowl.I would not go back.
4	Had lunch here on a recommendation from a friend, and he was spot on.Yes, it's real Vietnamese.  Yes it's expensive, but you're eating on The Strip.  I'm sure you could find something cheaper off strip, but by the time you pay for a cab, you just spent the same money.  Deal with it.  The portions (not counting the pho itself) are pretty large, so when you order a bowl of the chicken curry dish , it comes out in the same bigass bowl the pho does.  Add in the "Strip tax" and the portions, and you're not doing as bad as you think.Speaking of the curry?  It was pretty good.  Not as hot as I'd like, but still pretty flavorful.  And the namesake pho they serve?  Not the best pho I've ever had, but I've got a lot to choose from due to living near a sizable Viet population, but it was certainly not bad at all.  Given the nature of the place, it was doing just fine, and I'd still recommend it.  Had a few other things, all of which were decent.  That said. . .  do NOT order the Thai iced tea.  It's horrible.  Possibly the worst $4 I ever spent.  Tea was weak, coconut milk tasted a little off. . . just bad all around.  I should have sent it back.  As for the service, we didn't have any problems at all.  Sure it was a little weird going to a Vietnamese place and not having the family owners wait on me, but then again, it's weird to see a casino outside too.  In general, though, the environment was decently tucked in, and we had a good experience with everything.I'd go back, and that says a lot for Vegas, given how many choices there are.  It's a nice diversion from most of the other strip options, and can be a nice fresh option when you've eaten a lot of, well, crap (often tasty crap, but that doesn't make it healthy) elsewhere on the Strip.  It's not the most authentic place I've ever been to, and you'll be disappointed if you think of it that way going in.  If you take it for what it is, though, which is sort of the Chevy's of Vietnamese, you'll be quite happy.  Remember, not everyone is from LA, the Bay Area, Portland, Seattle, NYC, North Phoenix or Washington, DC (did I miss anywhere?).Besides, being in TI, you have the option of grabbing dinner before seeing Mystere, or after seeing the Sirens.Scantily clad women and Asian food.  Ahhh, I love Vegas.~EEE~
3	Not really a place for the vegetarian/vegan, but they do offer some options (like two).  I think I just hit this place up after a night of crazy partying so i didn't have much of an appetite.   But anywhoo, this is how it all went down. Thai iced tea...yumm, but agian, how can you go wrong??  I ordered the vegetarian pho.  It was good.  the brothy soup was great and there was an abundance of veggies.  But i think this was not a vegetable stock.  I'm not sure, my bad - i didn't ask.  But i know i busted out with a mild rash later, which leads me to believe there was some beef in my food.  Anywhoo, considering we were staying at TI and we were trying to "recover" this place was cool.
3	Yes, I went all the way to Las Vegas to have pho when there's a shop on pretty much every corner in my neighborhood.  About half the group wanted to try the pho and the other half wanted food from the coffee shop.  We were told that if we put our order in at the coffee shop we could order from both menus.  I ordered pho ga.  I noticed they had a Vietnamese sandwich on the menu too.  I was pretty hungry, so I went in on that with a friend.  The pho, as I expected was ok, nice broth, tender pieces of chicken etc.  The sandwich was the stand out of the meal.  The bread was crusty, the pork was smokey and flavorful.  I would definitely get that again. I will note that ordering from both menus slowed down the arrival of our food to the table.  I heard something about coordinating both kitchens.  So I wouldn't try this if you're in a hurry.
3	Ok, like other reviewers, I come from places where there are pho restaurants everywhere and yet I flew across the country to the desert to get Vietnamese soup noodles.I decided to get Pho here after the Mystere performance. I believe they are open until 2:30AM so it was a very nice convenient place to get something warm on a cold night in the winter. Let me premise this review  by saying that I've had a lot of pho. I mean A LOT. If you are what you eat, I would be a bowl of pho, tripe, and meatballs the size of  Los Angeles.Ok, so if you're coming here for pho and you come from a big city like Los Angeles or San Francisco, then your expectations are too high. Their menu is limited in terms of the "fancier" and more adventurous meats (like tripe). Most of their set bowls come with only 1 type of meat and the price of each bowl changes with different types of meats. That is different from most other pho places where there is a set price regardless of what you put in there. Be prepared! It's expensive (but are you really surprised when eating pho in a Las Vegas hotel?) It's about 12 bucks a bowl unless you get the super special bowl (with all the meats they offer including meat balls, tendon and raw beef) which is 14. Their pho soup base was really sweet in comparison to what I am used to. For me, this was bad since I'm not accustomed to really sweet pho soup, but it wasn't really a deal breaker). They only have 1 size bowls and I would say that it isn't a particularly large bowl. In addition to pho, they have other Vietnamese dishes as well (rise and other noodle dishes and spring rolls) but I can't really comment on these since I didn't eat them. Since they are connected to the cafe next door, you can also order off the menu from the next door cafe (which serves traditional American type foods). This is especially good when you have people in your party who are not particularly fond of Vietnamese food.Also, keep in mind that this is not your traditional pho restaurant... the waiters are not Vietnamese. In fact most are hispanic. So if you ask for anything strange, most of them don't know what you're talking about. Overall the service was great and what you would expect from a Las Vegas restaurant. If you desperately want pho, this is your place on the strip, but with so many other delicious foods on the strip, go get something new!
4	Slighty drunk, extremely tired, thirsty and hungry at the same time - the perfect moment to remember that Pho is in TI next to that coffee place. Two of us ordered the pho ga, the other ordered the curry chicken with rice. I was pleasently surprised with my pho: it was a large enough portion to keep me happy, the fresh ingredients were indeed fresh, and the beef was rare like it should be. Our server was friendly as well, which was a nice change of pace from the damn awful grand lux cafe that we ate at earlier that day. If I'm in the mood for meat soup and noodles next time I'm in town I wouldn't hesitate to come back here for a nice 10PM refueling before hitting the strip for another bar crawl.
2	This pho is not good.Having not eaten the whole day due to interviews and such, I was starving for good, satisfying food. As my feet hurt from walking around so much and I was already staying in TI, I opted with a few friends to go to Pho, since it was in TI. I ordered the beef soup. It came out.. and it was very... meh. The broth was not the greatest.. there was barely any meat.. and just overall, the 12-13 dollar  bowl of Pho was not worth its money. I've had better for $4 in Philly.... but I was pretty disappointed. At the time, I didn't care, since I was so hungry, but looking back.. it wasn't so great.And on top of that, service was absolutely horrible. It took us 20 minutes to get in.. only to get seated and neglected. We had this older lady who seemed to forget about us. She finally took our order, 30 minutes later, being rude to one of my friends in the process of asking how we were going to pay our bill. My friend said, "I would prefer credit.." and the waitress goes, "cash? nope, no credit." until we insisted we paid credit. Then, our food didn't come for another 30 minutes. My friends and I slowly dropped our tip with each passing minute... we were already getting down to 5% when our food finally arrived. We all commented... on how the beef was over cooked, etcera... and it was just not overall good. Sadness for such a nice decored restaurant.I should have spent an extra 10 dollars and just gone to the buffet at The Wynn. :P
2	We are lovers of pho and when we saw this little joint in the hotel, we decided to give it a go. First of, service was terrible. We were there for a LONG time before the waiter took our order, and we didn't even need time to decide because we knew what we wanted when we walked through the door. It is also grossly overpriced, it was easily twice as much as our local pho place, and not any better. We had the tofu and vegtetable and it was sparse on the tofu and the veggies were a little on the undercooked side. The thai tea wasn't quite as sweet as it should be. The order of spring rolls only had 2 rolls for $8. That's $4 per roll! Next time I'll just take the rental car to chinatown and get some good pho when I'm in town.
2	Our group of 6 all ordered pho. While the bowls were big, it was mostly soup and noodles, the cheap ingredients. The portion of meat was tiny. The beef pho had maybe 3-4 small pieces of beef. My vegetable/tofu pho had exactly TWO cubes of fried tofu. TWO!!! Not authentic, doesn't taste great, extremely bad value, but for a $10 meal on the Vegas strip, it's hard to do any better (short of going to a food court). Its prime location right on the casino floor lends itself to a huge line around dinner time, despite the poor value and quality.
3	Not the best but not the worst Pho I've ever tasted! After a night of partying, I was craving Pho real bad.  The craving led us to eat here.This has got to be the most expensive and greasiest pho ever.There is only one size pho, but it is a pretty good size considering i usually get a small size! I was surprised by the amount of limes they provided because I'm so used to seeing one lime slice per person.  The service was OKAY, apparently our server was "busy" so another person took our order.  It took a while to get our pho, and it took forever to get my change back when we were paying.  If you are desperate for pho in LV, I would just go here. We were staying at the TI so it was close and convenient.
3	The pho and spring rolls aren't bad at all, but the service kills the review. As many of the previous reviews said you could go a couple blocks west and have authentic pho and much cheaper. For the price of the pho I'd expect better cuts of meat and MUCH better service, but if in a pinch for something to eat that ISN'T fried, etc. give it a shot.
2	I went here because we needed a place that was quick and in the hotel. I ordered the pork chop rice plate and my fiance ordered the pho tai (steak meat only).To my surprise, it was better than I expected, but that is not saying much. My rice plate was good, but it was not worth 12 dollars. They didn't give me enough sauce so it was pretty dry. The pho that he ordered was small and when I tried it, the broth had a sweet aftertaste. I was a little thrown aback by it. It was also very greasy. That pho was not worth 10 bucks, but what do you expect on the strip. The service was really good though. The waiter wasn't Vietnamese, but he was very helpful and funny. I will say one thing, this place was better than the other pho place I tried off the strip, but not by very much.
3	The last time my friends and I stayed in Vegas, we ended up at Treasure Island because we got a really good deal.  When we checked in, we noticed there was a Pho Restaurant and thought it was so random.  We scoffed at the patrons dining inside who had paid the exorbitant prices to eat Vietnamese food we were certain was mediocre at best. Little did we know we'd be there the following afternoon as well as the next slurping up the noodle soup to cure our pounding heads from our mad hangovers.Bottom line: Prices are steep but it is Vegas after all and it's definitely not the best Pho I've ever had but if you happen to be staying at Treasure Island, check this place out because nothing cures a hangover better than some noodle soup.
3	I had the hardest time finding this place, maybe it was the fact I'm not familiar with Vegas. :) When I finally found it, I was dying for some pho. It took them a little while to seat my friend and I, because of the lack of employees working that evening. There was about three servers working and they weren't happy with one another. I could tell coz, we sat next to the cash register and they arguing with one another, all in all, they that didn't affect their duties in serving the customers and being kind to them. The menu was a little "short", but the hostess told us "if something you want isn't on the menu, just ask the server." When our server finally came to us, I asked if they had a Combination Pho, she said "yes, but it's not in the menu." So I ordered that and it came to $14.95. The ingredient consisted on all the good stuff: eye rounds, meat balls, beef brisket, etc.The experience was good. It was too expensive. Most of the things they have in the menu are usually $10. So if you want to eat cheaply and good, come here!
3	If you need Asian food to survive traveling, has no car in Vegas, are too tired/lazy to walk anywhere and happen to be close to Treasure Island, then this can be the place to get your comfy food. Most items are overpriced compare to any normal LA/LV Vietnamese restaurant (e.g. rare beef pho that normally cost about $6 will be $12 here) being in the casino. And yet it's still considerably less than being ripped off by the $$$ restaurants. My friend and I went there for a quick after-arrival dinner on Monday night. We ordered rare beef pho, beef stew and rice, and a pork/shrimp spring roll, 1 martini, and 1 Thai Ice tea. The total bill comes over $50. The waiter was extremely slow - he seemed to be the only one there and comes around every 20 minutes. The hostess was friendly and would chat with us about LA to distract us from the absence of the waiter. Overall it is quiet enough so you can enjoy a normal dinner conversation. The portion is like any normal large size pho. The other dishes are also in descent portions. The taste of the pho is one on the lower end compared to normal pho restaurants. That being said, if you need your normal dose of Asian food, it's edible and comfy. There is nothing special about it but I won't mind going back there again for some warm beef soup should I be in the same traveling situation again.
1	Pho is a special meal reserved only for the lunch after a crazy night of partying from the previous night. Usually, it's a cheap meal that is satisfying both to the stomach and the wallet. I know that everything is marked up in Vegas, but this place was extremely disappointing in both service and food quality. We were staying at the Palazzo across the street so we thought it would be a good idea to make a quick walk across the street for some pho. I know, it's so typical that us Asians have to get Asian food even in Vegas. We have a pretty large party of 12 so we end up waiting about 20 minutes for a table. Then when we are finally seated, we are separated into two parties of six, which would've been fine until my group was seated in the back of the restaurant, where there were plenty of tables and seats. On top of that, our waitress took forever to even greet us and bring us drinks. When we finally ordered, the food came out more disappointing than the service. You know the pho isn't going to be that good when the beef slices are stuck together. They're supposed to be thinly sliced. It looked as if they had been frozen and tossed into the boiling broth to cook quickly, but stuck together because they were never separated. The broth was below average  and everything was just off. Then we ended up paying a premium for our meal and got the hell out of there. For that price, we might as well have paid the extra money to eat at a buffet. The portions are also small so I was still hungry after finishing the bowl. Pho at TI is just terrible. Save your money and go to a buffet to fill your stomach.
3	We were seated really quickly, but the service here is lacking.  We had to hunt down the waitresses to get them to take our order, and when we got our food, we had to ask for EVERYTHING -- hoisin sauce, sriracha, chopsticks, and those soup spoons.. You would think that they would have these things out immediately with our meal.  Guess not..The food here was decent - nothing to complain about.Wouldn't exactly recommend this place.  Pricey food & bad service isn't a good combo.  But if you have a dying urge to get pho in Las Vegas, then go for it.
3	Just a note: someone added this place under Pho at the Coffee Shop, it's the same place.  I went here again today and noticed the prices have skyrocketed.  The most expensive bowl is 14.95.  14.95 at any other place in China town would be enough to feed a couple.  Nine bucks for two itty-bitty spring rolls is just nuts, strip or not.  The place was pretty dead and I was checked in on about ten times because I think the wait staff was bored.  Raising prices in a ressesion is not a great way to keep people coming back.  I'm sticking to China town for my pho fix.  Oh and if your a tourist trying to get to China town for your fix, go west on Spring Mountain... that's a left outta the parking garage and a left at the first light.  You can't miss it after the overpass.
3	This place is great to get late night food after ending a crazy night. Pho does wonders for the stomach. The staff is ok, not super knowledgeable about Vietnamese cuisine, but helpful nonetheless. I really wasn't thrilled that they "ran out" of spring rolls... I figured it was 11 pm and no one wanted to make any. Which I guess was fine. I was too drunk to care. One of my friends did spill water over the entire table. And instead of the lady being upset, she just smiled and helped us clean it up. Very understanding, especially since we're in Vegas. The Pho wasn't stellar but it was decent. The prices were a lot more than one would expect pho to be, especially living in the SF bay area where pho places are abundant. But hey, its Vegas.
3	My introduction to Vietnamese food...  Considering that my brother in law is Vietnamese and likes to cook, I'm suddenly disappointed that this was my first exposure.  B.I.L. said the Bun Bo Xao I ordered was going to be excellent and advised me to use the chili and Hoisin Sauce as well as add an order of spring rolls.  The food came out fast and very fresh but was underwhelming in taste.  Good value when considering price/portion size in the Casino.  Most disappointing was the service.  My server was nice but it took forever for her to come around.  Tables around me kept asking the hostess for things and she would tell them to wait a minute until the server came back.  It was also very distracting how controlling she was over the way people would enter and exit the restaurant.  When a party of 7 came in she acted as though it was surprising a large party would come in at 10pm (in Vegas!) and would need time to get tables together to accommodate them.  I'm giving them 3 stars since I can't say I've had better Vietnamese food although I have had much better service.  I would probably give them another shot with the proper food guide to accompany me.
4	I have no idea why I love this place so much but I have yet to have a vegetarian vermicelli like they do it. The first time I ate at this Vietnamese place located in Treasure Island I was staying there and I didn't feel like Denny's so I was like yes I'll take it.  They are open really late because I went in pass 1am for sure. The first time I really liked but I figured I would like anything because of my how much alcohol I consumed. So I went there again when I was buzzed and it was still good!I ordered to go both times and they have you wait in the back area where there is no one there.  Its pretty fast to get your food and you get a lot of it but yes its pricey as well. Something like this would have fun me 8 bucks with tax and tip at any place in Cali but instead I paid 14 bucks for it. The vermicelli had fried tofu, grilled onions, lots of veggies, and the noodles.  I also got the fish sauce and the super hot chili paste (srirachra) to go over it.  Mouth was on fire!Hate to say it but I will most likely come back if I'm staying or going out nearby. haha.
1	The food here was ok because we were craving pho, however it is a rip off totally highly over priced for some pho.
4	This is just the right place to go to if you need a pho fix! I was surprised when I saw this restaurant in Treasure Island. Of course it's not cheap and fast as a regular Vietnamese restaurant back in Cali, but it's nice to know there is one on the strip.As for the pho itself.. I thought it was actually pretty good. The broth, noodles, and meat were fine. The portion they gave was reasonable. Over all it was satisfying, and I would suggest this place to anyone who has a huge pho craving at Vegas.
2	I've never paid more than $7 for a bowl of Pho. For $12 bucks, I expected something out of the ordinary! But of course, there was nothing special to this expensive bowl of Pho. I guess everything really is overpriced in Vegas. Being the lazy people that we are, we didn't want to walk far for food in the sweltering weather. Treasure Island was the closest hotel to Trump, so we kinda just settled for this place. The Pho wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good either. I tried some of my friends' Chicken Curry as well. It was really bland and the sauce needed to be thicker. Our bill came out to be almost $80 for just 6 people. Don't think I will ever be returning here.
2	Came here the morning after getting kicked out of TAO, so you already know i had a good time and was hoping a nice bowl of pho would bring me back to life. unfortunately....it didn't. I was still out of it so i just went with the number 1, can't go wrong with the combo that comes with all the meat right? wrong. the Tendons were huge chunks, the raw beef slices were overly well done and tough, meatballs no real flavor and the broth was ehhh. I mean I might have been super hungover, but i wasn't still drunk, and i've had enough pho to distinguish good and bad.  I already knew it was gonna be expensive, but it just wasn't that great. But hey if you're craving some late night pho or morning hangover pho then go for it.
4	If anyone knows me, they know I eat Pho at LEAST once a week. When my friends booked our hotel at Treasure Island for my birthday weekend, I was happy that the hotel was right on the heart of the strip.... BUT when they told me there was a PHO IN OUR hotel, I was beyond ecstatic!!! The pho here was delicious, I mean, you really can't go wrong with Pho. I've never met a Pho that I didn't like. Mmmmmm, pho....The best hangover food EVER!
2	Why I keep coming back to this place is a pure mystery. Maybe because I'm so afraid of getting food poisoning again or maybe I like menus without variety or flair. The last time we went here they ran out of spring rolls. I've made them at home and while they can be a little tricky, even whiteys like me can make them. So if the token Asian person has gone home for the day, someone could have made an effort to at least give it a try. Another thing that pisses me off at this place; you can order stuff from the coffee shop at the Pho side, but you can not order Pho at the Coffee Shop side. It's the same place and it boggles my mind. What if I wanted a side of toast with my Pho? Only if I enter through the correct door.
2	I come from a very culturally diverse area. Vietnamese food is good Vietnamese, etc. This place is OK. I didn't even bother w the springrolls, at 9.50 an order. WTF? The beef pho (#14) was ok. Not great, but not bad. There are pho restaurants on the strip that do jazz up the pho dining experience, such as Noodle House, at Mandaly.  Would I eat here again? Probably not.  I'd rather goto the Pho Thanh Long on Sprint Mountain Road, just a couple minutes away.  But if you want a quick fix and don't care about the ambiance, by all means stop on in.
2	PRICEY. SLOW SERVICE. YUCKY BEEF STEW!So on day three with my parents in LV, i finally tried the Pho. I invited my aunt who lives in LV. We ordered:-Charboiled Pork Chop w/ Rice (was ok and probably the best rice plate here)-Beef Stew Noodle Soup (OMG. Reminded me of drinking soy sauce)-Seafood Noodle (Seafood has calamari, shrimp, and scallop. This was the best order from this place. But also the most expensive 15.95)-Special Marinated Chicken w/Fried Rice (Actually red rice. Chicken was good, but not the best)-Authentic Viet. Egg Rolls (was small and good)-Pork and Shrimp Spring Rolls (very good, best appetizer here)-Thai Iced Tea (was good, but didn't have the cinnamon/anise kick to it.)This place shares the area with the cafe next to it (The Coffee Shop). I noticed they also cycle their waitresses/waiters. Service is slow, but quicker than the cafe. So it must be the chefs. If your limited to Treasure Island for restaurants, then too bad. Go to Isla instead. Chinatown has way better Pho and is on same street (Sping Mtn) as TI.
1	Straight don't even bother. Worst service I have ever had by far. Never refilled my water. Waitress never around. Didn't even come pick up the check I had to go find someone to give it to. Empty place wouldn't give a 6 table seat to 4 ppl but gives it to another group later. Receptionist doesn't bother calling someone so I can order.  Where is the waitress? Gambling! My tip did not have money it had words bad service. I've never left nothing but this place! Deserves it!
1	Disgusting. I was served chicken wings with curry when I ordered chicken curry. At Pho I ate the worst food I have ever had, no doubt.I would never go back to this restaurant. Ever.
4	I thought this place was pretty good. Not too expensive. But the place was a little small. When we got there for dinner there where nobody in line. We asked for a table for 3 and the hostess said it might be 15 minutes which was fine. But what kinda piss me off was that she told us to move back, like we here in someone's way. Huh? It's not like the waiter has to walk pass us to get to a table. Or someone behind us would get a table before us. In any case eventually the she became pretty nice to us. The manager there looks like one of the pit boss on the floor. This is an restaurant  maybe get someone who looks a lot more friendlier. But the guy was pretty cool.
1	Ummm....I don't even know what to say about this poor excuse for a Vietnamese Restaurant.  Don't worry about chap stick because you lips will be plenty greasy after eating the Pho.  Oh, and the service gets and F from me.  I had a less than desirable experience from the hostess after I made a mistake in my order and clearly expressed I would still pay for it.  No no....lets yell across the restaurant to tell the waitress that "he didn't like it!!"...I am not cattle...thanks for the refund, but I did not ask for it.
3	I didn't had the Pho here but my friend did and I tasted her broth, and well it WAS GOOD! It was really flavorful of Pho!  I think she had the pho tai chinh.  I however, had the Broccoli Beef w/ Rice and woww I loved it so much.  The sauce was awesome.  It had a sweet taste to it.  The pho was overpriced but hey, what did you expect from Treasure Island?  The ambiance was nice, dim light and all but the service was pretty bad.  We had to wait over 15mins for our check and there wasn't even a full house.-1 star for service-1 star over priceI would definatelly come back.  Pho wasn't so bad and where can you get pho at like 4am in the morning while you're in Vegas? xD
3	After too too many burgers, we needed an Asian fix. My pork chop was pretty good. Our waiter was pretty nice. We all seemed pretty satisfied. Weirdly the fish sauce was not pungent or tasty, which is just simply odd.
2	Hmm well I really like Pho and was excited to have a place on strip. However broth was good and the topping are good to a standard Pho restaurant. However Pho needs to be hot! and this was just very warm. The service was as bad as it gets. The workers talking among themselves loudly, slow service! No drink refills! I had to chase down a person to get a check. I might only come back just for emergency strip Pho. But thats it. This place is ran like a dirty dive and it shows. Pretty sad this place is on the strip. Treasure Island!! This place could be great if you look at the people working there more closely.
2	when it comes down to the graveyard hours...but the prices are not.the food is pretty much compareble to that of DENNY'S or Normswith $7 dollar charge for bacon
2	I don't think anyone would pay $11-15 for a bowl of Pho unless they are staying at this hotel and are too drunk to go anywhere else for food... which in my case was what happened---2 days straight!!! Yes it is convenient to have a Pho place in our hotel, literally within walking distance of the elevator for us drunkards that always crave soup or broth after a long night of drinking, because we think it will sober us up or help us feel better.... Surprisingly the broth wasn't too bad, it had some flavor, but the pricing just throws me off, I guess we pay for the convenience.... NYE, I stumbled upon this place since it was around the corner from the elevator and i just wanted a sip of the broth.  The BF was hungry after a long night of drinking and since he was taking care of me all night, I told him I'd treat him afterward...  So why was our bill $25 for just 1 person eating??? I dunno-- $11.95 for Pho Tai...added meatballs bumped that to an easy $15 and he got spring rolls which came with only 2!!! for $9.95! man, talk about rip off!!! but i guess that's how they make their money because people like me ended up there right???  Again, all for the convenience... And same scenario the next night...again we stumbled upon the pho place again after one too many martinis, but this time we had 3 people and we just ordered 1 bowl and shared because that was plentiful enough for the broth...
3	Prices may be higher than average here but compared to run of the mill pho places, I felt like I actually got my money's worth.At run of the mill pho places I always feel like no matter what size I order (small, medium, large, x-large), the amount of noodles I get never fits the size of the bowl. This did not happen here. There was only one size but the amount of noodles was appropriate for the size of the bowl.It's been awhile since I've ate pho so I don't have much to compare to but the broth here was good. Service: Food did take forever to come out. Funny I read someone's review here and I thought the exact same thing. How long does it take to make pho?Overall, what can you expect from asian food in Las Vegas? Expectations have to be lowered a little when you want that asian food fix from a land where american and european foods reign supreme.
3	Good but if you're a New Yorker you know there's better, but for Vegas yeah it's good!
2	over priced and lacks flavor. place is always empty, yet serivce is so slow.viet egg rolls, oily, cold, no flavor. my sister said the raw beef pho was ok. i had the vermecelli with pork. the pork was all fat and gave me lots of noodles but they all stuck together with very little veges. the fish sauce was very bland. i wouldn't come back here.
2	This place is awful. Not only is it expensive, the food quality was poor. We ordered the meatball pho, the chicken curry, and the pork rice.First up for review... the chicken curry. It was my mistake to order curry at a pho restaurant. The chicken was dry and the curry itself was bland.The pork rice wasn't any better.  The rice was hard and the pork had no flavor.The best out of the 3 dishes we ordered was the meatball pho and even that wasn't good.  The noodles were all stuck together and their meatballs tasted like they had just been defrosted from the freezer.  The only thing that was decent was their broth.  It was flavorful, but that was it.
3	"Best pho on the Las Vegas strip."Yeah. This is the only place to get pho on the Las Vegas strip. So it's the best by default? That's like winning a Peg Leg Pete costume contest by being the only one daring enough to wear a Peg Leg.Anyways, this place was very empty when we went in. We looked at the menu and it looked and sounded great. Yes, it was expensive but it's Vegas. And on the strip. I ordered my usual, the rare beef steak and she ordered the shrimp pho.Let me get this out of the way... my portion was HUGE. It costed me $15 but it was huge. It almost filed me up. I tried some of my gf's and it took me a while to get used to it as it had garlic chips in the soup for flavor. I had never seen garlic chips in the soup before that night. Interesting.In the end the meal was alright. What upset me was the service. It seemed like they were in a rush to seat us, a rush to take our order, and in a rush to get us out even though the restaurant was a ghost town. I didn't appreciate it because I never got a refill on my water and no one came back to us to see if we were doing alright.It was nice to try pho in Vegas, but I'll never eat here again.
1	what the pho'!? bones all in your chicken soup, service is s-l-o-w...i had faster refills on drinks playing slots....avoid this place....there's a little pizza shop over by starbucks, cheap and fast.
3	I've eaten here twice when I was staying at Treasure Island. The Pho is just okay but it'll do in a pinch. It probably smells better than it tastes.I've tried to veggie spring rolls which were decent, but the peanut sauce is just okay - kind of coco-nutty. I got the Pho Tai and my friend got the Veggie Pho.  My soup was not super tasty but had lots of pieces of beef but very little noodles.  My friend enjoyed her soup - had bak choy, mushrooms and corn.  Little pricey for pho as you can get an awesome tasting bowl in LA for like 7 dollars.Waitress was nice and the place was clean.
3	I've ate at this place a couple times during my trips in Vegas. The prices here are ridiculous but then again, its Vegas! The portions are pretty big but their pho isn't as authentic as the Bay Area's. I would say the best dish here is the beef stew--definitely something to try! Brilliant idea to put a pho place here though! It's the best hang over food ever! haha. If you end up staying at Treasure Island, they also do room service for this place.
1	Honestly doesn't get much worse than this for a Vegas approved venue. Soup base was layered in msg, and something else. Soup was lukewarm. Beef was stringy. But vegetables were fresh. Service was slow when the place wasn't packed. It took almost 10 minutes to get my check processed. Bathroom was unacceptably dirty and old looking. I get it, Vietnamese meals are supposed to be low key, not the clearest, and cheap.This place just lacked in every way. I'm pondering if I should even take more time to write about this... guess not.
2	The Pho here was pretty darn bad. The soup reeked of MSG, it's very Americanized. There's not much flavor in the soup and the noodle and meat didn't taste like how they're supposed to. However, the price is actually pretty good, especially for restaurants in Vegas. It's about twice more expensive than regular Pho, but the portion's doubled. I also tried the Beef Stew, it wasn't bad. I liked the stew better than the Pho. The service's really good, it's like dining in a 4 stars restaurant lol. Pros: It's the only Pho restaurant around the strip and it's open until late.
1	I was drunk and didn't like it .... think about it hahaha its bad...plus its expensive and like the coffee shop the lack of service is worse than your rude asian eateries
1	What the pho.After a Saturday night that went on for far too long, my friend desperately needed some pho to flush out his veins. We didn't want to drive, so we decided to go to the only pho restaurant on the strip. I warned my friend that this place was rated 2.5 stars on Yelp, but he insisted that we try this place. I had low expectations after reading some of the reviews below, yet... I was still not prepared.The egg rolls were soggy and tasteless. The fish sauce was bland. I ordered a Thai iced tea, and it tasted like it had been half diluted with toilet water. The pho was actually the worst part. We both ordered Pho Tai, which has thin slices of rare beef. Not only was the broth tasteless, the slices of rare beef were all still stuck together in one chunk--as if they bought a chunk of pre-sliced frozen beef, and were too lazy to separate them in the soup. Worse, the broth was lukewarm when it arrived at my table. I immediately submerged the raw beef underneath the noodles in a desperate attempt at a decent meal, yet the middle slices remained rare and stuck together. The cost of our meal (one order of egg rolls, two drinks, two pho bowls): $50.I don't recall ever being quite so infuriated by a meal before in my entire life. To the people below who could dare give this place anything more than 1 star, OMGWTFBBQ. Shame on you. This may be Vegas, but there are no winners in this place.
2	I love that this restaurant calls itself "Pho" when it should really be changed to "Faux." Epitome of Americanized Asian cuisine gone wrong. Pho really deserves one star but the waiters were so nice that I threw in an extra star, just because I feel bad that they have to serve such mediocre food that comes out of the kitchen LUKEWARM but in a steaming hot bowl. Um, are we eating microwaved food? I didn't order the "pho" but my friends that did were not impressed. I tried some of the noodles which were hard and stuck together. The broth was fine, but how can you really screw up broth? I got a chicken dish that was supposed to come with fried rice. I really wish I had taken a picture of my plate because it looked like a build-you-own-hamburger with a large piece of chicken on one side, lettuce tomato and cucumber on another, and a mound of "fried rice" that looked like a giant hamburger bun. The chicken was good, actually, but the "fried rice" was nothing of the sort. It was hardened rice that was a reddish-brown color, which tasted and looked as though it was heated up in a bowl, not freshly made.The worst part about this experience was that my group of 16 people got our orders in 2 sets. When one side of our table was served, it took another 15 minutes for the other side to get our orders. Made no sense. At all. Never coming back. Ever.
1	gross. just ugh. i ordered tea and was surprised tos ee the tea was frothy and orange...? tried it, didntlike it, so back it went. i ordered the marinated chicken and rice..rice was crunchy and chicken was dry. My husband ordered the curry..and the look of it was nauseating enough for me. it looked atrocious. he gave it a go (he who usually eats anything) but couldnt do it..the only good thing was the waitress..she was sweet and very very friendly but i would not recommnd this place to friends.
2	Service was incredibly slow here. We waited for about 15 minutes to order and about 40 minutes for food. We had a large group, but considering we came during the lunch hour and the restaurant was less than half full, the kitchen needs to up its efficiency. I can't remember ever waiting this long for a bowl of pho.Both the broth and chicken of the pho ga ($11.95) were extremely bland. The chicken had a stringy texture that I associate with low quality meat. This is the first bowl of pho I can ever remember not finishing.
3	this place is pretty legit for pho on the strip. The prices are ridiculously high, but it is VEGAS. Definitely a great place to go to after a long night/morning and definitely helps cure the hangover. My suggestion is if you have a large group, split up but ask for a table close to each other so you can get seated faster.
3	I've been here twice. My 1st time was ok had the beef stew nothing special. My 2nd time had their Pho at 2am, 30mins before they were closing and they were so nice not rushing us or anything! The Pho was good but it was expensive for the portion! My friends had their Spring rolls and Chicken Curry the both thought their dish was just ok!
4	OK, so I don't know what people expect from a Pho place inside of a casino in Las Vegas - especially TI, not like its the Venetian!  We aren't in San Fran or LA or even Vietnam, have a little freakin perspective and adjust accordingly!PositivesLarge bowl of Pho with large chunks of chicken.Yeah had lots of sauces and my fav Sriracha.Good size serving of the usual veggies on the side.Unlike most Vegas food prices it wasn't exorbitant, higher than SoCal but not bad considering the normal Vegas markup.NegativesNone really...So it was late and I had had a few cocktails by the pool that day and a big bowl of Pho with lots of Sriracha meant I was going to sweat it all out.  Now was this the best Pho I had?  Certainly not.  It was decent though and that is all I could expect from Vegas (where honestly most of the food is just all-right).  It did its job and helped me feel better and I would eat there again if I was at TI.
2	Ive had PHO in alot of different places throughout the country and well, this place would be right at the bottom of the list of good places to eat.  If you got no where else to go, i guess this will have to do.
4	This is the only good thing about TI. The pho here is pretty amazing... either that or my friends and I were hungrier than we thought we were. But I like the pho here because it doesn't seem like there was a lot msg and it still had a lot of flavor... so that is pretty amazing. The waitress here was pretty nice too, I wanted a carrot cake from the Coffee Shop which is right next to Pho, and she went and got it for me.The only problem we had we this place was the incredibly slow service.
3	Went here for a quick pho fix last Saturday before my flight left. There is no other pho place on the strip and they know it. Food is fine. Service was quick and attentive. They must be doing OK as they have expanded the seating area into the back with a view of the pool and shrunk the coffee shop with which they share space. Prices are about 2x what they should be for what you get, which knocks them way down for value but it's a Vietnamese restaurant in a casino and they can get away with it.. The quality of the food seems better than it has been in the past. We were in and out in about 40 minutes as we were on a time frame and this always hits the spot before we leave for the airport. Yes, there are much better places to eat in Vegas, especially once you get off the strip and away from the casinos, but this works for a quick dinner.
5	This place gets the full 5 from me! It's sad that it gets not so good reviews based on the price of this place. Sure, it's a bit more expensive than your typical Pho place on spring mountain.. But hey, they are in a casino! Rent is pretty damn costly in a casino.But truly, I prefer this place hands down to any other Pho place I have been to thus far. They ALWAYS give tons of veggies and they are the freshest I have had among other Pho restaurants that are a hit and miss. Everything is full of flavor.  Pho is delicious but their vermicelli noodle bowls are out of this world.  Been here prob 5 times now and I haven't had a bad meal yet!As for cost, for an appetizer and 2 entrees it was $30. To me, for two people... That's not bad
1	terrible.
3	Officially called "Pho at the Coffee Shop" inside Treasure Island. My friends and I wanted something warm after the clubs and were too lazy to wander the strip. Since we were staying at TI, we decided to just eat here... Pleasantly surprised!I was expecting the pho to be decent at best (because really... pho in a casino?), but it was actually pretty good! #14 is your typical combo pho bowl with everything included. Tasty broth, flavorful tendon and meat, a couple squeezes of lime and I was a happy camper in my little black dress.Yes, it's double the price ($14.95 for my combo bowl), but it's Vegas. Get over it or stock up on McDonald's before you go out.
1	Ok, here goes....   My boyfriend and I were at TI, starving and frantically looking for a restaurant when we found Pho.  We had been seated for quite some time before someone took our order.  I ordered the beef and broccoli rice dish and he ordered the chicken curry dish.   We were quite skeptical when our food came out two minutes later.  Mine had broccoli that was once frozen and then microwaved and weird looking beef.  My boyfriend had chicken slop with bones in the chicken, which he was constantly picking out.   It tasted repulsive, and thank god for the sri ra cha sauce, which I used much of the bottle to cover up the bad taste.  There was soy sauce that claimed to be kikkoman, however, I know that it was something else and I may report this to kikkoman.  After we ate our bill was $40.  My best advice is don't eat here, you will leave feeling angry and $40 poorer.  My boyfriend spent several hours on the toilet due to this nightmare.  You would be better off eating at Taco Bell.  I hate even giving this place one star....
1	oh pho'k. this place is horrible, the food totally sucks. we got our food two minutes after ordering!!! it was luke warm, yet streamy!!! the chicken had bones, shards of bones I kept pulling out of my mouth, the rice wasn't done, and it was all pretty repulsive.stay away, there are better places all over.
4	For the price, this is a good bang for the buck. I wouldn't say the food or service was amazing but it was decent, and compared to other options inside the casinos, it was a great value. The portions were big and had good flavor.  Nothing special, but for the price, worth it.
3	They do have msg in their noodle soup.  confirmed with the chef.  otherwise the food is good
3	Overpriced and not exactly authentic if you've had pho in a Vietnamese place, BUT it's good. Not the good where I will go out of my way to have it, but the good where if I want pho after a night out on the strip, I will come here. It's about $13-$14 for a bowl of pho, about double the price I find in San Jose. There is not as much meat, and it doesn't taste as authentic. I got the beef stew, and the pho noodles they used were not the typical ones that Vietnamese places uses. The meat was dry but the soup itself was pretty good. Portions are pretty big, but be ready to spend when you get here!!
2	like everyone else, we were all craving some hot vietnamese noodles after a long night on the verge of alcohol poisoning.located in the lobby of treasure island, we had eaten some early morning breakfast at the spot next door and remembered this spot as the cure when we woke up. I had the #6, beef stew with rice noodles and was ready to GRIND!-they gave tons of basil, limes, and FRESH jalapeno slices (then again it was 8 of us and no one on my side of the table used any so i had it all)-for $15/a bowl?! it was normal sized.. unfortunately the same vegas prices, but there was a ton of meat chunks which weren't too fatty-as soon as new customers such as ourselves enter, its rather easy to gauge how hungover they are. sitting with our backs towards the windows so we don't have the sunshine beaming down on our faces, sleeping on the tables with our heads in our hands, and very low key speaking voices.. you'd think they'd feel bad and refill our waters ASAP as to help ease our pain.SYKE, ruthless asians, next time help ya boy out!
2	HIDE YA KIDS, HIDE YA WIFE, cuz they rapin' errrbody out here... with these ridiculous prices!Being hungover and wanting some pho like I usually do after getting drunk, their food is not bad at all, but $15?! that's like three bowls of phoAside the decent food, their service sucks. Service is slow. It takes forever to be seated. Water is never refilled.
1	Maybe the food here is good. Too bad my boyfriend and I had left in outrage before we even got that far.Came here due to a hankering for pho and had our orders ready immediately. The servers, however, NEVER CAME. We had even asked the busser to call our server but no one came to take our order! We also made eye contact with a cluster of idle servers and gave the "what's up with us not getting service" motion and one mockingly returned the gesture with his own smug shoulder shrug. WHAT!?!Left after 15 minutes of these shenanigans.
1	WORST PHO PLACE EVER!!!!! So I asked for an extra bowl.... 5min later, still no bowl... 20min later STILL NO BOWL!!!!! Worst service ever!!! And waiter here is the worst!!!
2	I understand everything is Vegas, especially inside a hotel, is going to be expensive.  This is a poor excuse for Vietnamese food however it's good on the stomach after a hard night of drinking.  I really wish it was open late for these reasons haha.I had the bbq chicken and rice- chicken portion was quite small and a little hard to eat because it comes with the bone in.  The rice is pretty good in texture and flavor and the sauce that comes with it is pretty good.  However, I don't think I'd get it again.My friend had the veggie pho- good portion of tofu and vegetables but the broth wasn't that great.  The service overall was pretty lacking even though it was pretty empty.Good: location?Bad: price, serviceBottom-line: It's overpriced, crappy service but in a pinch, it'll do.
2	My boyfriend and I were living off the strip so our shuttle dropped us off on the strip, so we were car less until we were done exploring around. Well, we were a bit happy  after drinking a few drinks at the bar near our hotel, tahiti. When my boyfriend and I walked around the strip and happen to have the craves of Pho, I remember there was one in TI, where I knew it's was going to be a bit pricey for a bowl of pho, but we both looked at each other, 'ah, what the heck. Lets give it a try.' We both ordered the the most common one that has everything in it (beef, beef tendon, tripes and so on) and it was 'alright' This place would probably be worth it to some people, if they are in of pho, right at the moment. I think the 24 hour Pho is much more worth it in Vegas, and of course Cali's pho :)Will I come again? only if i have a massive hangover, maybe.
4	people are going to say its overpiced and blah blah..etc. but c'mon LOOK at the location and where you're at! youre in vegas, on the strip...of course its going to be! so is everything else?? its vegas, every drink, meal, souvenoir...and any service is overpriced than it should be! get used to it!plus its pho, yes you can get out of the strip to find a more "authentic" and "cheaper" deal but like i said its at T.I., on the vegas strip, and at YOUR convenience!!my bf and i decided to stop here just because we wanted a quick meal before we left vegas...we both love pho and remembered there was one at T.I. the service was great and prompt..we ordered two pho tais (yes theyre 12bucks each- but well worth it!). now i have eaten so many pho tais here back home in L.A. and this was some great pho. it was pretty authentic in my eyes as it can get..possibly better than the ones down here in L.A. they gave lots of meat -which my bf and i were surprised at..even i dont get this back home haha only 4 strips of meat but here we just kept finding more and more...broth was amazing and and the noodles as well....i would def come here again since it did leave us full and happy.
2	We ate here because (1) we were hungry, (2) we were staying in the hotel, (3) we were curious to try Pho, and (4) even though we saw that it wasn't doing well on Yelp, we figured, eh, why not.Well, turns out Yelp was right and now we know why not!  The food was... okay.  I'm glad it wasn't more expensive... it was just... I don't know... bland?  Greasy?  I got a noodle dish and my boyfriend got actual pho.  Neither of us were thrilled.  We ate our meals, but never really had anything positive to say about them.  I think the chicken in my boyfriend's pho had bones (something he simply didn't know to expect).And then... as we're nearing the last quarter of our meals, I see a fly in mine.  A dead fly, to be exact.  Blah.  I showed the waitress who was beyond embarrassed (and who, like every other server, seemed to have no idea what Pho was or how to serve it... something they admitted, themselves).  She brought out a higher-up who was--to her credit--immensely courteous and apologetic.  She could not have been nicer or handled this more graciously.  They took care of the bill.Would I go back?  No.  Would I recommend it?  Not if there's a single other thing you're curious to eat in the area.  But was it the worst meal ever.  Nope!
3	Fell into the Pho after a long conference day, just wanted some spicy food and a cocktail to unwind.Nice find! So nice I returned for a second visit. Dinner one was spring rolls and curry chicken. Once I spiced up the curry all was good. Service meh I shouldn't have to get up from my table to get the server's attention. The restaurant was half full at best.Dinner two seafood Pho. I'm not a Phonatic or  expert but this was pretty good with plenty of assorted seafood and a hearty broth. Service just like last visit. I did not find this restaurant to be expensive and the quality of the food very good.
3	Its a cuisine, so of course everybody should not expect legit pho. The pho is clean and tastes pretty good. I went here twice with friends after a long night of clubbing. However I'd avoid this place if you have a car and can drive to legit pho restaurants off Spring Mtn road. The prices are pretty high for a bowl of pho, I think it was $10 for bowl? There were a lot of seats inside but for some reason they made us wait! I do not understand. Pretty empty during lunch time, clean restaurant.
2	So I always crave Asian food, particularly noodle soup, when I'm in Vegas...I don't know why... and so we walked in to get a quick fix. It's pretty expensive here, but where is it not on the Vegas strip???We ordered the Vegetable Fried Rice, Chow fun, Chicken Noodle Soup, and the Charbroiled Pork with Vermicelli noodles (dry). I admit that it's better than what I expected but it's still bland. I added Sriricha and chilis just to spice things up a little but it was still a bland to me. I've had better Viet food before. Fyi, service was pretty bad, we ordered at 4:56pm and the server told us that the dinner menu started at 5 and it's not 5 yet. We ordered 2 dishes from that menu...by the time you walk back there, it should be 5 ALREADY!!!!! Sigh
3	This pho restaurant is right inside the TI casino and right by the coffee shop. The place is pretty fancy looking compared to some of the pho restaurants I have been to. This is the case of almost all restaurants you eat at in a casino/hotel at LV.The food was not bad as I ordered my usual grilled pork with vermicelli noodles. It could have used a little more seasoning and sauce as it was a little bland, but overall it was ok. It was definitely more expensive than the typical price you pay for pho, but what isn't when you are here on the Las Vegas strip? The service here was quick and it was nice just to sit and relax in a fancy atmosphere.
4	The Fresh pork and spring rolls and the iced Vietnamese coffee are fantastic.The broth for the Pho is comparable to other Pho restaurants I've visited.  I haven't been disappointed in numerous visits.  The Pork Chops with rice was a pleasant surprise when I ordered it one visit.  Very good and the portion was excellent.Since it's located on the strip (in Treasure Island) you're going to pay a premium because of location and convenience if you're staying on the strip.  There are cheaper pho places up on Spring Mountain but if you're looking for a nice, quick Pho meal and you're on the strip this is your best (and only?) option.
5	Amazingly good! We ate here about 4 times in 5 days. Seriously...this place puts a lot of these Pho places in SD to shame...and it's at a CASINO! Seriously...I don't expect great food at a casino, even in Vegas, just because they don't HAVE to have good food. But yeah...it was AWESOME!!!!
3	Not bad for a random pho joint inside Treasure Island. I know this place has been here for years because I've seen many ads for this restaurant, years before my first visit here.It's a restaurant on the strip, you have to expect an expensive meal. Pho was $14... that is definitely almost three times what I would normally pay for a bowl in Seattle's International District, but hey, if you're hungover and craving pho, WHY THE HELL NOT?Service was really quick and friendly. The only downside was that our server was in some kind of rush to grab the signed checks back... it was a lot of pressure and unnecessary. She was literally next to my friend waiting and watching him as he decided how much to tip her. Awkward...The portions were good and food was acceptable. Can't expect too much anyway.
3	I'm not going to bitch about the price of the food here compared to my home town because hey, it's a Vegas hotel. $15 lunch special Pho and spring rolls was actually quite satisfying. Helpful that you are able to build to taste with supplied condiments. The fried rolls came with lettuce and cilantro which cut the grease. The Pho broth was very good but the meat was skimpy. Overall one of the best quality to value meals I found at TI. Service was very attentive and friendly.
1	Super expensive, mediocre pho. The waiter had his fingers in all of our soup? we let it go because he obviously didnt have control of the hot bowl and was politie. ....we finished our crappy meal which we were forced to tip 20% even though we were not attended to ever. Whatever, its Vegas. Anyway the greeter in the front was beyond rude. When we exited and asked her to take a photo, she said she couldnt because she was on duty. And she was seriously standing there doing nothing. They hardly get any customers there. now we know why.
2	Not the best pho but it's at least pho. $12 and not much to choose from in terms of selection. I'm used to spending half the price and getting a bowl twice as big from traditional pho places. There's only one bowl size here, and it would be considered a small/regular at most pho places.This place seems like half high-end pho restaurant, and half diner. Service here is so-so, especially for the small crowd at the time. As for the pho, the broth was very disappointing. Not only was it somewhat bland, but temperature-wise, it was lukewarm. Not only was I able to finish my pho quickly, but because it wasn't hot, it took a long time for the pieces of meat to cook in the broth.Overall, if you want something different in a casino, this is a good option. But if you want good pho, make the drive to Chinatown and get the good stuff.
4	Perfect food for the drunk or hungover!The hostess was kind of rude but our server was awesome, funny, and helpful. Pho hit the spot after a day of traveling - and we washed it down with the Dragonberry Mojitos. They were sweet but the right price.
3	Good food, but our waiter disappeared!  Asked for help, but was told "not my department.". Asked one of the water waiters and then asked the hostess for help. Even saw the supervisor come out and look at us confused. So 15 min before we are to leave after waiting for 40 min and everyone around us had been served, our food arrived. It was delicious, but ridiculous server, who did not receive a tip.
1	This was one of the worst dinners I have ever had in Vegas. First off we had a large party of 11 women for a girls weekend. We knew since we had a lot of people it would take longer to get food but the amount of time was more than anyone would want to wait. The server was running around and didn't seem to know what she was doing. We arrived at 600 and the torture began. I ordered a noodle soup which many of the girls ordered as well. My cousin ordered chicken. When the chicken came she found a short hair in her rice. The server took the plate away and then brought her a new one but by this time we were all halfway done. Another girl in our party was shocked to find a long light colored hair in her dish as well. My cousin called the manager and the manager response was "the cooks wear hats" which almost seemed like she was accusing us of putting the hair in the food. We had one dinner removed from the bill but we felt like it was not because of they wanted to but they felt they had to! The hotel was good but the restaurants leave a lot to be desired
4	The beef pho was really good, I was overall satisfied with the meal but the service wasn't too great. They did take forever to serve us the food.
2	I'll cut to the chase.  Don't eat at this place if you have other options.  This is a really watered down, Americanized version of Pho.  I just came in from LA, craved something I would get back at home, and thought how bad can it be... it does have that fancy motto outside saying how great they are on the Vegas strip.  Big mistake.Pros :Servers were quick on getting the drinks.  Portion was large for a pho bowl... they give lots of the weird tendons and meat stuff.  Pretty generous on that.Cons :Just didn't taste like Pho.  I was a bit weary when we sat down and my friend who is Vietnamese said it's strange to see fish sauce in the condiment section.  Once he had a few slurps of the soup, he said that the chef did not add little to any fish sauce.  I tasted my bowl, and yup.. flavor is way off.  You will need to add fish sauce back.  (Think of it as Clam chowder, but someone forgot to add the pepper)  Soup was medium warm.  Yes, the biggest mistake of getting served pho is that the soup isn't burning hot (otherwise the meat is undercooked).  My butt paid for it the next morning because the meat wasn't cooked all the way through... I've had beef tar tar before, and thought this couldn't be that bad.  Expect lots of gas pains, and possible angry bowel movements due to uncooked meat.  I hope this place starts adding fish sauce into the broth, and heat the soup up.  (Maybe they are scared that someone may be burned or something).
3	Why the hatred? What do you expect from a pho place inside of a hotel that calls itself TI on the strip that notoriously overpriced their food? I came in not expecting all that much and came out rather surprised. Maybe it was the low expectations, but I was content with my meal here. I had the lunch special which was $15 for an appetizer and choice of beef pho, chicken pho, or beef vermicelli. I had the spring roll and the chicken pho (I am supposed to be watching my cholesterol). I also had a Thai iced tea instead of the soda and they were nice enough to make the swap for no extra charge, even when I said i wouldn't mind if they did when I ordered.The egg rolls were tasty and came with a delicious vinegar-based dipping sauce. The pho came out with all the usual fixings, sriracha on the table. Again I was surprised to not be immediately disappointed. The pho wasn't super oily which I appreciate and the broth still had decent flavor. The chicken was chicken really. Perhaps I would have been more critical if I had ordered a beef soup rather than chicken as I've only had one or two orders chicken pho previously.No, it was not outstanding. Yes, it was pricier than your local pho shop back home (assuming you have one). Las Vegas Boulevard, however, is not Little Saigon, and unless you have a car at your disposal, Pho at Treasure Island will get the job done for less than it would to take a cab to an off-strip pho spot and back.
3	When I searched for pho on The Strip, this was literally the only place that popped up, which is inside TI. I arrived in the afternoon, just in time for their lunch special, which is available Monday-Thursday until 5PM. It consisted of a small appetizer, bowl of pho, and drink- either soda or ice tea. I started with the sweet and sour shrimp appetizer. The batter wasn't that great, but the accompanying salsa was tasty. I ordered the pho tai. They only have one size, which I would consider small or regular size, but it's big enough for me. There was a good amount of noodles, and the broth had a good flavor. My only complaint ... it wasn't that hot, temperature-wise. Doesn't have to be boiling hot, but it should be hot, so the meat can cook. What impressed me was the amount of veggies I received on the side. Normally, I'm used to getting a few sprigs and a minimal amount of bean sprouts with several browned ones- but I got an entire bowl of it just for myself, and they were very fresh.I also ordered a pork banh mi to-go. It's definitely more expensive at $10.95, but the bread was thick, and it was stuffed full of meat and veggies. The server made sure I had fish sauce and gave me little containers to fill with sriracha and chili sauce. Service was great, although it was not busy at the time. I had a decent experience, and I was happy to get my pho fix in Vegas.
4	I come in here quite often when my buddy and over time I have seen improvements.The service is wonderful. Why? Because I am Vietnamese and I do have quite a few of request for my bowl of Pho. =)Key thing to remember, is to ask them to make the broth extra hot if you are ordering a bowl of pho.  First time, it was very moderate.  I like to order my rare beef on the side and sadly, the first time, it was not hot enough to cook my beef slices.  Since then with the requests, it has been very hot.  I have also tried their chicken curry on rice.  Very excellent, lots of chicken and the curry was just right (potatoes and carrots cooked till tender).  My buddy had their short rib rice plate and insisted that it was very well done and mentioned that "it is hard to find a decent place still open at 1am to serve short ribs."  I once had their Hu Tieu Bo Kho (Beef stew noodles).  For them to make it right in an american hotel.. Thank you! The meat was absolutely tender just how it should be made.  The pho noodles may stick so it's best if you stir it up once you get served.  The broth was not too thick and not too loose.  Perfect stew.  Yes, I do make my server work; pho tai, extra beef, on the side, extra hot broth, extra slice onions on the side, and steamed beans sprouts.  This $12 bowl of pho will be worth it!If you are a coffee person, please note, that they use old school asian coffee filters.  It is the slow one that is on top of your cup.  Slowly dripping into your cup.. If you are in a hurry for a jumpstart.. Not recommended.It is true, hard to find a Pho place that is open late.  Not to mention that it is conveniently inside the casino (no driving necessary).  Great place to hit up after drinking.  Pho is a pretty good hangover remedy.  Place is very big and the service is top notch.  Not too busy.  It is inside a casino, so expect casino prices!
2	I am Vietnamese and live in the largest Vietnamese community in the US (Little Saigon in southern CA) and have had pho in many different area including Vietnam. This place advertises " the most authentic Vietnamese Pho on the strip" and it has a long way to go before being able to carry that title.  I had the The house special Pho which was pretty much the everything bowl and the order of spring rolls.Cons: Broth is not hot enough, combined with the fact that the noodles are not cooked in advanced and relies on the broth to cook it the noodles end up al dente. The fist warning I got when seated was that there is fish sauce on the table which is something you should not see, I mentioned to my friend that the only reason they would need that on the table is if someone asked for it because the broth is bland and sure enough the broth was bland and I needed to add fish sauce. Unlike hot sauce or the hoison sauce, this is a key ingredient to making the broth and is not something you should have to use as a season to liking. I ordered in Vietnamese and the waiter looked at me and asked me what number it was. It is important to have your waiters know the names of the dishes they are serving especially if you are claiming to be authentic. It left me wondering if someone new to the cuisine ask the waiter what they suggested would be steered in the wrong direction and leaving them completely turned off to this type of cuisine. The spring rolls were over bloated with noodles and drowning out the taste of any other items in the roll and the peanut saace was bland and lacking.Pros: Service was prompt and they check up on you making sure drinks are refilled. as far as price goes they are ok compared to others. They are not sparse on the meat. Plenty of meat which is a good thing and they seemed to have more tripe and tendon. Maybe they put a lot because not too many of their customers order these ingredients ( I had the everything bowl). Atmosphere and ambiance of the place is great felt a little more Japanese / Chinese but most pho places are dive joints anyways. Overall lasting impressions: I will not be going here again. I like my meat rare so it was fine for me but to most people the broth was not hot enough leaving the rare beef to be really pink and would gross most people out. On top of that the broth cooks the noodles as well since the broth is not really hot the noodles were not cooked all the way through. Al dente rice noodles really upset mine and my friends stomach. As mentioned before I worry that people will go here and being turned off to the whole vietnamese cuisine because they are taking the places claim to being authentic or misguided by the staffs lack of knowledge of the cuisine.Suggestions to place: Cook noodles separately just before preparing the bowl, make broth at a higher temperature, add more seasoning in broth as it is cooking. educate the the staff on the dishes.
5	Dude, where are you going to find REAL PHO on the strip? Apparently compared to many things, pho was the cheapest deal, so we came here....three times during the 4 days we stayed..and we didn't even stay at TI.....The server remembered us... gave us the biggest pho ever..that we couldnt finish. Thanks! LOVED the blueberry mojito mmmmmmi will definitely come back when i'm in vegas... this pho is delicious...like real pho!
2	It's in Treasure Island on the strip, so set your expectations accordingly.  If you want really authentic Vietnamese food, go elsewhere.  It you need to eat at a convenient place while at TI and don't want to be completely gouged then this place will do.  Compared to other eating options at TI, this place was at least in the ballpark in terms of price.  Food was okay, service was good once you got seated.
3	Having never eaten at a Pho restaurant I have nothing to compare it to.  My wife and I were staying at TI over the holidays so we decided to stop in and try it.  I would have to say it was pretty good because we shared a bowl on our way out the door during our second visit.  So overall I would say it is ok.  I look forward to trying other Pho places so that I can compare.
2	Kind of hidden behind the Treasure Island coffee shop. Very good food. Some of the better Pho we have tried. Not fancy but high quality and great tasting food.......UPDATE 1/27/13.  Returned here to Pho last weekend and must say the quality has gone way down!   Smaller portions, very bland flavor. We will not return. We will venture off the strip to one of the more authentic Pho or Ramen places around Vegas, there are a lot of them.
4	I can't believe we have eaten here more times than fingers on one hand.The wife loves this place, we came 3 nights in a row, granted around 1am but still.This means it's not super busy so hard to judge service but every time we came, we were promptly seated and got waters straight away. And despite the late hour, the wait staff were friendly and efficient.Wife gets the same pho everytime which she always seems to have an appetite for which can only mean good things.Usually get the spring rolls as an app, with fish sauce and leaf wrap, it's piping hot, crunchy and delicious.I've tried a few of the dishes, one that sticks out was half a chicken, not sure of the name on the menu and that was pretty good. Meat was a bit dry but not to the point of making it unenjoyable.It would be an ok for me but given that my wife loves the pho here (and usually likes a variety of food) they must be doing something right and bump it to 4.
3	Came here on Monday for a snack around 4:50. Ordered the special with the gio and chicken pho. It actually tasted better than i expectedalthough the Gio could have been crunchier , If I didnt have access to a car to head to the local Vietnamese spots I would come here.Service was pretty good as well.
3	Decent meal.  Had to wait 30 min on a Wednesday night.  Not a big deal.  Ordered Mongolian beef, sweet n sour chicken, lettuce wraps, and tuna sushi.  Small portions.  Mongo beef could have been better.  Sweet n sour was ok.  Tuna sushi was actually decent.  I was expecting worse.  Service was ok.  Might eat here again next time.  Maybe.
4	i end up here at least once every trip to vegas. nothing helps for post drinking munchies or a next day hangover than a big bowl of noodle soup.two words of warning: their service is extremely slow (and i typically have a healthy tolerance for bad/slow service), and they are not open late on non-weekend nights.broth was surprisingly deep and flavorful (again, by vegas standards - doesn't hold a candle to viet food in San Jose), and portions are huge.
1	Pho was phooey...the meat inedible. What is happening to Vegas? They claim this is the only Vietnamese restaurant on the strip. Well, then get off the strip or more Vietnamese people need to move to Vegas. This is a sad testament to Vietnamese cuisine. Other than the woman at the front desk the service was excellent.
2	Two stars instead of one because its convenient and didn't have much expectation I mean it is at the treasure island!.  But man ordered rare beef and it was over cooked, tough and dry! As for the soup, it tastes a bit better than adding salt to hot water I guess! I know there are good Vietnamese pho restaurants off the strip but I guess without a car, I just need to suck it up!
1	Very unpleasant experience here!!
4	My husband and I ate here (or ordered banh mi to go) four times in three days. We're both pho addicts, and this is the only pho restaurant on the strip, but we also just really, really like their broth and noodles! The service was just average, as was the atmosphere/ambience, but the place is clean and the food is ready relatively fast.By far the best restaurant inside Treasure Island, but it does lack the style and pizazz other strip restaurants possess to make your Vegas trip memorable.
3	Hmmm. This is one of those reviews where I have to consider the ratio of expense to deliciousness, cause let's remember: pho is 80% broth and noodles. It should be cheap, hot and delicious.Anyway, my dining partner and I both ordered the chicken soup with glass noodles. The verdict: great broth, large chunks of white meat chicken and perfectly cooked vermicelli-style glass noodles. Tasty. But 12 dollars a bowl tasty? I could let this slide, but the fact that we ordered a second dish is what took this place from four to three stars.The walnut shrimp consisted of exactly 5 sweet (and yummy) shrimp in the Chinese-American style you're probably imagining. It was over twenty dollars. Really? Even in Vegas, that's a little hard to justify. Make it an appetizer for ten and I wouldn't have complained, but that just a little too much to go without comment.I would return for the pho, however.
2	For Vegas strip Pho....it's ok.  Service is slow and pho soup broth is average.    Way overprice though.  Post drinking .....cure
2	I think it's pretty smart of TI to open a pho place in their hotel. How many of you guys eat pho after a drunken night?? I'm seriously convinced pho is the magical cure for hangovers...But, even though I would think this place would attract all sorts of inebriated folks, I guess it's the quality of their food that keeps this place empty.I came in for a quick fix me up after heavily drinking the night before. I could have had lunch somewhere better maybe like at the Grand Lux over at Venetian but I was feeling so horrible that I didn't even think I could make it to the car.I ordered my usual chicken pho and some egg rolls. Ugh, I was seriously disappointed at the taste of the pho. It tasted NOTHING like chicken pho. Even the worst pho restaurant doesn't compare to the TI pho.  Big mistake thinking it'll help with my hangover. I think it actually made it worse!Plus, I couldn't justify myself paying for such yucky pho for $12!!! Holy crap the most expensive pho I have ever paid for. Next time I'll just suck it up and go somewhere else for lunch or make the extra drive to Chinatown for pho. There's actually a lot of good places in Chinatown if you need your magical cure!!Their service was decent and not bad so I gave them an extra star for helping me out. If you're really desperate, I guess this place would do otherwise, make that extra 5 minute drive to Chinatown for somewhere else.
4	Pho was the perfect cure for a night of drinking sweet daquiris and eating junk food.   The broth was expertly spiced, the service was slow but friendly and the toppings for the soup were splendid.    We also had salad rolls that were decent but not as good as the pho.
4	Really hit the spot. I was skeptical of how good Pho inside a casino could be, but the Pho Ga was just what I wanted. Big portions and they don't skimp on the herbs either. Service was quick and friendly
4	What? Authentic Vietnamnese food on the Strip? Well, if you're too drunk or just wanting to eat quickly & missing Asian comfort food, then this place is for you! I had the Bun Cha Gio (vermicelli w/spring rolls) which came out in a HUGE bowl along with fish sauce/sweet n sour dipping sauce. It hit the spot for me. I couldn't finish it although I really tried. My husband ordered the "Special" marinated chicken plate. Wow! He got half of a chicken that was tasty, meaty and juicy. Geez, who serves you 1/2 chicken with rice (refillable, if you want more) for under $13 on the Strip?Admittedly, we stumbled upon this restaurant which shares it's space with the coffee shop in Treasure Island. I wasn't expecting the flavor and value that we got. Besides, the restaurant seems to have an "identity crisis" from the outside.  Service seemed a bit confused between the coffee shop and Vietnamnese sections. So, make sure you make it clear to the host/hostess which menu you want.  Once you're seated, service seems to perk up and be attentive.
1	Server was not courteous and hardly paid attention to us throughout our meal. She brought the check way too soon, we weren't even half way through with our meal! When we were ready to pay, the server did not come get our payment. We told another person that we were ready to pay, and she only told us in a rush that our server would get that from us. Where the heck is our server!? :/ Upsetting visit. Food was nothing better than OK. Way too expensive. Never returning here!
2	One of the very few appeals of staying in Treasure Island was the promise of authentic Vietnamese cuisine. When we went downstairs, what we found was a coffee cafe (that offered hamburgers, french toast, grilled cheese, etc.) merged with a pho restaurant. When one enters, one receives two menus: an American cafe menu and a Vietnamese pho menu. This was our first clue that something was amiss. There was a genuine lack of commitment here to the pho cuisine. When our server arrived, she was brusque and dismissive. When I ordered the vegetarian bahn mai, she blinked and said there was no such item. I politely indicated that it is located on the menu outside the door. She simply said, "no." No? (When the server left, I got up and inspected the menu posted at the entrance ... sure enough, "vegetarian bahn mai"). Since there were precious few other vegetarian options, I told her I would only be ordering the vegetarian spring rolls. She could have cared less about making a sale, checking the menu (about ten steps outside the door), or inquiring with the chef. She marched away. The spring rolls were adequate. The vermicelli inside (I think) was a bit over-cooked and mushy but the fried tofu was a nice touch. My boyfriend's bahn mai looked and smelled delicious! Crusty french roll, tasty beef, and refreshing carrots & cucumber. I'm fairly certain that the vegetarian bahn mai was supposed to have this tofu. How disappointing. The food here was entirely fine (I did not actually get much "food" per se, but my boyfriend enjoyed his). The service and the atmosphere (nothing like the smell of french toast mingling with Vietnamese cuisine) was abyssal.
4	Great service. Decent portions. Reasonable prices for Vietnamese food considering it's on the Las Vegas strip. And surprisingly , the bunh mi sandwich was delicious! Mmmm, sammiches!Will update with the pho later for dinner.
4	Only 4 cuz the food took a long time to come out and it's a little pricey...in dallas I pay 8 bucks for the same size bowl and uhhh 9 bucks for 2 egg rolls?!?! Really?!?!?!Broth is good though and it will satisfy your pho craving.
3	I guess a 3.75 would be more justifiable for me, but that may be a little too technical. I think it's great that there's a pho place on this side of the strip. Technically, the pho shop is now joint to the Coffee Shop at TI so you can order eggs and bacon with your pho too.I've been here a few times already at various hours of the day. If you can get here at an off hour, service would be much better. Most recently, we came here on Christmas Eve for lunch and although we got seated early, we had to wait about 10 minutes for our server to finally come around for the first time and ask if we wanted anything to drink. The food came another 20 minutes after that.The food itself is a obviously higher-priced because of the location. For what you're paying I do think you're getting a pretty good sized portion and if you're not super hungry you can probably even share a bowl or a plate with a friend or family member. Don't expect the best and most authentic Vietnamese food in the world, but it's actually pretty good. Enough to satiate the asian food crave, if that's what you want. The #14 chicken with rice is actually pretty good as well.
4	Friendly Customer service. I recommend the pho soup to everybody it's my favorite I always order it every time.
2	I was reduced to this when I was sick because I couldn't go out. I knew better than to order pho from a casino but I thought it couldn't be that bad, and I was right. It wasn't bad, plainish broth, too thick noodles. But there are no scenarios under which I would recommend this overpriced, mediocre pho, unless you're trapped at Treasure Island and sick.
2	Maybe I got too spoiled from all the great pho places in LA but this was seriously the worst pho I've ever had. First of all, my cousins coffee mug had a lip stick stain on it... Not even a small stain but a HUGE RED STAIN. Okay minor mistake no biggie.But then when we ordered our food, it literally took an hour to come out... And what was even worse was that our food was not hot it came out cold. What in the world.... I expect my pho to come out HOT. Sigh... Guess this is partially our fault for coming to a pho place in Vegas but CMON. Cold pho?!!!! Really? Really?  Do not come here unless you want mediocre tasting cold pho. You have been warned.
2	Ouch, should have known better than to eat pho in Vegas. $16 for a bowl of pho... The broth flavor is somewhat on-point, but way too cold for the clumped up slabs of meat to cook. The meats are tasteless, like they've been frozen forever. I've had much better pho back in Texas, but hey, it's Vegas.
3	As far as Vietnamese restaurants go, I've definitely had better, but this place gets 3 stars because it really hit the spot.  My gf's and I were craving pho after a night of clubbing and an afternoon at a pool party.  When we got to the restaurant, we wanted to order everything on the menu.  Good thing we only stuck w/ getting spring rolls to share and a bowl of pho each.  Spring rolls were okay--a bit on the dry side like they were made hours before.  The pho bowls were HUGE, but I think we all were able to finish.  Most of us got the special that came with the different varieties of meat.  The meat servings were very generous.  The broth wasn't very fragrant and a little bland but nothing hoisin sauce, srirach and fish sauce couldn't fix!We ordered a few items to go as well--vermicelli, banh mi, and spaghetti.  I didn't try the banh mi but my friends though they were good.  The other two dishes were good too.  I'd come back here for the pho b/c it really is the best cure after a night of drinking!
2	First they had a person who handled drinks, but couldn't order a beer from her. Weird! Another lady came and got our order and service was slow even it was not busy. 15 mins for our food?Order their pho. The broth was not hot and the noodles were undercook. It really didn't do the job. Failed.
1	I Hated their service the hostess, had the worst manners, she was super rude, IHonestly had to walk out... I would not recommend it I amUtterly upset, we walked in friends and they would not sit us close toEach other without a fee, on tooOf that even when we sat seperately, the hostess would refuse toGive our friends a chair for one of the guests. What kind of restaurant does not offer a chair, will Never visit this place again. people like this should not work in an environment... Worst experience ever!!!
4	Their Pho is really good and I'm picky when it comes to Pho. Prices is reasonable for being on the strip, not really expensive.  Their service is a little poor during the day and at night it can be pretty bad.  If they had great service all the time I would give 5 stars.
4	The only place I can find on the strip for Pho.  It is open till late and if you are trying to escape the buffets and pricey gourmet restaurants and steakhouses, this is the place to go.  It's in the Treasure Island Hotel  The pho tastes good but the noodles were slightly undercooked.  I will come back again if I want Pho along the strip.
1	Wow, bummer, this place has really slipped...  I have visited this place for years, while coming into town on business.  The prices are way up, and the service and quality of the food are way down.  Honestly, the Pho was so salty, I could hardly eat it!  The noodles were cooked well, the beef was okay, the bean sprouts were very old and the peppers and basil were okay.  I also got an order of egg rolls for $9.95, and a beer for $7; yes, the prices are bad!  My bill for a beer, the worst pho I've ever had, and egg rolls with a tip was $40, crazy!!!
2	Glad they're open 24 hours, but it would be nice to have more than 3 servers available. Hungry after a night at Surrender. Waited in line for at least 20 minutes for a table for four. My high heels were killing me. I opted for a breakfast item, French Toast and everything came out alright. Sad that they only sell/serve the pho menu items until 2:30am on Fri/Sat. Second day, during daytime hours, we had just come in after a pool party at Encore Beach Club and they refused to serve/seat us until my friend wearing a crop top, shorts, and flipflops "put a shirt on." It's not like we were wearing bikini tops and see-through sarong wraps! They don't take to-go orders, so we just ordered two bowls of pho through room service. Lame. Gave 'em one last try after a late night at Drais, and their Vietnamese menu was still available. Shrimp and pork spring rolls came with peanut sauce (loaded with chopped peanuts) and were just okay, wrapped tightly and didn't fall apart. I got the grilled pork over rice vermicelli noodles and it came with the same peanut sauce as the spring rolls. Shouldn't it come with a spicy fish sauce with shredded carrots? It was a pretty huge bowl though, and I was able to finish all the meat and some veggies. Easily twice as much as a bowl I could get back home in Little Saigon.
1	I came here with a group of girls and 1 guy. The moment we walked in, I knew it was a biggest mistake to eat here. If you want Pho, better off drive or take a taxi to China town at Spring Mountain. A bowl of Pho usually costs $6, here they charge $13.99. Spring rolls or egg rolls $3.99, here is $9.99. I got the cheapest in the menu Pho Beef $13.99, the beef tasted horrible like it was in the freezer for months. Their spring roll looked so nasty that we didn't even bother touching it. Let's just say none of that matters since we're in Vegas and that's the price we have to pay for. What's shocking is that we got the worst service by an old white lady who gave us attitude from the very beginning. She brought us eggs rolls when we ordered spring rolls. When we told her that she made a mistake, she refused to take it back and repeatedly accused us of ordering it wrong using her strong harsh voice and attitude towards us. But later she took the egg rolls and gave us the spring rolls. At the end, we paid for the bill and tipped her $15 when she deserves 0. She looked at the spring roll and said why we didn't eat it. We said its not edible and looked nasty, then she gave us another attitude and said if you don't eat it then I can't take it back and refund the money. Lady we already paid for the bill and didn't ask for the refund!! She was lucky that day. If I came by myself, she would be in trouble. I won't tolerate that kind of service.
4	At first I was a little thrown back about Pho in a coffee shop- but they pulled it off well.I ordered the beef with broccoli and, although it wasn't steaming hot, the taste was very good. It was a good-sized portion that will keep you full for hours.And, if you're eating alone, be sure to ask for a table by the crosswalk area. There's some great people watching to be had.
4	This place seems to be getting a bad rap on Yelp. I just ate here and was pleasantly surprised. Pho is one of my go-to comfort foods, and I've tried that delicious beef broth all over the country. Sure, the service is slow at this place. And yes, the beef in my Pho Tai was not of the best quality. But let's face it: you won't find a better Vietnamese place along the Vegas Strip. The broth was actually pretty consistent, if not better (thanks to MSG), than many pho places I've tried. I'd give it 3.8 stars out of 5. Ignore the nasty older reviews--perhaps this place has gotten some new cooks in the kitchen.
2	Terrible lines horrible management. Love the food but every time we go-we are locals and occasionally find ourselves at TI/Mystere, there's tons of tables rude staff and though there maybe no lines we always have to wait 30min. Skip this place and go to Le Thai
3	I came here with my family and a couple from LA who was visiting. I ordered beef Noodle Soup which is Rare Beef, Well Done Beef Tendon, & Meat Balls. The price I thought was high but it's located inside Treasure Island. That was $14.95 and it was good. I also tried the Vietnamese spring Roll-Fresh Pork and Shrimp Spring Rolls, 2 pieces for $9.50.
3	2 stars, but I'm giving then 1 extra for decent pho after being hung over.Otherwise the service and price for the food deserves only 2 stars. We waited a good 20 minutes before our drinks server told us that our waiter "isn't here yet" (?) and that she would get the manager to serve us.It's ridiculous to hear about this kind of waiter-turf-war going on in a restaurant where other waiters aren't willing to serve other tables because it's not part of their responsibility. After that, the food took another good 40 minutes or so to arrive.This place apparently also serves an American breakfast which is very bizarre.
4	I want to give this 5 stars however I can't based on the service. The food was great. I ordered off the Pho menu. I ordered the vietnamese egg rolls, and soup. Both were delicious. I loved the pho, it was not greasy and had a great flavor. The people I went with ate the more traditional food which they said was very good. It's great for a late night bite to eat. The service was lacking. We ordered, but had to repeat ourselves twice to make sure she heard us. Then they switched waiters on us but said nothing, then it seemed like we watied forever for our bill, and then was told that someone else would check us out. That person we never saw, then I handed it to another waiter walking by who took it and checked us out after another 10 minute wait. It was just a really long time to wait and pay. The people on the way out smiled and were friendly but the wait staff were not.
5	The Vietnamese soup is really good I know some people say that they rather go somewhere else but hey for at treasure Island Casino getting it pretty close to the real thing I give it five stars for that. The pho is really good it's a very decent portion and a vegetable chicken fried rice was awesome call me traditional and all fashion but I'm also not Vietnamese so besides that I believe the food was amazing
5	We went to this restaurant at Dec 21 ,2014 night. Their beef pho bowl and seafood pho bowl are both awesome. The food is  traditional and authentic, you'll definitely feel that it is very special and different compare to many other Asian food.The price is $13 beef bowl and $16 seafood bowl, very fair price regarding the amount and the quality they served .   The restaurant is inside Treasure island resort, the environment is very good though a little bit noisy.
