4	Set a few blocks past the freeway, west of The Strip, this enormous warehouse-like space is more like a Costco for imported food than like any supermarket you've ever seen.Along the south side of the building, you'll find mostly European and New World fare. The rear of the store includes a small but exotic produce selection, a bit of cheese, some meats, and a service counter for seafood --- alas, no live creatures other than lobster. .Crossing the main aisle, you find yourself in among goods from all over Asia and the Pacific. Moving back to the front of the store, you'll find three rows of housewares: Cutting boards in every color of the rainbow, steamers of all sizes, and clever containers galore.As you make your way to the checkstands, you'll inevitably find it hard to resist a small detour through the collection of plates and bowls on offer. It's enough to make you want to throw out your dirty undies to make room in the suitcase for a few tiny dishes.Note: All prices on the shelves reflect a 5% member's discount, but most items seemed competitively priced (presuming that you could find them elsewhere at all).
5	Membership $10 for a year. Totally worth it. Don't even think twice.Antia's overview is spot-on. Expect an "international CostCo" and if you're into that kind of thing, allow at least an hour, because this place has soooo many items - and it changes monthly - if its your first time, take your time... I've posted some pics from my most recent visit last week. Here are a few little gems I found on this latest excursion:- Goji Berries (they call "BoxThorn" identical to the ones sold at Whole Foods for $15) - $2.59- 6 lbs of Course Sea Salt $1.89This time I found Hawaiian Taro Pancake Mix, Guava-everything, globally imported cheeses (Haloumi, Feta...), Bratwurst, Liverwurst, so many sausages , Coconut syrup, Bamboo cutting boards, an imposing wall-sculpture of gallons of Italian Olive Oils (see pic), and so many more ethnic goodies you just have to see to believe. German, Iranian, Ethiopian, British, Thai, Hawaiian, Polish - when you're done here, your kitchen will be an international treasure trove. Oh also, there are cookies, candies from all over the world hanging out at the cash register area. By the time you're done roaming the store, you're hungry, and the temptation is great for the marzipan, the Belgian licorice, the Cadbury Flake, the Pizelles, the ladyfingers and amaretti. They even have Malteasers. Explore! Have fun! :)
5	The English Biscuits are the best, as are the PG Tips.For most brit items, they are much cheaper than British Grocers.We always buy our edamame & frozen veg dumplings from here.They are a great light meal, when it's too late or you're too tired to cook.I get all of my Thai ingredients there as well.Oh & they carry Taramasolata.  Yummmy!I have to allow myself a set amount of money going in there or I'd spend far too much.
4	Just ran across the reviews for this place the other day and went to check it out since it's close to work.  It does have almost everything food related from around the world.  Pretty amazing.  Produce and fish sections were minimal but clean and fresh looking.  Main attraction is all the packaged food sections.  Some prices were better than Dinho or Ranch99.  It might not satisfy everybody but sure makes it convenient to have so much in one store.  I paid the 10 bucks and became a member.
5	Incredible store.  $10 membership for 1 year gets you the best selection of packaged international foods in Las Vegas.  Not much I can add to the other reviews, except that they have have tea in every aisle, lots of rice, and helpful workers.  The only problem is that the store has such limited hours.  Monday to Saturday, 9 am to 6 pm!  In Las Vegas?  I arrived at 4:30, lost track of time, and was running all over the place in the last 15 minutes trying to find anything else that would my attention.  The prices are incredible, as well.  For having such a good selection of goods that are difficult if not impossible to find anywhere else in Las Vegas, they keep their price well within a poor college student's budget, like mine!  Highly recommended.
2	Thankfully, the owner is a good friend of mine, So i can avoid the $10 yearly membership.  Hell, if you even pay 40, 50, or 100, its still worth it.  The food items will make you dizzy.  There are so many things to buy and try.  If somehow, they can set up tasting/sample tables for the items....the Look out costco.My fav. is the seafood.  You can get every thing ever fished outta the ocean for whole prices.  Cant go wrong.MY how times have changed.  Even in recession ravaged vegas, this place suffers...... from great to bad in less than 12 months....
4	Huge food warehouse with food around the world.  Also includes cooking equipment.  Good selection of British chocolates and chinese foodstuffs.  One gripe is that it closes early around 6pm.  Not good for us nightbirds. :(
4	Ok, so ive been going to the International Marketplace for about 10 years now.... My best friends g-ma and family are from England and this is where she gets all her English fixings from when she is craving home!Crunchie Bars, Hoola Hoops, Digestives, Tea, Beans....... OHhhhhhh HEAVEN!!! They have a wonderful English selection about 2 rows of stuff! It is a bit expensive, but not as expensive as going to England to get it and bring it back...The place stinks though...... I mean hold your nose for the 1st 5 minutes stink!!Get in and get out... well worth it though if your into International stuff.Its closed on Sunday's which sucks.. but if you can make it during business hours well worth the treck there.
4	The one and only reason I go to this place is for the fresh Ahi Poke. If you dont know what ahi poke is.... Then you are definitely missing out in life. Ahi Poke is "A raw seafood salad that is made with soy sauce, green onions, seaweed, and sesame seeds." Of course there are tons of variations but thats the most basic. This place makes it fresh everyday and usually sells out by the afternoon. A pound (medium container) will set you back $10. That's not bad considering you're getting good quailty fresh raw fish. They also have Tako poke which is octopus instead of the ahi tuna. YUM!To be honest, I usually dont peruse up and down the aisles. Its usually in, straight to the seafood counter, order, pay, go home eat. I'm pretty sure this place sells other items that are worthwhile, but I already found my gem in here. Membership costs $10 a year or else its 5% extra to your total cost.And of course I posted a picture of the tasty ahi poke.
4	This place ROCKS!!! Find fresh ethnic foods, decor, nic-naks, dishes, veggies, meats, fish, pots-pans, paintings, blankets, plants, vitamins...just about anything! Today was my fiirst day going there and I loved it!  Forget going into china town...this place has great prices and is a one stop! Check it out...
4	4 stars for selection.  I found way more cool stuff than I could conceivably carry home or consume.  They have a good selection of British items, decent selections of German/Dutch/Scandinavian items, Mediterranean items, a wide selection of Asian items, some Latino foods, more varieties of pasta than I ever dreamed existed, fresh produce and seafood, kitchenware, and I'm sure I'm failing to mention a great deal more.  It's definitely an interesting place to browse, and prices are definitely less than Whole Foods Market.If you have a car and a family, it would probably be worth it to get the $10 annual membership, but for me the 5% surcharge wouldn't break even until I'd spent $200.  Car-less and without family, I just go with the surcharge.
5	this is my favorite place. Big thanks to other yelp reviews for this. I talked to the lady about getting a member ship. She said that it's not worth it unless you shop here alot. Its kinda like a costco with international foodI found chocolate that i loved in holland, jam from sweden and tofu, miso soup and pig snouts (i haven't had one nor know how to make one. but worth a mention. It closes early around six so get there early and have some fun.Oh update! love the food, as i munch on my chocolate from around the world! :)
5	this has to be one of my favorite yelp finds...it is in a warehouse type of building.  as the moniker implies, they carry items from all over the world...arranged by country.  some of the countries represented include(in no way exhaustive): japan, korea, china, india,italy, germany, holland, belgium, thailand, britain, greece...although there is a bit of everything, the main focus is asian items...grocery/packaged goods/kitchen warethe prices are very reasonable...but there is a $10 membership fee which is well worth it if you live in las vegas...or you could pay 5% markup if you just wanna browse and pick up a couple of thingsmy last haul:PG tips (one of my favorite british teas)tetley teadigestivesamaretti cookiespoppy seedsmustard seedsdashi dateh tariqif you're going for the first time, allow at least 2 hours to look around and shop
5	This is a huge market, selling products from every corner of the globe! They also have a pretty decent selection of meats, seafood, and produce. I have yet to see any alcohol yet, though, and am wondering if they're working on a liquor license. If you plan to go often, definitely pay the annual $10 for 5% off.
5	so let's just say i wish we had a store like this here in the bay area. yeah, we have lots of international markets, but not one big one like this.while visiting the boyfriend's parents, his mom needed to go to the international marketplace to pick up some seafood, etc. when we got to the parking lot, i remembered i had driven past this place before and wanted to visit it. walking in, i was astonished at how big the store was and how much stuff they carried. like many others mentioned, it's like a costco of international foods. they had everything from european, middle eastern, etc. etc. etc. with half of the store consisting of asian foods. this place is awesome because of the variety of items they carry. im not very familiar with other cultures of foods, but as far as the asian and chinese foods, i found so many things that i had never seen before or cannot find in the states. one of my favorite sections was the area with all of the sauces, condiments, oils, and etc. i have NEVER seen anywhere with literally an aisle and wall just for these items... yum! (i am a lover for condiments and sauces).i didn't end up buying anything since i was in vegas on vacation, and didn't want the hassle of bringing things back with me. but wow, i really wish we had a marketplace like this here in the bay.definitely check out the international marketplace if you like food! especially international foods.
3	Since I didn't know their store hours, I went on Sunday. Yes, it was closed. I went back on Monday and finally I went inside. It was a big market and had many isles sorted by countries with lots of food. Since I live in O.C. where you can easily get to ethnic markets such as Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese, and middle eastern, I was fascinated by Russian and other European countries' food.  I found lots of neat sfuff that I haven't found in O.C.  When I compared prices between O.C. ethnic markets and this market, some are more expensive but it wasn't bad overall. (especially you can save 5% when you pay $10 for a yearly membership) Watch expiration dates when you buy anything here. It's a big place with lots of food and not enough staff to watch every single item's expiration date. By the way, their store hour is Monday-Saturday: 9a.m-6p.m Sunday: closed
4	This place is a dream come true.  I was beginning to think I wouldn't find a market in Vegas that catered to my cooking needs.We found everything that we needed to make next week's menu which will include Pho and some kind of sushi roll.I was happy to come upon the Filipino aisle with vinegar galore, and halo-halo heaven.  Part of me can't wait for summer so I can have halo-halo with a butt-load of coconut gel.  Mmmmmm OH MY GOODNESS.The boyfriend and I got our respective snacks: my Strawberry filled Sunflower Crackers and his dried squid, which I still can't eat.They have a great assortment of ceramic dishes and your choice of spiritual aids, from Buddha to Jesus.  It's like the world came together in perfect harmony. Okay... this is almost inchoherent.  Sorry everyone.---Minus 1 star for the membership.  It's not mandatory, but I wonder how much we would have saved on everything we bought.
4	Where else can you buy whole fish, sauerkraut, 50-lb bags of rice and ninja swords in the same place?A wide variety of products from around the world (slightly skewed towards Asian products), selling lots of items I've never seen elsewhere in LV. Small produce selection with great prices, and cheap meat.Well worth the $10 membership fee if you do any sort of ethnic cooking.
4	Beats any international market I have visited in Vegas.  Unlike some Asian Nations/ Latin American international markets, this place has a greater diversity of regions represented including Turkey/Balkans, Italy, Germany, Netherlands, Scandinavia, Britain, Thailand, Vietnam, China, Japan, and Korea.  I spent the most time in the German section where I picked up my favorite Bavarian mustard (Haendelmaiers) and Forest Honey (there was so much German honey!)  Unlike many international markets that I have been to, this one had extensive frozen offerings besides weird seafood.Given the scope of the product types and regions that are housed in this warehouse cum metasupermarket I was not able to determine which countries were underrepresented or absent.  My main complaints are that there was no incense section, and the Indian section was rather small despite the presence of great Indian basmati.
1	Shame on International Marketplace,they erase and create their own expirationdates on some of the food products.I confronted them on this, they were speechlesswhen I removed an expiration date stickershow the item was already expired!!They also have the worse customer service I haveever seen!!!Also beware of the filipino aisle, most snacks are expired, and they have no expiration dates!
4	Finally a place for a multicultural cooking household! I can get Asian goods  at a lot of places, but I like we have a one stop shop where my food ADHD can be happy and get global!  We're a multi cultural and adventurous household so this place is rather fun. I sometimes find things that I have no clue what it is, but I'll figure out how to prepare it and try something out of my comfort zone. The veggies are HUGE and cheap and fresh. I mean I just bought two zucchinis the length of a bowling pin for 88cents! It was $2 for a big shitake mushroom package!  A few months ago I bought a third of the amount in the package for $4 at the regular grocery. I'm not a fan much of the meat and fish selection- I feel it's not as fresh as I want it to be and I get a lot of free range stuff anyways. Dry goods/sauces/frozen stuff is all pretty good selection.I can browse slowly aisle by aisle each time and come back and do it all again and find something new, something I missed.. The variety alone kinda deserves 5 stars, but I give it a 4/"I'm a fan" rating for three things: Sometimes stock is old so you have to look at things carefully. Yeah this place is big and filled so I can't blame them entirely, but I dont think they look through their shelf stock to regulate either. I got a unpopular Brit sweet that I tend to like and it was rock hard and saw it was 10 months past the freshness date. Usually sweets made can last for 1-2 years after they are made so that means it's sat for ages.  Now I know to look and regulate my purchases myself. Only had this problem with sweets/cookies kind of stuff but most the canned and bottled items have been fine. Meat and fish doesn't always look that great. Frankly the fish counter area is usually dirty with the floors wet around it and smelling. Yucky. Secondly- CLOSED SUNDAYS?! Seriously do not get how certain businesses are closed sundays when its a major family day/day off day/errand day.  Supermarkets and restaurants are mostly visited weekends and they would get so much more business with a Sunday than being open on a day like Wednesday. It leaves me going early on a Saturday only as night people like us can't shop the week or asking in-laws for goodies if they make a weekday trip. I just find it odd for a grocery store to be closed a whole day in general. Overall, I'm glad this place exist.
4	As an Australian living in Las Vegas I really enjoy International Marketplace and the wide array of non-American products they make available. This can really take the edge off the longing for good old favourites from back home.There's stuff I can get here that I can't find anywhere else in the valley, or in some cases cheaper than the few other places they are available.The only real drawbacks about the place is they can be bad about restocking certain products and there can be repeated fruitless visits only to find the thing you are looking for empty or filled over with some other product.  The building also smells a vaguely unpleasant and fishy due to the seafood section. It would be great if they were open on Sunday too.Overall though, this place is a real boon for the expat in Las Vegas.
4	I needed a new rice cooker today, after searching all of china town , i ended up here. I wish I would have gone here first. This is rice cooker heaven , they had about 30 or so to choose from, I settled in on a new slimline Tiger, It's made in Japan, and I can't wait to try it out !Now if I could only find the chili paste I like . It has whole peanuts and little chunks of deep fried tofu, anybody know where I can get it?
4	Being that My wifey is from Germany, we were looking for a place that may carry some of her favorite treats and delights from Deutschland.  They did not fail to impress.  They carried her favorite cake mix, candy, soups and pastas.  well worth the membership money for the year....  I definitely love this place.
2	On first glance, I thought...woohoo...the holy grail...but after 20 minutes of contradictory (actually more like anti-help than) help locating lazy susans, only to be told they don't sell them...not to mention the full nasal assault from the fish department (dayum...) and whatever else is dying back there...uh, I think I'm good...I've lived here 5 years, and it was my first trip....and I think that might suffice for another 5...
4	I'm not giving 5 stars to International Marketplace for ONE reason only: They are NOT open Sundays! Booooo! Get with the program, you are losing SOOO many customers by not being open in this 24-hour town on one day a week. Close Wednesday or another day, but Sunday? Even being closed for religious reasons is dissappointing for sooo many in town.They are the only store in Vegas to carry Scandinavian foods in any amount (Wasa crispbreads don't count Albertson's!) and for that, i'm very very thankful. The German foods are well-stocked, as are all the Middle Eastern sections.If you love tea like I do, you'll adore the IM. In each country's sections, there will be teas. The Persian/Egyptian tea selection, moving to the British, then to Japanese then Chinese is heaven on earth for -any- tea lover.They have finally put some $$$ back into the business and upgraded the fish counter and the fresh fruits and veggie department and it's MUCH better than it used to be. The overpowering fish smell in it was so minimal, I thought something was wrong with my nose!The BEST time to hit the IM is around the holidays, at the first few weeks of November. That's when all the holiday goodies from the UK and Gemany are stocked. Great gifty-type stuff that never fails to get a good response when i've given it.I've never had a problem with expired dates on -anything- here, so i'm very surprised to read complaints about this.
5	This store is incredible!! The only thing that I regret is not finding this store sooner and saving TONS of money!If you can't find what you are looking for in this store or anything that apeals to you, then you are either:1) Completely ignorant of other cultures and their beautiful cuisines and foods.2) Too picky for your own good...3) Too shy or scared to try new and wonderful foods and flavors.4) Not willing to look through the whole store for AT LEAST ONE thing that you like. Sometimes I see people just walking through the store with no basket or shopping cart in like 5 minutes...I am like "wow, you really can't find anything that you like or even looks interesting?"5) Just don't know how to utilize this store to the fullest and try foods from all over the world right in your own house and kitchen!I must say that this store is great and the $10 membership is completely worth it! The membership is nothing like the one you have at Costco... It is worth it if you shop here a few times a year and believe me, that is not very hard to do... I shop at Albertson's and Smith's a lot and I spend a whole lot more than I do here. Even then I am not very excited about the things that I buy. But at IMP, I can ALWAYS find something new and interesting  to try. Even if I don't buy something, it is so interesting to see foods and items from all over the world! By the time that I am done shopping, I feel that I have just travelled to 50 countries in just a few minutes or hours.Although I must admit that the store is a bit messy and unorganized, it really doesn't matter because I am always distracted by something I see on the shelf. I hope that everyone who lives in Las Vegas or even visits the city comes here because it is amazing! Even though I live in Vegas where things are supposed to be "crazy and exciting" all the time, it really seems boring to live in Vegas with nothing to really do on my days off or or the weekends. Sometimes, I just want to stay at home and cook something new and interesting and this is the store to go to.Finally, the great thing about this store is that it is for everyone. I have seen professional chefs, restaurant owners, and everything in between walk into the store when I am here. The store is especially an amazing tool and food heaven for anyone who likes to cook. Even if you don't know how to cook, print out a few recipes online and find all the ingredients here and try to cook. I hope everyone enjoys this store as much as I do! Just remember, don't be too picky! Just be open minded and look through the aises instead of just skimming through them! Believe me it is worth it and you won't be dissappointed! I think I'll head there now and buy some ingredients to try out this new recipe that I found!
4	Like almost everyone else, I am knocking off 1 star for the fact that they don't open on Sundays and the fact that they close at 6pm on other days. Also, the smell of the fish is quite nauseating towards the back of the store.I am seriously impressed by this place as I found the following items which I have been getting my family to send to me from Singapore here yesterday:1. Maggi Curry Instant Noodles - this particular curry noodle (made in Singapore) was a favorite growing up. I have never been able to find it here till now2. Lingham's Chilli Sauce - Another favorite growing up3. Khong Guan Coconut and Butter Biscuits - Less than 2 bucks, this is my go-to indulgence at home4. Kinder chocolates - Yes, I know other places carry it but oh well, I love them.I know that they added (1) and (2) in the last 6 months as that was the last time I has been there (looking for these items). These guys have an amazing selection of pastes, sauces, dried noodles etc. Their veggie selection is also good...I got raw mangoes, shitake mushrooms, banana flowers (realized i had no idea how to cook this stuff), bok choy and caught eye of mangosteens. All of which were priced cheaper than I have seen anywhere else in Las Vegas. I also managed to score a cute little Buddha statue for the house and saw some interesting pots/home decor items. A great place to spend some time (before 6 pm and not on a Sunday) perusing and discovering some international treasures.
4	This place is great for this Kiwi from New Zealand!  The one thing I have to have is Ribena (black current juice) and the price here is good, better than the British store.  They also have meat pies in the freezer but I find them a bit dry and make my own.  I can find most of the Asian ingredients I love to cook with and the to go at the front of the store is good for roast duck and pork and the BBQ pork is also yummy.
1	Service has improved a little at this place, but they continue to make their own expiration date stickers, to cover the actual date on the product. So beware, they are small white rectangular stickers. So look for the cover up! Peel it off and see the real date, and ask for the manager, but good look, he will never show his face!!! it tells the person at the customer service counter to deal with it!!!
4	My husband & I come here for fun - which tells you something about us.  :-)  This is an awesome market where you can spend a long time walking around and shopping for so many interesting and hard to find foods and cookware.  It's arranged by regions - for example there are small sections for Middle Eastern, German, Eastern European and Latin American.  The majority of the products are East Asian - I've never seen so many types of soya sauce in one place!  It can be hard to choose!  There's a small fish, meat and veg section, not as big at some other markets.  You can also find a good selection of pots, rice cookers and gorgeous rice bowls.  We went ahead and paid the $10 membership fee... I'm still not sure if I feel it was really worth it.  Also, I'd love to see more Indian and South Asian products - that is very slim pickings.  So it's not a one stop shop for me, but we definitely never leave there without finding something we just don't want to live without!
4	this place is excellent if you are looking for international (as the name of the place suggest) items!  the only thing is they are not open on sundays.
3	Hubby and I went here recently to look for some authentic German foods to surprise our borrowed daughter with.  Hanne is an exchange student from Berlin and we get to borrow her for the year (I am still trying to figure out ho we can keep her forever!  But I digress...).  Our Hanne-girl was homesick and I heard her mention how much she missed German bread.  I guess it is a whole new level of amazing!  I knew Yelp would save the day and it did!  Thanks to my fellow Yelpers I knew I had to get there before 6:30 and to be prepared for the fishy smell...  Which was worth it because not only were we able to get some bread but honey, jam, pickles and chocolate!  She was very happy and I look forward to learning more about her culture through food on our future visits together.Just three reasons for not making this a four or five star rating...1.) You MUST read the labels for expiration dates - the thick layer of dust on some of the containers is a good indicator as well.  Lots of expired stuff.2.) Yes, I said the fishy smell was worth it but I really wish that they could do something about it - it is pretty nasty and makes the rest of the store come across as filthier than it really is.3.) The stupid membership card thing - just either lower the prices 5% across the board or raise them 5% for everyone - Grrrrrrr!
5	My culinary world just opened wide! So many great things I haven't been able to find anywhere else in Vegas! From harissa to frozen crawfish to the steak and kidney pie from my youth - just amazing. Don't forget the vegetarian haggis!
4	I'm going to cut to the chase: I hate grocery shopping.I don't like the lines, the time it takes, sorting through all the items, it just wears me down.  But I like this place.  A lot.Why?  Because I honestly have no clue what I'm going to find in here.  I went here for the first time last weekend about 30 minutes before closing, and realized that this is not enough time to see everything.It's a little bit of everything.  I got kalua pork, meat/vegetable dumplings, fresh fish... all sorts of weird, different, unique foods.  The missus even got some Hawaiian hot dogs that the color of which I can only describe as "scary ass red", but I tried them for lunch, and they were quite tasty (I just covered them with a LOT of condiments and closed my eyes for the first bite or two).The whole place just seemed like a wonderland of random food choices.  Not bad stuff, but things I've never tried, and the "daring" in me wanted to sample some of these new brands and imported options.  So far, so good.Some people have complained about the "fishy" smell, and yes, it's there.  I'm not used to seeing fish like that in a regular supermarket, but it did reminded me of my childhood going to the fish markets in Florida.  Strange but true, I actually liked the smell as it triggered a good memory for me, and the fish is definitely fresh.  And good.  And the prices are reasonable on most items.I'm not a fan of the hours.  At 9-6 Monday-Saturday, it makes it hard to get off of work and get over there, and I'm still not about spending my Saturday morning/afternoon at a grocery store, no matter how enticing the food prospects are.So as far as grocery stores go, this one is actually... interesting?  Can I use that to describe such a place?  At any rate, I don't think it will cure me of my dislike for grocery shopping, but I could see myself grumbling a lot less in visiting here.
5	Wow, this place is a food lovers and chef's dream.  What an idiot, I took my less than patient 5 year old son in to find a certain item that I was having trouble finding in town and not only did I find the item, I was blown away at all of the awesome stuff in here.  I could easily spend 90minutes to 2 hours in here just walking around looking at product.  If you are a foody you MUST visit.
4	I will never need to go see a shrink as long as I have a grocery store to walk. Nothing is more soothing than walking through a place that sustains life to mellow me out. This warehouse style marketplace carries a variety of ethnic ingredients and allows for me to get creative with my cooking. I can buy my large Sam's Club size package of dried red peppers to make Korean food, go down the aisle to pick up some spring roll wrappers for Vietnamese, walk a little more to find green curry paste to satisfy my Thai craving, and that does not even cover a third of the cuisine I could cook if I wanted to. The prices for some of the items can be as cheap as half of another Asian supermarket on Spring Mountain, but you would need to get a membership to see those prices. I cannot remember how much it is, but it is definitely below $20. If you like roasted duck, go to the fast food joint up front. They sell a whole duck for $17. My family use to go to Sam Woo but they charge over $20 and have the audacity to steal some prime pieces. The workers here are honest and friendly.
5	I am rating this 5 stars simply for the selection that is available here and that I went in for one thing that I could not seem to find anywhere else in Las Vegas (seafood city, Ranch 99, etc.) and they had it, in droves. I like this market a lot for that reason, because its not all the way over on Spring Mountain, because the selection is huge. It is like a large international warehouse of foods and goods from all over. I had thought it would be dominated by Asian groceries and such so I was definitely pleased to see so many other countries represented here as well. Next time I'm going to look for the Irish Soda Bread I recently enjoyed in Ireland.
5	If I ever needed to cook traditional dishes and missing an ingredient, this place will have it. Not only is it a great place to shop for the best and cheapest vegetables and I grew up eating, you can find great cooking utensils, snacks and the gum that helped me blow the biggest bubble. It's like home. This place inspires me to cook new dishes and to try new foods from all over the world. I love this place!!!
5	This place is a worthy air-conditioned alternative to going to the movies or to a museum. It's like a museum in itself -- food from every imaginable corner of the Earth. They have a Russian aisle...a Serbo-Croatian aisle...a Macedonian aisle...even a Zimbabwean aisle (well, maybe not...but seriously, just about every country on Earth is represented here).Half this huuuuge store is dedicated to the various Asian countries, but the other half is split between all the weird, funky, former Eastern Bloc and various other European countries. SO MUCH FUN to just walk up and down the aisles looking at stuff. Dutch mayonnaise! Greek olives! German wieners! Baked beans from Merry Olde England!If you're even remotely adventurous, try buying some weird shit and then having a picnic! One time I went and bought the awesomely-named Barpy! chocolate spread, some delicious Bulgarian feta and some super-nommy Romanian sausage. Another time, I was on an alcohol-only diet, so I just bought mixers: some freaky English soft drink made from Dandelion and Burdock juice (?!?!), and a bottle of mysterious Russian liquid simply labeled "COK." This latter was purchased for its obvious Beavis & Butt-head value, but ended up being just birch water (whatever that is!)...either way, both were excellent mixed with vodka!Live a little...try this place instead of dumb-ass Vons next time!
3	So we were on our way to dinner and drove by this place. Decided to swing in and take a look. Wow!! I have never been to such a diverse store. They absolutely have something for every ethnicity. Bought some stuff to send to a friend. Supposed to have a membership or pay 5% more on your bill,but we were never charged that. Will probably go back to show some friends and family.
4	I had a great time navigating through each and every aisle. This place carried so many things from around the world. Even though I didn't know what things were, I based some of my selections from the pictures on the packaging, as well as the directions in English.I seriously can't wait to prepare and try everything that I bought. I can't believe that kamaboko cost $3.29 there (Vegas), yet here back home (Hawaii), I complain when I have to pay $1.99 on sale. I guess no more grumbling on my end, I have to sympathize with the transplanted locals there. They even had taro leaves so you could make some homemade laulau's, which, I observed a family doing, when I saw their 3 carts filled withllaulau leaves and other goodies to throw down one awesome luau. So if you're from Hawaii or anywhere else for that matter, bookmark this place and go take a look. You never know what you'll find.Plus, you won't have to travel abroad to bring back some assorted delicacies to spark the inner chef in you.Just a note as other yelpers have mentioned, if you don't buy into their yearly membership ($10.00), they tack on 5% to your total bill. Yet, I don't think they charge food tax..............Till next time, happy eating!
4	I'm not sure if it's genetic, but both my brother and I enjoy meandering grocery stores. For me, it's an escapist tactic - I get lost in pretty packaging, interesting products as well as all the delicious things I could make with said pretty, interesting products.Oh, International Market...you indulge me. What I love is whatever I can't pick up at the normal grocery store or refuse to shell out double its price at Whole Foods I can always find at International Marketplace. Phyllo dough! Tahini! Blueberry tea? Done! The store is roughly divided into European delights on one side with Asian delicacies on the other - produce and meat separating the two factions. The employees are usually tasking, but always there in the event of a question. As for prices, they're somewhat high...but I can always justify it with my mom's membership card (avoid a surcharge for less than twenty bucks) or the fact it's most likely imported from distant lands.
5	This place has everything you can possible think of , great of you want to a different cuisine one night. It is a huge warehouse of all types of food nothing too fancy , just a place you need to visit.But the produce and meat section is wonderful. The seafood is fresh  and the produce section is also very affordable, you get a lot for your money.
4	I'm Filipino and am always in need of my essentials... large bag of rice, lumpia wrappers, longanisa, and bagoong. :P We used to have a little store around the corner and then it closed. There used to be one on Rainbow and then that closed. So, I was happy to hear about International Marketplace and haven't gone elsewhere since. And this is no little store. If you were to peruse each and every aisle, you would need 2 hours (at least)... it's that big. Not only only does the store satisfy my Filipino needs, but it offers so much more. My boyfriend used to live in Hawaii and doesn't like any other soy sauce than Aloha Shoyu. Thank goodness they carry it. I was pretty excited to find a spam musubi mold here, also. My musubi, prior to the mold, weren't so pretty. :P Whenever I need any kind of Goya brand ingredients for Puerto Rican or Cuban dishes, I know I can find them here. They carry products from all over the world. If ever you're searching for something particular and don't know where to go, I would come here first. They have everything from canned goods, frozen food, fresh seafood, produce, and kitchenware. Right outside their front doors, they even have a selection of prepared foods. I've yet to purchase anything from there, but it always smells good when I walk by.
5	This place is amazing if you're a fan of international products, like things you used to have in foreign countries that you wanted but can't get at Safeway -- or World Market, even.  No faux-international standbys are here, it's all big selections from around the world.  On top of that, a really wide selection of live and on-ice fish are here too!I really loved their UK selection.  You can get an Aero bar at Fresh and Easy, sure, but you can't get 9/10ths of the stock they had for Scottish, English and Irish foods there -- like IRN-BRU!  The official other drink of Scotland.    Then you go 20 feet and you pick up some Japanese chips you couldn't get anywhere else but this one little market in Henderson!  It's a great consolidation of a few ethnic stores that are all over the valley for me.  I still love them, but this is a great and interesting store.  The only downside is that it's either $10 a membership or 5% surcharge on every purchase you make.  The prices happen to be more reasonable than World Market on most things... so in the end, a really cool place you should stop into if you're a global sort of eater!
4	I was wandering through Yelp the other day while I was planning a recent trip to Las Vegas.  I wanted to find good-tasting, reasonably-priced restaurants that weren't on the Strip. Somehow in my wanderings I happened across the International Marketplace.  Being an unrepentant Trader-Joes-aholoic with more-than occasional foreys into assorted international stores, and international food lover, I knew I had to go.  Remember the Old Goose singing to Templeton about the Fair in Charlotte's Web?  That was me doing my best Templeton (but with better fare).  Oh joy!I was there for hours and hours.  I couldn't even begin to tell you how much time I spent selecting first cold-pressed olive oils. (I ended-up with one from Italy and one from Greece.)  i went absolutely bonkers in the UK chocolates and candies. I think the money I spent at the International Market may have rivaled what I spent on food overall on the entire trip!  I could just go on-and-on.Btw, even though I live in California and rarely visit Las Vegas, I bought the membership as recommended by so many Yelpers, and I'm glad I did.  In the end it was almost a push; the amount saved was about the amount spent on the card, so in the future, should I return to Las Vegas, I will be saving from that point on. So, with all that in mind, I add a couple of things to keep in mind when shopping at the International Market. Thank you Yelpers for the 411 on reading the expiration dates on absolutely everything.  There are items past expiration on the shelves.  Also, many of the bottles of olive oil had no bottled-on dates and/or expiration dates.  And patience is needed because the aisles often only allow one cart at a time, so if you want to shop that aisle, you may have to wait.Oh, I don't want to leave this review without a special shout-out to the International Marketplace staff.  They were very helpful folks.So, go to the Fair, Templeton.  It will surpass your wildest dreams.
5	I use this place constantly. The only place In town for decaf  PG tip tea.I buy sausage, Yorkshire puddings, and pies English style. I buy all my curries and sauces, Indian, and Chinese. Christmas goodies are phenomenal, and half the price of Cost Plus or other gourmet shops.Fresh products are excellent but much is beyond my culinary skills and aimed for Asian restaurants.
4	Great place to find special sauces, spices, noodles, breads, beans, etc...Mostly "Asian"... meaning Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Korean, Filipino, Vietnamese.... I was excited because I found Mung Beans... am going to try to re-create my grandmother's comfort food of Mung Bean stew.Had a good section of Greek, Italian and Middle Eastern.Some British fare.... Some European chocolates.And TEA!  Tea from every region.... so much to choose from.Couldn't find any Spanish or Latin or Mexican.... but maybe we overlooked them.... did see Chorizo and Portuguese sausages.They have some fresh fish and crustacean... like live lobsters and crab that they will steam for you. Not as large of a fresh produce or fresh fish selection as 99 Ranch... but overall they had a good selection.They had lots of bamboo plants if you want to create your own arrangement.Lots of different international candies and cookies.  I almost bought cookies from every region just to try but I didn't.Oh!... and rice cookers, steamers, plating items and cooking utensils!  Lots of good quality items.  Also, now I know where to go to replace any of my soup spoons and little bowls that I love so much but have a tendency to break.Note:  There's a $10 annual membership fee if you don't want to be charged the 5% surcharge for shopping there.  We pretty much saved the $10 in our first trip... the 2nd trip will definitely have paid the $10... so it's really no big deal.
4	I love this place.  They have so many things you can find from many different countries.  So many types of pastas, all kinds of jellies, honeys, biscuits, etc!  Even Fresh Seafood.  Veggies and Fruits, Sodas,....I can go on and on.  OHHH..and dishware, pots, pans, giant ones, containers, - the biggest wok I've ever seen.  YOU MUST GO CHECK IT OUT.The only thing about shopping here which was a surprise is when I got to the checkstand- it cost $10 for membership/year or pay I think 5% over the marked price.  So I paid it- no big deal...it just means I am going to have to shop there more.  To go there...you need to go in the morning otherwise you will not have enough time to see everything. They closed earlier than most places and we got the 15-minute warning to get your SH** together.  LOL. It's like going to Disneyland...you need more than one day to check out everything. Expect the place to be semi-unorganized.  --and definitely have some shopping cart etiquette cuz the aisles will not fit two shopping carts to go through at a time. It's not too far from my house and happy that it's not in the middle of Chinatown.
5	Basically a huge warehouse like Costco, jam packed with so many international goodies that it's almost impossible to push a cart down some of the aisles. One whole side is dedicated to Asian foods and items, and the back carries fresh produce, seafood (so it can get a tad smelly) and lots of frozen goods. The other side has things from all over the world.I love this place, so much so that I will drive down to Vegas from Mesquite while visiting family just to shop here for an hour (or two or three) and stock up on fun goodies. It's the one place we always hit up while in Vegas, or while driving through on our way to CA. I have not purchased any of their produce/fish/frozen items, as I do live out of state, but their pantry goods are amazing. I love that on one aisle I can peruse treats and sodas from the UK, and then the next aisle is jams and pastas from Spain! We always stock up on instant ramen here, as it is my version of chicken noodle soup when sick. They have some crazy flavors, a new favorite is a chicken/abalone one we got last month.I always grab boxes of cocoa powder from Switzerland (3 bucks, you can't beat that and makes our American Hershey powder taste like crap) and things like organic jams and gluten free pastas that would cost twice as much in a grocery store.
5	This review is actually for the BBQ joint at the entrance of the market place.  You know this place must be good when you see over 15 plus roasted ducks hanging in their window.  I don't think I have ever seen so many ducks in any BBQ joint here in Vegas before.  They obviously know that they can sell that many in one day or they wouldn't make that much.  Of course I had to buy one to see just how good they are.  Wow, I was blown away.  It was beyond my expectations.  If you love roasted duck, you definitely have to give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.  I didn't think that Vegas would ever get a good BBQ place in town. Now, I don't have to go to L.A. to get roasted duck anymore.  The duck was very meaty and flavorful as was the sauce that it came with.  It is also very cheap at $15.99 plus tax.  It's cheaper than any other place in town and also cheaper than any L.A. prices.  They must have changed owners as I don't remember the duck being any good at this place.  Their other BBQ meats also looked good.  Next time I will have to try their soya sauce chicken.
5	Sweet!  I'm glad this place exists.  My friends and I came here to purchase a Mahjong set and ended up coming out with a bunch of different sweets from different places all over the world.  I got chocolate from Europe, licorice from Sweden, and some cookies from who knows where.  They have different items from different countries; it's so cool!  This place is huge too!  Not only do they have food, but decorations, kitchen utensils, and other international items.If you can't find what you're looking for in the international section of your super market, I suggest that you try this place.  They just might have everything you're looking for and more!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (51/365).
5	This is one of our favorite marketplace. They provide stuffs from Singapore, Malaysia and many more. Love this store.PS: Please check the expiration date when you're buying perishables.
5	Tony the Owner is Very friendly ;-)
5	This is one of my two favorite markets so far (the other being Seafood City Supermarket). I popped in to see what the price range was and what was being offered after dropping my grandpa off at work, got all excited based on some of the things I found (all the mochi ice cream especially, a friend got me some from near Detroit and I was looking for it), grabbed my family, and we all went back treat-buying. I got my White Rabbit candy there as well as a pack of dango.I should have bought the membership card ($10/year) first before buying things, but at least we didn't spend that much.
4	I can't put into words how much I love this place. When I was a kid, my Dad always had a list of items for his family to bring over from England when they came to visit. Wheetabix and HP Sauce were always at the top of the list. So imagine my squeal (I'm pretty sure I squealed) of excitement when I found both at International Marketplace.We also pick up lumpia wrappers, bottled and powdered Thai tea, different types of ramen and a plethora of other items. It's always an adventure shopping here and even if we only *need* one thing when we go, we never get out the door having silent less than $100.Minus one star for general disarray of the store.
5	Didn't acutually make it in their main store but made a quick left upon entry to their fresh made chinese food store. They make fresh duck, bbq pork, roast pork, whole chickens as well as their made selections for plates. I chose 3lbs of bbq pork, 5.95 a lb but well worth it. You can have the pork as a whole slab or have chopped up for free, so I had them chop it up. Bbq pork was excellent with flavor and not dry at all. Ill be trying the roast pork another time, 7.95 a lb and other bbq items. This is my spot for fresh BBQ pork. Come get some!
5	As a certifiable foodie, I about lost my mind in this place. Wish it was organized a bit better but being organized by country is what works best I'm sure. I'm from Hawaii so I was In heaven with all the goodies, and I was also happy with the prices. The fish smelled good, and prices on things like eggs cannot be beat. Be prepared to either have the sections memorized or spend hours checking everything out. We are lucky to have such a great store here in Vegas.
4	Lemon Bitters, Aussie meat pies, and blackcurrant jelly.  I think I found my new favorite store.
2	Was here a few times. Fun to walk around and see some of the crazy stuff. The novelty wore off the second visit. Have yet to buy anything that is actually good. Bought a chocolate bar that wasn't sweet. Who makes chocolate that isn't sweet? The store was very disorganized. Seemed to be no order to anything. If you haven't been there, go check it out for yourself. Could be a fun experience.
5	This place is a true treasure in Las Vegas for all you ethnic foodies who like to cook.  They pretty much carry any type of specialty cuisine you could want and have at least one full aisle dedicated to it.  They have produce and fish and meat as well.  We like to go here to get a few japanese foods that we really love and browse around to look at other things.  They have great deals on huge containers of spices in the indian section.  If you are looking for something to remind yourself of home, they just might have it here.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas I end up here! Not just for me but for family. They have the largest selection of international food I have ever seen. Countries that I never knew existed have a few isles of food. Every time I go I see something new and interesting. I have never found an expired item here either, I'm picky for that.... especially with foreign foods. The only crappy thing about this place is the hours. Close at 6pm and closed on Sundays. Oh, and don't complain about a fish smell..... they sell FRESH AND LIVE FISH!!!!!
4	Being the certified cook in the family, my husband raved about this place first time he went here. Probably the largest international market store we've ever been to, and the variety of stuff their carry is unbelievable! Love coming here every Saturday to stock up on spices, Japanese snacks/candies, fish, and Filipino kitchen staples. Usually Seafood City is our go to place, but we've found out that prices for dry goods are slightly lower here. One thing I liked about International is they carry a wide variety of high quality cookware like nonstick hot pots, ceramics, woks, & utensils at fairly reasonable prices. The layout of the store is a bit disappointing as far as warehouses go; they could use some improvement in this area as cashier aisles tend to be crowded even with 2-3 customers per register.
3	Pretty fascinating place to visit.  Their produce is NOT organic. They sell all sorts of wierd concoctions with all sorts of nasty, often artificial ingredients - proving that bad SAD health is rampant all over the world...BUT on the flip side, they carry crazy things I have never seen anywhere else, like gluten free ORGANIC Purple Corn flour from Peru and organic Mesquite flour!They also have great prices on servicewear - plates and pans and more...
4	Unusual selection of everything imaginable.One word to describe this place -- surreal. When I walked in this place I felt like I was in wonderland. My first thought was 'I need to write a review of this place'. Maybe its the crazy high rows of food, shelves of the strangest meat I've seen, the biggest tiger rug ever made in the WORLD hung on the wall and 80% of the merchandise written in every language except English. I think I can learn several different dialects if I worked at this place for a few months. It truly lives up to its International name. I went in there hoping to get some eggs but found century eggs instead. Tried to find some pork chops but ending up getting pork buttocks (???). American cheese was impossible to find. Russian goat cheese anyone?To be fair, there is a good selection of familiar food like chicken, fish, etc. so not everything feels like something out of Bizarre Food. You can shop for your daily needs here with no issues, although I never did find american cheese...The only flaw with this place is that it closes way too early. I went there on a Monday and barely got to shop for 20 mins before closing at 6pm. I heard they are closed all day on Sunday as well. Very strange but I can't complain considering how convenient this place is. I assume they need a lot of time stocking and preparing their selections because they have everything from across the world. There are aisles of things I would never imagine eating but it's cool to look at.This place is definitely worth a visit and is great for regular or bizarre shopping.
4	After shopping at a small middle eastern market and bragging to a friend about my cool finds he asked me if I had ever been to the International Marketplace. I hadn't, so we decided it was time for a field trip!!!! Oh... how I love our field trips! We drove to the south east corner of Decatur and Tropicana and there it was. It was huge. I would compare the size to about a regular large grocery store. Until now, I had always been used to teeny tiny international markets that specialized mainly in Indian and Middle Eastern finds. This surprised me. They had a small parking lot that was almost full. We quickly parked and hurried inside to see the treasures we (and our tummies) would find. As soon as we walked in on the left right before entering the actual grocery was a small place where it seemed that ducks were roasting along with other cooking meats. It smelled delicious. We kept going on in to the grocery and were almost overwhelmed with all there was. There seemed to be almost every country represented in some way or another. There were so many spices, teas, candies, cookies, seafood, exotic vegetables, and even live fish and oysters! Some items, such as the feta cheese, I found cheaper here than in my neighborhood grocery store! I returned on that weekend because I had been searching all over for blue and white dinner bowls. Guess what... this place had them! There were even cooking utensils and blankets at the very end of the market! What don't they have??? Everyone should know beforehand though that this place is considered a "club" store. This means that you should have a membership to get "member prices". If you don't have a membership and choose not to get one I believe an extra 5% is added to the order. Otherwise, you can purchase the membership right as you are checking out and fill out the rest at the customer service desk. It only costs $10 for an entire year. I think this is a great price to pay. Some items I find here cheaper than other stores and also I like the options there are. It's nice to pick up some things for gifts or parties that no one else can find. In fact, as I am typing this, I am drinking my Japanese Jasmine bloom tea and eating some Croatian chocolate wafers as a little dessert!
4	Oh my, this could be a dangerous find for me! Since I've moved here I've been looking for a market like this and was finally told about this place by a friend. I have been shopping at Greenland, which is pretty good too. I must say, though, this place puts all the rest to shame.Selection - Unlike the place I used to shop at in Denver, this place really is more international. There is DEFINITELY asian selections, but they have other cuisines as well that are pretty interesting. Heck, I've never seen so many pickles in all my life. The fish selection is pretty good although I wish had had black mussels, but I guess I'll live.Cost - Most everything I picked up and saw was super reasonable and some even ridiculously cheap. I noticed the eel was a bit pricy, but I think I'll live. They have a nice selection of pots and pans, as well as, more restaurant style supplies. I bought some wooden bowls for about $50 each. It's a dangerous thing for me because I'll buy random things just because they are cheap.Cleanliness - The place was pretty clean and well stocked. I remember H-Mart in Denver always REEKED of fish. I had to qualms buying anything here.Location - There is plenty of parking but it is located right at a busy intersection. It's not that far from the 215 though so I'm sure I'll be making multiple trips. This place is definitely a bright spot in Las Vegas for me. I love eating/trying random things and there was all sorts of unknowns for me. I'm also a big cook so they will help me with my more obscure trials. I'd recommend anyone go try this place out.
5	Membership is $10 for discounted prices to all the products/produce/meat/seafood/snacks from many countries!I get my filipino meal ingredients here, I once found a bundle of 5 jumbo carrots for a total price of 99 cents! This place is truly amazing, so many different types of coffee, olive oil, olives, so much rice and noodles. Instant noodles! It's a long drive from my home, but I prefer this place over any asian market!
5	Such a great place! A little bit from everything, all kinds of goodies from all over the world...But that's not why I go there, oh no! The best is yet to come, from where you expect less! The magic word is Carp! Yes, the best carp in town, always fresh and in stock! Feeds 10 people! Just joking, maybe 3, but it is huge! And the best part is that they clean and cut it right there, they can even fry it for you, it's just not the way I like it, so cook it myself :) Have a Milka while you're there!
5	my favorite market ever
4	Dude, this place rocks!You would think that what you find in this place is comparable to any one of the Asian markets off of Spring Mountain. Well, I am here to tell you that kind of thinking is false. The name of their place is true to what they sell. If you actually took your time and just take a stroll down every aisle you will find that they have products from just about every country. They have a decent selection of seafood and fresh vegetables as well as frozen and refrigerated items that are too many to mention so you are definitley gonna have to check it out first hand.As a Filipino, the things that I have pleasantly discovered from my native country here are just ridiculous! From all the familiar things like Fish Sauce, Banana Ketchup, Spicy Vinegar, and common snacks, to rare items like different flavored Drinks, Chips, and odd ingredients that are needed to make certain dishes are all here.I recommend that you get the yearly membership for just 10 dollars because every time you shop here, its 5 percent off of the fairly priced items. Trust me, once you shop here, you will find yourself coming back. Just remember, they are closed sundays. Some things worth mentioning: They carry an extensive assortment of the Filipino Ice Cream that everybody craves! From Halo Halo, Mango, Avocado, and Buko, to Cheese, Ube, and Turon flavors. Yes I said Turon! (Turon is a tropical banana that is sliced lengthwise, topped with brown sugar and langka, then wrapped up like an eggroll and deep fried to golden crispiness). They also carry a whole assortment of kitchen items like spatula's, serving spoons, knifes, etc to various sizes of pots, pans, deep fryers, and even barbeque grills! You can have them deep fry any fresh fish you select just like the other Asian markets.So if you cant seem to find something from any of those places on Spring Mountain, chances are likely you will find it here at International Marketplace.
4	Fun place to explore! I came to find loose leaf tea but enjoyed wandering the aisles to look at unidentifiable products from mostly Asia. This place is full from top to bottom of imported treats and even cookware and dishes. I didn't check out the produce but I can't wait to do that next time. In regard to tea, I found a few containers of darjeelings and black teas immediately upon arrival- lovely packaging everywhere. I couldn't tell what kind of tea was in some of them. In the Japanese aisle I found a large number of gen mai cha and bancha teas- apparently they are the most popular! I finally tried a package that I later found out was full of tea bags, but I ended up liking it. I'll be back for more tea and exploration.
2	There is a lot of different stuff with lots of variety among different categories!!  Great place to explore!!  Lots of selection in the seaweed category.  Everything is cramped.  Boxes are everywhere including the middle of aisles.  Workers/employees are unfriendly and apathetic, not just one or two employees -this was my experience with the attitudes of 5 employees I encountered.  At checkout, we bought a $120 stove but they had to do price check that took over 5 minutes.  Cashier didn't care that it took this long or say even say sorry.  She just said she's going to check out the next person (since she knew it was going to take some time for the price check).  Good thing their registers have a system memory to keep my order, otherwise she would have to rescan everything we purchased.  Not even close to being a place I would regularly shop.
5	I love this place specially the European section !! Am able to find things I never seen  before great way to try new foods , found one of the best tea I  ever had in my life . All the way from Croatia .Reasonable prices good parking  .be aware you  will lose track of time looking at all the goodies
4	For whatever reason, I totally forgot about this place the past 5 years.  I was looking for 2 things: a donabe (Japanese hot pot) and Hawaiian chile water that I just discovered on my first trip to Hawaii.  The staff at Tokyo Discount told me to go here for the donabe, and Nelson Q. recommended here for the chile water, light bulbs over my head in a frenzy!The membership is $10 or you pay a 5% surcharge.  Essentially that means you need to spend $200 in a year to break even.  I decided to take the plunge so I may be shopping with some non-members to make it worth it soon :)  They tested the donabe I chose (from many sizes and designs) at check out by taking me to a dingy room to pour water into it and have me accept that it is not leaking through the bottom before buying it because the clay/sand pots are non-returnable.  I was fine with that, because when I temper/season it, I will make a rice porridge that should fill the holes.I was also successful in finding Hawaiian chile water so I got 2 bottles of it.  They carry larger sizes of sushi seasoned rice vinegar, cooking sake, mirin, and other of "my essentials" for really low prices.  I also got gochukaru flakes in case I foray into some more Korean cooking, arepa flour, yuzu juice, 12 soft shell crabs for under $24, shiitake mushrooms fresh, frozen calamansi, Indian ginger garlic paste, and some dried fava beans (for Burmese tea leaf salad).  I had a nice haul and feel inspired to keep grinding in the kitchen across the world!  I still have crispy shallots in my pantry but this is a good place to get that bulk too.  Also, there is a wall of furikake that is enormous!Though I did not buy any, this place has the best selection of Torani and Monin syrup flavors, including sugar free, for Italian sodas and coffee flavorings, that I have ever seen.
4	Nice assortment of "international" foods...My wife is Filipino we get a lot of seafood products as well as the poke on Saturdays - Very Good! THe only thing I don't like is the membership charge? What, 5% more or $10 a year??? Explain that one to me? Weird numbers...Did they get that idea from Costco and Sam's club? Bad move I think!
3	They have it all here . Other then having to buy a membership or pay a little extra lots of options .... Even though I doubt the freshness they have more then enough people to keep it up to date ;-) I hate paying extra since I'm not a member so I find myself driving up spring mountain road even tho I spend more on gas
3	This place has almost everything imaginable from foreign  countries however customer service is lacking from the cashier. She was condescending, and tried to make me feel like an idiot for not getting the membership. $10 for 10% off in the store is not going to do shit for me since I don't live in vegas although I do visit 2-5 times a year. I won't be utilizing the discount to my full advantage so it's pointless and I would've only saved a  dollar. Three stars for the enormous selection. Minus two for the shit service. If people can't figure out that the membership is worth it for them or not they should go back to school.
2	I go there regularly, but their meats are not good.Also, some of produces are low grade.For instance,Daikon radish which are bad enough,they package bad big ones and bad small ones together to get rid of them.I bought a few times,I couldn't use them. Not only I wasted my money, but I hate the way do business.
5	The first time I came here, I had to make two trips.Let me explain.I was looking for a way to kill an hour before going to buy concert tickets, so my friend and I came here.   We'd just been told about it, and thought we'd go browse for a while.Well it took an hour to just browse through the pastas and olive oils.  We are avid foodies, so looking at ALL the amazing different options was overwhelming. We came back after buying our tickets, and spent a good 2-3 hours exploring.  I bought my PG tips tea (WAY more and WAY cheaper than Fresh and Easy, which was the only place I could find it before), we got green tea mochi, irish bacon, gyoza, 2 soy sauces, okra, blood oranges...and a lot more.We also went back a couple weeks later to buy 2 really cool looking white bowls.  I love the selection of food AND of dishes that they have!  We've also taken advantage of their fresh fish...and i mean watched the guy kill our Tilapia, right out of the tank fresh.  I've always been pleased with the service we receive too.My only 2 complaints are:  WHY are the hours so crappy?  9 or 930-6, Monday thru Saturday.  I work till 6 during the week, so the only time I can go is Saturday.  The other complaint is that I really feel they need more registers.  I don't think I've ever NOT waited in a decent line there.But...they have a great selection of food and non food products from all over the world.  I think the membership is worth it, but we also shop there A LOT.
5	I found more Greek products here than I can find in a Greek grocery store.  This place is amazing.  If you are a foodie or a gourmet cook you MUST come here.  They have almost anything.  I kept taking things off of the self and hugging it and my husband kept making fun of me until we hit the British section, they he started looking pretty silly too.In the back is their produce and fresh seafood section.  A quick piece of advice, before you leave here, choose some really nice fresh fish and have them fry it up for you.  IT IS DELICIOUS.  My suggestions, go here when you have time on your hands, it is not as organized as I would like.  Make sure  you go through the whole store and especially their frozen section, I found wonderful frozen Greek and British goodies that are hard to come by.  You will have to buy a membership, but you do that at the register, so just head in shop and if you find things you like buy your $10 membership its WORTH IT.In front of the shop they also have a Chinese cooked food section that you do not have to wade through the store for.  They even have whole roasted pork that is delicious.Oh yeah, most importantly their prices are AWESOME!!!  If you love pasta wait until you see their Italian section oh mama mia!!
5	Oh wow! A warehouse full of foods and gifts from around the world.  Everything's sorted by country (although Australian foods in the British section isn't right), and just about everything you could ask for.  Prices are alright, and the staff are helpful.  In a word: go.  In several words: go often.
4	On my first visit, my inner corpulent child screamed "GALAXY BARS!"  As the name implies, International Marketplace offers goodies from all over the world and are organized by geographic area.  My eyes couldn't take everything in and I'm sure my mouth was agape.  ;)  The most exciting moment for me was when I spotted Cadbury's Galaxy chocolate bars; the last time I enjoyed them was in London and have mourned their absence in my life ever since.  Well, my mourning days are over.On my most recent visit, I purchased pasta, Weisswurst (white sausage), and various spices.  All were very good and cheap!Get the $10 membership if you plan on frequenting IM often, as you will save 5% on the already reasonable prices.
2	Not my favorite place to shop.  The store is huge and very disorganized.  I don't like that they don't sell meats here.  They do sell seafood but no meats.  I like to do all my shopping in one store so I was disappointed that I had to stop at another store.  The only plus for this store is that sell my favorite brand of kimchee...halms. Other than that I don't think I will shop here and will go to 99 ranch
5	I love this place it's the only place you can get green tea kit cats other than in Japan or eBay.  I was missing so many things from Japan I thought that I would never be able to get again. In heaven, literally!  Just sad they aren't open on Sundays.
1	This review is about the little Chinese "restaurant" at the entrance to the marketplace.  I wish there was a separate listing for the restaurant but according to the receipt, it falls under the same name and address.  I had passed by the marketplace many times and never stopped there but on this recent trip to Vegas, I was finally curious enough to go in.  I was also hungry, so when I saw the Chinese restaurant, I decided to get the 2 item combo (4.99).This seemed like the typical pre-prepared Chinese food type of place, like a Panda Express, so I wasn't expecting gourmet food but still something half-way decent.Well, this place exceeded all expectations...in a bad way.  From the first bite, I could tell this food was something "special", something so gross and disgusting that I could barely force myself to try a second bite.  Just for reference, I've eaten my share of iffy food and filled myself many times at cheap Chinese food buffets so I don't have unrealistic expectations.Well, this food was probably the worst I've had that I can recall.  The chow mein was greasy, the chicken was tough and they both seemed like they were cooked at least a day before if not much longer...in rancid oil that should have been discarded a week before.  The meat tasted as if it came from chickens dead of old age or disease...or at least what I imagine those taste like.Even if I could have fought back the gagging and swallowed it, I was too afraid of the expected digestive and perhaps other health effects to even attempt it.Silly me, I was so outraged at this revolting food being served that I asked for a refund even though I was almost certain I would not be given one.  Well, of course, I was not given one.  The kind of business who serves this kind of food does not exactly care about customer satisfaction.Now, I usually hate wasting food but tossed this in the trash with no hesitation.  Then again, this could hardly be worthy of the name "food."There is no reason to eat here when there is much better cheap food to be had in Vegas.
4	I adore the International Marketplace but I only seem to make a trip to shop here when I get back from a trip overseas and I have to find THE European item I fell in love with across the pond. I need to stop doing that and make it a monthly habit! This store is like Heisenberg's crystal blue for foodies. It's a huge warehouse / grocery market / Asian housewares shop / fish market all in one. If you are looking for some weird international food from China, Japan, Germany, India, the UK, Spain, Italy, etc., this is where you need to be! I drop at least $50 every time I shop here because it's just so much fun! I've purchased imported fresh German sausages, frozen Japanese fish balls, frozen British pasties, fresh Indian spices, German gingerbread (at Christmas time), lovely Asian teapots, fish crackers, Greek delicacies, Coleman's mustard, sugar free Torani imported syrups, Italian pastas and olive oil, Mexican pinatas and more. It's always an adventure combing the racks and browsing the aisles here. Make sure you stop in the fresh seafood market in the back of the store. They have the most exotic offerings (fresh eel, anyone) and it's a food market lover's delight.There's a fresh Chinese food takeout right in the front if you get hungry, sort of like an "authentic" version of Panda Express. Great selection of foreign candy (they even carry the same sugar free chocolate bars that I bought on a trip to CROATIA)! I think foreign candy is a great way to expose kids to other cultures. There's also a nice selection of imported snacks too. You aren't required to purchase a $10 membership to shop here. I wanted to clarify this because I avoided coming here at first 'cause I was too cheap to shell out ten bucks to shop in an uncharted store. You can OPT to pay $10 if you want to save 5% on your purchases. I've never done it because of the time value of money and all but if you are going to spend a bunch for a big party it might be worth it.Be sure to check the expiration dates on the items you want to purchase! This is a big store and they have a varied inventory which means lots of inventory doesn't get rotated out as often as it should. The ratio of fresh to expired items is higher than it ought to be so make SURE you look for that "Best By" date.
2	I didnt buy anything here. I personally probably wouldn't because it REEKED so bag like rotten meat, I would be terrified of some type of food mishandling. Yes, the prices are decent... I actually couldnt deal with the scent for more than 2 minutes so I left. I really wanted to like this place... OHH well.
2	This place would get five stars from me if the  staff was not exceptionally rude (particularly one asian lady). I asked this individual a question about a product and she had 'snarky' tone and proceeded to follow me around giving me the 'stink eye.'  I grabbed a bunch more items and then when I was checking out, took back all but two (and she was made to put them all away (a little parting gift)). I may give this place another shot since I did not have this unpleasant experience two years back when I last visited this store. It is a bit out of the way and intersects two major congested streets (so I am not scrambling to get there). The place is well stocked with lots of exotic and hard to find items however, one bad customer service experience can really set me off!
4	We come from san Francisco area and my mom was missing roast duck and guess what we found it here  at the international maket along with roast pork (chinese style) This before we even got in the store. Then we went into the store and it's has goodies from everywhere in the world.  I especially like the Hawaiian items stocked there. Poi, Kalua Pig, Taro, Portuguese sausage, manapua...It has everything.
5	I just revisited here after not being here since a child. It carries really unique things from different places including foods, cook ware, plates, teas, candies, ect. Not much to say. It's mostly Asian things.Their fish market is awesome. Smells fresh AKA no fishy smell.Their price points are about $1-$2 cheaper on some items as compared to china town, Korean stores, other Asian markets, or normal grocery stores so the $10 yearly membership is fine with me.Some things night be a bit more but very few items.They accept cards, have a bathroom, have a restaurant in the front, are clean, and carry a lot of items.
3	I like the fact that they carry a bit of everything. BUT  if you order something from seafood department, be sure to weigh your purchase. Found out at home that  I paid for the  heavy cardboard box that they put my fish in.
4	I love buying snacks here! A couple highlights (especially for people who are really picky with candy):-They sell Haribo from GERMANY, which means bags of MIXED gummies, rather than the boring golden bear bags.-The only downside is I don't see the Kasugai gummies. You know, the ones from Japan that are fruit-flavored in the shape of a heart. Oh well, I shouldn't be complaining since those are everywhere else.-They have Smarties, Daim (IKEA's not the only place that sells there lol), Milka, Cadbury, etc. They're located in the shelves right by checkout.There's also a small variety of Japanese air freshners and bodywash. Don't buy your groceries here though. The market has WEIRD HOURS (i.e. closed on Sundays and closed every day by 6:00 pm), so using common sense, the food really isn' fresh at all. It's really a shame since the staff works so hard and is meticulous with cutting Sashimi and prepping instant Japanese food. Oh well.Soy sauce and hot and chili sauces are also much cheaper here than 99 Ranch or 168. Again, just don't buy perishables here and you'll be good.
4	Huge store with some expired products also produce here is rotting a little but that can only mean one thing .. its real food :)Saw Andre Agassi here with his daughter  :) probably craving Assyrian and Armenian foods :)
5	I like this place it has so many different foods from different cultures and you're just going to try stuff just for fun.  They have their fish market where they can grill it for you as well and they have the cooking utensils that you may not see in normal stores.  Now when you buy stuff there you can either get the $10 dollar member card that lasts for a year or get charged 5% more.  The only bad thing I'd have to say is the line cuz it's like canned sardines there.
5	It's possible to find anything you are looking for. This place has Mediterranean, European, Asian, and Pacific Islander food, snacks, chocolates, seasoning, and etc. We have been going here for 10 years, the prices are just-right, and sometimes cheaper than other stores. It is out-of-the-way, however, but it's worth the drive because you can find all sorts of stuff you didn't think existed. There is a membership fee, I'm not sure how much because my parents are members and I borrow their membership card when we go.
5	This place is like a treasure chest. It is the sort of place that I'll miss if I ever spend too much time away from Vegas.
4	Welcome to an air-conditioned small warehouse of TONS of global goodies.  I wasn't sure how they'd feel about me taking photos of everything (so I didn't) but the dried, bottled/canned and frozen selections here are ridiculous!  The produce section is ok and the seafood section like fish and sushi grade items are lack luster (your options are way better at Whole Foods, 99 Ranch or Seafood City).  But for snacks, sauces, condiments, pickled stuff, noodles, frozen dumplings and whatever you'll need or want to try out in making an International meal, you will find here.  The European aisles were quite narrow/crowded but still filled with so many items I wanted to try.  As you weave your way to the Asian rows, they become wide and offer more selections.  I did not notice if they had Indian stuff but you can get everything from Swedish herring to Taiwanese shrimp paste.  Looking for a spice you recently discovered at a restaurant... or for inspiration for your next recipe... or for a quick fix to your cravings from a 3rd world childhood?  (or from a more affluent European upbringing?)  Then this is your spot. I'm sorry but I didn't know about any membership discount but certain items I would buy in the Hispanic-Asian aisle at Walmart or at a nearer/smaller Asian grocery store are much cheaper in this place.  So give it a go!  Trust me, you'll want to buy so much stuff, so go on a payday and don't bring a hyper toddler so you won't be nervous around the crowded bottle aisles.  :)P.S. There's a tiny spot at the entrance that sells roasted duck and dim sum.  I didn't get to try the duck, and the dim sum is waaaaaayyy cheap but not good.
4	Let me start this off and say that I am easily amused and entertained. The smallest things can make me happy. So I felt like I was going to Disneyland as soon as I entered this market ---International Marketplace is an amazing market! Too bad I only had a few minutes to go in, grab a few items and leave, otherwise, I feel like I could have spent ALL day in there! There's an aisle and section for nearly every type of food from every ethnic group, so you can find all of the grocery items that you could possibly need. Then there's the refrigerated, frozen and fresh sections where you can find yet even more ethnic goodies from ice creams to frozen ingredients to unique veggies to fresh seafood! With the wide variety available at the International Marketplace, you would never really need to shop elsewhere! Aside from food, they also have kitchen accessories/appliances ranging from plates/silverware to thermos' to rice cookers.It's like how when you go into Target with the intention of buying 1 thing and come out with 10 and having spent over $100. Fortunately, I was short on time, and had a list of items I had to get, so I didn't do too much damage.To give you an idea of the random assortment of things that I picked up, they included:* Taro Chips* Selecta brand Ube Halo Halo ice cream* Baby bok choy* Shrimp paste* Green Tea flavored Kit Kats* Spanish bread (fresh baked from a local Filipino bakery)* Three ladies jasmine riceBut literally, this store probably has everything that you would need/want! If you're as easily entertained/amused as I am, then be sure to give yourself more than an hour to just browse.
4	Really like this place!!  A MUST for any foodie.  The "wall 'o Asian sauces" in the back in amazing.  I had searched for 30 years (not living in Vegas) to find the sauce they put on the pancakes when constructing Peking duck.  Finally found it on the wall.  It's called, "Sweet Sauce".  Just interesting and fun to browse the shelves.  Some good deals to be discovered.  Love the grilled sweet red peppers.I do think the refrigerated items have gone down in quality a tad.  But still a great place to go
5	I was like a kid in a candy store!  All the ingredients you ever wanted in one place!!! I didn't have enough time to see it all I can't wait to come back!  Especially that I'm a member now, it seems worth the $10 investment.
5	I love this store! They carry products from all  around the world. The $10 membership is well worth it.
5	I've yet to find another place in Vegas like this. It's amazing and huge!!! Give yourself atleast an hour and a half for your first visit.They have food from many countries; Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, all kinds of European and Asian and they even have as large assortment of kitchenware. They also have fresh produce, quite a variety of odd meats, fresh fish and frozen goods. Even a section in the front with house decorations, bamboo, and Japanese shampoos and conditioners.Being British and Filipino and my dad being in the air force moving all the time,  I grew up on a large variety of ethnic food and this place carries a lot of items that I only remember seeing in the country I was living in. And the prices are actually comparable. Some items are a little overpriced but that's totally understandable when it comes to foreign foods.They have a yearly membership that you can sign up for $10 or you can pay 5% surcharge on top of the prices. Totally worth it to get the membership if you come here often. I only wish they would extend their hours to atleast around 8pm instead of closing at 6pm. Also, make sure to check expiration dates, once or twice I've taken home something expired but with the amount of product they have I'm not going to be hitler about it lol. Enjoy!!
5	Got seafood and cookingware here. Very impressed with the variety of products they carry. Everything here seems reasonably priced. Highly recommend!
4	I just moved right around the corner from here and had to check it out. I will actually review both the Market itself, and also the little to-go joint in the front of the Market.First off the store is huge and you should give yourself an hour or so just to look around its awesome. Food from different countries are all arranged accordingly. You can find German, Chinese, Thai, Spanish, Italian, Korean, French, Vietnamese...just about every country's cuisine (maybe not Mexico I don't think I saw that).They have canned and packaged goods, spices from each country, a frozen food section, a produce aisle, and the best part...THE FISH SECTION!!!!YOU MUST GET A WHOLE FRIED FISH FROM THE FISH SECTION!They have a nice assortment of fresh and previously frozen fish that they will scale, gut, and then fry for you right there at no charge. I got a beautiful whole Striped-Bass cleaned and fried for $2.87! An absolute steal, It was fresh and delicious!They prices aren't particularly cheap and if you don't purchase the membership (which I got,its only $10) they tack on an extra 5% or 10% to your bill.All in all though I'd give the Market 4 and a half stars.Now the restaurant in the front of the place is an entirely different story.I was impressed with the Roast Ducks they had hanging up inside,however, I got a three item combo meal and truth be told....I was in the bathroom at work like ten times 5 hours later.After speaking with a few other people who have had the same thing happen to them I would tell you...DO NOT EAT AT THE TO-GO RESTAURANT IN THE FRONT OF THE MARKET!!! All in all I'd still give it 4 Stars. Beware the To-Go though!
5	It truly is international here!  You will find everything under the globe in this food mart.  They are particularly diverse with Asian and European groceries, so enjoy.  After shopping, go check out the Chinese deli outside for a tasty treat.
3	This supermarket is not all that. They have a lot of different international food but not the stuff that I look for.
4	I haven't been here in ages. I did a visit wanting to see how their prices compared to the other Asian grocery stores that I frequent. I kept back from this place because of the whole membership issue but it turns out that it's not so bad without one.  I found a lot of goodies not just from Japan but also British  and German goods that I haven't seen since I lived there years ago. The prices are not bad. I found some refrigerated Japanese mochi that is a little cheaper than the Japanese stores. Overall I like shopping at the international marketplace for pre packaged products but I'm a little suspicious with the fresh stuff like vegetables and seafood. I was about to buy a big package of garlic, but then stopped myself because I saw that it was imported from China. Also I agree with other posters about looking at all the sell by dates before buying. I was about to buy some lemonade mix in the Britsh aisle and saw that it expired 2 months ago.
3	3 stars for the verity of hard to find items. You name it it's probably here. As some have said, check the dates, some stuff are expired. I wouldn't recommend the produce, as you can find fresher stuff elsewhere. Another negative is the fact you need to get a membership or the prices are higher if you don't. I think this store is more a specialty shop and I wouldn't be going on a regular basis, to warrant a membership.
5	We decided to venture out from the Strip and drive around to see what was nearby. We ended up going to this market and we absolutely loved it here! They have all kinds of asian goodies from Korean to Japanese..Filipino stuff, Hawaiian stuff. We bought fresh mango juice, a bunch of Haribo candies (insane amount of different Harbio candies), halo halo ice cream popsicles (these were the best because I never was a halo halo enthusiast). Overall, prices were affordable and the goodies were worth it! I wish they had a international market in Orange County. A great place! I am DEFINITELY coming back here when I visit Vegas again! I miss that halo halo popsicle.............
3	I bought a bottle of Japanese soy sauce two weeks ago and it was expired 3 months ago. I realized it after I opened it. I wasn't happy that they wouldn't exchange it without the original receipt. Other than that, I like this place.
5	INTERNATIONAL FOOD WONDERLANDWe've been members of this most unique Las Vegas international grocery store long before we moved across the valley to Hendertucky and way before Yelp.com.The $10 annual membership entitles the shopper to a 5% discount ($200 break even per annum) at the checkout register. No mailers or news letter to members. Right side of store is a significant assortment of European food products broken out by regions and further back you'll find packaged produce. Circling the backside to the left is fresh meats and full service fish counter. Left back wall you'll discover Hawaiian products. Front left side of store is an amazing kitchenware section. Center of store is freezer and frozen foods. Remainder of floor space is allocated to oriental foods and dry goods. Personal comment:  No matter where you shop it's always prudent to look for the product expiration date. Bullfrog's (no profile pic) sighting of rats eating ice bags at the register is an interesting low crawl observation. And International Marketplace is not ever going to be a one stop shop for a 100% of us.Great place to find inexpensive gifts, candies, cookies and decor for home or office. Approaching month before and during Chinese New Year, the store is jammed with seasonal holiday shoppers. We buy our Indonesian coffee candy for the crew members  for give away during our yearly cruises. Little something from their homeland goes a long way.They do provide wholesale food services to restaurants and casinos under dba Kwong Yet Lung Company.If you have traveled abroad like us, you'll find this warehouse store to be your "Little Small World" for foods from all four corners of this planet.
2	If you have to buy a membership it should be a lower price. is still the same price and if you don't have it, it's 5%more the price is already too expensive. I see sometimes some staff are expired and they marked them down with not even 30% off how funny  I would not even buy them. They should have some sale and before their staff get expired they should marked them down I would be here every week if they do these two things.
3	I only come for the Thai tea.  Its not the cleanest place and always seems like someone is complaining about something when I go there.
4	This is a great store!  Foods from all over the world and the freshest most flavorful  produce. We enjoy shopping here very much.  Do not worry about not being able to read some of the labels on products because the people working here are happy to explain.
4	You can get lost in this store lolI love how they have everything from all around the world. It's a very interesting store. I would have gave them 5 stars but dislike that they close so early.
4	I really like this store. They have almost everything from green tea kitkats to huge woks. They also have a seafood section and fish can be cleaned and fried for free. They have an extensive fresh produce section as well. $10 annual membership fee is worth it.
5	Best selection of international specialty foods Las Vegas has to offer. There is not anything you cannot find here! Been coming here for 15 years ... It gets better each and every year.
