4	So many cool things to see. it definately takes more than 2 days to see everything. 2008 was the first year i've attended and i could see why people would go ever year. there is so much to see and play with. just make sure to wear comfy shoes.. i was in heels and my feet were hurtinggggggggg...
4	This year CES 2009 was amazing as the new technology especially with cell phones, and home entertainment has new enhanced features.Less people than usual, but the overall remains amazing.Check out the new phones from LG"s, Nokia, and Sony Ericson..They are kewl.
2	I was pretty disappointed by CES 2009.  Although the turnout was pretty low (20% lower than last year by some sources), so was the innovation and excitement from most of the companies.Starting with the big CE companies, in years past, I have seen the 3D TV at the LG booth, and never really thought much of it.  You pretty much have to stand in a certain spot to get the full effect, but at least you don't need to wear any dorky glasses.  But it seemed like that this year, all the major manufacturers were showing off 3D TVs that required the use of glasses.  Not only them, but I also saw it at the nVidia booth, and probably some other booths.  I guess its innovative, but for me, pointless.LG, Sony, Panasonic, Samsung, Hitachi, Toshiba, etc. all were pretty much showing the same things I have seen in the past, and it's all pretty much TVs.  Instead of making them bigger this year, they are now just trying to make them thinner.  I was surprised not to have seen the TI booth showing off DLP this year, and come to think of it, I don't recall seeing TI at the show.  There definitely were no rear-projection TVs being shown at the show this year, so I am guessing that they will soon be phased out, especially since the cost of flat-screen TVs are still coming down.Palm didn't have a booth, but they announced the Pre which is pretty exciting news, but introducing yet another mobile OS to the market?  I love Palm, so I hope they will make it, but I think it's gonna be tough for them.Microsoft was mostly about Windows 7, and Intel was showing off stuff I could have seen at other booths anyway.  I was sorely disappointed with Creative that was primarily about its Vado vid-cam, and did not display any of its media players.  In fact, the stage was pretty much the same as last year with Fatal1ty kicking everyone's ass in Halo.At the Sands, the PogoPlug seemed to be the hit of the Innovations area, but the other stuff was pretty boring.  DeviceVM looks good, but they seem to be stuck with Asus for the quick-boot of the EeePC, but said they are expanding to other computer lines.The one thing that I kept seeing at the Sands was the electronic cigarettes that look like a cigarette, but basically are a way to serve nicotine the same way as a cig, but without the carcinogens associated with a traditional cigarette.Downstairs of the Sands was the Adult Entertainment Expo which looked a lot more interesting, but also cost $80 for a one-day pass unless you are involved with the industry.In years past, the streets of Las Vegas are jam-packed with people and cars on each of the nights of CES, but Las Vegas Blvd. this year was pretty much a ghost-town. Overall, I was pretty disappointed with CES 2009, but maybe its all because of the economy, maybe its because its the first year that Bill Gates did not give the keynote, maybe its just that trade shows are slowly becoming a thing of the past....
4	Probably the most impressive, and biggest, convention I have ever attended.  I had No business here at the 2009 CES show in Vegas, but a couple of friends and I finagled our way into FREE admission to this annual, monster convention.    Too much too see.  I must have walked at least 10 miles that day and still didn't get to see the whole convention.    All the big players were there:  Microsoft, Intel, DTS, Dolby, Sony, Panasonic, and MSNBC.        I'm surprised at how Samsung and LG have been prospering over the years!     Big stuff. They were giving out 2 Gig flash drives like it was Halloween candy to people.   i got 3 of em.   =)
4	I find CES pretty cool although the last one I attended with CES 2006 (I think). It's great seeing all the new technology being showcased as well as representatives you can talk to from the big and small companies. :P Sometimes, you can get free gear from some of the bigger companies depending on who you are and possibly the questions you asked. I had asked about Turion X2s which intrigued the AMD guy over there and he handed me a free AMD t-shirt. Talk about awesome. Occasionally you find drawings or raffles here too that you are able to participate in. I haven't won anything yet but it's always possible. When I went, the place was just CROWDED. There were so many people and it seemed like a fire hazard if there was a fire in the building at all. Sadly, I've heard that the recession has turned down several companies and people from visiting this year. Hopefully, we see a rise in visitors/companies for the future years to come.
2	Pro: CES excitement. new toys, new gadgets, new things to play with. Con: It is getting smaller and smaller. Less eye candy girls at the booths. Missing vendors. About 40% smaller than last year alone.This year has been a big disappointment. 1. Secondary location in Venetian have been completely downsized to corporate meetings 2. Venetian vendors have been jammed into North Hall, which half the auto people have disappeared. 3. Half of the Asian con booths in Hilton have been wiped out. Good thing that Central hall still have the big player like Intel, Microsoft, Samsung, Panasonic, and Sony. Kuddos for LG for the hell of entrance. South and North halls have been invaded by the cheap Asian booths used to be in Hilton only.
4	I am back from the much downsized 2010 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas....I was here on business.Let me first preface this Yelp review by saying that I came to the show not expecting much.  This year's CES's biggest NEW technology featured was the 3D everything for your televisions, home computers, and gaming systems.  With the recent success of Avatar 3D the movie, 3D entertainment and programming for your home is here to stay and coming to a store near you!Another NEW interesting technology you need to look for soon is Apps/Applications for your new televisions. Imagine using a Skype Video Conferencing app on your television....NEATO MOSQUITO!!As for the other vendors, technologies and gadgets at the CES show....the Main Central Hall was the place to be.  The biggest WOW factor came from big vendors such as Microsoft, Intel, Samsung, LG, Panasonic, Canon, Toshiba, and Sony were the biggest draws for OOOHs & AAAHs! Other downsized halls featured not so interesting vendors, but offered many interesting fun things for the inner geek in me.One BIG eye opening product of note that I saw at the show was the Panasonic 152" Plasma High Definition Television....DARN....it does not fit in my car!  (See my photo)I feel that CES shows of past were more interesting and more innovative than the 2010 show. But maybe it is the sign of the times and next year's show will be another downward spiral of innovative and affordable consumer technology.  As for me, I don't have the $$$$$ to purchase any of the new and fun consumer technology, but it is always fun to dream!  =)
3	This was my first Consumer Electronics Show and I can say that I was blown away my the sheer massive size of the show. There were some great booths and many that were a waste of my time but it's shows like this that make me really giddy with excitement for the future of consumer electronics. My only mistake was to try and see everything in this show in one day. I now understand why this show is 4 days long. There's a lot of parking and you can even park for free if you don't mind walking about a block or two. I would avoid buying food in the show for suture shows because the food was way too overpriced. I will probably attend CES again in the coming years.
5	The biggest and best consumer electronics show in USA.  I've been to this show twice already.  It's closed to the public.  Only available to business.  My company sent me and put me up at the Venetian, and wow it gets super busy during CES week.  CES is also the same week as the Adult Entertainment expo so not only is there new geeky electronics but super hot women too look at the same time.  Not sure how the event was for 2010, i skipped that year but for 08, and 09 i could've just lounged at the Venetian and listened to the high end audio manufacturers.  $40,000 speaker systems are no joke, they sound incredible.  At the LVCC, there's tons of toys to play with, you can demo 3D ps3's, computer drum kits, and there's usually some big name actor there promoting movies.  In 2008 when Pioneer was still developing plasma TV's they demo'd their concept plasma TV in a private screening room.  All i can saw is WOW and i had to pick up my jaw from the floor.  Too bad that LCD Tv's is getting all the attention now.  Nothing can beat that color depth of a Pioneer Plasma HDTV.  I'll just have to stick with the #2 in Panasonic plasma Tv's, i wonder what they're going to have in 2011...probably more 3D crap!  3d needs to go the way of HD-DVD's and Laser-discs and BetaMax.
5	Yes, CES is AWESOME, now stop reading these reviews and just GO, and don't forget to come see me at the Spearmint Rhino, and tell me all about the convension and all the new techy goodies, since i don't get to go this year!!  Ask for Dawson! :o)
5	This year will be my 10th CES... it's the biggest show I know for all Electronics. A great venue for European companies who are interested in US products...Especially in High End Audio.Only for Trade people...come and see us in the Venetian 29th Floor room 229 :-)
4	This is my first trip to CES and I don't even know where to begin.  The show starts tomorrow and I am already spinning on where to begin the journey.  If you are in love with gadgets and technology then you really need to make the trip!
5	This was my 4th year attending CES and I enjoy it every year.  There seemed to be a bit more pizzazz this year than the last two, and it was good to see.  Some of the booth babes were eye catchers, for sure!I am enough of a techie to enjoy seeing and fondling, if necessary, the latest in gadgets both large and small.  One needs to do the show in a smartly.   Start early, take regular breaks, and concentrate on smaller areas rather than trying to sweep through the North to South sections of the Convention Center in one swoop.I always park at a hotel parking garage on the south end of the Strip and ride the monorail to the CC.  The $1 each way fare is great, and there's no hassle with paying for parking or getting in a jam of cabs or shuttle busses.
5	CES, the largest convention in the world, features the latest and greatest electronics at the World Trade Center Las Vegas (formerly the Las Vegas Convention Center).....some of the items featured here have not hit the stores yet.  It's one of my favorite conventions to attend here in Vegas.With over 130,000 people expected at this year's CES I was prepared to battle crowds.  It wasn't too bad though.  I parked at the Las Vegas Hilton, which charges $30 a day to park there, but it's convenient to get in/out, so it's worth it in my opinion.The registration process was very easy.  There was no line, perfect!*TIP* - CES has a registration booth at the Las Vegas Hilton and it's not nearly as crowded as the main booth at the World Trade Center.....so come here to register.I then headed over to the North Hall of the World Trade Center which is where all of the marquee companies are located.  I walked through the automobile electronics section, which was pretty cool.....think high-end and cool car stereo and entertainment stuff.  Then I went into the main hall where companies like Samsung, Microsoft, Intel, Sony, and other giants are located.  This year 3D TV's and 3D Entertainment seem to be the dominant theme on the main floor.  This really isn't groundbreaking as 3D has been around for a while.....I guess this is the year for the big push for it.  Lack of 3D Content is the big issue for these gadgets.  I also think wearing 3D glasses is ridiculous.....there's technology already out there that doesn't require them....it seems like it's already outdated, but companies are pushing it anyway.  I predict it will be a short term solution.In the main hall, I also saw the new Samsung tablet...a potential competitor for the iPad.  I wasn't really impressed.  It worked well and looked nice, but not a game changer in my opinion.After screwing around the main hall for a while, I headed over to the South Hall....I wanted to see the new Blackberry tablet, which is going to be launched soon to compete with the iPad.  I found it on the 2nd floor of the South Hall with a large crowd around the display.  After a short wait, I muscled my way to the front to get a demo of the tablet.....I was pleasantly surprised with the functionality, navigation, speed, and lightweight of the tablet.  The integration with the Blackberry phone is also impressive.  The tablet also has true multi-tasking capabilities....just like a computer, you can watch a video, surf the web, and launch another application with no hiccup in performance.  That was amazing!  In my opinion, it's not a big game-changer, but it puts Blackberry back on the map to compete with Apple and Android.  I like this product and will anxiously wait for it to come out.  I was told Sprint would be the 1st cell carrier to have it.  Can't wait! (see pic here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ks43LokM7OWst3BJTtt-6g?select=b5ZtjUFv738j0I0Nki8ZQw )After this, I was tired and wanted to head back to the Hilton to attend the CES Tweetup (different review).Overall, it was a good show.....well organized and always impressive.Will I return?  No doubt about it!Some Tips:- Wear comfortable shoes.  It's a huge convention and you will do a ton of walking.- Bring a camera with a lot of memory.  There's a ton of gadgets and things to take photos of.  Don't miss out!- Be prepared to pay for parking, up to $30 a day.
5	A nerd's paradise!!! This was my first year at CES and will be the beginning of many more. I was blown away by how well organized the event is for being so large. The city, surrounding businesses and convention center have thought of everything. Undoubtedly, because of the sheer number of attendees, there will be some lines and waiting but it's not nearly as bad as some of the other conventions I've attended in other cities. My first bit of advice is to make your hotel reservations as early as possible. It is nearly impossible to get a room during this week if you wait too long and if you do, chances are that it will cost over $500 a night. It's also imperative that you register for the convention before the prices change. This is not an event that is easy to attend last minute unless you have big bucks. Definitely check the CES website for details well in advance.The convention itself is really spectacular. This is the place to go to get a sneak peak of the newest gizmos and gadgets. It also provides a great opportunity for networking within the industry. Although the event is closed to the public, they do set aside one day where students can attend. If you have a student ID and any interest in electronics this is a fantastic opportunity to get in. Another tip is to wear your most comfortable shoes. There is no way you can see everything at this show but if you plan on trying, be prepared to be on your feet all day. It also helps to plan out your days in advance so you can hit the programs, speakers and booths that are most important first. Lastly, for all the females...this is the best time to be in Vegas if you want to meet dudes. You will be vastly outnumbered and able to take your pick!
5	As things like this go, this is as good as it gets. I used to be a regular, but I took a decade off and it's bigger and better than ever now and extremely well run. I was worried about parking because I knew the lot was filled with exhibitor tents, but I just left my car at the Venitian, where all the high end audio exhibits were, and used the shuttles, which ran non-stop. Panasonic's 3D theater was amazing. I got to hear a few $700,000 stereos, but the JBL 1400 Arrays with Mark Levinson electronics stole the show for me.
4	CES has really grown and improved over the years. I'm not so much talking about the show itself. What I'm talking about is how well the show is run. If you compare the logistics ten years ago to this year, it's miles ahead. There are now more options than ever to park your car and easily get to the show. Personally, I prefer parking at the Palazzo and walking to the shuttle buses at the Venetian. However, there are available shuttle buses from all of the major hotels and we also have the monorail now. So I guess the improvements at CES are a function of the improvements of the LV Convention Center and our city overall.As for the show itself, attendance is back in a big way. Over 140,000 attendees graced the show floor in 2011. That's basically where it was at in 2008 before it took a dive the next year. CES is usually a good barometer for our economy, so that's definitely a good sign. I decided to check it out on Friday and Sunday. The differences were night and day. On Friday, the Central Hall was jam packed and you could hardly walk around. Sunday was much more relaxed and the perfect day to actually get in line for things.If you have access to a pass and care about technology at all, CES is definitely worth it. I feel like the swag has considerably declined over the years, but I think that's a good thing. What you're left with are people who genuinely care about the products being showcased as opposed to people who just want a free t-shirt.
5	2011 is the year of 3D, 4G LTE and the tablet. To the first time attendee, an event of this proportion can be a bit overwhelming. Honestly, 3 days was not enough to cover the entire convention center. However, I did get to see the booths that I had planned out through their mobile app (i.e. Verizon, Sony, Monster, LG, Speck). Despite it being a favorite of tech geeks and consumers alike, the male to female ratio is tremendously askew. I confirmed this when I noticed that there weren't any lines for the women's restroom. Nice. The only minor upset I had was not being able to see any celebrities on site. Timing is of the essence when it comes to their appearances. I just couldn't get myself to get there early enough. Yet overall, it was a very enjoyable experience. I have a good feeling I'll be back next year.
5	2011 International CES was all about 3D TVs, Mirrorless cameras, and tablets!This was my first time attending and I really enjoyed it. The conventional center was so crowded and map was necessary if you were looking for specific companies but other than that just walk throughout the show and you'll have a great time. Not as much FREE STUFF as I expected but I got a lot of tote bags, pens, and some thumb drives. Also, they were giving away FREE NEW MINI REESES (CUPLESS!) by the entrance of the Central Hall. DEFINITELY WILL TRY TO GO AGAIN NEXT YEAR!
4	Sarlyn summed it up pretty good.  Basically this show for 2011 could be summed up in a few words.  3D technology, and tablets.This show was insane.  It was my first time, and while I thought I knew what to expect, I was blown away.  The amount of money thrown into this event is mind boggling.  The various booths had some really amazing stuff and the presentations/demos were excellent.I was bummed that I missed all the big celebs like Lady Gaga and Common, and didn't get any real swag.  I was hoping to walk away with something really cool. The only thing I got from the show was a nasty case of the plague.  If your gonna go, bring anti-bac!
4	CES is all about the latest and greatest in electronic gadgets. But no, you don't have to be nerdy to attend or appreciate the goods :)In a nutshell: I saw great deal of 3D tech (no need for the glasses), computer-phone interfaces, touch screen tech (samsung had a touch screen fridge w/wi-fi), &video game devices without need of controllers (xbox had a four mini-rooms for playtime).  Celebs: Sony's booth/room had a concert going with  Raphale Saadiq. Lady Gaga was supposedly there on Weds at the Panasonic booth. And of course there were reporters EVERYWHERE. I saw Maria Bartiromo was doing a live broadcast. And for some reason, people from Top Chef were giving out liquid nitrogen frozen marshmallows.Conferences:  The best conferences to attend were on Thurs and Fri- I didn't realize this until I saw the schedule on Saturday. Don't let the goodies distract you like I did. It'll only take a day or two to really check out the convention anyway- and I was sick of TVs by day two.Travel: Parking is expensive- my buddies&I paid $20- so be sure to carpool. There are shuttles &the monorail if you're traveling solo.Badges: Don't forget your badge& the paper that it's attached to! I left the paper part at the hotel and I was getting closed to being charged a replacement fee (but I batted my lashes and didn't, *close call*).Bottom line: I haven't never seen so many TVs in my LIFE!!  OHH CES, you fancy huh?
5	This a strange review to give since I worked the event and it sucked the life and voice out of me, but I loved it!!! I will be more mentally prepared to navigate next year. But WOW! The excitement was unreal and our product won best overall Product in show. So, I will probably be dissapointed next year and the future but, it is nerd xmas there and if you stopped by the Motorola booth you know what I talking about.
4	This year's Computer Electronics Show was mostly about the next generation 3D everything from televisions and cameras, smartphones, and iPad look alike tablets....YAWN!?!?As compared to many year's past, the 2011 version of CES was an extremely crowded mess and mostly a disappointment!Although one thing of note that was interesting was the glasses-free 3D televisions....still in it's first generation, but something to look forward to next year!This year's integration of Social Networking has grown! I definitely noticed more advertising and participation in Tweetups and Foursquare FUN for the participating attendees....I am far from the Twitter/Foursquare Master, but there was prizes from participating vendors like Blackberry, Victoronox, Sandisk, etc. I walked away with a few goodies that had people asking how I got it!!  =)A quick note (at no fault of the CES organizers...I think), I heard constant complaints about the internet connection and all cellular providers connections was a problem, if your within the proximity of the show. It was a constant complaint of the many CES attendees that I talked too....BOO!!IMAGINE....the CES attendees with their AT&T iPhone, Sprint Blackberry, and Verizon Android smartphones had little or no good internet connection.....traffic jams on the information super highway is to blame. Attention Las Vegas and CES organizers - FIX IT!!As I stated on my previous review, I don't have the $$$$$ to purchase any of the new and fun consumer technology, but it is always fun to dream!But for this year, the WOW factor is gone - until 2012, Four Yelp Stars for this years iteration of the Computer Electronics Show.
4	This is, of course, the biggest electronics trade show in the known universe.If you're media like me, prepare for lots of long lines on media day.  Prepare for lots of walking to get around the monstrosity that is the Las Vegas Convention Center.  Prepare for shuttle buses that sit in traffic forever.But at the same time, prepare to see tons of the latest tech in many categories from car audio to digital cameras to gaming gear to media players & TVs, and much more.  Oh yes, and this year, we even stumbled across a new line of vibrators.  (Shouldn't those have been at the Adult Entertainment Expo across town???)But general public beware:  this show is industry-only......but they do let us media-types in....  :)
5	Great show, had the best experience, suggest everyone should at least experience this once in their life!
2	The much ballyhooed convention is ok.  Yeah you get to see the latest releases of electronics, which means that it's probably outdated stuff because there's already stuff on the corporate pipelines that will blow what they're showing the public away.Some cool stuff, not worth more than a day's time for the average consumer, a must, I guess, for retailer and wholesalers.I was fortunate enough to get complimentary passes, which is the only way to go for the tech layman, not worth paying to gain entry otherwise.
3	This year's Computer Electronics Show was mostly about the next generation 3D everything from televisions and cameras, smartphones, and iPad look alike tablets.I heard constant complaints about the internet connection and all cellular providers connections was a problem, if your within the proximity of the show. It was a constant complaint of the many CES attendees.Not as good as the past events..................
5	Another year of innovation another year of madness, parties, celebrities, and drinking till you either pass out or puke... This year the attendance was way up and you could see that the people at the show had a better feeling about the way the economy might be heading in the right direction again.. The thing this year that stood out everywhere was everyone and their mother is coming out with either a new set of headphones or a tablet.. you couldn't turn a corner without another company showcasing one of these two things. It was fun though, However I can only handle so much Vegas because of this show, I'm glad it's over and I can now try to recover from the last few days of insanity soaked in an alcoholic haze...
5	The CES was Awesome this year.. It was nice to see all the new things coming out for 2012 and beyond. One thing this year i noticed is that windows OS was not as prominent  as years past, i think the Android OS and Apple OS (ipad, ipod, and iphone) is killing windows.
5	I LOVE CES. I've only been once, but this is gadget and technology heaven. You get to see and touch things before they're even out on the market. Also, the free swag is nice. I must've gotten like 20 iPhone or iPod Touch cases. Sorry Android users...there was only like one free case for a specific Android device. But Samsung was giving away free Samsung phone batteries!I definitely recommend reading the First Timer's guide to CES https://www.cesweb.org/faq/first-timer.htm (download the guidebook). The chapstick, lotion, and ditching the jacket were great advice. We got one of the daily deals for MGM Signature 1-bedroom suites with 2 bathrooms and a full kitchen. We booked restaurant reservations (Mon Ami Gabi) and show reservations (Recycled Percussion) in advance, and got in touch with club promoters in advance to set up clubbing (Tao/Lavo). You don't need reservations for buffets but go early, like at 5 PM.We took both the free shuttle and the monorail with the 3-day monorail CES discount. Monorail is much faster but if you go during peak hours, the lines are crazy. I lived at MGM Signature so we were at the beginning of the route, which means it's much easier to get a seat if you care.I wore business casual but dress varies widely depending on what you're there for.I also brought a backpack for my food and a small bag for swag, but there will be at least 30 free bags there too if you can find one before you start collecting stuff.I mostly ate snacks while walking or taking breaks, and bought small salads at the convention center food courts. The lines are insane, but salads are self-serve so the only line you have to wait in is the cashier line. There aren't that many food trucks outside despite what the Mashable map said.I'd hit up Central Hall first, then North Hall, South Hall, and the Venetian. Central Hall is definitely where all the major companies and fun stuff is, and most of the freebies are in North & South Hall (more in South). The Venetian is more specialized (e.g. photography, etc) but I hardly had time to check it out.For me, the highlights of 2012's CES were:- Samsung's transparent LCD (smart window)- Nokia Lumia 900 Windows Phone- Dual-display TVs- Asus ultrabook- Toshiba 3D 4X HD TV- Fulton wireless power- Nikon D4- Samsung Galaxy Note- Corning Gorilla Glass 2
5	This is the second year in a row that I've been to CES. This second time was better than the last year. There are so much to see and play that it is very daunting as to where to start once you arrive. If you're lucky to enough to attend because CES is a trade show and not open to the public, there will be no children running around or any strollers that can get in the way of you playing with the latest phone. The first couple of days of the show it is extremely crowded. If you dislike people breathing heavily over your shoulder while you play with the latest tablet, come on the third or last day. It is much less crowded. But you will miss all the celebs and keynote speeches which I think, is icing on the virtual cake.
4	This was my fifth Consumer Electronics Show in a row.....the WOW factor is gone.....but it is still a rating of 4 Yelp Stars specifically for the 2012 CES Show.The Consumer Electronics Show version 2012 was mostly about the next NEXT next NEXT generation 3D TV, OLED television, Ultra-Notebooks, and everything next generation cameras, smartphones, and iPad look alike tablets.As compared to many year's past, the 2012 version of CES was not a disappointment, but definitely not a bore for me personally this time around.Some interesting technology that is definitely not ready for prime-time is glasses-free 3D televisions. It was we were able to preview at 2011's CES, but this technology still needs to be developed.Maybe I am more savvy at it, but Social Networking has definitely grown leaps and bounds from previous years! More advertising and participation in Twitter, Foursquare, Facebook, and Klout FUN for all that participate. There were prizes from participating vendors like Blackberry, Sharp, CNET, Monster Sound, SD Consortium, etc. I walked away with a lot of swag!  =)One FUN thing of note is that I tweeted about the CES Sharp booth and it was extremely NEATO MOSQUITO to see my tweet up on the Sharp Social Networking Jumbotron...I wish I had my camera out to take a picture of it, but it was definitely a HIGHLIGHT!One thing of note.....Microsoft will not be at next year's show. Will other vendors follow along with them.....it will have to wait till 2013 to see.As compared to previous years, the cellular connection for all providers was BAD, but this year was surprising okay. I am high bandwidth user, but there was no major complaints about the internet connection from any cell provider that I could find from other smartphone users I chatted with.As I stated on my previous reviews, I have no $$$$$ to purchase any of the new and fun and upcoming consumer technology, but it will always be fun to dream!
4	2012 CES - Consumer Electronics ShowFlew here and experienced the exhibit on the company dime, woohoo!Pros- Large exhibits from the large electronic companies that showcase their new and upcoming gadgets that numerous tech news publishers stalk/cover endlessly.- Most of the electronics reps will thoroughly explain the specs, although your geek questions may oust some of their knowledge, they still try their absolute best w/out sounding sales pitchy- Free sh-wag- Some exhibits even go out and display their own hot models, live spinning DJs, and/or open bar- Some celebrity sightings from time to time to endorse a product or company: (Example: Snooki and Dennis Rodman)Cons- Expect to stand around the Convention Center after the exhibit for a while, traffic + a huge rush to get home with buses and taxis- Less swag than last year (so I hear)Tip: It doesn't matter if you're going for a business meeting, wear comfortable shoes or you will die.. yes, DIE.It's definitely an expo you need to experience if you are into tech gadgets!Also, if you now perceive me as a nerd, I am not.
4	My eyes are still hurting from all the 3D tvs, screens and gadgets.  CES is a wonderland for electronics.  Crowded crowded crowded and tons of crazy people staring at screens and watching demonstrations. It was fun seeing so many different products.  If i had deep pockets and i mean deep i'd be purchasing so many of these awesome toys.I was impressed by the design of the displays and the awesome colors everywhere but the coolest thing had to be zagg giving away free phone shields if you waited patiently to get one.Some of the pictures i snapped:How many jellybeans are in this refridgerator: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ks43LokM7OWst3BJTtt-6g?select=Hi15mTj0H-cXjzcP-nxp0QLook at all the pretty colors: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ks43LokM7OWst3BJTtt-6g?select=oIhbRvDBgw3y3TJZEoWUEgJust one part of Microsoft's mammoth display: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ks43LokM7OWst3BJTtt-6g?select=V0mWSgRb0IF-puvGtQRnbAThe Crowd!: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ks43LokM7OWst3BJTtt-6g?select=COxgcDrB6wby-eQE5MPl1QWay cool show, bring comfortable shoes if you attend this show next year..
5	INTERNATIONAL CES - CONSUMER ELECTRONICS SHOWThe Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas was an amazing experience, showcasing the innovative consumer technology industry. CES feature 2700+ exhibitors, including companies who design, develop, manufacture, distribute, and integrate consumer electronics products. Consumer technology included Computer Hardware & Software, Digital Health & Fitness, Digital Imaging/Photography, Lifestyle Electronics, Telecommunications, Wireless & Wireless Devices, Emerging Technology, Electronic Gaming, Internet-Based Multimedia Systems, etc. Companies included Samsung, Panasonic, LG, Toshiba, Motorola, Sony, Microsoft, Canon, Nikon, and a host of others. The most popular new consumer products this year were the Smart TVs and various 3D TVs. Wish I could have all these wonderful new toys!
5	CES is always a great show. If you any geekyness in you and haven't been, I encourage you to go and see all the vendors, products and people. Just a free pass (get it early in the year) is enough to fill your brain with new Ideas and products that will make you yearn for more. Be sure to see all the exhibits and awards and oh yes, GO TO EVERY keynote. The keynote is one of my top reasons to be at CES. See what the point of view is from the industry top leaders, this is a fabulous, fabulous time.
4	This was my second year attending CES, and I enjoyed it a lot more than last year.  Maybe it was because I OD'd on ibuprofen as a preventative, knowing that all that walking would wreak havoc on my back pain by the middle of the day.  We also stuck to the South Hall, leaving the center for near the end of the day so that we could sit down and be wowed by the new HDTV Plus displays. North, alas, will go unexplored.There was the usual surfeit of cases for the iPhone 5 and the iPad mini ("waterproof" is this year's buzzword), and a few new small products that caught my attention - an interesting cleaner gizmo from Lenspen, small for cellphones and larger for tablets, that really work using a new process that doesn't involve liquids;  a text message app, Sendboo (free app), that translates your message in real time to any of 30 different languages and transmits it over wi-fi or Internet data plan without text message charges; the thick chocolate bar swag at iHome.  It's the little things that pique my interest (and fill my ever-expanding tummy!).  But my Best of Show had to be the toddler's potty with an attached tablet stand.  I wonder if it comes with an app for toilet training?  I tried to get a photo, but my Yelp app refused to load  :((But despite the free frozen margarita upstairs at South, and the fresh popcorn downstairs, I will not EVER divulge my parking secret!  And tomorrow I may do it all again, even though the absence of major swag was a big disappointment.
5	CES is and will always be awesome for tech geeks, as well as casual tech people who are curious about the next big thing.   there are several ways to attend CES:- your company booth is there, therefore you can go representing them- you own your own business that focuses on consumer electronicsThere are other ways to attend but now a days i think its a lot more difficult to use a fake company like in the past.  Badge wise, it will cost around 100+ plus for a badge if you register late, although if you register early, it will be free.  Also, make sure you stay at a hotel that is close to the free shuttles that will take you straight to the convention.  i wish CES occurred on the weekends, so then it would be easier to go next year.  What to expect:  there's so much to see, that we ran out of time.  there are several buildings with things and panels to see, with the main building having the big players such as sony, microsoft, google, etc.  there's lots of free swag as well, although not as much as comic con, you still could get some pretty good things.  best thing to do in my opinion is plan out your time accordingly by looking at the maps before the event starts.  then you would know which area's you want to check out, and definitely try to watch as much presentations as possible as thats how you really get a great idea what there promoting.  as for the staff at the booths, its hit or miss, there are plenty of eye candy, but if you ask some tech questions, sometimes they won't have an idea of an answer and just say go look at the website.  wish i could go every year, its a blast!!!
4	Today a bunch of us were fortunate to get tickets to the International CES.  I was super stoked because it was my first CES convention.  Here's the bad part:  We ended up going in circles and leaving for a couple of hours because there was no parking.  The parking attendants weren't very nice and the communication between all the volunteers lacked a bit.  Now here's the good part:  Lots of food places if you get hungry, NEVER a dull moment and free swag everywhere!  My favorite parts about the convention:Audi automobile showcase - everything was super bright and white.  Then I saw my dream car.  The Audi RS 5 Cabriolet convertible.  Super sleek. sexy and innovative.  The Boombot station - Everyone was dressed in kimonos and the back dropped was Japanese graffiti.  The boombot is a small speaker with a big clip that packed a huge punch!Hands down, the LG Electronics Room - Sooo amazingg, 3D wall, vacuum that works by voice command, focus glasses and the video games, surround sound room and of course my new favorite toy, the 84" Ultra HD TV.  The Sony Room - Nothing that special, just two things:  Taylor Swift's music video playing on the TVs and the new Sony WX80 camera:  let's you whiten your teeth, removes shine and blemishes, widens eyes, even an option for makeup.  SOOO cool!The Street Audio earphone nook on the way to electronics - Great headphones.  Best part were the people in head to toe black body suits.  We had a dance off LOL.And finally, the Samsung station - The middle contained a live show starring the Samsung HD TVs, harmoniously moving to the music.  Reminded me of the Bellagio fountains, just with TVs.  Then there's the best part of the whole convention:  The 110"  Frame HD TV.  The TV is built in it's own stand that looks like a frame picture.  The color is clear and I mean, c'mon, it's 110"!!!All in all I had a great time at CES and hung out with some cool people.  I'm super stoked that I'll be automatically registered for another pass for next year's festivities!!!P.S.  Drink lots of coffee and 5 hour energy drinks.  It's a lot of walking!
5	Electronics everywhere with features that wont' be around until sometime later this year! what is there not to love?? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! I love this show! I've been about 3 times now and every year I am still overwhelmed by how fast the technology industry is! This isn't just someone getting creative and coming up with new designs every year with certain things to just look different, there is always genuine new pieces of technology that didn't exist the year before or needed to be perfected in order for consumers to truly appreciate it.There is just so much stuff to see and do that one day is almost never enough for me. We try to prioritize what we want to see and go based off what we want to see. If you're like me and can only spare about a day a year for this show, then definitely check out the Main Hall and the South Hall. Those are the ones that basic consumer products from some of the largest companies are placed in. I personally never got a chance to check out the North Hall but I believe that's usually where all the cars for the year are shown. There is no need to park directly here at the convention since most hotels offers a shuttle that will bring you here and bring you back after the show is over! There is also a food court inside the convention center right outside of the South Hall when you need to grab a quick bite before going back into the Geek convention of the year! I absolutely love it!Enjoy geeking out, and also keep in mind they allow DSLRs so bring your cameras and snap away at all the photos you want! :)
5	I snagged a ticket to CES for the last 2 years. Here are the highs and the lowsParking sucks. You best off to park at one of the hotels and pay the $10Free swag everywhere.
3	2 yrs ago it was 3D EVERYTHINGThis yr it was OLED and Cell Phone Covers. Cell phone covers? Yes. Cell Phone Covers. I feel like half the show was cell phone cover manufacturers from China. More than half of North and South hall was littered with Cell Phone covers. The big names were in Central Hall, Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, LG, Sharp, Samsung, etc. The basement of South hall were gaming and massage. Interesting show as always but i feel like there was not enough new fascinating things to see. The coolest thing I saw was the Nanotechnology used to coat electronic devices: WaterBlock, DryWired and Liquipel. Just a spray and they becomes water-resistance, good to fall into a pool (for a certain depth and time of course). They don't plan on coating devices for consumers, only to manufacturers but it's still awesome!
5	Its CES. Need I say more?
5	CES... I loves youuuu.There is so much happening around CES I don't know which part is my fave. The showcase of future products? The innovative guest speakers? The smaller side conferences? The insane amount of cash these companies throw around for post-show parties? The ability to see the products enter the market years later and become a HUGE hit? It's all gold. Cost? $0. If you hit up the website a few months in advance the passes are free. More of a last minute, FOMO guy? There's always someone with a code that lets you register for free. Tips:-WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES. You will do A LOT of walking. -Parking is rough. Hit a hotel and take the monorail, grab a shuttle, or plan on parking far away (I parked a mile away today).-Don't miss the tents in the parking lot. There are usually some cool car concepts and other large brands out there. -The convention center is HUGE. Prepare to get lost and don't freak out if you can't find an exit. -Don't expect freebies... but going late on the final day might help with that :)-DO NOT TAKE A TAXI. That line is insane.-Locals- avoid this section of Paradise all week. Worth the traffic, crowds and foot pain? Hell yes!
4	Think Las Vegas is crazy? Wait 'till you go to CES!The energy of the strip is magnified by 10, emphasized by the power of geek. Much like Vegas, everything is over the top just for the sake of being over the top. 105" curved 3DTVs? Cars with one seat? Tchotchkes galore? This is Vegas, baby! However (also like Vegas), there are tons of people milling about and getting anywhere takes ages. Patience is a virtue!
5	I don't know if it was the day I went or if I just went with the right group but I got a bunch of free stuff and had a great time! I only was able to go one day... and only for a few hours (tear) but CES fed me (thank you, BMW), wow'ed me (3d printer like whaaaat), and spoiled me with phone cases galore. Just wish I would've had more time/days and I could've got/seen more stuff. Next year I'm aiming for the whole week.Tips:- wear walking shoes. seriously. flats were a terrible mistake.- you will get lost. just face it.- bring cash. you never know what someone might be willing to sell at a big discount...
5	Ah CES.... Nerd Paradise... the EDC of technology... and one of the best ways to start the new year.I have been coming to CES for the past three years and its something I very much look forward too. Major tech companies from around the world converge on Las Vegas showing off the latest and greatest in technology. There is so much going on during CES week not just at the Las Vegas Convention Center but all over town. The best part of the event? Its free if you register early enough. There are a couple staples of the show that you must stop by: Audi, Samsung, LG, Intel, and Sony. These manufacturers are they showing off all their new stuff and its pretty impressive. Traffic around the convention center is usually a nightmare so make sure you plan accordingly. If you are looking for free swag keep a look out the small 'mom n pop' manufacturers in South Hall, the major companies don't really give anything away.  Couple of recommendations:Wear comfortable shoes as you will be walking alot.Park at the Venetian/Palazzo as they have a free shuttle service. Bring snacks - there are alot of places to eat at the convention center but their prices are ridiculous.
4	Been here 3 years in a row and it starts to feel the same to me now, but it's definitely interesting and there is a lot of stuff to take in. It takes me about 2 hours for each South, Central, and maybe North hall too, but I go fast and I only stop at the stuff I care about. Otherwise you should be ready to spend days here and walk for miles. Yes, I'll get a curved phone and maybe a curved TV (I'll read this post in a year or to and laugh probably), and also some wifi enabled LED bulbs (those are here to stay). It's fun to try so many gadgets and talk to so many people, get here if you can - it's for industry affiliates only.
3	This was my first time here and it was a little disappointing.  There was no real huge new technology and most of the booths were filled with crap.  I'm looking at you, the 1000 booths of cell phone cases.  I was here for work so I did not get to see everything.  CES is so huge though, I'm not sure I could have gotten through everything if I didn't have to work.The one cool thing I did get to see though was the new Steam Boxes.  I'm not totally sold on the idea of a Steam Box, but if they really rock perhaps I could be persuaded.  Other than that, there were tons of wearable smartphones and I can say that I have little to no interest in wearing glasses or a watches with smartphone capabilities.  Who knows though?  The technology might kick ass someday.I can't say I ever see myself coming back to CES, I don't really think that it is worth spending the time and money to be at unless you are a big player in the industry.
4	COOL STUFFEvery year some of the coolest products are on display in the middle of the desert. Everything from 3D Televisions to Refrigerators that talk to you. Like I need a text telling me my meat is too hot or do I? There is a lot of innovation to take in every year at the show and it can be overwhelming.Typically I do not get to walk around very much because I am typically working. So on my lunch times or bathroom runs I try to see as much cool stuff as I can near our booth.  We will typically share info amongst ourselves about what is fun and nearby. Like one year they were signing up people to get tazed. We were all trying to talk each other into it but it never happened. We did enjoy watching other people falling to the ground like a sack of potatoes. One year we had a guy just start dancing in our booth. It was really funny and scary at the same time. It was just a normal CES day until that guy showed up. The incident was so funny that people stopped in the aisles to watch. Luckily I videotaped the moment and we were able to watch it again later during our last stage presentation. Our neighboring booth, Brother was nice enough to print us all shirts with this guy on them. We took a screen grab off my video and after some fun photoshop editing we had a shirt ready to be made. See technology is great and it comes together on the show floor at CES.One year we had a guy nearby selling remote control helicopters with HD cameras on them. We had an incident where his helicopter lost control and crashed into our stage show. Luckily no one on the ground was injured but the mini little guy in the copter did not make it.I enjoyed a night from 10pm to 2am listening to a guy from Sync (the computers in FORD cars) yell commands at a computer that would not do anything he asked. It probably did not help that he was using the F word a lot. All I could think to myself was that I am glad I do not have a Ford car with Sync Technology because it F...King sucks.These are just some of the stories I have stuck in my head, after all of the CES's I have been to. But trust me there are a million more funny moments too. I just do not want to bore you with all of these moments in my CES life.It is a consumer electronic show so if you are a guy and you love gadgets and we all do, then this is the place for you. You will walk around like a kid in a candy store wishing this place was Best Buy and that you could walk out with product right now but this is a showing show and not a selling show except for that guy with the helicopter he was totally selling those. Hopefully no one bought the one that crashed. If you ever get an opportunity to go to CES, then I highly recommend it because it is the largest trade show in Vegas plus your in Vegas!
1	The customer service through CES has been going downhill for the last few years and they keep making the free-registration deadline earlier & earlier - Who's thinking about a trade show taking place in January in August???  They are losing a lot of smaller companies who aren't willing to shill out the extra $500 to have passes - not to mention losing $$$ for the Las Vegas economy (has anyone noticed that there are less and less people each year?)Hopefully they will get some staff on board who are nicer and more interested in getting all trades involved, not just the big names.
4	I've been here a couple of times when my laptop had some problems. They usually get my computer running in a couple of days and they always call me at home to let me know when I can pick it up. There's usually a long wait to get to a rep so while you wait you can usually go on one of their computers and check your email or look at some of the newer gadgets.
4	Server specialists do an excellent job of fixing your computer or help you pick a new one and get it up and running. You can also try out the latest products like the Nano. The only yucks part is that if you're waiting to have something repaired you have to take a number and wait sometimes a very long time. On the upside you can go on one of their computers and check your email while you wait.
5	This is an awesome tech event! It's fun for all ages and interest levels...come ready to walk, talk and explore! So many great companies, ideas and so much innovation. Enjoy!
