5	The chef here comes from a well-known restaurant on the strip.This is my favorite sushi restaurant in the US.The food is excellent.  The chef does a "special sushi" plate; a slightly different take on the usual toppings for nigiri style sushi.  One is a red wine reduction sauce, another uses paper-thin slices of jalapeno.  If you ask, he will likely do servings of "traditional vs original" pieces of nigiri.They also have a number of great sake options.Get the live amaebi, if they have it, and try the house-made red-bean ice cream.
5	This is hands down one of my favorite sushi restaurants, ever.  Well aside from Japan.  Go with the omakase, it's worth every penny.  They start off with a few courses including black cod, and finish with nigiri sushi.  If you have had it before, they will give you omaksase version #2, etc.  They have fantastic lunch specials on the weekdays as well.  The almond franjipan dessert is not to be missed.  Then again the warm chocolate souffle cake with green tea ice cream is superb too.  It costed about $40 to cab here from the strip, but boy it was worth it.  And you're paying half the price of the trendy Japanese restaurants on the strip.
5	if you are looking for great Japanese food but can't afford Nobu, this is the place to be.  The chef actually is from Nobu.I had the $50 omakase (a course meal) and every dish was del.icio.us and beautiful.And one of the waitresses there was hella cute and friendly.
4	Food: 4/5Environment: 3.5/5Service: 4/5Price: 4.5/5novelty: 3/5I came here highly recommended since the owner/chef left the famous NOBU "Hard Rock" to start up Sen.- Great prices..half of Nobu, for pretty much theh same quality.- Great selection of sake..I guess this is where they bring in the bucks.- Sushi...fresh, tasty, but nothing over fancy about the presentation which I am a fan of.- Environment...I'm big on environment, and this was just kinda ordinary.. it's semi fancy in a modern way, but the big plasma screen hovering behind the sushi bar kind of turned me off. Why do I want to watch football while eating sushi and sake.- One thing I have heard good about this place is that it is open late. Until 2-3 ish, when all the famous people come over.- I'd come here again, but I'll say this is the 3rd time..give me the "3rd" time omakase. It seems they have a set menu for the omakase dependant on how many times you have beeb, which i did not like... i thought it was suppose to be more of an improv attitude based on what was fresh that day.
5	I actually went with here with Yusaku S. who reviewed this previously. And My experiences was the same.  FANTASTIC. That waitress WAS hella cute and nice. Alice was her name I believe.  I think she was just into Yusaku and maybe thats why we got such good service.  I'll have to go again on my own to confirm what I will conclude in this review.Go to Sen of Japan if you want nobu for half the price and a tenth the pretentiousness.
5	AMAZING!My favorite place for sushi in Vegas. I would eat here 3-4 days per week if I had an unlimited amount of money.  This restaurant was opened by the former chef of the highly acclaimed Nobu.  It might even be better...definitely a better value for the $!!!Dishes I recommend:Black codHamachi Kama (yellowtail collar)Spicy tuna roll w/ eel and avacado on topFilet (toban-yaki style)White fish carpaccioYellowtail w/ garlic ponzu sauceShrimp tempura w/ orange chili aoli sauceGarlic tuna sushi (nigiri style)
5	From what I have been told, the chef comes from Nobu on the strip and serves basically the same things but at a much better price.We had an easy time getting here from the strip, just taking a taxi about 7 miles out. It's located in a shopping plaza with random restaurants and a grocery store. However, we did have a tough time getting back to the strip because it took forever for a taxi to come and pick us up. I recommend going here only if you have your own car (or rental) or ordering a cab way in advance.The fish was very fresh and we especially enjoyed the black snapper. The service was right on. The restaurant is very laid back and I think the fanciest place to sit is at the bar.
5	This is the best Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas. "sen" means fresh and the sushi here is definitely fresh. When i go with my family i get the "omakase" and my parents will order al la carte and we share everything. the omakase [the set course] comes with a salad, appetizer, some sort of meat, sushi, and dessert. There's definitely enough food for one person. the tempura is the BEST in the valley. the modern decor is very trendy. however, if you decide to order warm sake, watch out because it is VERY hot, almost too hot. but all in all, it's is AMAZING. best japanese restaurant with a good atmosphere and service.
5	If you're looking for an off the strip sushi place with "off the hook" taste this is the place to go.  I went to this place for the first time about 2 weeks ago and I was absolutely elated with how fresh the fish was! The smell of the restaurant was perfect not like some sushi places you walk into (The Ka in Henderson was disappointing in that area). I try to eat sushi at least once a week if not more and this place will be on my "A" list of sushi places to go. The variety of custom sauces that are prepared with every dish is excellent. Atmosphere is good, the chefs are very friendly, and whether you have your own favorite custom dish or something recommended I don't think you'll be disappointed.  And yes, these chefs who own the place used to work at Nobu and the sushi restaurant inside Bellagio (can't remember the name).
5	Hit Sen last night with the gf.  I've been to Sen about four times - yet my first review of the place. This place is clearly my  fav non-strip sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.  In fact, it might just be my fav sushi spot period.  Located in a non-descript strip mall on desert inn ( across from TC's Rib Crib and It's a grind - that place was hoppin' last night )  - it's a simple, clean, comfortable restaurant.  The service is top-notch.  Twice, i dropped my napkin on the floor and twice the server was there with a fresh napkin before i could blink an eye.We decided to go large  - the $85/ person omakase. - 3 cold courses, 2 hot courses and dessert.started with a couple oysters topped with a sweet onion salsa and then a yellowtail with a daikon and fried green  onion filling - both were very fresh, refreshing.  the gf and i are usually not fans of oysters - we're having 2nd thoughts.next up - a sashimi salad with an amazing light, citrus-y dressing - the sashimi included ahi tuna, salmon and scallop -  the flavor buds are dancin' now !1st hot dish - lobster with a lemon grass sauce - lobster was lightly grilled - the sauce - lemon-y, but it did not have that thai -influenced flavor i expected when lemongrass is used.Next up - seared filet mignon with crisp  sweet potato / potato shavings and asparagus with a mustard sauce - holy cow , perfect tenderness, the mustard was not too heavy - all good !the last cold dish - sushi - salmon, shrimp, yellow tail, mako and a couple pieces of ahi roll.  The yellowtail and mako - awesome.  a little disappointed that they include boring shrimp - it was good though.also included a coup of miso and clam soup - great.finished with a molten chocolate cake and green tea ice cream.  chocolate molten cake never gets old for me - it has some unusual spicing in it - i forgot to ask the server what was in it - had a slight spice to it, but i don't think it was a pepper source.  I was saddened to see how little biz they had when we were there - i hope it was just a slow night because this place is a gem.
3	TEMPURA HEAVEN, SUSHI PURGATORY, & AIOLI HELLThe tempura here is among the best I've ever had.  They must use liquid nitrogen in their batter or something because the result is tempura that is amazingly crisp and light.  Truth be told I came here for sushi, but the kambocha pumpkin tempura really stole the show.  One tempura dish that was horrible however, was the shrimp tempura with orange aioli.  The dish arrived with chopped pieces of shrimp tempura that were absolutely saturated, soaked, and drenched in a deluge of mayonnaise.  Combined with the oil from the deep frying, this dish was nearly sickening.In terms of the sushi, it was very good but not mind-blowing.  With all the glowing reviews I was expecting to see the heavens to open up and hear angels singing the Hallelujah chorus, but alas that did not happen.  The hamachi was good, as were the salmon skin roll, and the California roll made with real crab.  Unfortunately, the chu toro at $10 was a disappointment.  Normally, chu toro will make me pause and cause my eyes to roll back as I savor each buttery bite.  Not so much this time.  All in all my experienced was mixed, but I'm willing to give them another chance to try their omakase.
5	Awesome place.  We did the $55 omakase cuz we didn't want oysters in the $85 one and it was faaaaaantastic.  The omakase consisted of:1.  Yellowtail garlic jalapeno: nice presentation and total melt in your mouth.2.  Sashimi salad consisting of salmon, ahi tuna and albacore3. Miso cod...soo freaking good!!  I'll probably just get this as an entree next time....if my attempt at making this at home is a complete failure...4. Mustard Filet Mignon..I like it a little more rare but then again I didn't know it was coming out.  It was excellent.5. Mixed sushi pieces were all very good but this was surprisingly the least interesting for me6. Molten lava chocolate cake w/ green tea ice cream to cap it off!!Consider me a repeat customer!  Now they just need kobe beef and I won't go to Nobu again!
2	Visited it yesterday. The design inside is pretty simple - feels like aquarium. Sushi are overpriced and not good as expected. Not worth to visit at all.
5	DELICIOUS!!The flavorful dishes of the Sen of Japan shouldn't be missed when visiting Vegas.  Located on the west side of Vegas, a little far for the tourists on the strip.  But well worth the travel.  And if you are a Nobu fan, you've gotta try this place.  Oh, and after eating here, you'll know whey they are Michelin rated!Highly recommend the $55 Omakase tasting menu.  We must of had 7 different dishes.  The amazing part was that everyone at our table didn't have the tasting menu, yet the food was sync'd between the tasters & non tasters.  We all had food at the same time, so people weren't waiting around.The tasting menu was just delicious.  Visually stunning and delicious.If you have the tasting menu, you have to tell the waitress how many times you had it before.  This way, they can change the menu for you.  Apparently, they have 4 tasting menus. After the 4th trip, then its chef's choice.Sen of Japan was so good, we went twice in a weekend!
3	Definitely a good sushi restaurant, but in this town, I'll be going elsewhere.  The ambiance was great... I told my date I felt like I was in the middle of Karate Kid 2.  The fish was good, too, but a little pricey when you realize that you could go down the street for all-you-can-eat.  Can't say I'll be rushing to go back.
4	Finally got a chance to dine here and I was very impressed.  Every person from chefs to servers were friendly and attentive.The Nobu influence is very unmistakeable.  We had the $55 omakaze tasting menu (#1 of 4 from what I'm told).  I see the others have already listed the dishes served with the omakaze #1 so I won't bore you with the details of each dish, I'll just make a couple comments.Yellowtail with jalapenos and sashimi salad were excellent, very fresh fish.  Miso cod, I'm kinda over this dish (probably had it once too many times at Nobu) but they do execute it very well here.  Filet Mignon - unexpected but solid.  Mixed sushi - nice to be able to sample all their fish - I liked the hamachi and salmon a lot but absolutely loved the halibut.  I felt the cake and ice cream were uninspired and the cake not that good.  Also a little heavy to end that meal with.  You must must must order the uni here.  If you've never had uni before this is the place to try it for your first time.  I thought I'd had good uni before but this was head and shoulders above the rest.$55/man with two people tax and tip plus the order of uni it was $160, not cheap but half the price of Nobu Hard Rock and imo a much better meal.I will report back when I return for omakazes #2 - #4.  Hopefully soon.
4	I never thought I'd be singing the praises of filet mignon sushi, but here I am.I've been to this place several times, but after the last trip I had to come tell you all how great it is.My gf and I were headed to Naked Fish the other night, not because it's our favorite, but because it's where we had our first date so we like to go back once in a while.  We arrived to find an hour wait, which meant goodbye Naked Fish, hello Sen of Japan.We sat at the bar for the first time and I must tell you, unless you're with a large group, this is the best way to go.  The chefs are so attentive and friendly, it made for a much better experience.I started with the miso-shittake soup while the gf had the agedashi with japanese eggplant.  Both were nice twists on old favorites.  The spider roll done caterpillar style with avocado and sweet chili sause was so good we had to get another.  I've had a lot of sushi in my life, but the tuna I had there that night was simply the best piece of fish I've ever tasted.Bottom line - if you're looking to pig out, go somewhere else to an all you can eat.  If you want a wide variety of good food and great service, come here.
4	My initial experience here is when it first opened in 2005 and I have forgotten how fantastic this place is. Like all the other reviews for this place, I have to agree that the Nobu style is clearly evident in their cuisine. Miso cod! You simply have to have this dish. I had the beef tataki here and it was excellent. The tasting menu is some thing that first timers must have. Food, price, service and atmosphere, this place will not let you down.Sen of Japan gives Nobu a good run for it's money.
4	If you don't have a car then it might not be foe you unless you want to spend for a cab. It away from the strip about a 15 minute drive. Comparable to Nobu but a lot cheaper. It was worth trying. The omakase was excellet for 50 bucks. The sushi was fresh and cheaper than Nobu. Over all I was satisfied.
2	I am not impressed... The place is nicely decorated, nice ambiance, the staff are polite and professional suited for the price tag of the food. But the quality of the food - in this case their sushi - is not on the same level. I've been to Nobu and Matsuhisa. I can see that Sen of Japan tries to emulate these gems, unfortunately they can only go as far as the list on the menu. Words such as foi gras or truffles don't impress me much if the simplest dish can't even be prepared decently.During my visit, the fish was fresh but the sushi rice, the base of the word "Sushi" itself, can't even go unnoticed as being a decent or even standard. The rice was dry, it fell apart even as you tried to lift the nigiri or the rolls. Barely tasted the sweet vinegar infused in the grain, the rice was rather chewy, a bit like sweet rice (sticky rice).  The fish slices are quite thin. I thought with sushi you suppose to eat and taste the flavor of the fish, with rice as accompaniment not the other way around??As usual I ordered a spicy tuna handroll - to see how they manage spiciness with fresh fish. I always give credit for trying to be creative, but only praise when the creativity was done right. A handroll is a handroll. Its shape is a basic cone and people usually put their creativity in its presentation. I just don't get it when I saw the handroll that looked like a sushi roll gone wrong. Perhaps by mistake they made a mini sushi roll and then realized that the order was actually for a handroll? It was a flatten cylindrical shape with a small piece of rectangular seaweed to cap the bottom of the roll. 2 pieces of seaweed to make a handroll alone already rolled my eyes. Top that with soggy seaweed, a handroll that looks like a patch-up job, spicy tuna that's so salty I could not taste the fish at all, can't even see the fish as well for it was so finely mashed the mixture was a pretty color of pink. The prominent taste was only that of the mayo and chili sauce. The tuna/mayo paste was very soft, the little patch of seaweed that plug the end of the roll could not contain it.Agedashi tofu, the deep fried slightly battered tofu, took so long to come out. It supposed to be an appetizer, but it came out at the end of the meal, despite our inquiry to the waitress (twice). When it came, the batter was so thick and hard it was rather tough to puncture with the chopstick. I was expecting a silken texture of the tofu, instead I got a rough hard tofu that not just crack under my chopsticks, it tasted dry and tasteless. Not a good texture to feel on your tongue, Do I dare order anything else after that? I think not... So, 2 stars. One for the place and one for the people.
5	The best late night happy hour for sushi (not saying teppenyaki..which isn't even really Japanese anyways...) anywhere in town!!  Apparently no one is even aware of this cuz the place was empty around midnight on a recent Friday night.  It would be a shame if a sushi restaurant like this didn't thrive in a city that's basically sushi crazy.  Go sit at the bar and ask the chef what the best cuts of fish are for the day.  They make some great stuff not on the menu.
3	Good food but very pricey. We are regulars here, and the chefs know us by name here. Our favorite are the #2 tempura roll with tuna and tempura flakes on top, white fish with garlic jalepeno, #5 baked scallop roll, spanish mackeral, kunumoto oysters, scallop sushi, and many more. Some of these things I'm not even sure if it's on the menu. We come here so much, they usually know what we order also. The last time we came was yesterday and we spent about $60 per person and left hungry still. Good if you want on-the-strip sushi quality that's off-the-strip.
5	I love the #17 roll here.  It's delicious.  It has soft-shell crab, salmon, and mango with spicy stuff on top.  They do a lot of their rolls with mango.  Very different, very good.
5	My very favorite sushi joint in Summerlin!I love just about everything here.  It is consistantly fresh.  Tasty and service is impeccable.   A must try if you are in Summerlin.  Not easy to find but worth the effort.
4	Compared to Nakid fish, it's like holding a knock off bag next to the real thing. No beuno.Good spot though for midnight sushi cravings and saki bombs.Summerlin is a bit of a drive but would definitely take a big group of friends here before a night out on the strip.Liked the #17 roll and all the extra spicy stuff!
5	Next time you are out in Vegas, and you need a place to eat, go here.  You'll never forget this place.  The food is simply ---insert any uplifting adjective synonymous with good, spectacular, awesome, amazing---!  It is a bit off the strip but it is a find when you get there.  Go with a big group and give this place as much business as you can.  It deserves it and you will all have a blast getting loaded up on the saki and the meal, whoah.  Wonderous.  And here is a tip, if you went to Vegas and forgot to make reservations for a place to have a good meal, just come here.  Just be forewarned, once you eat here, Japanese food will never be the same anywhere else.
5	So - this place is about a 10-15 min cab ride from the strip (which = about  $20 + tip). Some background:  We are big sushi fans and regularly try to find great sushi places after her trip to Japan.  I in a previous life, used to manage a great japanese restaurant and worked with authentic Japanese chefs for a while. I've eaten at high-end japanese restaurants in many different cities (Nobu, Hiro, Masa, etc....).Summary: Go!  This is te best sushi and japanese cuisine I've had anywhere.  This is not the typical sushi joint, nor is the typical high-end japanese restaurant, it is low-key - with a focus on great food.  Our Server John also became my second favourite server in the world (yes - the world!).  The Hot kitchen chef is previously from Nobu.   Pricing is entirely reasonable and cheap compared to the strip.  Spend the taxi fare to get here and rationalize it like this:  Nobu on the strip for a similar meal would be around $400 or so...here it is $150 (incl $60 bottle of Sake).    The restaurant decor is certainly nothing like Nobu, but is clean and relatively modern and is perfectly fine for a nice date - but if you impress people based on fancy decor rather than taste - you're going to the wrong place by coming here (I agree with previous reviewer: the TV is out of place behind the sushi bar).Details: John is an awesome, friendly server with great background knowledge who also suggested a great bottle of Daiginjo style cold Sake.  We didn't go Omakase, but John was our guide to the menu that night - based on our preferences he suggested several dishes that all ended up being delicious.Tempura was great - not too greasy, good amount of batter.Sushi - each had it's own"secret" sauce...great pairing.Fish - all very fresh.  O-Toro was superb (unlike previous comments), yellowtail was very good (had red flesh elements), maguro had an interesting twist of Jalapeno pepper and a fried garlic chip (ummm!).  Also they had several selections of fish/cuts that aren't available or on the menu of most restaurants (awabi, Kanpachi, Chu-Toro, O-toro...etc)Entree - The Black Cod Miso dish with Foie gras was rated very highly by my foie-gras-mad-girlfriend. Makis - Great selection, and the curry spiced shrimp tempura was delish.Most other sushi places have something like 12 ingredients they are working from to create "new" makis (ie: cucumber, lettuce, mayo, spicy  sauce, eel sauce, tempura bits, and some other ingredients)....resulting in some unsurprising variations in their rolls.  Sen of Japan must have something like 30+ ingredients they use to mix it up....resulting in some tasty and interesting flavour combos.  (ie: japanese curry + red onions + tuna+ tempura shrimp).I've never written as effusive of a yelp review before, but that's really because I haven't had this good of a japanese meal in a while...so it is well deserved.  We had already decided we will be going back whenever we're back in Vegas before we left the restaurant!Screw Nobu, Wazuzu, etc.  They are overpriced and the fish isn't even THAT great there (had some so-so tuna and toro).  Spend your evening at an off-the-strip place and get some serenity....ALSO - Call a cab about 20 mins before you want to head back into town....or ask the cabbie who drops you off for his phone number.
5	I must admit I was a bit skeptical when the taxi approached this somewhat divey restaurant. And frankly it's not even that divey, but after seeing all the over the top restaurant on the strip, it's hard to compare from a decor perspective. John our waiter was top notch. He was incredibly knowledgeable and very personable.  We really enjoyed his service. Now for the most important part - the food! Sen of Japan is 15 minutes from the strip, but well worth the trip. While I'm a big fan of dipping my sushi in soy sauce, also love to have a piece of ginger with all pieces. My habits changed! I didn't want to compromise the incredible flavors of the fish. The sushi was fresh and ALL melted in your mouth. Each piece had it's own sauce. Amazing flavors. While all pieces tried were fantastic, I think my fav was the o-toro. It was so buttery I couldn't help but smile after I finished. The tempura was delicious. It wasn't super greasy, which made a difference. Black Cod miso with Foie Gras, yes Foie Gras! I was delighted to see this on the menu because I'm a HUGE fan. It was perfection. You must try this dish!The curry spiced shrimp tempura maki was a recommendation of John. Loved it! Thanks John for this suggestion. My bf isn't a huge fan of curry yet he enjoyed this roll. I can't stop raving over our experience at this fabulous restaurant. We simply had the best time. Thanks to my BF for researching sushi places in the area and thanks for all you that reviewed that got us here. This place is amazing!!
5	Proof that some of the best food in Vegas resides OFF the Strip.  Use this for reassurance as you make the illogical 15min drive away from the bright lights.The owner Chef Shinji made us a fabulous meal on the fly since the BF and I got there at 1am, too late for the $55/$85 omakase dinners.  It was a very, very happy accident; our meal turned out to be no less than authentic Japanese perfection (fresh fish & simmered/stewed dishes are the stars, not the rolls).++ | Chef's choice at the sushi bar |Chef Shinji's strength is knowing the clear difference btwn traditional & Japanese fusion.  He can prepare a lovely traditional meal, though I'm completely in love with his fusion nigiri creations.  Each piece is steeped in traditional flavor/technique with just a smidgen of hip nuance.  Did I also mention that he's very, very generous with uni?Hot Appetizers if you're just starving:- Black Cod Butter Lettuce Wraps: the cod sat in the stewing pot too long for my tastes.- Shrimp Tempura with Orange Sauce: the shrimp is shelled and has nice flavor, but it reminds me of chinese honey walnut prawns- Calamari: lightly quick-fried so it's got great soft texture. The ponzu flavor is refreshing but not extraordinaryFor the best Japanese in Vegas during Happy Hr (11p-2a?):Dinner for 2 = $40/person
5	My favorite sushi bar in Las Vegas.  Love the chefs special rolls - king crab, soft shell crab, etc.  Also love the shrimp tempura with spicy orange aioli.
5	The best sushi in Vegas!  Hiro was the sushi chef at Matuhisa many years ago & came to Vegas to open Nobu.  He then opened his own restaurant near our home in Summerlin & we're so thankful that he's brought great, creative sushi to Vegas.We usually order a few dishes and leave the rest to Hiro's recommendation.  The two things I always order:  1. Japanese snapper sushi with miso leaf sprinkled with sea salt (amazing!)2. Roll #7 Tonight Hiro sent out these thin slices of yellowtail topped with a cilantro leaf, thinly sliced serrano pepper, and a sauce that was amazing. Other standouts:  black cod soy, eggplant miso, all the skewers, tempura (esp shrimp & pumpkin), shisito peppers...Service is always perfect.  You will not be disappointed.Oh yeah...if you like spicy, make sure you start with their spicy edamame!!
5	Yummy sushi! Most of the sushi we had was recommended by the server. There was a variety of fish from Hawaii that we tried and we were impressed with the Moi. We also had the Garlic Yellowtail, Chu-Toro, Garlic Shrimp, Cajun Albacore (not what you get in AYCE places) and Ocean Trout Carpaccio are definitely items to try. The California Rolls all have real crab meat in them. The best part about the restaurant was the service. The server was very helpful and he helped us pick out some yummy eats.
5	After literally 75+ visits since its inception, I feel compelled to give a brief write up.  With the obvious preface that Las Vegas does not have comparable sushi to LA, NYC, etc., I love Sen of Japan.  Simply, it is the best that our city has to offer.  I've been to every other spot in town, the Okadas, Nobus, Nakeds, blah blah blah.  Consistently, Sen has as good/the best quality available.  The kitchen food is delicious as well.  Admittedly, this is not the place to go if you enjoy japanese lasagna or whatever-the-stupid-cliche-named roll.  But, for a very solid nigiri/sashimi/omakase dinner, it is well worth the 15-minute drive west from Las Vegas Blvd.  The selection of fish is noteworthy as well including chu & o-toro, kohada, consistent uni, kanpachi, kurodai, moi, among others.  Also, within the next few weeks, Sen is adding many unique, smaller-batch sakes(not dissimilar to Raku's impressive list) to their already decent list.  It is great to see that business has steadily increased over the last few years as their reputation has grown.  Hiro-san and Shin-san definitely deserve it-hopefully, they'll be here for years to come!
3	Friends and I decided to try this place after reading all the great reviews. It seemed to be just what we were looking for - "Strip" sushi without the hefty price tag. We stopped in on a Sunday night, only a few other groups dining so we were seated right away. We started with some edamame and the yellowtail appetizer, which was recommended by our server and was fantastic. The rest of the meal, though, was pretty underwhelming. We ordered a bunch of sushi rolls to share, so I can't speak in regards to any of their other entrees, and while they were all good, they weren't anything special. Perhaps my expectations were set high from all the great reviews, and its disappointing that I can't give it a great review as well, but I (and the rest of my party agreed) was not too impressed. Service was good though, only mishap was one forgotten roll that we had to remind our server about.
5	EXCELLENT, BEST PLACE IN TOWN!!!I Love this place!  I try to stop in whenever I'm in town.  I can say that I know great Japanese food including sushi/sashimi and this place is awesome.I'm not a big fan of the California rolls and rainbow rolls as I believe these items are an abomination!  But if you want GREAT food in a very pleasant and Zen like atmosphere you must EAT HERE!!!
5	Fantastic!  Best sushi this side of Tokyo.  The chef is from Nobu and quite a friendly gent.  He will always come out after dinner and inquire about your meal.  The sushi is fantastic and I don't know of anywhere else in Vegas that can do like these folks.  I like spider rolls the best and these are unbelievable.Eaten there many countless times over the last 3+ yrs.  Perfect service every time!
4	This is the best sushi I've had so far in Vegas and I've tried most of the small little joints around town. Here is what my boyfriend and I ordered and i would highly recommend each one. ESPECIALLY the Black Cod. It is some amazing stuff. The price is higher than other places, but you can taste the quality.Appetizer: Salmon Fresh Spring Roll. ***This is excellent.Salad: Asian Mix Green Salad. Entree: Black Cod!!!Special Rolls: #13 Salmon  roll with garlic ponzu sauce                          Spider Roll. So yum. TRY IT OUT!
5	What sets Sen of Japan apart from Momo Sushi, I Love Sushi, Sushi Fever, and hm, all other sushi places I absolutely love in Vegas, is its crunch.  Momo offers a yellowtail sashimi dish with cilantro, jalepeno and soy/citrus ponzu, but Sen adds a crispy little garlic piece on top. I'll pay the extra 75 cents for that type of perfection. As another example, Sen makes the traditional spider roll but theirs is skinnier. You can order it with spicy tuna on top (number 23 on the menu). What's special is that the spicy tuna doesn't overpower the spider and, again, the spider has a little extra crunch-- carrot --that sets it apart from all other spicy spiders. Plus, Sen offers much more than sushi. The filet mignon tataki was an unusual treat. The citrusy soy sauce on top the thinly sliced, perfectly undercooked beef made me feel less guilty than I should have with that dish. The flavors were all very well-balanced (just like my Riesling!). We also tried the yellowtail tar tar, which you mix at the table with a little caviar and a wasabi soy sorbet. Top all that off with great service and I think Sen of Japan is my new favorite restaurant in town.With two glasses of wine, 1 large Sapporo, and about 4 really outstanding dishes, our bill came to $85 without tip. So Sen is a bit pricier than all my other favorite spots, but it's worth it.
4	Stopped by one night to have some Sake with the SO and was happy to find their HH menu.Small bottle $2.50 not bad. The food is pretty clean and authentic.My friend Chi tells me the owner used to work at Nobu's. That's saying a lot because Nobu is one of my favorite Japanese restaurants in town.The decor could use some work.Service is excellentNice neighborhood joint
3	I heard that the head chef of Sen was the former head chef of Nobu, so I was expecting something quite different than what I experienced here.  It was a good sized restaurant in a small strip mall on Desert Inn and Durango, but it was lacking in the ambiance one would expect from a restaurant that others seem to rave about.The dining area was a bit too bright for my taste.  The floor (if I remember correctly) was just concrete and seemed a bit inappropriate for what I paid.  The food was good, but the portions were small.
5	We read the reviews on Yelp last night about Sen of Japan, and they all almost seemed to good to be true.  I am happy to share that they were spot on.  I would feel comfortable putting this as the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to.  On top of that, the prices were quite reasonable.  We started off the dinner with a nice warm towel, followed up by some edamame for an appetizer.  We then had two rolls and two deserts that were all amazing.  The moshi ice cream was amazing (strawberry, chocolate/peanut butter, and tiramasu) and the chocolate suffle with green tea ice cream was to do for.  Simply put, this place rocks!
5	Listen to me, I'm a sushi snob. Seriously, I'm going to be pretentious here. Ready, go.I've written the same shit in my other reviews; I've been to the finest sushi restaurants in the world, and Sen of Japan is right up there. Who the fuck would have thought, this tiny little place west of the strip would have some incredible fish?So surprised, and now I'm converted from naked fish. Dollar for dollar, best sushi I've ever had. From the sashimi/nigiri to the innovative rolls, it was an awesome dining experience that I'm excited to have again and again and again.Black snapper, that's all I have to say.Trust me, I'm a doctor.
5	Leave the Strip for a strip mall and enjoy some awesome sushi at bargain prices.
5	Sen is awesome.  We visited on Saturday night of Memorial Day weekend 2010.They have TORO!  This is rare for sushi restaurants in Vegas.The TAKO is good and tender.  This is a litmus test for me.The fish is very fresh.  The fish is really fresh.  The chef has very interesting twists when he makes your order.The place is decorated in a very cool manner.I highly recommend Sen.  It is my number 2 in the entie country
4	I have to say sorry to those who did not like this place. We found this place on accident while looking for some good sushi and overall great atmosphere. The decor is nice (nothing CRAZY over the top but nice). The guys at the sushi bar were so fun and helpful in ordering rolls and I have to say each roll we ordered had 6 big pieces...I started to get full after 4 pieces. THe beer was cold and the way they set up the sake and serve it is FUN! The service happened so fast and elegantly that every time we looked down we had fresh plates and new ice cold beer glasses and yet we were never interupted once! We never had to look up and ask for anything! Just because the sushi chef is from Nobu doesn't mean this place has to be exaclty like Nobu. They are obviously getting a good following becasue on a Saturday night it was filling up. The T.V. at the sushi bar is fun for sporting events if you are just going to grab some sushi with a friend or with your boyfriend etc., etc. And it is a great place to take people that don't eat sushi because they have an entire menu of cooked food. My suggestion is GO! The service, sushi, ambiance, and prices are definatley worht it! Especially in these tough times when a lot of places have either closed or they quality of the food has gone WAY down!
1	Went last week and it was awful. A chef friend of mine recommended this place so I took my family supposedly for a nice dinner. The place is nothing special at all, no different from the hundreds of other sushi joints in strip malls all over town. Food was ok, the hamachikama was pretty dry and overcooked, the rest pretty decent. Sushi was nothing extraordinary, I've had better (but more expensive, in places like Shibuya and Nobu, yes I know you can't compare but...)The worst part was the service! we got a server that was "training" another one and he was just plain obnoxious! he would yell the order out loud to the other server in front of us and forgot three of the items we ordered (maybe if he had written the order he would remember?). The worst was when he shouted our sashimi combo order to the sushi chef across the room and made sure the whole restaurant knew we ordered the "normal" one and not the "special" one. Thanks for making the guests feel special! Get rid of this annoying clown that is training your other servers and you will do much better. Wish would have gotten any of the other servers as they seemed really nice and efficient. This person must be a relative of the owner, if not I cannot understand why he is still there...
5	Finally tried the omakase last night...wow!  I believe they change this "tasting menu" up based on what's fresh and if you have had it before they will change it too.  Here's a run down of the dishes we got - spicy yellowtail sashimi & kumamoto oysters, sashimi salad, lobster with asparagus, cod with foie gras, filet with asparagus, assorted plate of sashimi with miso soup & chocolate cake with green tea ice cream.  I was really impressed with the hot dishes (cod, lobster, filet).  The more we try here, the more we are amazed!  Sashimi, rolls, hot dishes & even the desserts are great (try the almond cake).  We also recommend "shin's special plate" of sashimi.  Tried 5 or 6 different sushi places in Vegas & this is the place that keeps us coming back.
5	Sen of Japan is by far one of the best sushi restaurants that I have ever tried.  Located right around the corner from my house in Vegas, it was my first stop of the trip the past weekend.I sit at the bar with my brother and two of my buddies. My brother knows the chef and owners and actually gets a job offer during our dinner!We opt for the sushi and sashimi omakase.Garlic Hamachi Sashimi - AwesomeOcean Trout Sashimi - Nice n FattyTuna Sashimi - Korean Red pepper paste added a different tasteSeared O-Toro  Nigiri - TO DO FORGarlic Shrimp Nigiri - SO GOODSalmon Nigri - Bonito and stuff make it oh so goodI dont remember all of the dishes but it was by far the best sushi experience i've had. No soy and stuff was required, everything was composed. The restaurant has a nice ambiance and cute waitresses to boot!repeat visit on all my trips to vegas for sure!
5	Sen of Japan is one of the best sushi restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas.  We usually have the rolls, but this time we tried the sashimi and ordered dishes from the hot kitchen.  The food was terrific! The white tuna was wonderful, black cod marinated in soy was tasty and the yellowtail was really fresh and good.  Also try the shisito peppers, spicy and delicious. The soft-shel l crab was very tasty. Woohoo what a wonderful meal.
5	This place has great sushi and sushi chef has great personality. Happy hour from 1030pm-2am is best deal going! Me and my GF get stuffed on great sushi for 25bux! And its good shite too. Open till 2am big plus for those of us who need a latenite hit.
4	We were sitting around my friend's house deciding what to eat, so we started throwing out restaurants. Sen of Japan came up, I yelp'd and said ok let's go.  We ordered Shishito peppers (which were a gamble, some were SUPER hot and some not at all)  I ended up eating majority of it since I like eating spicy.  We also ordered the kelp salad and asparagus wrapped in bacon as appetizers.Entrees I had the black cod (2 thumbs up).  my friend Princess had the sea bass with tomato miso paste, it was ok, nothing TOO memorable.  our friend Jas ordered the chicken rice stew.  He really liked it, it reminded me of "sick" food as he would put it lol.  It was still good, but I still liked my black cod.  It was flavorful and moist.  It's hard to find a decently priced Japanese restaurant, I will definitely be returning since I live right down the street lol.
5	Mamie P., let me just say- thank you. I thought I gave up on sushi in Vegas, but this place has opened me eyes.  Yes, there may be better places in LA or San Francisco or even Japan, but for Vegas, it was great.   When soy sauce is not needed for sashimi, it speaks volumes about the taste of the fish and the complementing garnishments.My menu for the night:-Yellowtail Tar Tar (~$10)- had this unique wasabi soy sauce sorbet -Filet mignon tataki- thinly sliced in a light sauce- #23 roll (~$15)- Spider roll topped spicy tuna- the crab had a nice flavor to the batter-Shin specialty platter ($20)- 7 types of sashimi, each with it's own complementing garnish; now that's labor intensive to prepare individual piecesOne of my favorites dishes oddly enough was the Calamari with Jalapeno Salt (~$10). It was served on top with a light dressed spinach salad.  The calamari was just so soft.  It was between a squid and white fish texture- very tender. I would stay away from their "skewered items".  We had the combination skeweres ($9.50)- chicken, beef, veggie and scallop.  Heavily sauced and just plain.  Definitely not even close to Raku standards for skewers. All in all- great experience.  Outstanding service.  We sat at the bar and had the Chef Shin talking to us the whole time.
4	We were in search of an authentic sushi bar where they serve high  quality fresh omasake menu owned by a Japanese sushi chef but knew that none would exist on the vegas strip.  After all, Vegas isn't exactly known for sushi.  I found Sen of Japan on Yelp and noticed their high rating from 60 reviewers and voted as the best sushi restaurant in Vegas by Zagat.   Well, worth the try!!  This place is around 10 minutes away from the Vegas strip.  We sat on the sushi bar and ordered the Omakase.  Our sushi chef's name was Sunny.  I would have to give him 5 stars for excellent service.  He was very attentive and worked quickly to serve not just our dinner but also the orders he had to full fill from other customers.   The sashimi were all nicely plated and were topped with different garish on each fish.  The layout of every dish was so pretty but the taste was even better.  I loved the way they prepared the rice where it was perfectly moist and wet.  Some places gives you a glob of dry rice that ruins the whole experience.  Omasake was $55-$85 per person depending on how much you wanted to eat.  I was full when I reached the $55 mark.  After the last toro fish, I felt content.  LA offers higher quality sushi places but for being Vegas, it was good enough for me to rate them at least 4 stars.  If I were in Vegas again, I'd come back here. If you're sick of all those typical hotel buffets, go try Sen of Japan.  I don't recommend ANY sushi restaurant on the strip.  Those are catered to non asian customers who don't know the difference between sushi or sashimi and are content with previously  frozen fish.
5	I had given up on "Real" sushi in Vegas, but alas...way off the strip, and a $20 cab ride, lies a neighborhood spot that is really good! Nobu, Roku, and all the others in the big hotels are fun, but are not the real deal. Sen of Japan, quite simply is! Yellow tail belly was perfect, Tai served two ways was great, Shima aji, Kanpachi, Toro, all worthy of 5 stars.  The rice was slightly overcooked, but still the best in Vegas. If you like sushi the way that I do, and you are in Las Vegas, there is no other choice. I know, you're in Vegas and you need everything to be way over the top, and taking a cab to end up at some regular strip mall doesn't sound fantastic...but for me it's all about the food. I know there is a real Japanese sushi bar in every city, it just takes time and patience to uncover them! Yelp is a good resource to help find them, but the problem is many of the highly rated places are so Americanized that it can be misleading.   I don't like rolls!
4	Order the $55 dollar omakase. If you're especially hunger add the black cod with foie gras.  The cooked food I thought was generally better than the sushi.  Priced better than most of the sushi places on the strip, but it's a little bit far if you're considering taking a cab.
1	I had high expectations of this place because other yelpers said this has the freshest fish to offer. Really poor quality. Not fresh at all. You can tell because the fish is chewy and tasted bland. I had eaten at other ayce places and those fared even better. Sigh. Is it a bad night or just that people don't know what good sushi is?  Oh well one time and I'll never come back. I ordered the premium sashimi combo for the record. I also ordered foie GRAS. Also chewy. oh the best thing was the miso soup with the shrimp heads.
2	So here's the run down.  The place has good food.  Good sushi, good steaks, probably good appetizers.  But the service is not good.  1) Sushi came out really late.  2) When I spoke to the owner that was standing behind me about the sushi being late, he told me, "talk to the sushi chef, not my problem".  So that got me pretty upset, but he kept talking.  He's extremely cocky and talks down at his customers.  So here's my suggestion:If you want sushi, go to sushi-mon.  It's cheaper and just as good.If you want good Japanese food, go to Raku.  It's also cheaper, and probably better.Now, if you're looking for an upscale-esque, "cool" Japanese sushi place that serves to the "cool" white-collar businessmen, with an overpriced menu that reminds you of a dining experience on the strip, while not being on the strip, then "sen of Japan" is definitely for you.ENJOY
3	My husband and I recently moved to Las Vegas/Summerlin area from Los Angeles and are in search of a really good sushi joint, similar to our all time hands down favorite ("Sushi Nishiya" Glendale, CA) http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-nishi-ya-glendale So we tried this place, we sat at the Sushi Bar and like other yelpers service was just ok. We had asked for the freshest fish of the day and were promptly advised which ROLLS to try. Which I promptly gave our standard reply of No, Thank You. We only like Sashimi, what is your freshest fish of the day? Which again perplexes the Sushi Chef, luckily the chef working the other side of the bar jumped in and advised us to try the Halibut. Once the issue of no rolls only sashimi was worked out I was referred to an area on the menu where they had Sashimi plates (about 8 total) which fit our needs. To say the food was spectacular would be a stretch, it seemed fresh enough but the difficulty in ordering was quite annoying and for the prices the sashimi plates were lacking. All in all, ok Sushi joint but yes overrated. For about the same money we could go back to Hachi at Red Rock http://www.yelp.com/biz/hachi-las-vegas , which really had a nice spin Sashimi and that trendy vibe you sometimes are willing to pay extra for. But so far for our weekly sushi fix, we are really liking Wayne's Sushi Bar http://www.yelp.com/biz/waynes-sushi-bar-las-vegas He's funny to hang with and he has quite a few dishes that are phenomenal, and we didn't even have to order. I asked him for the freshest fish of the day and he offered to just "feed us Omakase style" which was music to our ears!!!
4	I was craving for sushi.  I'm not a local so I had to rely on Yelp and other websites to find a good place to eat but I really didn't want to go to a non-Japanese owned sushi place.  Many of you won't probably notice but for us, from Japan, we can tasted the difference, especially the sushi rice.  Still, I couldn't spend too much money knowing how much I eat, I needed to find a place that is reasonable.  Sen of Sushi's website was one of the few websites that had prices on their menu.  Their nigiri prices were about the average so I've decided to try.  It was a bit of drive from the Strip but it was easy to find.Place was smaller than I expected and I sat down in front of the head chef for the day (not the owner/chef).  They did not have two items that I was hoping to get, ankimo and sea urchin.  But they had Kumamoto Oysters which were good.  Overall, the fish was very fresh and everything was good.  The chef suggested some of their fish of the season but most of them were white fish which I really don't care for.  Many special nigiri he recommended were seasoned with ponzu.  They were not bad but I prefer more oily fatty taste so that was a bit of disappointment but that's just my personal taste preference, nothing was wrong at all.  I've ordered one large sake, miso soup and their chocolate cake dessert and the tab came about $60.  It was a bit cheaper than I expected.  I would like to try other places in Vegas, but this place was very good.  I will definitely go back.
4	After hearing and reading the much touted reviews of Sen of Japan the wife and I had to go there on our last trip to Vegas. Yes, we have heard that the head chef here was the former head chef at Nobu, yes we heard that Andre Agassi likes to eat here. But talk is cheap. We set out to find out for ourselves.Located about 6 miles away from The Strip, Sen sits a bit unassuming within a local shopping plaza.  Upon entering, we were even more surprised by the somewhat austere layout.  But that is probably why they can sell an omakase for $55 and $80.Our waiter was very attentive and asked us if it was our first omakase here.  Apparently, if you have had it before, they give you different selections - awesome!  He also gave us an introduction to each course.They were as follows:yellowtail with yuzu and jalapeno - wonderful citrus notes and soft tender yellowtail.  Jalapeno added a nice touch and was very mild in heat.kumamoto oysters with ponzu - very creamy and soft, with a delicate finishsashimi salad with yellowtail, tuna, and salmon.  Spring greens gave a nice contrast and the dressing seemed to be a sort of soy vinaigrette - a nice light tartness.  All the fish was fresh.Seafood spring roll - filled with crab and halibut, and topped with tobiko caviar.  This was deep fried and had a nice light crunch.  But the meld of the seafood made it a bit generic with the real crab inside getting a bit lost.  But still tasty.Braised black cod with seared Hudson Valley foie gras - a nice contrast of flavors, but the textures did not make a great complement.  The cod was ultra tender and foie gras was less so.  Not the best foie gras I have had, but to be fair, it was at French Laundry.Filet mignon was cooked perfectly and so very tender.Clam miso soup - the normally mundane miso soup was transformed into something extraordinary.  The clam provided a flavor profile that can only be described as a match made in heaven with the miso.  Best miso soup I have ever had.Assorted sushi - big eye tuna, scallop, fluke, young yellowtail, sweet shrimp, and snapper with a kiwi based sauce.  All the sushi was so fresh and delightful.  The kiwi based sauce was a nice touch and very unique.At this point, everything that we had was so good we decided to go over the top and add two more items.We ordered a roll that had crab, mango on the inside  topped with salmon, shrimp curry sauce, and diced red onion.  As far as rolls go, this was a wonderful change of pace to the standard mayo-creamy rolls that glut the sushi places.  Real crab melded with sweet mango combined for a very harmonious pairing and the salmon with curry sauce on top completed the entire pan-Asia tropical theme.  Then the coup de grace was the o-toro.  Most places just serve toro, but some places like Sen, distinguish between chu toro and o-toro.  They are both from the belly of the tuna (tuna's equivalent of bacon), but the o-toro lies further from the muscles and hence more fat marbled in.  It is a much lighter shade of pink.  The sushi literally melted in my mouth, I did not need to even chew.  If I had dentures, i would have gummed it and it still would have been tender.  It can only be described as heaven on earth. Dessert consisted of a almond frangipane cake with pineapple sorbet and chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream. The frangipane had a nice light almond flavor and pineapple sorbet was a soothing complement.  The chocolate souffle though was a bit doughy and resembled more of a lava cake since it lacked the delicacy of a souffle.Overall, the meal we had here represented an unbelievable value.  It would be easy to pay twice as much on The Strip and not be half as good.  The only negative point I would say is that the omakase consisted of flavor points too similar.  With yuzu, ponzu, and other similar acidic-salty tastes, there was little need for any soy sauce, but it also had the adverse affect of being a bit tiresome on the palate.  But this is just a slight technicality, all items were top notch, regardless.  Definitely a place that we will frequent on future trips.Best Thing - o-toro and clam miso soup
4	First time there, the ankimo is great which is rear in local sushi restaurant.  The uni was top quality also.  However, the soft shell crab rolled was over cooked.  I think everything from the sushi bar is good, top quality, but food cooked in the kitchen might be right okay.The sushi quality was almost as good as nobu.  However, limited sake menu.
5	This is absolutely our favorite restaurant in the valley in our book.  Not only because sushi is our favorite choice of food but the service there is the tops!  Anyone who enters or departs that restaurant all the sushi chefs are sincere in greeting you and thanking you.  The waiters also know their product very well.Anything the chefs make has this personal touch that make your taste buds dance.  Every meal is a delightful surprise of a creation that one questions what was added to it?All the sushi has always been very fresh and if you want your sushi custom made, they will do it.I believe the chefs came from Nobu but not the prices....Anyone who loves sushi should at least try this restaurant once.
5	My spouse and I celebrated her  bday in Vegas and decided to eat a special dinner off the strip.  After looking around we found Sen of Japan on Yelp.  After reading the reviews, we both decided it would be a great place to try.  Upon finding the location in a common looking strip mall, I was initially unimpressed.  We walked in and I turned to my spouse and said, "I'm glad that we didn't get dressed up".  After that everything went perfectly.  John, the server was so great.  We told him we were from San Francisco and he said " you must be foodies".  We told him that we came for the  OMAKASE SPECIAL  I knew it was pricey but it wasn't the first time, we'd drop over $60 per person at a sushi place.  Since it was a special occasion and I had planned on spending about $100 per person, the price  of $85 per person was expected.  We were given an impeccable 8 course menu.  John absolutely knew the menu well and was able to recite what we were being given without it seeming rehearsed.  The sashimi  was outstanding and so fresh.  The sauces on the sushi were creative and had a great balance of flavors as well as being beautiful to the eye.  The dishes that came from the kitchen were wonderful and though we didn't necessarily agree on which dish was our favorite, we definitely felt that the sushi chef gets an A for effort as well as an A for taste and presentation.  The wait staff was so friendly and helpful including the Sake choice.  We were not disappointed.This place doesn't have the curb appeal of the strip.  What it does have is creativity that clearly shows the love of the chefs.  The chef actually came out to ask us if all was okay and wanted to genuinely know how we felt about the dishes.  Some were a bit tart and others a bit on the sweet side, but no soy sauce was ever used nor encouraged to be use as each bite needed to be experienced as the chef intended and not masked by soy.When returning to Vegas, we'll be sure to stop by again.  Perhaps this time just to have an ordinary dinner which I'm sure will still be well above grade.
5	The Sushi is authentic and fresh. Service was excellent! We sat at the counter and enjoyed a both traditional and the owners interpretation of different sushi items.  This place is comparable to sushi in LA.
5	The food is simple very very good here. On the pricy side, but overall you get what you pay for. The waitress that served us was very knowledgable about the menu items, and she said she has built up that knowledge from the fairly long length of time she has been working at Sen of Japan.  And from the thoughtful way she is able to recommend items on the menu for us to try, to knowing what additional ingredients that are served in each item (not mentioned anywhere in the menu description), you can tell she is a top notch gourmet restaurant waitperson.But with the HH pricing Monday - Saturday from 10:30pm to 1:30am, you can order enough food to satisfy your stomach and still leave with a reasonable tab.The Fresh Salmon Carpaccio Style is absolutely a must try.  It is sliced thin and seared quickly and served with a sesame ponzu sauce garnished with fried mizuna.The Black Cod with Butter Lettuce Wrap was also very excellent.The Red Snapper Nigiri was very fresh and tasty.The Sweet Balsamic Chicken sounds interesting, but I felt the sweet soy sauce overpowered the balsamic reduction, and rendered it almost like your average teriyaki chicken.  Except the chicken was cooked perfectly, and it would have made an excellent Chicken Teriyaki at any Japanese restaurant.The Fried Shrimp with Orange Aioli was good. But the most interesting part of the dish is the Orange Aioli, which gets its heat from Sambal Oleke, and would undoubtedly make an excellent dipping sauce with perfectly fried calamaris.This restaurant is perfect for a special date or an excuse to treat yourself.  Come for the HH to explore the menu, and return to check out more items that are sure to please your palette.
5	Fan-frickin-tastic!!! Had the black cod with foie gras and pretty much just let the chef go for it after that and really happy we did! The toro was amazing!!!
5	We celebrated our anniversary at Sen of Japan. We had one $55 and  one $85 omasake dinner. All of the courses were great. We'll definitely be back. To top it all off we were seated next to Andre Agassi and Stefi Graf.
5	I used to go to Sen of Japan all the time when it first opened, but hadn't been in quite some time because it isn't very close to my house and it's only open for dinner. I've recently been twice, however, and am happy to report the food is as good as ever.Both times I had the Black Cod Soy, because going to Sen of Japan and not getting the Black Cod Soy is like going to Italy and not getting pasta. It's a buttery piece of fish with a caramelized, but not overpowering, sweet exterior. Each bite melts in your mouth it may be the best piece of fish you've ever tasted. The pickled shoot that adorns it is also fantastic and offers a complementary acidic element ($13.75, add $9 to top it with fois gras).Besides the cod, I sampled a few other old favorites, the home-made Japanese Pickles and the Mushroom Salad. The pickles are made from yamagobo (similar to a carrot), turnip, Japanese yam, cabbage, and something reminiscent of a caper berry. Each piece has a slightly different flavor and texture, but all offer a colorful, crunchy start to the meal ($8.50). The mushroom salad consists of a warm mound of gently sauteed mushrooms, including enoki and wood ear. It has a heavy dose of yuzu that makes it taste bright, and a bit tart ($7.75).The sashimi is of the caliber of Raku, but here you can have rice with your fish at the full service sushi bar. The spicy yellowtail hand roll ($4.80) is bursting with flavor and filling, but a new favorite is the Sashimi Combination Salad with Garlic Vinaigrette ($12.95). Impecably fresh slices of normally mundane varieties, including tuna and salmon, are arranged around a pile of delicate Japanese greens topped with finely shredded radish. A light dose of garlic vinaigrette and sprinkling of capers complete the masterpiece.Another surprise favorite was the fried calamari with onion (around $9). Tender strips of squid are paired with onion slices then beer battered and toped with slices of jalapeno. These taste like onion rings of the upscale variety.The sukiyki was the only thing I wouldn't order again, but that's probably because I'm partial to preparing my own sukiyaki at Swish (review to come later). Overall, however, Sen of Japan is a place you should try at least once, even if it might be a little inconvenient to get to.
3	I KNOW people are going to rave about this place. I give it props for being Japanese owned but all in all it was NOT up to par. Just because it claims authenticity does not give itself right to jumps up the boogie price for more than it's worth. The sushi wasn't amazing, nor was the hamachikama.  Tempura plate was $17 and I felt like a fool. The main problem I had with this place was that I felt like I was getting jipped all the way.
4	I will go back if I'm on the west side and want sushi.  I just happened to be on the west side of town for an appointment, and received a recommendation to try Sen.  While I only order rolls, they were good and I enjoyed each of them.  I had the #14, plus a spicy tuna roll.  I believe #14 is crab, shrip and one other item that I have forgotten since last night.  Nothing too crazy I'm sure.While the price was fairly high, I find that most good sushi isn't inexpensive.  I've had rolls at about six places in town and this is certainly in my top two.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! The owner and chef used to be a chef at the famous Nobu, so the sushi and dishes here are quite similar to the menu at Nobu but cheaper, so it's great! Inside of the restaurant is quite cozy and dim with nice, modern decor. The sushi bar is nice and has flat screen televisions in the back. The owner, waiters, waitresses, sushi chefs, everyone is extremely friendly and nice! One night I went here, my favorite teams were playing and I asked the waitress if she could switch to that channel, she said she would ask and they immediately changed the channel to my game! That was very nice of them.Every single dish that I've had here was delicious! I recommend the seafood ceviche with kiwi sauce, the garlic yellowtail, black cod soy, filet mignon citrus soy and for dessert, the almond yuzu franjipan with pineapple sorbet is to die for!!! I usually don't order dessert but this one is a must!I definitely recommend this place!!!
5	This is the best sushi place I have been to in vegas, granted I have not been to any outrageous strip places.  First off the fish here is fantastic, I was taking the advice of the 3 chefs and trying nigiri that I thought I didn't like from other times I tried it and I was blown away, "no no no, you will like it, it's not fishy like you had before it's very fresh, just came in today".  Everything I ate was on the suggestions of the chefs, except one spicy tuna roll (great) I ate as filler, it was all superb.  Second off the rice was perfect, it has that perfect balance of sticking together just enough until you bite it, when it bursts apart in your mouth.  The seasoning was spot on for me, just sweet enough so you can taste it but not overwhelming.  Third off, THE SERVICE WAS HANDS DOWN THE BEST SERVICE I HAVE HAD IN A SUSHI RESTAURANT.  I always hear about this fantasy world where you have a local sushi bar where you have a relationship with the chef, he gives you the best stuff they have, you trust him to serve you, and you like it.  In reality every time in the past when I have asked what is fresh today I get back, "It's all fresh", bull crap!  Well folks I found it, literally everyone i saw at the bar knew the chefs and the chefs knew them.  A regular group came in for a birthday and sat at the bar and said, "wow" me and take your time.  Even by the time I left all the chefs knew my name and visa versa.  This place is legit,  I was handed mackerel nigiri that was sauced and had some garnish and he told me "no soy sauce".  I mean thats fuking awesome, I am not mad because I don't like being told what or how to eat.  You go to a good sushi bar to have a chef prepare you food, not just for food (make sense?).  In other terms, don't fuk around, he knows more than you do so do what he says, you will thank HIM for it.Go to this place for fish not rolls.  If you order cal roll and shrimp temp roll and some other roll crap with cream cheese covered in eel and ponzu sauce and dunk it in a bowl of wasabi with a splash of soy sauce this place isn't going to stand out in my opinion.  For that type of thing selection is key as long the fish is pretty good.  The prices here are a little steep to be eating fried cream cheese monstrosities.  Nigiri 5-7Basic rolls 6-8Special rolls 12-14
5	I've found my favorite sushi in the valley, and its at Sen of Japan.Great sushi is defined by two things: quality, and execution.  A very nice piece of fish can be ruined by the heavy handed chef.  Certainly if the quality of the fish is poor, it will show in both texture and flavor.  At Sen of Japan I found superb quality and masterful execution. This place has achieved a fusion in dining experience between high-end japanese cuisine, and friendly neighborhood comfort.  The chefs are happy to be there, and focused on their work.  They were also very friendly, and welcoming.  If you are new to sushi, this is a MUST for you, as the quality is excellent and the staff is happy to help you through a new and exciting dining experience.Let's get to the main reason why Sen of Japan is so good, the food.My meal:Black Snapper Nigiri:  This was the greatest tasting sushi I have ever had.  It was perfectly sliced, topped with the most thinly sliced onions, two tiny capers, and a light soy sauce.  The flavors slowly evolved at every cherished chomp I took.  I couldn't believe how good this was.  Naturally I had seconds.Kanpachi Nigiri:  Again, wonderful, buttery smooth fish topped the perfect patty of rice.  I must say, I was still in awe of the Black snapper that I didn't appreciate this as much as it deserved, but it was succulent and wonderful.Uni:I'll admit it, I had always been curious about uni but never really tried it.  It has alway seemed visually unappealing, but I try to be open to new things.  I spoke with the chef, who told me he personally didn't like uni, but many do.  Instead of the full 2 piece order, he gave me one piece to try.  I have very mixed feelings about my uni experience.  While it was in my mouth, I disliked very much the creamy and smooth texture.  For a lot of people this is a great thing.  What I loved was that after I finished the piece, I tasted a fresh ocean.  I could describe the flavors as if you were tasting a salty ocean mist on a picturesque day at the beach.  I loved the flavor and found myself concentrating on it more than the unpleasant texture that preceded it.Sea Eel Maki:Perfectly rolled, light and delicious.  Sea eel has a slightly different taste than fresh water eel, again, I think it tastes more of the ocean.  Really great roll, but yes, I was still thinking about the black snapper.I will definitely be returning, probably to try the Omaske menu.  The cooked items looked delicious as a super cute waitress brought them out to guests.  While Sen of Japan isn't  the cheapest meal in the valley, it is a bargain for the unrivaled quality and execution of the cuisine.
5	I LOVE SEN OF JAPAN!!My husband and I moved here about a week ago. Thanks to all the great reviews here on Yelp, we decided to have our first Vegas dinner here. Talk about a great welcome to the neighborhood dinner! This place blew me away, it's definitely the best sushi restaurant in Vegas!Customer service = awesome!As soon as we walked in, all the employees that were working greeted us. John was our server, and he was great! Very friendly, suggested good dishes from their menu, answered our questions, made small talk, and even explained some of the ingredients on our plates when our food was served to us. The second time we ate here, we sat at the sushi bar, and the four sushi chefs that were working were very nice. They kept asking us how the food tasted and if we wanted to order anything else. Bunch of guys who really seemed to enjoy their jobs. Food = delicious!I have only been here twice, but everything has tasted really good so far. John did point out that unlike a lot of other restaurants, they actually use real crab in their sushi rolls! Sweet! My favorite is the #9 on the specialty sushi roll page of their menu, which is real crab, mango, cucumber, and some kind of special sauce on top. So fresh and yummy!! The black cod soy was excellent as well. It was cooked perfectly and kind of just melts in your mouth, I wish there was a bigger portion! For dessert, I have tried the Mochi Ice Cream, which is from Bubbies in Hawaii. I was born and raised in Hawaii, so I totally support that! I also tried the Chocolate Souffle with Green Tea Ice Cream. It takes them about 20 minutes to make it, but Mmmm, gotta love a warm chocolate cake with ice cream! The only drawback is that it is expensive, but worth every penny! Open late and close to home....hmmm this could be dangerous, but I will definitely be back many times!  They seem to have many regular customers and know them by name.Check it out if you haven't already!
4	Delicious!!!Originally we were supposed to go to Raku, but didn't want to wait until our 9pm reservation to eat so we came here.  Their black cod dish is by far the star dish of this restaurant.   It's amazingly good.  I like this place because you can order an array of dishes so that you can try each one without getting filled up.  Black Cod- A must!!!Garlic Yellowtail with Yuzu- Yum!Sashimi Salad (the one not listed on the menu-ask the server)- good! Mochi ice cream- Mango is the bestTofu Eggplant Agedashi- goodSashimi-  tuna, albacore and yellowtail here is really good.  The salmon is just ehSeafood Ceviche with Kiwi- Just okay but worth a tryCurry Sushi- InterestingFilet Mignon Citrus Soy- OkAlmond Yuzu Franjipan- GoodI would definitely like to come back to try more dishes.  I left happy!  Oh, and apparently Andre agassi is a regular here and was there at the time I ate. Fun!
5	Black cod lettuce wraps, calamari with Jalepano, garlic yellowtail sashimi, and Bubbies green tea and lychee mochi.  We stumbled on this place after Yelping, and it doesn't disappoint. The staff is great, and sit at the sushi bar for the best service, and great suggestions!
5	After much debate, and lots of help from great Las Vegas Yelpers, we decided to dine at Sen of Japan last night.  This was my second visit, so I thought it was best to dine with the Omakase menu.John was our waiter, ask for him when you go.  He is knowledgable and just a genuinely nice person.  The national championship game was on the tv behind the bar, so I had everything I needed for a great meal.We opted for the $85 Omakase, which was 7 courses:Kanpachi sashimi with Oysters - Like Butta!  Smooth and succulent, the kanpachi was served with a dash of ponzu, fried garlic chip, and micro greens.  The oyster was served with a garlic slaw of sorts.  The oyster was flavorful and light, and a great way to start the meal.Sashimi Salad w/ spinach and micro greens - Tender and delicious cuts of salmon, tuna, and red snapper nestled around a bed of spinach and micro greens with a light vinaigrette.   This dish was fine, but forgettable.  The sashimi was cut very small, which affected the presentation a little bit, but the flavors and quality still shined through.Fried Fish Eggroll - This wasn't an egg roll at all, but I am lost for words to name it.  This was various fish, not sure what wrapped in a shiso leaf and fried topped with tobiko.  A little dry and my least favorite bite of the night, but it was very creative.Baked Black Cod in a soy sauce topped with foie gras and a shiso pepper - Best dish all night.  The cod was perfectly cooked to retain some moisture and finished in a light soy sauce.  The foie on top made the fish even more decedant.  The chef nailed this one, it was an evolution of flavors with each bite, and I wanted more.Filet in mustard ginger sauce - Cooked closer to medium than medium rare, this dish was executed well.  Nice amounts of salt and the right amount of mustard, let the beef shine through instead of other flavors.  Various nigiri - Tuna, Salmon, Kanpachi, Ebi, Snapper.  All delicious and perfect.  I didn't even use soy sauce with these, it just felt wrong since the fish was of such high integrity.Dessert - Chocolate souflee with homemade green tea ice cream - Great soufle, the chocolate oozed out as my fork pierced the fluffy cake.  The green tea ice cream was made with matcha and complimented the bitterweet chocolate in the soufle wonderfully.  I was so full at this point two bites was all I could handle.Sen of Japan is close to being perfect.  It provides great individualized service, superior quality product, and creative execution.
5	Easily one of the best meals that I've had in Las Vegas.I have dined at Nobu, Michael Mina, Wing Lei, and several other restaurants featuring "celebrity chefs". The food here was on par with anything that I've had at those places, at a fraction of the price, and with *none* of the attitude.My friend and I each ordered the "Omakase" (Chef's choice tasting menu). At first I found the portions to be a bit small, but by the end of the meal, I was thankful for that I didn't get too much too soon. There was *plenty* of food.The sushi and sashimi were fresh and wonderful, and with delicate sauces for accompaniment. As others have mentioned, the Black Cod in miso glaze with seared foie gras was one of the best things that I've ever put in my mouth. The big surprise for me was the filet Mignon. To be honest; I haven't had red meat in over twenty years, so maybe I'm not the best judge of this - but the steak was SO flavorful. the texture was perfect, and the gentle citrus/mustard glaze seemed to hit every taste bud in my mouth all at the same time. It was almost overwhelmingly delicious. I would bring my Meat-and-Potatoes father from Nebraska here just for the steak.The service was wonderful; with a friendly wait staff that seemed to love answering questions about the food. They were present when you needed them, and gone when you didn't . Just as it should be.This is not a fancy place. It feels like almost any other strip-mall sushi joint. Jeans and T-shirts would not be out of place.But the food...!I'll just say that my date expressed his joy quite passionately later in the evening. I'm not saying that going to Sen of Japan is a guarantee that you'll get some...but I wouldn't rule it out.
5	It's rare to get me to admit liking a restaurant.  I hold food at a high regard, up until now I could say I have not had a decent meal in this town in the past 2.5 years that I have lived here.  Up until visiting this great place.  The chef is not afraid to try new sauces and go for something bold.  You have to try it to understand, don't tell the chef what you want, let him surprise you.   You wont regret it!30% of my scoring is service, NO RESTAURANTS in Las Vegas has had acceptable service and I have tried many of them.  They always interrupt your conversations or treat you like the food they throw out after they close.  Treating your clients like they are a pain in the ass is not what I call good service.  This place has SF level service and is very attentive.
4	This review is going to be a combination of two separate visits to Sen of Japan over the past 6 months.My first Sen experience was beyond godly and I was treated to the freshest sushi with an interesting mix of flavors that made my mouth, stomach, eyes, and unmentionables extremely happy. At one point I think I even hid my excitement with a napkin to avoid creepy stares. Whoever thought to experiment with kiwi, mango, and other exotic fruits along with sushi should be given a Nobel Peace Prize(yes, it's that important)Sadly, my second visit wasn't as good even though the food was just as delicious. We ended up going for the late night happy hour and when we arrived we were the only people there. We tried a shrimp tempura and orange appetizer along with the delicious black cod lettuce wraps which were off the charts tasty. The only problem with our dining experience was the fact that one of my rolls basically took 30+ minutes and I was given no explanation and our waitress didn't even offer any compensation for a 30 minute wait. I really wanted to give my first experience 5+ stars and my 2nd experience 3 stars so I guess 4 is where I'm at.
4	I'm eager to go back and try more dishes!I ordered an array of contemporary sushi pieces. I told the sushi chef what fish I was in the mood for (akami tuna, hirame, fluke, hamachi) and he created some spectacular duos (see pictures) - the fish was definitely fresh, although some of his creations were better than others, and some were overpowered by his use of greens, resulting in lack of flavor; Which is why I only give them 4 stars. The Black Cod soy was phenomenal, but I recommend you share it with someone as the tastes can be a little too much after a few bites.They have an excellent Sake menu as well. Service was sub par as far as politeness. One of the servers actually shouted across the restaurant while we were dining, so I'm not immediately jumping in my car to try this place again- maybe in a few months.
5	This is the best place in las vegas to get sushi! Better then any sushi place on the strip as well. Must sit at bar for the best service
5	I took my wife, boss, several co-workers and a client to Sen of Japan and everyone came away very happy!I have absolutely no idea what we got other than some seared Toro that was oustanding! I simply told the waiter to leave it up to the chef and to prepare whatever he thought we'd like and I couldn't have been happier! He kept bringing plate after plate of amazing sushi & sashimi that we couldn't get enough of.They kept the beer & sake flowing too which is always a good thing! 5 stars for a great experience!
4	I often hit up the nearby coffeehouse across the parking lot and thought, "well, they usually have a lot of cars parked in front of the Japanese restaurant, I wonder if they're any good..."YES THEY ARE.  Delicious, in fact.I worked for about a year at a four-star Pan-Asian Restaurant so I have a decent bar of what's good, bad, and amazing sushi.  And this place is pretty darn good!  The sushi is super fresh, the chef's personality is hilarious, but my favorite part?  The appetizers!  I know I'm a parrot to a few other posts, but the Lettuce Wraps were out of this world!  The texture and taste with each bite, Mmm!  The reverse Happy Hour is definitely a huge draw.  My roommate and I went out a few nights ago and each ordered four Nigiri rolls, two sushi rolls, tw appetizers, sake for two, and the entire bill came out to forty bucks!  Quality and price, and open until 2AM?  I'm sold!I can't wait to try their Omakase!
4	Great place.  Great food.  #1 roll was good.  Edamame was good.  The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars was because me and a girlfriend showed up at 1am.  We saw some friends there too and sat with them.  They had already finished eating.  As soon as the server came up he said last call (at 1am and they dont close til 2).  We felt very rushed.  Then when they brought the check everyones was all on the same bill.  We asked if they could separate the bill and the server said he didnt know how.  No biggie. Like I said, overall it was a great place.  I was stoked they were open til 2am because there is nothing like eating sushi after some fun and drinking.   Will def being going there again.
3	I was craving sushi last night and went to this place after searching for a good place on Yelp through my phone.The fish was fresh. It was a tuesday that I was there. I mainly ate sashimi, no custom rolls or appetizers. The Spanish Mackeral, Japanese Snapper and the Salmon stood out to me.Being there for the first time, I wanted some recomendations. I sat at the sushi bar, to the left. The main chef that everyone talks about is at the center of the bar and I would recommend sitting in his vacinity. He'll help you build dishes on what he recommends, and that's what I really wanted.Instead, I had to order through one of his side assistants and i felt like a neglected stepchild (watching all the edible gifts that the people ordering from the chef were getting was making me jealous). Instead, I was thumbing through the menu and guessing what might be really good here, and then waiting for the assistant to finish his megarolls before being able to tell him what I wanted. I believe the main chef noticed my fustrations at times and tried to intervene as much as he could. I want to give 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding down to 3 this time on the Yelp scale.
5	The best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.  By far my favorite sushi restaurant.  Try shima aji two ways.
5	This is THE best sushi i have EVER had!  I'm sure there are a lot of really good sushi places, maybe even better than this place, but I've never had any.  This place is off the strip, a little bit of a drive, but ABSOLUTELY worth it!!!You have to try it yourself, so I will leave it to you to decide.  But ask for the sushi roll that isn't on the menu.  It defies all human understanding! LOL!
5	I have been reluctant to try a sushi restaurant since moving from San Diego.  Alas, after almost a year in town, and after countless inquiries from locals as to where to go, this is the place I tried.  I have to say, the restaurant's atmosphere itself is a little disappointing.  Definitely not much ambiance.  The food and service, however, definitely made up for it!  The fish was really yummy, but for me, the star of the night was the filet mignon!  Overall, a very nice time . . . I will definitely be back.  Oh, and I saw that some other yelpers had some Andre Agassi sightings here ... as did I.  Must be a favorite spot of his or something.
4	Came here for my bday dinner and was very pleased.  We had a lot of sushi and it was extremely fresh.  Also dabbled in soy black cod, which was very tender and flaky. The albacore in ponzu was also fantastic.  We could have done without the beef sukiyaki and beef skewers.  This restaurant is about a 10 min. drive from the strip, but it's definitely worth the trip.
5	This might be the first review in Yelp history where the reviewer (me) gives it 5 stars but is absolutely sure the people next to him would give it 1 star if they reviewed it.About 10 minutes after I came in a nice, young sat down at the bar next to me.  I don't think they expected the prices to be as high as they are at Sen so they proceeded to order almost nothing and wasted the chef's time with all sorts of requests for extra sauce here and this and that.  I couldn't keep it straight.  The chef responded by being totally rude to them.  Stuff like "I thought you were gonna order more" and answering questions with one word and walking away shaking his head.  They eventually made up a reason to return one of the rolls (The crab in the california roll wasn't cold.  It was room temperature?  Where are we?  The Safeway sushi aisle?)In any case, on to the food.  Really excellent quality meal.  I loved every moment of it.  Let's get to it.Cod lettuce wrap - one of the best things I've had.  Cod was super tender and flavorful which contrasted nicely with the crisp lettuce.  Super flavorful and delicious.Japanese pork - don't think this was pork belly even though it was as tender as belly.  Believe it's a braised piece of the shoulder.  In any case, all the parts of the pork were super tender and melted in your mouth.  Served with a wonderful sauce.  It was pricey but I could eat like 10 of those.Snapper nigiri - very nice.Japanese lasagna - I probably should have skipped this as it's more of an American type roll.  It was good....but compared to the really clean flavors of the other dishes it tasted too unbalanced and rich.  Forgot what was on it since the cream cheese overwhelmed the roll.  They kind of warned me against it in a very subtle way but I must have missed it.Salmon carpaccio - raw pieces of delicious salmon topped with a heated sauce that slightly cooks the salmon.  The salmon flavor was wonderful and it had enough fattiness to make the dish really come alive.  Highly recommended.Thing about this place I love is the fatty dishes have enough acid in the sauce or preparation to cut through the rich taste so it evolves into something even better.  The pork was fairly fatty but the sauce was so perfect with it that you didn't feel gross eating the pork.  Love this place and their "reverse happy hour" and will definitely return.Grouchy Chef - cheer up dude.  Seriously, the guy is hilarious but God knows how many customers this guy is costing them with his behavior.
4	This place is off the strip which makes it more appealing to me. I know there are a lot of high end sushi places in the hotels but this place is awesome. Their menu is great starting with innovative rolls & lots of fresh sashimi choices. They even have Kobe beef sukiyaki style with foie gras, Kobe beef Salisbury steak for $17.50, that's a good price for Kobe beef. Tempura choices: scallop, squid, shrimp, white fishSpider roll w spicy tuna on top etc etc..
5	Excellent food.  The Omakase Special are the best in taste and quality
5	Love love this place. Delicious food and great service. Everything was fresh and high quality. We had the Omakase and lots off the menu items suggested/ordered by our waiter such as fatty tuna aka otoro straight from Japan, yellowtail, snapper, etc. It is off the strip but totally worth the drive if you're a sushi lover.
5	The Omakase here is out of this world and well worth the drive away from the strip. They have a $55 and $85 version. Very similar except the $85 one has higher priced fish and slightly different sauces. Definitely worth the splurge. Also, if you visit again, tell them it's your second, third,  etc time, and Chef will create something different each time. After the 5th time, he will really get creative. No wonder they have many celebrity regulars! A definite must when in Vegas.
1	I really don't like giving out 1-star reviews, but I have to be honest. I did not enjoy my SoJ experience. In fact, I was frustrated. The sushi itself was pretty good. We went during happy hour (currently 10:30pm-1:30am Mon-Sat), so the prices were great. Unfortunately, to put it lightly, the service was lacking. I'm too frustrated to bother with details. I hesitated even writing this review in the first place. The bottom line for me is that there are plenty of sushi places in Vegas with good to great sushi and good to great service. I don't need to return. Luckily for SoJ, they have enough of a following (100+ reviews) that my lowly 1-star won't affect their stellar average at all.
4	Let me preface by saying that I am completely obsessed with finding the freshest fish and truly appreciate quality.  I had the $55 omakase and was pleased.  Some courses were absolutely outstanding and others were just OK.  I told the sushi chef to serve me the good stuff but I am not sure if that comment mattered since nearly all of the meal came from the kitchen.  The least disappointing course was the sushi!  Tuna was the biggest disappointment in that there was no flavor.  It's a good deal but it just doesnt compare to the top restaurants in LA.
1	This place was a total disappointment. The skewers were smothered in an awful sauce, which overwhelmed them. We tried the steak, chicken and scallops-all the same icky sauce. The sushi rice was mushy. The baked mussels were so over cooked that I literally gagged! Please, avoid this place! There are many great sushi places in Vegas!!! It only has one star because it won't allow none!!!
1	URK!  Old mussels and overcooked as well.  This place is so highly rated (LV Weekly) and so bad!  The grilled beef, chicken, and scallops, were all covered in a nasty, too sweet red sauce.  The sushi rice was soggy, and the filings were bland.  Compared to great Asian restaurants such as Lotus of Siam and Nittaya's Secret Kitchen this place doesn't deserve a star.  Local sushi joints such as Sushi Twister and I Love Sushi in Henderson are vastly superior in food quality and much cheaper in cost.  Don't believe the hype!
5	Absolute favorite place to go for Japanese/sushi.  Highest quality food, breath-taking presentation.  The staff is very knowledgeable about sake and is very happy to help you make the perfect selection.  The place is just bomb.  I'll be the one dancing in the corner to the softly playing techno music with hamachi hanging out my mouth.
5	Outstanding food and service.  We came in with a crew of 6 and pretty much put ourselves in the hands of the server.  We were glad we did.  He brought out plate after plate of fresh, creatively designed dishes.  We spent a boatload of money for a boatload of raw fish and sake and left very happy and slightly buzzed.A real gem.
5	I'm confused, how does this restaurant not have a solid 5 star rating.  Hands down the best sushi I have eaten.  I'm from NY and have eaten in many high end sushi bars in NYC.  This place is far superior to any other sushi bar in the country.  If you haven't tried it, you must!  Prices are high but worth every penny.
5	BEST sushi i've had in a long time!!! everything was so fresh and tasty! we got the black cod lettuce wraps, lisa lisa roll, and other random pieces. the service is just as good as the food! the prices are really good as well. usually you find a good sushi place and the prices are ridiculous! but this is just right... you defiantly should hit it up!!!
5	Love, love, love......the bar chef was awesome I listen to his suggestions and order it, it was a very nice surprise every cent was so worth it!
3	I read the reviews for this restaurant and decided to ask the sushi chef for suggestions. He didn't give anything other than plain sushi - no great eyes-popping-out-of-my-head surprises. My husband ordered a chicken dish and it was half mushrooms (we thought it would only have just a few mushrooms), so he left quite hungry. Disappointing.
4	We haven't been here in awhile so we decided to go last Sunday to see if it was as good as we remembered.  It was pretty busy, and busier than their norm, so the service was lacking, but the sushi was amazing!  Definitely on par with the sushi restaurants on the strip.  I heard before that the owner was the head sushi chef at nobu and it definitely shows.  A lot of the menu items are almost identical to nobu's menu.  But I didn't mind that at all since nobu is my fav!  However, soj goes further outside of the box with their menu.  For sushi lovers I would definitely recommend the shin's special plate.  It was amazing! Delicate, beautiful, fresh pieces of assorted sushi each topped with a special sauce.  I would also recommend the yellowtail and salmon in spicy ponzu sauce.It was beautiful and delicious as well.  We also had the Hawaiian style edamame, too salty for me, uni, not the best I've had, but not the worst!  Spicy tuna handrolls, amazing. Oysters with salsa, amazing. Tempura, really good. And chocolate cake with green tea icecream for dessert, identical to the bento box dessert at nobu! Overall a great meal, will go back again soon.
4	One of the best sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. It's off the strip and I didn't even mind the cab ride. High quality fish and excellent service. Get the $85 Omakase and you'll not be disappointed. They also have a $55 Omakase with lower quality dishes. If you don't mind going off the strip for great food, here's a list of restaurants to consider: http://bit.ly/mQq41b
3	I don't get it.Sen has 4 1/2 stars with over 100 reviews.  It's Michelin rated.  What it doesn't have is food to match.  Our party of five was eager to try what was purportedly one of the best sushi restaurants in town.  We drove all the way from Hendo - in rush hour traffic - just to eat here.  On the way, we decided that we should do the omakase and let the chef put his best foot forward.  Here's what was served:1.  Yellowtail with peppers and garlic chip - the presentation was wonderful, but the flavors were overpowering.  The ponzu was too strong for such a subtle fish.  The addition of garlic and a spicy habanero (or jalapeno?) just kills any chance you can taste the fish, let alone feel the texture of it while your mouth burns.  2.  Mizuna salad with salmon, tuna and albacore - This would have been a nice dish, had it come before the spice of the yellowtail.  In fact, this is how good, fresh fish should be served: with very little detraction.  As an individual dish, however, I'd rather just have thick cuts of sashimi instead of thin cuts of fish with a salad on the side.  3.  Soy Miso Block Cod - really good execution of one of my favorites.  Only downside was that I didn't have a bowl of rice to go with it.  By itself, it was supremely tasty and buttery.4.  Fliet Mignon tataki - this was good and tender, but lost in sauce.  Fliet has zero flavor profile, so covering it with any sauce really just makes the meat a sauce delivery vehicle.  Chalk it up to personal preference. Also a personal preference: I would really have liked it to be medium RARE rather than medium well.  5.  Miso soup with clams - delicious.  This was the highlight of the meal.  The combination of clams and miso just hit the rights notes or flavor and smell.  Really good stuff.  I could have just had a couple bowls of this with miso cod and called it a night.6.  Nigiri - The fish looked and tasted fresh, but the texture of the salmon was slightly mushy.  The rice was really good, with just the right about of koshi that makes me happy.  +1 for the rice.7.  Chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream - I love green tea ice cream and this didn't disappoint.  The souffle, however, was another matter.  It was hard and nowhere near as fluffy or light as it should be.  IMHO, if you offer it on your menu, you need to execute it well or don't bother.Being hungry after all that, we ordered two additional rolls:8.  #24 (Shrimp tempura with tuna on top with pineapple wasabi) - This is one of my least favorite rolls...ever.  The sushi itself probably was good, but the sauce killed any chance me wanting to take another bite.  It was too sweet and too much of it all over the roll.  9.  #25 California roll with soft shell crab - this one at once pretty good and also fairly standard.  I'd probably choose this if I didn't know what else to try.I liked this place, but it's a tough sell at 4 stars.  Out of 9 items, only 2 stood out as things I would make it a point to order again.  I've read the reviews.  I've heard the raves.  I finally tried Sen.  I just don't get what the fuss is all about.
4	Very simple, very authentic, very fresh.  Some of the best Japanese food off the strip but with prices that make you feel you're there.Nigiri sushi is very good.  The rice is well seasoned.  The fish is very fresh.  If they have it, the O-Toro is worth it.  it's the real deal.All the tempura is all perfectly cooked but are the least authentic of their offerings.  That said, the sea urchin is excellent.Sumibi-yaki dishes are simple and very tasty.  Standouts from the dinner menu include the yellowtail and salmon with spicy garlic ponzu, the kobe carpaccio, grilled fish collar, the black cod with foie gras, and the fresh deep fried soft shell crab.  All are very creative.  They are all well seasoned and perfect with a cold beer or well chilled sake.Never had the chance to try the omakase yet but based on the creativity of the chef, I'd guess its excellent.Service is good.Prices are on the high side but well worth it to avoid the Strip.
5	Gourmet sushi purrrrfected!
5	Sen of Japan has incredible sushi.We found this restaurant through Zagat and it was incredible. We sat at the sushi bar and had the chef's special which was basically us asking the chef to prepare what he felt like preparing. He was incredible. The fish was so fresh and he used such interesting flavors. I have to tell you, the monk fish liver was the best I have ever had. The chef was friendly, the service was great and they have a wonderful wine selection.It was so nice to get off the strip and have great food in a casual setting. For a typical Vegas tourist weekend, Sen of Japan was a great escape. I will definitely go back.
4	Sen is some of the best sushi I've had in Las Vegas. I highly recommend the spicy edamame too!
4	Had this bookmarked for ages, finally decided to stop by for a quick dinner fix. Located in another one of those strip mall restaurants that you see like on every other corner block.At the Bar:Fresh Water Eel with Creamy Scallop (#5): 8 pieces, topped with eel sauce.. Eel with scallop, I can't think of a much better combination, so I went with it.. It was good but lacking something?.. something that would give it that edge for praise..Black Cod Soy: filet of fish, served with a pepper on top, nice presentation and every slice just flaked off. Had a sweet, mild wine flavor.. Not as common as the usual usual salmon/tuna.. I'm used to but it satisfied. Halibut with Truffle Sashimi: This was suggested by the chef behind the bar counter. When he mentioned Halibut, I was sold, then he mentioned truffle and truffle oil.. I started salivating.. 2 super thin slices of halbiut, a couple truffle nuggets on top and a drizzle truffle oil.. 6 Stars, easy!!Atmosphere was live (at least at the bar) and the japanese sophisticated clean decor paired with their menu offerings nicely. Service was Awesome and Prices were reasonable. Keeping in mind all the other Japanese restaurants out there for comparison, that are laying down some serious food, I feel this place is just short of a 5 star review from this dining experience alone..
4	Service is 10 times better now .. Been back a few times.
3	I didnt have the best first time experience here at Sen of Japan, but I their sushi is not bad. Unfortunately, the service sucks and the chairs are uncomfortable. COOL- they have Happy Hour from 10:30pm-1:30am! BUT sucks that the menu items pertaining to food and drinks are limited and I would hardly count the HH as a great deal just because there is not a whole lot to choose from. Then it makes it worse that the service was bad and by the time I left my back and butt hurt from how uncomfortable to chairs were. I might order to go next time.
5	Just to make things clear, I still love Sen of Japan and it will always be my favorite restaurant here in Vegas. The reason for this update is that sadly, I do have to agree with some of the yelpers who have said that customer service was bad here.  My husband and I usually sit at the bar, but sometimes we come in when it is pretty crowded and have no choice but to sit at a table. This was the case during our last visit. No big deal, we are regulars here, so we understand that on some days, if we don't come in around the time that they open, there will be no open seats at the bar.  The problem was that customer service was not great like it usually is for us. I think our waitress was new because I have never seen her before, and most of the staff already knows who we are. She was not very attentive. She took a while to refill our drinks and because she did not check up on us, we had to wait a long time to put in our second round of orders for sushi. Thank god the waiter who knew us stopped by our table to help us! We also noticed that if you order sushi, they service the customers who sit at the bar first, which also explains why we experienced a longer wait time. There was also a family sitting in back of us who was complaining about not getting their food. We wanted to order dessert, but decided not to because we didn't want to spend another 30 minutes (or who knows how long) in the restaurant. So the bottom line is this: if you want good service, sit at the bar! Get there early or right when they open at 5pm. All the sushi chefs are great, but I think my boy Sonny is the best!!
3	Nice omakase dinner off the Strip. The service is great and fish is good. I was a little disappointed in the lack of variety of fish we got and for $80, it was not particularly good value. I think I might go a la carte if I went back there, but not being a local, I'm not it's worth the drive time from the Strip.
5	Tell your server that you're new and would like for them to choose a few dishes for you. Everything on the menu is wonderful, so they won't steer you wrong. The dishes are AUTHENTIC japanese cuisine, made by japanese sushi-dons that have been training for decades. The flavor pairings are unique and distinctly different from any other sushi joint I've been to.Best sushi I've had in my life--and trust me, I've probably tried over a hundred restaurants all over the world and for the money, this tops them all. I'm sure there are a few hoity-toity places with slightly better atmosphere, but those super high end dishes are triple the price.For the quality of food, this place is priced reasonably well.The sushi is incredible. You MUST try this place!
5	I am from Vegas originally so I know the ins and outs of places here pretty good. Sen of Japan is as good of a sushi place as they come (and let's be real, we live in a desert). Always fresh, always great service and the variety of different flavors is incredible. You know how you go to sushi places and they put the same sauce on every roll? Not here. Mango, strawberry, pineapple sauces...on sushi! It's crazy...but it works! Kind of a weird location in a strip mall but hey, they gotta hide from the tourists somehow! I love Sen of Japan and try to make it in here for every birthday and special or even non-special occasion!
5	Hands down the best sushi place in Vegas. Don't be scared away by the fact that it is in a strip mall and way far off the strip. It is up there in quality and creativity with the best of them, but with much more reasonable prices.
5	This is a local hangout for the best neo-JAPANESE $ can buy!  Try and order the Omakasa!  It's something like a 7 course meal literally called "chef's choice".  The food is AMAZING!  The staff is friendly and attentive.  Even if fish is not your thing, go and try their steaks. Finally, don't forget to order their choc soufflet with homemade green tea icecream.  YK
4	Excellent quality, very fresh fish, but the prices to match.Tried the off-menu king crab roll and that was not so good, but everything else was great.
4	I have a rule of thumb when it comes to passing final judgement on an Indian restaurant: the quality of food should be based on their a la carte dinner entrees rather than their buffet since the drop-off between the two can often be quite steep.  I believe there is a Japanese restaurant corollary in that one should judge the quality of food based on their omakase (tasting menu designated by the chef) rather than their a la carte menu items.  Of course, there is usually a hike in price in both cases but sometimes you pay for what you get, and what you get here for omakase is definitely money well spent.One would never guess that tucked away in SW suburbia lies a restaurant opened by Hiro Nakano, the former head chef of Nobu (Hard Rock Casino) and was listed in the 2009 Michelin guide.  I met up with some work colleagues and since my boss was treating the group, we decided to indulge in the $55 omakase experience (an $85 option was available, but one should not test the limits of generosity when being treated to a complimentary meal by your superior).  Probably the most interesting question I have ever encountered when deciding on the omakase was being prompted by the server as to how many times I have had the omakase specifically at their restaurant.  Apparently the chef likes to vary the dishes so as to create a different experience for the diner much like a video game character advancing to higher levels of play!  Apparently the variations can go up to "level 5" and possibly beyond so I found this to be a ingenious incentive to return for repeat tasting adventures.  A couple members of our party were second-timers so it was cool to get a preview as to what I would be expecting after my first omakase here.  I'm sure the chef would be more than willing to mix and match specific items since the theme to this idea is thoughtfulness towards the customer.Items I could recollect along with occasional sidenotes with regard to the level 2 menu.1) Hawaiian yellowtail marinated with yuzu soy:  unctuous and refreshing with bright notes of citrus from the yuzu, very nice start to the meal (level 2 was japanese red snapper)2) Sashimi salad- delicate slices of assorted fish mixed with shredded daikon and greens in a subtle onion vinaigrette--very clean flavors3) Miso Black cod with grilled shishito pepper- perfectly cooked and well seasoned, the fish pretty much melts in your mouth and goes well with a nice salty crunch from the pepper (I think in the $85 omakase, this dish is accompanied with grilled fois gras....talk about umami overload!)4)  Sliced filet mignon served with grilled asparagus-  found this one to be slightly underwhelming since while being cooked medium rare, was a bit under-seasoned and would have liked some asian flavors to be incorporated (the second-timers received a similar cut but was topped with a spicy chili sauce so I'm thinking that version was tastier)5) Miso soup with wakame (firm seaweed) and mini button mushrooms-  the cute little mushrooms are not only tasty but also provide an artistic glow to the otherwise cloudy earth-tone broth. 6) Nigiri assortment- fairly standard with a couple tuna sushi rolls, one regular shrimp and mackerel nigiri, and pairs of salmon and tuna nigiri....nothing mind-blowing, but helps to fill you up with the added load of rice.7) Chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream-  nice way to round out the meal.  Souffle could have been more fluffy, but definitely a unexpectedly pleasant flavor combination with the green tea ice cream...I got a chance to taste the almond frangipane cake with pineapple sorbet in the second timers dessert course and that was equally exquisite.I'm thinking I may have omitted one more sashimi course, but as one can see, this is quite a spread for $55 and I definitely did not go home hungry.  Folks residing in this part of town should definitely take advantage of having such a fine dining option nearby and for those trekking from across town, definitely a nice introduction to omakase at a reasonable price with opportunities to "level-up" with subsequent visits.  Be sure to also take advantage of their excellent sake selection.
5	Best of Vegas!
4	Great little place! The Manderin Shrimp is my favorite, I can eat 2 orders. The rolls have been quite pleasing as well. There are some very interesting ones to choose from. Fun to go in and try new things!!
5	Garlic yellowtaleTuna with sake wasabi sauceMiso black codAlmond Cake (order ahead)Hoyo kura no hana saki
5	Whenever I find a restauarant that I realllly like Im always torn.. do I yelp about it and share the love, or do I keep it myself so the place doesn't explode with popularity and I now have to wait. I've decided to share my little vegas sushi secret with you all.. YOU ARE WELCOME! Okay this place is BOMB! LIke not "for vegas sushi" bomb, but even "compared to places in LA" bomb. Honestly we were skeptical at first because I was like oh great are there any legit people that are actually reviewing or is it all white folks that think california rolls are sushi. We actually ended up sitting next to a guy who asked, ohh like can I get like a yellowtail hamachi sushi nigiri roll? Then tried to brag to his date about how he lovvves sushi. People who get rolls do not love sushi, they love mayonnaise. Get the Omakase and you will NOT be disappointed. I am not a purist and I actually like when they mix non sushi items with the omakase, this place even includes steak and dessert! and its suuuuper cheap for all that you get and believe me you will be stuffed. Sushi was SUPER fresh, and our AWESOME sushi chef, who I swear is a part time comedian cuz he was hiliariousss even threw in some free pieces.. tried flounder sushi with truffles. ZOMGGG delicioso! Every bite was delectable and melted in my mouth. Left completellly satisfied and I will definitely be returning. Trust me, its a bit of a drive but its sooo worth it!!!
2	I hate to downgrade Sen of Japan, I really do.  But this is something that's been a long time coming and I'm finally breaking.  I arrived, was greeted, and sat for almost ten minutes with no menu or beverage.  I SHOULD have walked out.  Waitress finally comes, takes my drink order, brings my drink, takes my order, and leaves me with no napkin, chopsticks, soy sauce, etc.  While I was waiting, a couple came in and waited fifteen minutes to get a menu and be told, "Kitchen closes in fifteen minutes so last call is in five minutes."The food is well-prepared, the late-night happy hour is a great deal, but for what?  To sit around for half an hour for your appetizer?  The poor girl was so swamped since she "HAD" to cut a server at midnight so it was just her lone self running around, taking care of nine different orders.  It took fifteen minutes for my beverage and she completely forgot my edamame.This isn't anything new, though.  Usually I sit at the bar and eat sushi and service is okay because I have the chefs in front of me.  But sitting at a table?  Forget it.  Service was just terrible.  Never again.  No more late night Sen of Japan.EDIT: ALSO!  Be forewarned that this place may just randomly close at will.  I've seen them close up shop at 12:30am on a non-Sunday, so if you're going, hoping to see if you can squeeze in - CALL FIRST and save yourself the frustration.
5	I just had some really good sushi and I had to share. I took some advice from my fellow yelpers and started out with black cod soy, the fish cut like butter, so tender, not a huge fan of ponzu sauce, but I still enjoyed it. The absolute, most amazing thing I started out with was the garlic yellowtail. When I tell you it was the freshest, most delightful piece of fish I'm not making it up. I have been thinking about it since I left the place. I have to also give a special shout out to our server, Kayla, who was training, but you would have never been able to tell because she was excellent!! We told her we would let her pick our rolls with the only request of NO cream cheese (who eats cream cheese on sushi)? She picked the most amazing rolls, Shrimp tempura mango insideReal crab mango cucumberLarge wild shrimp tempura with apple and inariage, I know it sounds crazy, but please try this roll! And another one that wasn't on the menu, I believe it was called the ultimate yellowtail. So darn good! Service here was outstanding! I can't wait to come back!
5	Hands down the best sushi in Las Vegas some of the best I have ever had.  Definitely not your typical sushi place, Hiro was Nobu Las Vegas' chef for something like 14 year before opening Sen.  There are similar dishes to Nobu but at a fraction of the price.   I would recommend these things though shima aji w/ kelp and garlic ponzu, clam or uku with spicy lime sauce (best sauce), filet tataki, and number 2 roll.
5	Awesome happy hour last night! Sake and fresh sushi in a clean and inviting restaurant.We started with the HH calamari with a jalapeno vinaigrette over arugula. The sushi rolls that followed melted in my mouth. DELICIOUS!
5	One of the best sushi places off the strip, comparable to Nobu and Blue Ribbon. I always sit at the sushi bar and let the chefs make up my menu. High quality fish and unique flavors. A little on the pricey side, but the quality makes it worth it.
2	The Skinny: so-so sushi and incorrectly cut sashimi (2.5) service is shamelessly trying to upcharge you and ignore you when you don't feel like playing along(1) value: given the fact that I've been to Korean sushi joints that served similar product, their outrageous prices do not match the quality of the food. (2)My hubs and I came here about 2 years ago to sample their Valentine's Day omakase. Although there did appear to be a lot of cooked items, the quality of the food was enough to make us contemplate coming here again last week.We arrived with a friend for some good eats but were disappointed on many levels.First of all, the service is highly lacking. Our waitress had the annoying habit of always trying to get us to order more expensive items on the menu. No, we do not want a miniscule bowl of edamame you want to charge $4.50 for when I can get a massive bag of it for less than $2. No, we do not want to order alcoholic drinks. No, we don't want any of your appetizers.After we kept politely declining her suggestions, she pretty much ignored us until she wanted to us to clear the bill. Which was frustrating because she didn't even bring out a bowl of rice that came with our meager meals. Not to mention that they removed our small plates when our food came out. Let me tell you, it feels totally ghetto eating out of their massive sashimi bowl because you are likely to drip soy sauce on the other pieces of fish. Not cool. Not zen. All ghetto. Sorry, but it had to be said.Enough about the shoddy service. More on the food.Our friend and I ordered the Sashimi Special Combination ($29.95) while the hubby got the Shin's Special Plate ($19.95).For $19.95, the only special about Shin's Special Plate is how epic a rip it is. Although beautifully presented, the fish texturally, lack the firmness of really fresh product. The size of the fish on the nigri was also on the thinner side. Although the seasoning of the various fish was varied, the pairing of flavors were only okay in my books. Nothing terribly innovative. And for 7 pieces of nigri, it is very expensive.The sashimi special combination (sashimi plate, bowl of rice, miso soup) for $29.95 is also very expensive for what it was. The thin slices, the small portion size left me very disappointed. Top it off with fish that wasn't the finest quality (I went on a Thursday - no excuses!), I cannot recommend this dish to anyone.Overall, it's disappointing because there are very few decent sushi joints in town. But between the shoddy service, the lackluster fish quality and the skimpy portions, this place gets a 2 star.
5	We didn't have a reservation so we had to sit at the sushi bar! My date was impressed, I knew he would like this place when I had visited before alone... We had a #18: shrimp tempura with Apple, inariage and balsalmic drizzle that was surly off the hizzel. :) Defiantly a must eat when going here. We also had miso-soup which I always love. We also had a variety tempura. :) For desert we had Fresh baked chocolate souffle & green tea ice cream. Yumm!! I'm totally taking my next date there. & if I can't make his mouth water than the food sure will... Xo Barbiie
4	Truthfully this restaurant would be rated at 3.5 stars, but the service we received from the chef moved it back up to 4 stars.  We had the $55 omakase each... Started with the yellowtail sashimi, very flavorful, and a great start....then we had sashimi salad with garlic ponzu, it was okay, not an item that stood out...next we had black cod soy, which was a split decision between my love and I... it had a slimey texture for him, while I enjoyed it...i think it had a good balance with the sweetness and the miso...the filet mignon was decent, but I think I'm a bit spoiled with steak, hence I might be an unfair judge, its decent, but not something I'd eat again at this restuarant...the final dish that came out was a dish of assorted nigiri sushi with two pieces of tuna roll at the end... i think out of all the dishes we had, this was the most disasppointing, the wasabi under the fish for the nigiri was a bit too heavy, which would of been okay if it was fresh made wasabi like Kagaya in LA, but it wasn't, therefore it was just a overpowering addition to the sushi..The fish overall, I would rate it around a 3.5, since good tuna melts in your mouth, and salmon should be sweet without any other additional sauces for flavoring, hence why they only received 3.5 stars for the fish....FOOD = 3.5 starsFOOD & Service = 4 stars, the chefs were definitely fun to chit chat with...
5	These guys are great.  The food is great and the service is GREAT too!  Highly recommend!  We need more cool places like this in Las Vegas!
4	Gourmet sushi that can get the reluctant sushi diners to try raw fish.  You can get the traditional sushi if your hardcore, but if you want to try something different, they put a spin on the sushi with different sauces and garnishes.  I can't recall all the variations I sampled, but I do know it was good.  They have a black cod appetizer on the menu that is a must try.
5	Still one of the best in LV.
5	Wonderful
4	If you're looking for great sushi at a reasonable price, this place is as good as you will find in Vegas. It's a little bit of a haul (15-20 minutes from the strip) so you really have to be in the mood for sushi.As far as other dishes, I would recommend you not expend the cab fare. While the black cod soy and hamachi kama were good,  I'm just not that big a fan of cod or hamachi. The asparagus and avocado tempura were relatively flavorless and the beef, chicken and shrimp skewers were either overcooked or poor cuts of meat. Avoid the skewers!The service was acceptable but we had a little bit of a language barrier. They were nice and got the food out quick without overlap in dishes. The atmosphere was cool.The verdict - outstanding sushi - meh everything else - you have to really be in the mood for sushi given the drive.Smiley face
5	The BEST, BEST, BEST sushi I have had outside of Japan!!! I love how they mix unique sauces and yummy vegetables or capers to certain sashimi and make it into a visual masterpiece that tastes as amazing as it looks.This is the place for foodie photo taking people to go! Extraordinary presentation of the food!! I love how unique this place is and how knowledgeable the staff and chefs are about pairing fish with different things. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!
5	Best sushi in Vegas! probably my favorite restaurant in town...The prices are kinda high, but well worth it..if the chef recommends it...order it! still wishing they had a happy hour so i could afford to go more! cheers!
5	I went to Sen of Japan for the first time a few weeks ago and it was AMAZING! I'm a sushi lover and this is definitely my new go to place for sushi. My date did well in leaving the ordering up to the chef. I  was really impressed with everything that the he made for us. The food kept coming and every dish was even better than the last. The fish was so fresh and the flavor combination in every dish was perfect. I'm generally a sushi roll gal, but on this night, it was all about sashimi and nigiri. I don't even look at sushi rolls the same anymore. It was a great experience all around and I highly recommend checking this place out. The restaurant is cozy, clean, very nicely decorated and the service was great! If I had the option of adding an extra star, I would.  I will definitely be going back!
4	The 4 of us really enjoyed the lamb chops and the salmon/mango sushi, but everything else was just a bit better than average.
5	Reverse Happy Hour? I'm definitely in. I had heard good things about Sen of Japan and have been wanting to check them out for months. I even came by at lunch once but they are only open for dinner and late night. The location is 15 to 20 minutes west of the strip depending of the time of evening.I decided to visit after partying at the Yelp Spring Break Cathouse event. It was a late Thursday night and they weren't busy.      The waitresses are friendly and on the spot here. The hot tea is complimentary and the sushi quality is super fresh. We started off several orders of black cod soy with lettuce, followed by fried shrimp with orange Aioli sauce, yellow-tail, salmon and freshwater eel sushi. The last item was their #1 specialty roll - spicy albacore, tuna with spicy garlic ponzu sauce. Check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aQ222ydz_GSRZV66xNt4kQ?select=uvsFzFFfaZIaKTzZbjucGQ#uvsFzFFfaZIaKTzZbjucGQOverall I was impressed with the freshness, quality and presentation of everything we ate, not to mention the HH value. Sen of Japan ranks up there with my favorite Japanese restaurants in LV and I'll  definitely be returning soon!
5	I love this place.  The sushi is so good.  The prices are great and there are always a lot of people there.  Its also very clean and very fresh.
4	I met a client here for dinner on Wednesday around 6:30 and we grabbed a table. It was a hot day so we started off with a couple of cold Sapporo beers. Last time I dined here I enjoyed the Shrimp tempura with Aioli sauce so we started with that as a appetizer. This dish is delish and highly recommend it. We followed with California cut roll, Sashimi combination and a rainbow roll. I was happy with the 2 rolls but was disappointed with the sashimi. The fish lacked flavor with the exception of the salmon and fish roe and we didn't finish all the sashimi BC we were so full.The service here from both our waitresses was spot on and Sen of Japan was super busy by the time we left a few hours later. My client ended up enjoying the food here as I and will return again.
5	The best Japanese cuisine in Las Vegas off the strip. Even including the restaurants in the casinos, Sen of Japan still ranks in the TOP 5 in the city. This shouldn't come as too much of a surprise as the owner is a former Nobu chef; a small, pretty well known eatery. If you're looking for fresh fish, great entrees, and a fun environment, check this place out.
5	Late night happy hour. Excellent service, fresh and yummy rolls, green tea ice cream was delicious. Very pleasant atmosphere. Even the chefs were friendly and welcoming.
5	Lesson learnt : "Sauces do make all the difference!" And before anything, I'd like to give a shoutout to Veronica and Jo. You guys stupendously rocked! Thank you once again for your delightful company. You have to know that I was stuffed to much contentment, I should probably feel guilty about it. This couple, my fellow yelpers, are buddies from school I've gotten to know better over the months and setting aside any possible bias I have for them, I gotta admit (and you will too if you come here) that Jo is quite the chef! The night began on a more exotic note: Hawaiian Spicy Edamame, followed by one order of the spider rolls and another of the shrimp tempura rolls. Both were of decent sizes, enough to fill your stomach up halfway. I especially admired that little touch of mango on the spider roll. And everything only crescendo'd from there. We then had the Calamari with Jalapeno Salt which was 'succulent' - a word I would never have seen myself associate calamari with, fyi - and that's a compliment, because the sauce/topping that was sprinkled on top of each calamari gave it a vinegary taste, a unique alternative to the usual tartar sauce. There was also the mixed seafood with apple vinaigrette although I must swiftly move on to pinpoint the highlight of the night - the Chocolate Souffle with green tea ice-cream. All concerns regarding weight loss and a possible diet regime disappeared as soon as it got to our table, I tell ya! I probably don't even have to go on and speak in awe of this dessert for you to know that Veronica and I loved it to tidbits! Will definitely keep this restaurant on my list of go-back-tos. It had a cozy atmosphere, dimly lit with candles, perfect for long talks or a cute date night. The staff was very friendly (props to you Kayla) and I couldn't quite forget the lightning tearing up the sky in the background that night - all while we were talking about ghost stories too! Fancy that.
5	Best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas...
5	Sen of Japan is gem of a find for this L.A. sushi addict transplant... amazing, creative,  and joyfully delicious! So sorry for being long and wordy here ;-P
5	I'm obligated to love this place because my wife prefers Sen over Naked Fish (my personal preference). Don't get me wrong, all of the sushi chefs are awesome - but most of the experience is lost if you don't sit at the bar. I usually order whatever Sonny recommends along with the typical generic sushi choices. Sometimes though, I like giving him crap by ordering only things from the kitchen when sitting at the sushi bar. I like the rice.
5	Happy hour is the BEST! Sushi is very fresh! Service is great!
4	Good fish, tasty and innovative presentations, friendly, efficient and well trained staff.
5	lots of different choices, all tasty and extremely well made.
5	Are you from LA? Frolicing on the strip and yelping to find a good sushi place in Vegas?? Your search ends here. Seriously. Most likely a $20 cab ride each way from the strip. If your car is in the valet, call them up, tip out the $2 and make the drive. For real. It was THAT good. I can compare the freshness, taste, and creativity to Katsuya in Studio City.. actually, better.  'Our chef was Sha-hin (hope i didn't butcher the name) .. we sat at the bar, and it kept coming. From creative new rolls, to 3 different types of sushi I had never tried before.. It was absolutely amazing. I likes to crush my sushi, in mass quantities. Wifee hung in there pretty well. We shared a beer (I was driving, and can wait on drinking until im back at the casino).  Dinner for two $80. Tip additional.Got there at around 9pm on a Saturday night. Not too busy. Nice atmosphere.. (not for ya'll who are super loud - no loud music, no rock n roll sushi gimmicks). Just a great place in a non-descript shopping center. This is my place everytime I am in town.
4	Sushi bar choices in Las Vegas are numerous.  Ironically, my wife and I chose Sen of Japan independently for our after-show dinner on a Saturday night.  We were not disappointed.  Sen combines sushi (extraordinary fish) with a bistro - which we didn't sample - but it's nice to know it's there.  No foie gras during our visit.From the 'usual' starter, hamachi sashimi, the chef suggested a special digression nearly transparent yellowtail, dressed with razor-sliced chili pepper, garlic flake and cilantro leaf, I was on a 'journey' directed by our chef.  Maguro tuna followed for grounding, then 'house smoked salmon' with remarkable subtlety and texture.  Aji (horse mackerel), hotate (scallop) and hirame (fluke) with special dressings spared the wasabe and soy dipping action.Inventive, thoughtful and humble describes the sushi chef demeanor at Sen.  No broad-stroke arrogance to a "gaigin" lacking knowledge.  Having scoured the streets of Tokyo, Osaka and other cities in Japan for over 30 years, the attitude detector is sensitive.  I'm pleased to recommend Sen for both taste and value.  Not at all an AYCE spot, but their unwritten policy of "no gouging" is appreciated.  You won't be disappointed.  Let the chef be your guide.
5	Great food, great service.  Two thumbs upWe ordered the omakase from the kitchen, $85/person.  The seafood salad was good, the filet mignonette and the cod were fine, but the rest was a blur.  For that, I won't order this prix-fix menu again.My friend ordered the omakase from the sushi bar, in which the chef picked out the sashimi or rolls for you.  All the fish that we had were heavenly.  The toro was the best.I want to take more people here again.
5	Those that know me know that I never make hyperbolous statements unless I absolutely mean them. The sushi at SOJ is flat out awesome, and the "Vons" roll is the best one I have tasted anywhere in the world. If you truly enjoy sushi, SOJ is far and away the best sushi place in all of Las Vegas.
4	Loved this place!!! Great atmosphere and super friendly staff! Love the sushi roll choices and the different types of fish. The scallop topped with cilantro was probably my favorite!! Super great place, we will have to come back here when we return in February!!
4	Oh Sen. You are so lucky. Usually my wife and I fulfill our weekly sushi tooth with Goyemon. But for some reason we decided to try something different and headed all the way out to Summerlin instead.When we arrived, around 12:30 a.m., it was completely dead inside save for one couple at the bar. At this hour, Goyemon would be packed to the rafters. Nevertheless, we apprehensively sat down and were quickly greeted and supplied with our Diet Coke fix. Then we immediately set about reading the Reverse Happy Hour menu that Misti and so many other reviewers have raved about.First, we got the salmon carpaccio, and it was perfect, with a delicious glaze and a taste of freshness. We proceeded with a Lisa Lisa roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, crunch) which was good and a nice change of pace from the same Goyemon rolls we have every week.For our fourth dish, we wanted to try the shrimp with a lemon sauce. Our waitress told us that the lemon had been abandoned and that the dish now came with a ginger chili paste.That was a good call. That dish was damn delicious.Lastly, we tried an Alaska roll, and were disappointed in the freshness of the salmon. After being pleasantly surprised at how fresh everything else was, the Alaska roll left a literal bad taste in our mouths.Sen is good. Not great, but good. Even the mighty Mon empire has an occasional misstep so I can forgive the Alaska roll...this time. We'll be back and hope that everything was as good as before!
3	After seeing some reviews form this place exceeding Nobu, I decided to give it a rip. I wasn't really impressed. For the price and fanfare I expected a better setup. I must say it wasnt that great of flavors and was a bit bland. I loved the Sushi Chefs and my friend seemed to enjoy it more than I. She and I eat a lot of the same foods and enjoy spice, but she was happy with the flavors. So maybe I was on a off night. LOL I would hit again
3	Great food but not worth the rude and terrible service at the sushi bar.
5	I heart the Late night happy hour, I arrived near 11pm and only 1 table and a couple were at the sushi bar. It was a frigid cold Thursday evening in sin city. Sen of Japan is about a 15 minute drive west of the strip. The food and service in the past has been spot on and tonight was no exception. Both waitresses who served me were awesome. They never let my hot tea go empty and for the amount of food consumed - what a bargain! Started off with popcorn shrimp with orange Aioli sauce, Black miso cod with butter lettuce, Fresh water eel roll, Black snapper sushi, #1 roll spicy albacore with tuna and spicy garlic ponzu and finished up with house made red bean ice cream. All the entrees were so fresh, delicious and presented beautifully. If you haven't checked out Sen of Japan make it a priority when visiting Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed.
2	Went there late night. Had family come from out of town. This place has horrible service Only 1 other table in there and still took 45 min to get our order. Wanted to order more after the order came but did not want to wait another 45 min so we left. Not to mention our drinks which took 15 min to get to our table all we ordered was water and hot tea. Asked the waitress what is taking so long her response was everyone came at the same time meanwhile there is us and another table in the whole restaurant. The sushi wasn't bad that's why for the the 2 stars. Plenty of other places that has better sushi. Definitely wont be back!
5	Phenomenal. Period.
4	Try the sushi off the menu!
5	Wow incredibly good!  I came here early afternoonAnd set at the sushi bar, I let the sushi chef suggest what to eatAnd it was awesome and delicious!  I'll be back for sure.
2	Let me begin by saying that I liked this restaurant's design and rolls I had were actually quite good.  Although I was at the sushi bar, the waitress who served drinks and edamame was actually fantastic.Why only 2 stars then?  Funny you should ask.While sitting at the sushi bar watching one of the chef's prepare someone else's nigiri, I happened to catch him proceed to throw the fish down on the preparation surface to flatten it a couple times, and then some error in trajectory resulted in the 3rd throw landing on the floor in front of him.  He picked it up, washed it off in the sink, looked right at me, and then laid it neatly across a rice ball.  It went onto a plate with several others and off to a table it went.  Call me crazy, but there is no 5 second rule in restaurants!  Washing it off doesn't change that rule!So, a few minutes later, while conversing with my dinner partner, the same chef, who appeared to be more tenured or the ranking official behind the sushi bar, called out to the waitress behind us and scolded her abruptly about a customer waiting for a to-go order.  She happened to be directly behind me and not only was it rude and inappropriate to do so in front of customers, but it totally stopped our dinner conversation dead in it's tracks.  She responded that it was being taken care of and went about her business.  I think I just sat there with a dumbfounded look on my face.Sufficed to say, there are many excellent sushi choices in Las Vegas.  I prefer one that takes values sanitary practices in preparation of the food and where the staff is a little more pleasant to one another.This will likely be my first and last visit to this establishment.
5	Hands down the best sushi. Just got back from Japan in November and can honestly say that sushi here is just as good if not better. My wife and I live in Orange County and stop by every time we are  in the area. The staff is great and remembers us (pretty unusual now-a-days.)We have tried the top sushi restaurants in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Las Vegas and nothing beats the quality, taste, and price. The first time my wife was a little nervous driving into the suburbs for sushi but dont let that fool you. Its worth the drive from the strip and the wait is usually very short.Dont miss this hidden gem and try the black cod w/ butter lettuce.
5	This is some of the best sushi I've had outside of Hawaii.  It is definitely worth the trip off of the strip, as the quality is at least as good (if not better), and the price is half of what you'd pay in the tourist traps.  If you're a sushi purist, make sure to let the sushi chef know, as you may find some of your nigiri covered in light sauces.  My dinner partner was not thrilled with this, but I thought the sauce complimented the taste of the fish.  Personal preference, I guess.
3	This place is so overrated and overpriced it actually completely blows my mind. The sushi/sashimi isn't "terrible" per se, but there's not a single exceptional part of it to speak of...
5	Very unexpectedly good.I give 10 out of 10 on food.Good service, and good atmosphere I really was in for a surprise.It was worth driving for from the strip.
5	Best Sushi Restaurant in Las Vegas!! My husband and I have been dining here for over 5 years at least twice a week. If they were down the street from our home we would probably be there more. Fantastic selection of fish and always very fresh. We even went there for Valentine's Day!! It was packed. The servers are fantastic and remember what we like to eat and drink. The owners always come by to say hi and we feel like family there. The sushi chefs are very accomodating at the sushi bar. We just love this place and would highly recommend it.
5	Wow this place is ridiculously amazing. Stumbled upon this little gem last night and wasn't expecting much. I'm very picky when it comes to Sushi and this place blew me away. First off the service was impeccable. Everyone knew English and our waters were always kept full. Also when we were through with a plate it was taken away immediately. My cousin and I shared 3 rolls. Spicy Salmon, Spicy Yellowtail and one that had caramelized onions on the top infant remember the name but it was Delish! You could also tell the ingredients were very fresh. Located on the corner of Desert Inn & Durango it's very assessable. I suggest this place very highly to anyone looking for outstanding service and fresh sushi.
3	I wasn't sure what to rate Sen. The food was good, but they were out of so many things on the menu, it was weird. How does a restaurant have so many items 86'd on the weekend. Being in the restaurant business for so many years, I understand that it happens, but a well prepared restaurant should be stocked (especially in Vegas).They were out of Cod, Foie Gras, quail eggs, one of their sauces, and another app item that slips my mind right now. We ended up ordering 4 rolls, they were all really good.We ordered and were really happy with these:Spicy Salmon with Tuna and Spicy Garlic Ponzu on Top  12.75Spicy Salmon Roll with Mango  6.00 hand rollYellowtail and Cucumber Roll with Yellowtail and Yuzu soy on the Top  14.50Spicy Scallop. Real Crab and Cream Cheese Inside with Albacore, Avocado and Creamy Ponzu on top  15.00The fish was really fresh, The service was sub-par. We waited about 8 minutes just to put in drink orders and the restaurant was near empty. The waitress's shift ended and she didn't let us know she was leaving so we were left looking for her. It was a lot of confusion just for some sushi.  I just felt bad not getting the full experience. We might be revisiting this place soon. It's VERY popular with all of our friends. If our friends didn't like it, we probably never return. I will post an update if we come here again.
5	Where to start, hummmm. The service was one of the best experiences I have had at restaurant ever! The waitress Tiffany had the menu locked down and for someone who was not familiar with this type of food she knew what I would like and aced it. The GM was dropping by regularly to make sure we were taken care of by the staff and check on the quality of the food. Now for the food, it is hard to say anything could have been better the sashimi was so fresh you could have dropped it in water and it would have swam away. The rolls were world class rolled to perfection and OMG fresh. If you are looking for the best, freshest and friendliest sushi restaurant you need not look further than Sen of Japan thanks for the great time, and did I mention the prices were very reasonable for the class of food received.
5	Best Sushi in Vegas, bar none. They love what they do and it shows in their food.
5	Fresh food and great preparation , best Japanese food in town!!! I love it!!!
5	Beats Sushi Roku by far! Great food and nice chefs that remember guests. Recommend Fatty Tuna
5	Food: 5Service: 4Been here a couple times and each time is really good. It's nice to get quality fish and not pay strip prices. Our group of 4 had tuna, yellowtail, salmon, eel, albacore, and the other basics. Rolls were balanced with ingredients other than the rice. Every time I'm in Vegas, I would happily drive 20+ minutes to go here.
5	I could have never thought that a city in a middle of the desert has such flawless Japanese food. I ordered the Omakase $85.00 and was so well-fed. They served me all the fancy top-graded stuff from appetizer to dessert: hamachi, oysters, sashimi salad, red snapper, cod, foie gras, steak, nigiri, and molten chocolate cake. From the beginning to the end, every dish was equally mouth watering. The service was top-notched. Everyone from the chefs, the managers, and the waitresses was extremely nice and helpful. I felt so happy when I left the place. I wish I could bring this place and Raku back home with me. ARIGATO, Sen of Japan.
5	I ordered the 8 course meal and it was delicious! I have been to places like Katsuya in LA but this place blows it out of the water. The food here was sooo good we even ate the Decorations!If you are a sushi lover, you have not had the best sushi until you come to this place!
3	Nobu? April Fools!  Nobu, it's not, but close...and definitely at a MUCH cheaper price.We got the more expensive Omakase. It was, for the most part, underwhelming: a forgettable sashimi salad, a lackluster lobster salad, and something else that I forgot about.The black cod "soy" (sound familiar?..hmmm...) was very well done and had tons of flavor. What's more it was topped with a nice fatty piece of foie gras which accentuated the already rich flavors of the miso...OOPS...I mean "soy" glaze. The dish also had a drizzle of wasabi sauce which cut through some of that richness.The main course was a barely grilled (looked almost poached) filet mignon with a miso dressing. The sauce was good, but the filet lacked seasoning and didn't have much flavor to speak of.The best part about this place is the nigiri. The fish is, of course, fresh, but the garnishes are so unique and so beautifully executed that I completely forgot about the disappointing previous dishes. Yuzu with garlic, truffle oil and chopped chile, etc. Really good stuff.A cheap knock off of Nobu is still a compliment in my eyes, but this place is much more than that. Nice work guys. I'll be back soon.
5	I went here for dinner with my cousins and it was pretty darn good! Seriously, it was some of the best I've ever had in Las Vegas and it could easily beat most sushi I've had in LA. I had the following items:1) Shrimp Tempura, Masago, Cucumber and Cream Cheese Inside with Salmon and Eel Sauce on Top (BOMB. Seriously, I have nothing against cream cheese in my sushi so it was grand. The fish was very, very fresh and tasty as well.)2) My cousin had Shrimp Tempura Roll with Seared Salmon and Sweet Chili Sauce on top and it was so fresh and the sauce was good as well.3) Quail Meatball Skewers (Delicious, fresh, and well cooked. It came with a poached egg to dip it in! Yum.)4) Kalbi Short Ribs with butter lettuce. (This was a wrap and was super tasty!)5) Salmon Nigiri (Fish was super fresh, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. Good price for it though!)6) Peanut Butter and Chocolate Mochi. (SERIOUSLY. Try it. You won't regret it!)All of this + two bottles of sake = happy me. It wasn't cheap, but you get what you pay for.Oh and the service is good! What more could you ask for?
3	Sen of Japan was good...but not great! I had high expectations, but I left a bit disappointed.The goods!Calamari Jalapeno Salsa:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sen-of-japan-las-vegas?select=HzbNZHaDg795sfCBJa1KoQ#5zxmbBC-w4BAuATWPjneLQThis was a yummy combination with a little bit of spice. The salsa on here was great, and made me eat a lot of the greens lol. It was tender Calamari, but the salsa made the dish.Fried Shrimp with Orange Aioli Sauce! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sen-of-japan-las-vegas?select=HzbNZHaDg795sfCBJa1KoQ#MyNAvct4P6QPxwlJY6thUQThis was great...shrimp were cooked perfectly, and the sauce (albeit a bit sweet) was flavorful and zesty. This was one of my favorites of the night, although it was a bit sweet for my tastes.. still very enjoyable!Nigiri is good here :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sen-of-japan-las-vegas?select=HzbNZHaDg795sfCBJa1KoQ#q-S7KeYG7pbq3CxQ_1q3QgFresh cuts of fish, with small amounts of dressing and flavors added...not just plain nigiri.Edamame was good but very simple :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sen-of-japan-las-vegas?select=HzbNZHaDg795sfCBJa1KoQ#V0zrF8BJUXZJvVY0PtcU3gThe bads Fresh Water Eel Roll :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sen-of-japan-las-vegas?select=HzbNZHaDg795sfCBJa1KoQ#9B_i1RNUQ6b5lm1alDisJAThis was just ok...the eel was cut fairly thin, so it was hard to find it in there. Rice was a tad overdone, and it was a very forgetful dish. Haven't had mediocre sushi for a while...but that's what this was Lava Cake with Green Tea ice cream :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sen-of-japan-las-vegas?select=HzbNZHaDg795sfCBJa1KoQ#oHLSH2VlzPaI4XEcZiTbVgI made the mistake of ordering it after we were done eating, so there was a 15min wait or so...but when I cut into it, no "lava!" It was overcooked....and the ice cream wasn't very flavorful either. Huge bummer after waiting for that long....plus, it wasn't on the happy hour menu, so I think it was a solid $7-8 down the tube.And lastly, the price. I spent almost $40 + tip on a Happy Hour menu with no drinks by myself...and since I wasn't blown away on most of the food, I didn't get the bang for the buck ratio I prefer.  I would have rather went to that new "fusion" place and spent half the money, or an AYCE sushi spot and fill up on the good stuff for again...less money.
4	Best sushi in Summerlin! If you're into rolls etc then I wouldn't recommend this place.  Their nigiri sushi is great and their chefs know what they are selling.  Eat at the bar and tell the chefs what you like.  This isn't an AYCE type place so stay away if you're a $25.99 sushi place.I've been going here since it opened. Always ask them what they have in fresh and you'll be delighted!!
4	I found this place through Yelp and the reviews couldn't have been more spot-on... Sen of Japan is a great local sushi restaurant.The fish is fresh, their specialty items are tastefully creative, and the staff is friendly and attentive.  In addition to the standard sushi items, here are some other favorites:- Garlic Yellowtail- Fluke with truffle oil- 3oz. Peppered Albacore with enoki and garlic butter- Fluke with micro veggies and shiso vinaigrette
5	Let the sushi bar pick your dishes  just say pick 5 if you are a sashimi fan
4	I may be wrong but I am pretty sure somebody told me that the owner of this place used to be head Sushi Chef at Nobu. So as you can imagine this place was awesome and the fish was super fresh.I went with a group of 6 people and we decided to not look at the menu. We chose to have the chef serve us whatever he likes. He served us many standard rolls, raw pieces with amazing sauces on them and lots of different types of cooked fish.If you choose to eat this way, make sure you tell them when you are getting full because they will just keep it coming for hours. This is not your standard pricing for sushi, it is a little up scale. So don't expect to get all you can eat here for 20.00.
3	Just moved here and gave this place a try, had a LOT of places in san Francisco I was fond of and this place is good (the Hamachi Jalapeno with garlic was GREAT!) but some of the rolls were just sub par and a little too fishy (yeah yeah I know, its fish). I will come back for sure but I am going to try a few other spots as well.
5	Came back on the 5/22 and everything lived up to our expectations. It was my brother and fathers first time at Sen and Japan and it will not be their last. This is our spot when we come to Vegas for business or travel.
4	Great food at a reasonable price.  Compared to most of the overrated, overpriced sushi places in the Las Vegas area, this place is a gem.  Make sure to try the Microgreens Trio if you like truly fresh, well-made sushi...
5	So this place was just awesome! Come prepared to spend some bucks though..we had all the reccomended dishes from fluke sashimi w/truffle oil and capers,softshell crab,garlic yellowtail, soy black cod w/foie gras,baked mussells w/butter aioli. We also did scallop hand rolls and kumamoto oysters(my wifes fav) too which is our favorite whenever we go japanese. All I gotta say is they know what they are doing here and you will not be dissapointed they aim to please your tase buds here for sure
5	Thank you Yelp for helping us find this place! My wife and daughter and I shared the $85 tasting menu and a few more items.The duck Tataki was incredible, and so was the Sashimi salad. Absolutely the best Sukiyaki I've ever had... plus it had FOIE GRAS in it.  Love!  TheThird course Crab was awesome. Black cod w aioli was Sooo good. We also loved the Filet Mignon w asparagus and the Miso w clams. Everything was amazing.
4	Originally we were going to eat at Naked Fish but they had a little wait so we decided to drive down the street and try out Sen of Japan... SOJ has a nice ambience.. definitely a step up from a typical neighborhood sushi joint.. Dim-lighting, soft music and wooden floors.. It was a little warm at first at our table but it eventually cooled down.. We ordered :Sashimi Salad: Fresh cuts of fish & I liked the capers in the saladSoft Shell Crab Roll topped with Spicy Tuna: The spicy tuna really stood out in taste and appearance.. you could just tell it was very good quality..Foie Gras Udon: I don't think it was worth $18 haha came with 2 tiny little pieces of foie gras.. I will say that the broth had a nice deep flavor and it came with lots of yummy greens.. For those 3 items without tip it was about $50 so it's not cheap by any means but if you are looking for a nice sushi place that's a step up from your neighborhood joint but don't want to go all the way to the strip then Sen of Japan is perfect for you~HOT TIP: Late night HH (Mon-Sat; 10:30PM-1:30AM)
5	Sometimes places leave you speechless and it is okay. Sometimes you don't need to drone on and on about how good the food is. Sen of Japan leaves that almost perfect impression on me and it is hard to put it into words. Starting out with the Hawaiian style edamame is a must. So is the mixed seafood cucumber salad. From that point, it only got better. All of the nigiri was fresh, a generous slice, but could have held back on the dressing. At points, the rice was falling apart due to how much sauce was on some of the pieces. My friends that I had dined with had prefaced that Sen's miso black cod rivals that of Nobu's. I had to get it and for $14, it is a steal. The steak with the sweet soy based sauce was freaking fantastic. Dragging the meat through it to dab on my rice was not enough. I should have been as smart as my dining partner and just tipped the plate over my rice. You need to save room for the chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream. It is magnificent. The nice crunch from the shell to the gooey center pairs so well with the homemade ice cream. I died so many times throughout the meal.I cannot complain about one thing that hit our table. I call that a win with around eight different fishes, a few appetizers, a couple of entrees, and two desserts.
5	Incredibly fresh fish and genuine service. they have great specials, and I have yet to be disappointed.
5	One thing that has been lost here in Las Vegas is authentic sushi. Sen of Japan is the true essence of authentic. The staff is great but what really makes Sen of Japan worth it's money is their food. The food looks as good as it tastes. I'm definitely going back and I will be a consistent customer.
4	Good sushi.
4	The Black Cod I had here was just about the best piece of fish I've ever put in my mouth.  Extremely moist with a nice char and a delicious wasabi sauce.  The sushi and sashimi are super fresh and tasty, with some creative sauces and pairings.   Some of the entrees were a miss for me, namely the Filet Mignon with Aspargus in a mustard soy sauce.  Prices are reasonable, definitely worth a trip off the strip if you're visiting.
5	Best sushi in town, hands down. Strip quality, off-strip prices. Sit at the bar, try chef Shinjisan's omakase. Not a bad thing on the menu, but the Garlic Yellow tail is out of this world. The care and pride they take in their product is apparent, and their fish is wonderfully fresh.
5	Wonderful nigiri and sashimi, very interesting (in a good way!) sushi rolls. I hated doing the "vendor dinner" thing for work, until I started bringing them to Sen. Now all my vendors ask to go there. These guys are from San Antonio, Denver, New York, Boston and LA. All cities with great food, and they all love Sen of Japan. I've never had a dish at Sen I didn't like, and most I absolutely love. Not a huge Saki fan, but I did discover one that I love. It's a sparkling Saki. A lower alcohol treat that goes really well with the Hawaiian Edamame and spicy sushis. During the "family dinner hour" it can be tough to get a table right away if there is more than 4 of you, but make a reservation even a couple hours early and you'll get in. Also helps to have a little patience, and fun company, if you do like I do and ask them to bring "whatever the sushi chef feels like creating". It's a blast and a super fun way to try all kinds of fun food concoctions. It's not a cheap meal, but far less expensive (and better!) than the schmancy places on the strip. Enjoy!
4	Nice atmosphere, open late. Prices a little too expensive. I love crunchy rolls and they don't have a lot available here. Their sashimi is really good.
5	Our favorite Sushi in Vegas. The fish is as fresh as it gets and the prepared dishes are not the usual afterthought found in other sushi places. I believe the chef was formerly at Nobu and it shows. You can't go wrong with the sushi. For prepared we love the eggplant miso, kalbi short rib wraps, fish collar, mushroom salad, Garlic Yellowtail  with Yuzu Soy and foie gras and Kobe Beef Sukiyaki Udon with Foie Gras. All terrific.The service is pretty good although we usually have to ask several time for silverware.
4	Great sushi
1	Sooooo thoroughly disappointed with this place. For an expensive place, you'd think the quality of fish would be good. I paid 3 times more than what I did in LA the week prior for way worse crap. Fish was not fresh tasting at all. I seriously think this place is worse than any AYCE place I've been to in Vegas. The sashimi platter is a waste of money. For $35 I got premium cuts of fish in LA. I do expect to pay more in Vegas. But with paying more, I expect to get good quality food. Sadly this is not what I got.
5	This place was amazing! A friend suggested to come here for happy hour so I decided to come along. We sat at the bar and I really wasn't expecting much (plus I had already eaten prior). The ambiance was nice and the chef was incredibly friendly. I'd say he made the entire experience worth going! I don't remember much of what we ate because we only took suggestions from the chef. Everything came out perfect, flavor was out of this world and the black cod lettuce wraps? YUM! Will definitely come back again.
5	For locals, who aren't into going to the strip, Sen of Japan is perfect; it may not be Michelin star, but it's damn near close enough for me, and it deserves to be. The service is superb! My husband's boss was in town from Japan along with some other people, and he loved it!
3	Temporal Combination, Filet Mignon steak w bell pepper was nice and tender, cooked just right, Shrimp tempura roll and caterpillar roll, mochi peanut butter.
5	I am going to focus on the desserts for this review. Much good has already been said about the food. The desserts at Sen are made to order in house, and are to die for.Sen is open late. Even if you eat elsewhere, you can come here for dessert. You will not be disappointed.Almond Yuzu Frangipane Tart 5/5Luscious, soft, crispy, molten, delicious. Words fail me when trying to describe this. It's incredible. It takes everything I have not to ooh and ahhh like a baby every time I eat this. It's more like an upside down souffle than a tart. The "crust" outside is perfectly crisp, the inside is molten almond lava. On the side is a scoop of fresh pineapple sorbet, eat them together and you get a crazy mix of hot, cold, crispy and gooey textures, sweet, nutty, and zesty flavors. It's complex but it really works. If you like almond flavor in the least, get this.Chocolate Souffle with Green Tea Ice Cream 5/5Like any good souffle, this is made to order and served hot, fresh out of the oven. A souffle is difficult to perfect, not just the recipe but it has to be baked for just the right amount of time. They get it right on the money every time here. The outer layer is crisp, the chocolate center is molten and gooey. The chocolate is rich and the flavors go very well with the green tea ice cream, bitter, earthy and sweet.You really have to give this place some credit for making these desserts to order, and even making the sorbet and ice cream in house. These desserts take longer to get to your table than premade desserts, count on waiting 10-15 minutes for them to come out after you order. If you are in a hurry, put the dessert order in before you are finished with your food. It's worth it!
5	This place is a hidden gem.  Amazing food and service!! You can definitely taste the quality of the fish and the love that's transferred into the food.  They also had a wide variety of Sake to choose from :P  I ordered the chef's 5 course meal.  Wow... I literally ate 90% of what was served!! If I had more space in my stomach I would've forced the rest of it haha.  Every single dish that was brought out was amazing.  So flavorful and fresh! The ambience of the place was lively!! The lighting was very romantic and dim.  The music was perfect and not so loud where I can't hear the other speak like some restaurants.  All the workers were so welcoming & nice.  All of their recommendations were great !!! I honestly can't find one thing that I didn't like.  This place is an awesome place to take a date :P( I posted pictures of the meal )
4	This review is for their happy hour - Sen offers a variety of cut rolls, apps, and nigiri sushi all for under 10 bucks an item.  It's extremely affordable and the overall quality is excellent.They don't offer too many nigiri selection (not as much as Yummy Grill and Sushi) but the quality is really fresh and the sushi rice is well flavored.   They have about 8 selections with your standard salmon, tuna, yellowtail, shrimp, etc. The cut rolls are standard fare  - your spicy salmon, philly, cucumber, eel rolls but are well priced as well at 3-4 bucks.The star of the happy hour is the miso black cod lettuce wraps.   Do yourself a favor and order at least 2-3 per person.   Everything about it is delicious with the slight salty miso flavor coupled with the nice textural bite from the noodles inside the lettuce.  The salmon carpaccio was also very good - think Yonaka.....delicate and full of flavor. Overall, Sen's a great happy hour.  I prefer the extensive nigiri selection from Yummy and the delicate flavors from Yonaka better.
4	A great experience!  We got the 6 course meal. The food was fresh and the presentation was beautiful. Our only suggestion was the choice of courses and the order. They ended the meal with sushi, nothing special sushi. The other courses were special and amazing. Overall great meal.
2	I love sushi and I don't understand all the hype for Sen of Japan.  I have been to the sushi bar here twice and still think it's just okay.  Nothing has blown my socks off or stood out as being really memorable.  I hated the garlic chip that ruined my yellowtail sashimi.  I won't be back because there are many places that I enjoy much more for sushi.If you are expecting anything like Nobu you will be very disappointed.  I only gave it a second chance because my friend said it's her favorite place.  I am not a fan of this over priced mediocre sushi place.
5	The $55 Omakase is a must for 1st timers.  Also their happy hour menu has a great selection.  The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.  Must try the Miso Cod, it's a goddamn party in your mouth.  Skip all the over hyped and over priced sushi places on the strip and come here.  Their fish is always fresh and service is great.
5	Staying at a strip hotel, we asked a local where to go for the best sushi.  With out skipping a beat they said "Sen of Japan".   We were  told to ask for the owner John.    We arrived and asked for John.   Very nice man as well as all that waited on us.     Talking with John he told us what the style of there sushi is and what they specialize in.   At this point we closed our menu's and ask John to bring what he thought we would like      The food is some best sushi I have every had    This is must stop for fresh fish in the middle of the dessert!
5	Food is great!  Happy hour is awesome!  Service is mostly good.  My favorite is the No. 2 roll and Salmon Carpacio on the Happy Hour menu...yum!!!!
5	Best sushi in Vegas. Period. I've managed a sushi joint and had sushi all over the world. This menu is unlike any sushi menu I've come across. So so good I can't wait to go back!
5	Holy Cow I haven't been so impressed by a local, casual restaurant in a long long time. Thanks to Yelp one more time for pointing me to an eatery I probably would have never stopped at had it not been for the exceptional reviews. Sushi restaurants seem to be a dime-a-dozen in Vegas and I'm so pleased to have somewhere to replace Kona Grill. The food is twice as good, and you don't have to put up with drunk, over-40 Summerlin housewives trying to re-live their 20's. The service was terrific, the recommendations made by our waitress were spot on, and even the chocolate souffle (not exactly a Japanese desert) with green tea gelato was incredible. I highly recommend and will be back very soon.
5	Sen of Japan is a neighborhood gem! If you are lucky enough to live or pass by this area often you have to stop into Sen. You'll become a regular for sure. The quality of the fish that you will find here is outstanding. The food is also prepared very well. I've never walked out of this place unsatisfied.The ambiance of the restaurant is somewhat romantic...the lighting is dim and the music puts you at ease...perfect to where you can hear the other party but not have to constantly be conversing to avoid awkward silences. My favorite item on the menu is the Black Cod Miso with Foie Gras. The dish is just delicious! The sauce is so addicting!!! Sweet but not too sweet where it overpowers the fish...I found myself dragging the last piece all over the plate to make sure that I had every last drop. Their desserts are also amazing. They serve Bubbies mochi icecream which is a popular brand that comes from Hawaii !! Their chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream is a must try for those who love chocolate!! The souffle is made to order and served hot fresh out of the oven. Out server always suggests this to us while we are ordering our main dishes so they they could get a head start.  It is perfectly gooey and lava like on the inside and crisp on the outside like a delicious souffle should be.They also had a wide variety of Sake to choose from if you enjoy that with your meal. Overall the service is fantastic. The food is impeccable. Sen of Japan just does it right. *****1030-130 happy hour!!!
5	Don't go NOBU" come here much better price and amount and taste!!!!! I guarantee you'!!!!!! Whenever I come Vegas this is my most favorite Japanese Restrant so far..... It's really good and attentive service by one of waitress  " Susie is such a great girl and cutie smile!
5	Hands down the best sushi in Vegas. The Black Cod Soy is perfectly seasoned and flakey. It melts in your mouth. The fish is the freshest that I have found in Vegas. While it is a bit pricey (especially compared to the AYCE places in town), it is worth every penny. Get any of the rolls with the spicy garlic ponzu sauce!! Or just let the chef choose for you. Either way, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
3	This place used to be great, but the quality is not what it used to be, and service is worse than ever. Food also takes way too long. With all the great new sushi restaurants that have opened in the past few years, this place is no longer a shining star.  It still is one of the better ones off the strip, but between the service issues , quality and the fact that the place is not very comfortable I'm downgrading it to 3 stars.
5	Dine here every time I get to Las Vegas. They just get better and better. Had to wait 10 min to be seated but was worth the wait. The crew is just wonderful. Forget the Strip, you want have great sushi go to Sen of Japan!
5	Yelper's, I thank thee!      We were visiting Red Rock Resort  for the weekend and were looking for a great sushi place.   We never would have discovered this jewel of a sushi place without you.This place is a solid 4.5 stars.Sitting at the sushi bar we had a great sushi chef, and an *incredible* server: on top of it throughout the night, and a fantastic personality and smile to boot.Our server recommended the [$20 daily special] bamboo carafe of sake  -- Wakatake Junmai Genshu.   It went down smooth....almost too smooth. :)     We ordered a couple of big bottles of beer as well.Our favorite roll, the #17 -- Spicy Spider Roll -- Yum!    As we ate it we thought "Where is the spipce"....but then, a minute or so after eating the first piece, we felt the nice afterburn. We had both the Albacore Salad and the Sashimi Salad; we really enjoyed them both.   Too bad the Albacore Salad didn't have as much sashimi as the sashimi salad; nonetheless it was damn tasty.The salmon sashimi was quite buttery and tasty as well.I tried a black cod appetizer in a lettuce leaf.... it reminded me of a savory fish taco where lettuce was used in lieu of a tortilla.  Thumbs up again.Place was a rock solid 5 until our last two orders.   We tried the special Kanpachi nigiri (with a garlic chip), of which neither of us cared for the texture of the fish.   We also tried the #1 roll, which was a bit disapppointing when it came to flavors.   Neither were bad, but they didn't hold a candle to the flavors and textures of stuff we had prior.Taking the last two orders into account along with the $116 pre-tip price tag, the place finished out as a very solid 4.5 stars.  And I am hit with the Yelper's dilemma, to round up or down:  I choose because of the excellent server and sushi chef who really made it an enjoyable time!As Arnold famously said "I'll be back!"
5	Came here for late night happy hour after reading so many positive yelp reviews about it.  Thanks guys! I've only ever ordered take out from here.  I found my new favorite late night place and it's close to home for me.  Woo hoo! The service was fantastic too!  Tomoyo was very personable,  knowledgeable, and attentive. Everything she recommended was very very good!  I eat a lot of Japanese food around town so I think it's safe to say I have a lot to compare with hehe. I like this place also because it's a bit of fusion. There are a few menus to choose from late night.  So we ordered away . EVERYTHING we had was incredibly fresh and extremely delicious!  Some items we ordered....Peppered albacore on the specials menu. Gotta try this if you're a fan of these two things.  Try it if you're not.  It comes with a butter sauce. The texture was so soft. It almost melts in your mouth. Asari (clam) miso soup.  It came with a few clams in their shell.  Very fresh and full of flavor. The clams really complemented their miso soup.Tamago sushi. You can tell a lot about a sushi place just by their tamago. Made in house and it was the right balance of sweet for the egg,  very fluffy.  They do it right. Kamasu nigiri.  Japanese barracuda.  On special guys., I don't see this too often.  Served with fresh wasabi olive oil. Incredible!  Soft in texture. Very fresh. I would highly recommend this if you like to try different nigiri or fish. A few from late night happy hour menu:Black cod lettuce cups.  Come on I couldn't pass this up after all you yelpers talked so highly of it.  And yes. It was as good as everyone says it is.  Must try.  Nice and light and packed with flavor. Tempura shrimp with orange aioli.  I'm not usually big on the mayo dishes but this was good.  It came cut into pieces and tossed in an orange aioli. Also had mandarin oranges in there, nice touch. Salmon carpaccio.  Wow! Buttery and super fresh pieces of salmon lightly seared on one side.  My picture down there was of it half eaten.  It's a great value on the happy hour menu.  Try it if you like salmon!We ordered much more than this! And we LOVED everything. (See receipt pic)Desserts were pretty epic! Out of the two we tried, both made in house ( see pics below) my favorite was the almond flanjipan with pineapple sorbet and mountain peach. It was hot and very moist.  reminded me of a pineapple upside down cake and flavored with almond extract. The tart sorbet balanced the sweetness of the cake.  Very well thought out dessert and flavor combination. I love how they offer mochi ice cream from Bubbies, Hawaii.  I'm from there and this is a popular local company back home. They make really great flavors. Had a great dinner and can't wait to come back again to explore and try more things on the menus! Hopefully I can catch our same server.
5	I love Sen of Japan. It has the freshest fish and they don't gouge you with Las Vegas off strip prices. The owner is always there and so attentive. Service is always wonderful. I'll try anything but my friend is kinda a pedestrian sushi eater; there is something for all tastes. Their uni is lovely, smooth and delicious. I'm always looking for an excuse to come here.
2	Its just OK. I like their variety in menu...and thats the only thing that i liked. I went late with my boyfriend for a late night dinner and the place wad empty ( should have known right then and there) i ordered a few things and as im eating i swear my waitress disappeared for a good 20 minutes. She didnt even give us soy sauce for our rolls and wasabi. (Screaming orgasm sauce? It was the worst ive ever had) anyhow im waiting there for my refill and no waitress for 20 minutes. The place was empty where was she? So i walk towards thw kitchen and i ask someone cleaning for the waitress and he asks me what do i need. Hahaha i need some SERVICE thats what i needed. I told the guy i wanted my check and as soon as i said that the waitress came to my table 3 times in 5 minutes. I was looking forward to this place but the service turned me off. We were the only table there but she couldnt even give us refills for 20 minutes and made us walk up to the kitchen guy for a refill and our check. Until i try again with a different waitress? Its just wasnt worth my money tonight.---- so i go again after about a month and a half since ive written the first part of this review. Same problem but much more wait. I took my own bottle of water this time so i wont go thirsty. I ordered a few things first and i added a bowl of rice. When she came i asked for a spoon since their rice got choppy cus it was old (i know this cus im asian and know exactly how rice should be) anyhow rice was fine but i just wanted a spoon to eat it with and no joke it took 15 minutes. There was one table other than mine and there were two servers. By the time she came with the spoon it was too late i got tired from the wait.It sucks that a place with such good tasting food has such low quality service. Sad tsk tsk.
3	Probably not much I can add that hasn't already been written, but after having been only one week into my visit I've already eaten at Sen of Japan twice with friends.We were in groups both times, and I got to sample many of the dishes on the menu. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars instead, because they did have some delicious dishes that are also beautifully presented and the service is mostly good, but the place seems inconsistent. One day the pork belly is fork-tender and the next visit it's brought to the table almost at room temperature, a bit stringy and difficult to take apart.  The sashimi and marinated fish dishes are mostly very good. Anything with yellowtail there is incredible and so is the filet mignon tataki. The giant maki rolls, especially ones with cooked elements, are hit or miss. They're showy and trying to give customers lots of variety, but it's overarching and tends to either miss the mark or just be a jumble of flavors that don't always work well together. The #16 roll (salmon tempura roll with seared scallops in mayo sauce) is a prime example. It was pretty bad.One friend who wasn't a fan of sushi but came along in the group ordered the filet mignon citrus soy and offered me a bit. The steak itself was good, but it was drowned in a goopy almost sickly sweet sauce that reminded me of bad teriyaki. A terrible thing to do to a fine cut of beef.As far as sushi restaurants in Vegas go, you could certainly do far worse. The quality is good overall and prices are reasonable for the food and experience. It's worth a try if you're visiting and want to go off Strip for dinner, if you're a local living on the Westside, it's a near-must. I'll likely return again, but now I know which dishes to probably stick to, and which ones I shouldn't bother with.
5	One word, OMAKASE! Everything was amazing, excellent food and great service. One of my fav sushi spots in LV
3	(NOTE - ALL prices listed are Late Night Happy Hour Specials Mon - Sat 10:30P - 1:30A)Black Cod Butter Lettuce Wrap - Baked black cod served on butter lettuce w/ crispy phyllo on top) - $2.95 - Overall pretty tasty. The cod was a bit small in comparison to the butter lettuce it sat in, so you get a lot of lettuce for little cod. Flavors were nice and the cod was cooked well. Salmon Carpaccio - Thinly sliced salmon sashimi w/ chives, sesame seeds, garlic and yuzu soy seared with hot sesame oil - $4.95 - surprisingly yummy. thin sliced pieces of salmon sashimi seared with hot sesame oil. gave a nice subtle flavor and aroma. HH No. 3 Roll - Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, serrano pepper - $6.90 - My friend and I were hoping this would be spicy due to spicy tuna and serrano pepper. We were wrong :( serrano pepper almost was like a bell pepper. added some flavor but mainly a crunch texture. spicy tuna wasnt spicy. Yellowtail Nigiri - $3.90 - fresh yellowtail nigiri. simply said. nothing too extraordinary. Salmon Nigiri - $3.40 - fresh salmon nigiri. same as yellowtailSpecial Garlic Yellowtail - forgot how much this costed but this peaked my friend and I's interest due to the garlic... XD To be honest, nothing that special. I didn't taste any garlic flavor or notice any garlic aroma... It almost seemed like a normal yellowtail nigiri with a ponzu sauce. As with all happy hours, prices actually rack up pretty fast. Pretty my friend and I, our meal was like $50 something bux. Not bad but i guess this style isnt my cup of tea... :P
4	Just awesome traditional and unique sushi!  Impeccable service, great Saki and menu items.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Every bite makes your tongue go wild!  The chefs are very creative in mastering their sushi and sashimi.This is by far my favorite restaurant... Ever...Always get their specials because it IS special...Tempura is so light and crispy..The almond dessert is worth the wait!  They also have a fabulous chocolate dessert.The service staff knows the menu very well and I love when they suggest different items for us to taste.
5	WOW! One of the best service I have ever experienced in my life! our server name was Nina, and she rocks! The ambiance at this place is great and defiantly a great place for business or an elegant night! This place is clean and has a great vibe, I will defiantly be coming back and spreading the word around town for this awesome sushi place!
4	Our servers name was Nina and she rocked! She knows her menu and truly knows how to make you feel like you came to the right place! Only this is waited a 12 minutes for one roll at the end but i understand kitxhen mistakes
1	Scam of japan. We were fed lies! I'm going to go ahead and swim against the tide on this one. This is not the first time that the ever so promising 4.5 star raving-review-average has steered us wrong. My boyfriend and I got here right at 10:30pm for the late night happy hour. The manager, who also happened to be the host sat us immediately and the server came up to us right away and took our order. Everything started off perfectly. Then came the wait. There were 3 sushi chefs on duty and the restaurant was far from full, but there was a decent wait time. I was in a fit of hunger, so we flagged down our waiter (who was sweeping) and asked him to add in 2 orders of miso soup, so that we can have while we wait for our food. He said sure and then went back to sweeping. (He was slow as molasses!) I kept thinking to myself, The food is going to come out before he ends up putting in the order for the miso soup - and what do you know, I was right. After some more waiting and looking around nervously, out comes our sushi orders and then the (slow as a slug) miso soup comes. Now, the annoyance of this was short lived and it was all forgivable (I was just crabby since I was hungry). The deal breaker for us was that the happy hour rolls we ordered were beyond basic. I could get better sushi rolls from a buffet on the strip! We ordered the HH No.2 roll and the Lisa Lisa roll. Sadly, they didn't even give us the right roll. Instead of the recommended Lisa Lisa roll, we were served the unagi roll. We ate it anyways since we didn't know any better (and I was starving). Hey, I get it, mistakes happen. But they were crazy basic, bland, and boring. They were not impressive or memorable. Both rolls were exceptionally dry and one noted. A plastic, chemical flavor permeated the garlic ponzu sauce, possibly from the container it was sitting in. The worst dishes we ordered had to of been the miso soup and the salmon carpaccio. Although we loved how the miso soup came out scalding hot, it was very sour. I've never in my life had a sour miso soup before, it left a terrible aftertaste. We both didn't finish it. The salmon carpaccio was delicate, yet offensively oily. Yes, they advertised that they use sesame oil in the dish, but that's all that we could taste. It did not compliment the salmon whatsoever. It coated our tongue and throats with oil and left such an unsettling feeling in our stomaches. We decided to politely but quickly cancel the rest of our orders - we couldn't eat anything else. The oil wrecked our palates.The servers were very timid and apologetic. They really didn't care to know what was wrong. Though, we felt it was necessary to explain to them our disappointment. They said sorry about that, disappeared for a little bit, and then they brought out our check. We could see the manager pacing back and forth and going about it like nothing happened.We paid our bill in a hurry and left over 75% of the eel roll, 60% of the #2 roll and 50% of our miso soup, when we walked out. There was a hefty amount of food that we left. (See picture). In the end we paid $33 for half of food we didn't eat and a stomach ache. We left unsatisfied and hungry, and we immediately drove to yummy sushi and grill. (We ended up spending $60 at yummy to get our fill, so, a grand whopping total of $100 for our dinner tonight - just because of our deplorable experience at Sen of Japan).We are not in any way trying to hitch a free ride or freeloaders, but we truly felt that the management was unexceptional. The manager was dodgy, didn't show any effort, or even try extend his hand to help alleviate the situation. He didn't even come to the table to talk to us. Instead, he just said sorry about that as we were already walking out the door. As I was already half way out the door (standing in the doorway with my hand holding the door open), he then quickly asked us what was wrong with our food. We politely gave him detailed feedback and explained our issues. His response? He just said sorry about that and then defended the dish, telling us that the dish was supposed to taste like sesame oil. Ha. I can't even. Too much disappointment for me to even continue. I would never expect to encounter such a poor experience from a highly rated, tried and true restaurant. To each his own.
5	Best sushi for the $ in all of Vegas.  The rolls were the most creative, and delicious I've had.  The service was also superlative, and we received many great recommendations on pairings, and never once had a moment where our needs weren't addressed before we even knew we had a need.  I've had better Toro before, but by and large, this place is a fantastic "off the strip" gem!
5	Always great! Interesting, creative menu, fresh fish, and really great sides/appetizers. A very dependable sushi spot: my favorite if I'm not looking to spend a ton of money on a kabuto type of experience. Very friendly, professional service. I think this place is great and would have no qualms about recommending it to anyone.
5	My boyfriend and I visit Vegas at least twice a year.  Last time was a few months ago and we were craving sushi.  Didn't feel like paying exorbitant prices on the strip so we yelped and up came Sen of Japan. The two of us started out ordering sushi (Nigiri mostly) off the menu and then we decided to switch over to Omakase (This is when you leave it up to the sushi chef as to what he serves you) which was the best decision!!  We didn't want any  food from the kitchen so we had the option of Nigiri or Sashimi and were able to switch it up between courses. We were served approx 5 pieces of Nigiri or Sashimi for each round and the plates were presented so beautifully with simple and complex flavors (fingerling limes, red wine vinaigrette, yuzu ponzu, etc) .  There was even an order in which to eat the sushi.  Our taste buds experienced something truly magical that night.  We have never had flavor profiles like that and the experience was like nothing else we have experienced.  The fish was also very fresh.  Prices were extremely reasonable!! I'd even say cheap!  This will be a staple on every Vegas Trip.  You locals are so lucky to have this place nearby!
1	We ate here last week. The restaurant has a great atmosphere but the sushi was horrible. The fish tasted old and dirty. I would not recommend this place.
5	Gourmet sushi off the strip.  The hours are incredible with it closing at 1:30 am on most nights.  Definitely my late night spot now that I have moved to Summerlin.  Definitely try the fluke with truffle oil.
4	I came with the ladies to cap off our very long day of hanging out with reverse happy hour. I've never been here and most of us girls haven't, but Christina was a regular.Miso black cod lettuce wrap had good flavor and the fish was nicely cooked. Only thing was the fish was piping hot so maybe rest so it doesn't sear the lettuce. Calamari oriental salsa- calamari was tender but only 4 pieces. I liked the bright citrusy salsa on this. Shrimp tempura orange aioli - this was similar to something I had at Nobu and was crunchy while with a creamysweet and tangy sauce. I think this was my favorite out of the HH items I ordered. Black snapper nigiri - the sauce overpowered it. It was too sweet for garlic soy.Eel roll - I just wanted something simple and this was standard, but good. Spicy salmon roll - again, just wanted something simple but the salmon in this was delicious. Christina kept trying to feed me some of the nigiri she ordered and some of them were amazing. The giant clam and kanpachi and lean tuna was among the stand outs. I was so so full. I think the price to quality ratio is pretty good here as I enjoyed my meal quite a bit. The service was pretty decent. My drink was refilled in a timely manner, plates were cleared and most of our food rolled to our table fairly swiftly. I didn't come here because I just figured it would be just alright and I'm not in this area often so I didn't come out my way to dine. However, this was a really positive experience so I will probably be coming in soon with the fiance and see what he thinks. I liked it quite a bit though.
5	Sen of Japan, I'm in love with you! I'm never disappointed with my dinner and every time I try something new I love it. The servers are amazing and are very knowledgable when it comes to making food and sake suggestions. I've done the omakase a few times, and let me tell you, DELICIOUS! The fish here is pretty damn fresh, the best sushi you can get off the strip. They definitely know what they are doing here.
4	Really impressed with this place. Food and service was great. Late night sushi starts at 10:30. Our waitress was really nice! Best waitress that we've had in a long time, wish I knew her name. A really nice and clean restaurant!
5	Hands down THE BEST sushi here in Vegas!!! I have been in Vegas since  1986 and no sushi place can even compare!!! Not only is the vast sashimi  and daijengo sake  selections (my spelling is off I'm sure) incredible but the service is awesome as well!!!
5	Just had another fantastic dinner at Sen of Japan!! My husband and I dine at this restaurant every week, sometimes twice. The fish is always fresh and there is quite a unique variety.  They offer many specials so the menu changes often. Sea bream with finger lime is one of my favorites, also the Toro is the best in town. The service is outstanding and they are always willing to accommodate your requests. We have many choices but SEN OF JAPAN is our favorite and the best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas !!!!! You will love the food.....
5	We were here for the first time and everything was excellent.   The sushi here are really fresh and tasty.  My friend ordered a bowl of hot soup with noodles and eggs and it was delicious.  We also ordered the cold noodles and my husband and I didn't like as much as the hot one, but it was a good experience.  The rolls are very good.  The waitress was friendly and helpful.  This place is expensive, but it worth every penny.  The desserts here are okay.  Nothing special.  Overall, my husband and I loved this place and we will be back everytime we in Vegas.  Highly recommended this place.
5	Chef's special made for one of the Top 5 sushi meals I've ever had.And at entirely reasonable prices!Definitely worth the long drive off the strip
5	This place has been amazing for my husband and I so far.. Their sushi Chef Sonny was amazing. He knew I loved sashimi style food more so he was really great at suggesting some dishes for us. Tried so many of their special rolls and sashimi from their happy hour menu and their month specials. We will have to go back there for more in the next week or so. Service was also great and couldn't ask for better!
5	One of my favorite sushi places in Vegas.  Great food, affordable prices(for what it is..  compared to places like nobu) and great consistent service.
5	A great getaway from the crowds, smoke, craziness and the prices on the Strip. This place is located in a quiet residential mini-mall, a 15 minute drive from all the action. It is a popular place and you may have to wait in line on weekends. Great place to meet locals. The service was top notch as was the food but of course you'd expect that from a world-class chef.I wanted to try the Kobe beef udon with foie gras but it wasn't available. Sen of Japan is the reason you'd want a car in Vegas.
5	What an experience! 6 course omakase is definitely the best way to get an understanding of the restaurant's breadth of culinary finesse and included 3 raw courses, clam miso soup and a succulent filet Mignon. Nigiri and sashimi was fresh and artful. Plus great ambiance and superb service.
4	Located on the westside way up by Desert Inn and Durango Sen of Japan is cool find. The restaurant is big with plenty of room but with minimal decor and hard chairs.We ordered two of the Omakase $52 and some sushi items. The Omakese was good except for the generic fish that came with the sushi course. The last course of molten chocolate cake was excellent.
5	Everything was delicious! Loved the #5 roll and the eel roll with kiwi and mango, #20 I think? Great attentive service!
5	Great service!!  Great food.  The best part is they are open so late!  I think they are open till 2am or so.  I have been back several times and their food is always consistent.Can't wait to go back again.
