5	This is a great place if you love good beer.  And life is too short to drink bad beer!  They have a great selection of bottles that you can purchase and drink in the bar, or take out in a mixed 6 pack.  They also have a rotating menu of beer on draft.   This is not a bud light drinker's bar. They have great pizzas also.
4	Papago completely rocks. They adhere to the philosophy that yellow fizzy beer is for wussies. They have 30 taps and 2 casks, all devoted solely to good beer, both local and imported. Papago makes several of its own beers, harkening back to when it first opened and was a combination homebrew supply store and bar. Their own beers are great, but you also really get some treats and amazing beers on their other taps -- it changes weekly, so check out  their website (http://www.papagobrewing.com/) for the latest. In addition, they carry over 400 different bottled beers, which you can buy and then drink there in the bar. The first year that they were open, they used to offer "Beer Education 101" classes, which were really awesome, I became an expert in a variety of beer styles in a short time period. I also was exposed to so many of Arizona's microbrews -- who knew? You'd think this was Boulder, CO or something with all the great brewing around here. Though it's changed since becoming a brewpub and lost a little of its educational focus, it's still my favorite pub in the whole world. I don't live there anymore, but I've been known to drive to AZ just for a beer run at Papago.
4	I love the Papago Peak brewery. What the other reviewers put about their stock of tap & bottled beer is true. And the food is great too.Papago generally attracts an older (25-40) crowd, which is nice. My only complaint about Papago is that it has bare floor & walls and it tends to get very LOUD in there. Not a place to go for intimate conversation, you kinda have to shout to be heard. But it's all worth it!!
4	If you don't have a healthy appreciation for good quality beer, you won't appreciate all that this place has to offer. They have a huge selection of beers on tap and over 400 beers in a bottle. One of my favorite things about this place is that they leave empty six packs next to the cooler of bottled beers so you can mix and match any combination of their bottles for eight bucks. Not bad, considering the rarity of some of those bottles. The food is good but not outstanding, but the beer is enough to get me in the door and keep me for a while.
5	this is a great little bar hidden in a funny little strip mall- there used to be, or still might be a goofy hip hop dance club nearby, which is great for laughs as you're coming or going.tons of beers on tap and even more in a convenience store like, in-wall refrigerated area across from the bar. pick out one and ring it up and put in a glass, or pick a beer on tap.lots of space to spread out and eat, watch a game or play cards. big plus, this place has a bunch of board games to bust out while you enjoy your brew. ***Update:i feel obligated to note that this place is LOUD. i just went this weekend to meet up with some friends, and it was not just busy loud, but kinda hurts my eardrums the way the accoustics work in here loud. oh, and Club Rain (the goofy hip hop club) is still there, but i saw no one coming or going, so perhaps it got raided.
4	What can I say.  Great beer, and darts.It's a little difficult to find at first, but this great little hole in the wall is surprisingly spacious inside.  With large chunky wood tables, and chairs, 30 beers on tap (Their motto is No Crap on Tap) and several hundred more in the cooler across from the bar.If you like beer, you'll love this place.  If you don't like beer it's because you haven't tried enough :).  Papago will most likely have something you would like.Only complaint is there isn't one in North Phoenix!!
4	The Orange Blossom Papago micro-brew is a pint-sized orgasm complete with violent shaking, left leg twitching and screaming out the Lord's name.   If I were doing marketing for Papago, I would adopt an ad campaign centered around the orange blossom:"Orange Blossom, it'll keep you coming (back)."I also enjoyed the Oregon-made Rogue Brown Ale.   I've never had it on draft, but it rules.  Papago is very reasonably priced and has some tasty, high-carb appetizers.  I enjoyed the wings, pretzels and beer bites.   They were all good but not amazing.Four stars rather than five since they don't serve burgers.  What brewery doesn't serve burgers?  I don't know the answer...because I'm still hung-over.  God bless the orange blossom, my legs are weak still.
4	Not the most comfortable seats in town, but this place is great. If Yardhouse didn't exist, this would be one of the only places in town to get your imported beer fix. They have a huge selection of beers - better than Yardhouse actually... the only thing they don't have is 100 beers on tap. They do change out their tap selections every so often, so it's worth frequenting for the beer connoisseur.They have some really tasty food as well... beer bites and sliders and pizza on the top of the list. They have a good jukebox, darts and a bunch of board games and whatnot. It's a fun place to go with friends... it's not always really loud either so you can have a conversation. They sell some wines as well as a multitude of fantastic imported beers from around the world in bottles from glass-front refrigerated display cases. You can basically use this as a liquor store if you don't have time to stay. This place does also function as a brewery as the name suggests... they make some good ones too. I much prefer this place to Four Peaks - by a mile... They sometimes do promotions and raffles which is fun. Locals and regulars hang out here, but they aren't too territorial. The service is probably one of the only shortcomings of this place... it's not that they have bad service, it's just that it's difficult to get any sometimes... particularly when it's busy. They can't seem to keep up sometimes - it's hit or miss. The people that work here are pretty cool though, so most people just overlook this.
4	Papago Brewing Company is wonderful! It is a smaller version of the Bier Stein in Eugene, OR (they have 900 beers). The Thai Chicken Pizza was very good- thai peanut sauce, red onions, chicken and cheese. Yum. With 30 beers on tap and another few hundred in bottles to choose from, there is something for everyone. I didn't like how it seemed to be a sports bar, but when you live in the desert, I guess watching sports is what you do. Several small TVs and one large projection screen were showing a divisional championship game last night. It wasn't an overall roudy group, but there were a few loud moments.The real entertainment was at the table next to mine, where 3 bros were having a boys night out. One kept getting up and going outside to make phone calls (I decided he was calling his ex), while the other two made comments about every girl that came in with a guy. "I just don't get it bro, that girl is cute... and look who she came in with."Overall Papago Brewing Co. is a very nice place, if not a little loud. I will definitely be going back.
4	This place was pretty great.  It was nice to see a place similar to The Beer Stein, although it was basically only it's little brother.  The food was good and the beer selection was pretty decent as well.  They had Red Bach, which surprised the hell out of me.  Hadn't seen that since Oregon.  The crowd of course was more so a college crowd, Arizona State is just up the street.  But it wasn't too overbearing.  Overall though, not a bad place.
5	About the only pock i can punch into Papago's reputation is their pizza.  While its not really that bad, I expected MUCH better from a place that delights the senses in every way.Their Orange Blossom Hefe is mental.  I'm not even a very big fan of Hefe, but this stuff is on point. They also consistently have a Porter, which is my favorite.Then you can pull one of their bottled beer outta their fridge, take it up to the counter to have them pop the cap, and have at it.  Its a killer concept when you can't wait for the waitress to give you the go on a Lost Coast, or whatever.Also, they have Beamish on tap, which maybe one or two other places in Arizona have on tap.  Certainly not places that should have it *cough*SeamusandRula*clearsthroat*Sometimes if find bar decor really hokey, and though they play up their Belgian theme, it really looks great here.  With their giant monk overlooking his abbey and the aged picnic tables as gathering spots, the feeling is that you are in a tavern in Liege and not the world's snootiest suburb.I might also add that their tent at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival is the dominant one of the lot.
4	GAMES..... lots of GAMES.... we played Scrabble.  I won!  Wow!  The Hefeweizen was the BEST I'd ever had... like an orange creamsickle... yum!The waitress went all agro on some of my friends who had table service and apparently someone forgot to pay or pay tip.  It was an accident and we were trying to fix it and she was getting like, psycho but acting like she didn't care and it was no big deal.  For that I have to remove a star.But I'd go back!
5	I am a firm believer that food is life...and so is beer.  Papago is my mecca and I try to make my pilgrimages as often as possible...Once every two weeks for the last 3 years counts!Beer:  30 on tap, 100's in the fridges, you can't go wrong!  You must drink the following before you die...Hop Dog, Hop Father and the Hop Juice.  They are all made right there and are a sheer vision of hop-y beauty!  Can't take the hops?  Go with the Weihenstephaner in bottles...This beer has been brewed since 1040 AD...Yes, 1040 AD!  Almost a thousand years and they have it down pat!Food:  Beer bites, Beer-B-Que pizza, and the sliders...All are must-eats and are perfect for the beer munchies...You know what I mean!Games:  Yes, there's scrabble, trivial pursuit, but it's all about the real dartboards!  I am all about darts and this place is perfect to play with a friend or challenge some new ones...PS - Become a monk club member...Saves a dollar on all taps and plus you get the cool mugs!
4	This is a solid four star establishment if you are coming for the beer selection and atmosphere. I have to minus 1/2 star for confusing service...we had three different people wait on us and at one point the one waitress forgot that we had placed an order with her (luckily she had rang it in, but still). I also have to minus 1/2 star for the food that we ordered. We had the chicken quesadillas and bruschetta. The chicken quesadillas were good in the fact that they had a lot of chicken meat, which was tasty. Other than that, they were incredibly blah. There was barely any cheese on them and some green chiles. The plate didn't even have lettuce or tomatoes on it. The bruschetta was not spectacular at all...in fact it had way too much garlic on it which overpowered everything else.Onto the good stuff...great beer selection! There are tons of beers on tap from a nice variety of breweries, but the main attraction seems to be the enormous selection of bottled beer. You can pick one out to drink there or you can take it to go. We didn't try any of the bottled beers this time, but next time we definitely plan to. Since I was driving, I was boring and just had an 8th Street Ale. My husband tried two different beers, but unfortunately I don't remember the names. One was a stout that he enjoyed very much...it was really smooth and had a really nice creamy aftertaste. The other beer he tried was an Irish ale, but it was not very enjoyable at all, which disappointed us.  Prices were incredibly moderate and for three beers and the two appetizers, our bill without tip was $29.There is nothing flashy about Papago Brewing Co...it's in a strip mall like everything else seems to be in Arizona and the sign on the front is pretty small, so you may drive by it while looking for it like I did. The inside is wood and dimly lit with a large TV screen and two smaller TVs (thankfully they had basketball on!). The jukebox has a very large selection (bonus points for having Dropkick Murphys) and has a great mix of the cheesy songs you love to sing along to, as well as current artists and songs.  There is also a selection of board games that you can play while drinking and hanging out, which is a nice touch.
4	Overall it's a nice neighborhood pub.This place has a ridiculously large selection of bottled beer (in huge refrigerated cases for you to marvel at). The food is above average pub fare. The atmosphere is very casual (clean but not impressive). It can be challenging finding this place hidden away in a gigantic shopping plaza. I say if you live in the area - it's definitely worth a visit. If you don't - save your gas money.
4	I'm not going to lie to you.  If you are a true beer lover, it's hard not to spring wood while gazing at the glass-door refrigerated cases FULL of hundreds of different types of bottled beer.  If draft beer is more your style, just turn around and check out the 30 or so beers on draft.  This might be the beer Mecca of the valley.I cannot comment on the food, since I have never eaten here.  It's a very chill place full of people from all walks of life just enjoying themselves.  There are a couple of pool tables and a dart board for those of you that want to do more than just drink.  You might also try your hand at Scrabble and Trivial Pursuit too.  There are a few TVs as well, but only one that I would consider large screen.  This joint is extremely casual and a little tough to find in the shopping plaza (I drove by it three times my first time there), but once you are inside you will be glad you made the trip.
4	Only a few things in life really, really excite me to where I kick my legs up or clap my hands with glee. Having Rogue's Hazelnut Brown on tap is one of them. Here, at Papago Brewery, they call this beer "nectar." I call it "the beer that started it all." That is, I was always interested to check out this place, but I was never more sold until I heard they sold Rogue here. REALLY?! Yes, really. So, guess what I ordered? Uh-huh. My beer buddy had the Sunshine from New Belgium (also good). Our first server was a nice, curly-haired lad, although he seemed to be sleep-walking. Our second was a friendly tattooed man who reminded us of Dave Navarjo. Having heard I wanted to try one of Papago's own, he brought out four - count them! - four samples for me to try. I went with the Red Ale, for it was the best out of the bunch. Not that the others were lacking. They were all good, but the Red Ale surpassed them all. Did I mention there was also a young lady helping us? Yep, so in actuality, we had THREE people at Papago taking care of us. Where else is that gonna happen?So, my friend and I chatted, enjoyed our beers and gazed lovingly at the refrigerated shelves of beer mecca. You see, here at Papago, you can get some to go. Or, if nothing on tap fancies you, you can select from the stock on shelf and have it right at your table. YOU HEARD ME! This is a wickedly cool idea. After my friend and I shared the Beer-B-Que pizza, which uses Hazelnut Brown to make the sauce, I selected some beer to go. The Rogue selection here is great. They even had Monk Madness, which you can't find at BevMo. I snatched that up. I should have gotten Rogue's Red Ale, too. Instead, I took up the $8.50 for 6 12oz bottles of American beer. That's mix-and-match, folks. That's another amazing thing about Papago Brewery. Our server (the DN look-alike) was helpful in suggesting ales for me to try. That was appreciated, for he already sort of had an idea of what I gravitated toward, based on my earlier orders. I ended up walking away with a variety 6-pack and large bottle of Monk Madness, which costs only $4.69. Talk about a steal! So, yes... Papago Brewery, you sure got my attention! Rogue Beer on tap and for sale. Not to mention they also had Rare Vos and Three Philosophers - two New York beers I haven't seen on sale anywhere else (unless you count The Lost Leaf). DON'T GET ME STARTED on the many others I've seen here that I haven't seen anywhere else... including a Japanese label I am curious to try.So, while the decor may be lacking and there was no music playing the entire time we were there, I am giving Papago Brewery my seal of approval. Let's re-cap (or uncap, if you will) the awesomeness:*Attentive, fast and knowledgeable service*Hazelnut Brown on tap!!! *Beers by the bottle for sale - to drink in the bar or take home*An enormous selection of beer available (like Rogue!)*Good prices and tasty bar foodI will definitely be back!PLEASE NOTE: The crowd can be a strange mix of people. And the place can get LOUD! I don't know if it's the acoustics of the venue or if the patrons there just like raising their voices. Either way, I prefer to go earlier in the day, as opposed to later. If you go, you'll see what I mean.
4	FOOD: I tried the T-Rex (meat lovers pizza), and it was scrumptious. The Thai Peanut Sauce Pizza was a little weird, yet still tasty in its own way, and I could only handle one slice before growing tired of peanut sauce.  The Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza was also pretty good. The highlight of the menu was the beer. The Elsie's Irish Cream, a milk stout, was one of the best stouts I've had (better than the Left Hand Stout). It had a strong coffee flavor but in a good way (I don't drink coffee). The Orange Blossom (mandarin orange hefeweizen) was the best Hefeweizen I've ever had, and I generally don't like Hefeweizens. The orange flavor definitely made that drink more than tolerable. I tried several other beers from Papago's own brewery, and the rest seemed  good. They have dozens of bottled beers in the fridges along the walls. But I never got a chance to try any of them. PRICE: Around $5 per beer on tap. Personal pizzas were $9 and large pizzas that could feed 2-3 people were $18. Appetizers were around $5. ATMOSPHERE: Pretty neat place. Funny statues, tvs, darts and all wooden furniture. Drawbacks are very small tables, uncomfortable chairs, odd layout, and almost too loud at times. SERVICE: The place seemed a little understaffed at times. We would be helped my a couple employees throughout the night as one would have to run behind the bar to make drinks or clean. All the servers were very nice and patient, but seemed to be a little overwhelmed and, thus, forgot to bring me a drink I ordered. SKINNY: Papago Brewing Company Inc has its pros and cons, but overall its a good place. I would definitely go there for the beer, while the pizza is good but nothing to rant about. Some may disagree with me, but I still prefer Tempe's own Four Peaks. I feel Four Peaks' food is better, better seating, and the beers are just as good as Papago's flavors. Don't let this comparison discourage you! Papago's is still a good place to drink and eat.
4	Can I give 2 different rankings for this place? 5 for the take out beer selection, and 3 for the actual pub. :) Yes, I said take out beer. It could be the coolest thing since drive thru liquor stores (yes they had these in the Midwest)  I suggest just heading right to the enormous cooler and selecting from a wide range of micro beers to take home with you. You can choose from Brown bomber bottles, (22oz) to a mix and match 6 pack. The 6 pack costs you 8.50, which is super cheap cheap (what is their a bird in here?)  They have the best selection in the area (even better than BevMo) and they have better prices than this macro-chain store. Besides you are supporting a local place, how cool is that? If you decide to stay you can just open your bottle and sit and drink as much as you like. The atmosphere is OK, it's a bit loud and a little bright inside, but you get an eclectic mix of people to watch. Overall I'd recommend just buying and fleeing, but if you decide to stay, you'll have darts and a large screen projection television to keep you busy. I'd say this is my new place of choice to buy my precious precious beer.....
4	The man and I stopped in here last night.  We were starving and beer and pub food sounded just right.I didn't know what I wanted to drink, but I wanted to try something different.  Jeff, our server, helped me out by asking what I like (I typically drink amber ales and some lighter beers that aren't too hoppy) and he brought out a sample of Boont Amber.  It was really delicious, but I was in the mood for something a little lighter.  This time he came back with Wittekerke, a light Belgian Witbier.  It was very tasty and I went with that and my guy got the Orange Blossom Hefe which was excellent also.The food seems to be centered around the pizzas.  Since we were starving and pizzas require 25 minutes (as stated on the menu) we opted for some sliders and a chicken quesadilla.  The sliders were just so-so for me.  They were hard to bite with the meat being so thick and it also wasn't easy to get a bite without having to eat the whole beef piece.  The quesadilla could have been the best I've had - especially with their homemade salsa on the side.  They had other apps and some sandwich selections, but it would have been nice to see a few burgers on there.  Maybe they don't have the equipment.  Who knows...The only slight bummer was the service.  Service for beer was fantastic, but the service for food was only so-so.  It was a pretty low key Wednesday night with not many patrons and it took a while to get a food order in.I love how you can shop from the fridge and even get half gallons of their own brews to go.  They carry the Ephemere Apple which I tried a while ago and enjoy also.  The 30 beers on draft can change daily, so there is always something new to try.  There are an enormous amount of brew options and I can't wait to go back and check 'em out.
5	If you know good beer you know that it is hard to find in the bud light / tecate mecca of the world. Phoenix is not a hot spot for craft beer. Papago is one of the few places you can go and not find a majority of shwill. I love the selection and it is always changing. The food I will give 3 stars but the beer and what they represent gets 5. I love the feel of this place and if you go solo you are bound to meet someone that if anything can offer a good conversation. Not to mention its nice to support the little guy!
5	The beer capital of the Phoenix Metro area!  It's tough for me to drive from Ahwatukee to Scottsdale these days, with gas prices and all, but Papago is worth the trip every time.Atmosphere: Aesthetically, it's pretty standard.  The countless tap handle ornaments are fun to look at if you're a beer nut.  Otherwise, it's your standard "dive bar" style tables, bar tops, and bar.  Where it really shines is the knowledgeable staff and the salivation inducing beer refrigerators.  I can't help but grab 3 or 4 beers in a to-go box every time.  Plus, the patrons are usually friendly beer people, so you can strike up a good conversation.  You don't get too many stuck ups here.Beer/Food:  This is the deal maker.  The tap list is killer and updated on their website every couple days. Plenty of my favorite Belgians and many more American and German craft brews.  The food is more than decent for bar food.  The pizza is excellent, but order early, as they take about half an hour.  I get the Margarita pizza every time.Overall, an awesome place to get some rare beers on tap.  5 stars
4	Mandarin Heffeweissen and Thai pizza keep me coming back and also the fact that its just down the street from me. I recently went back because I heard they finally fired the two worst waitresses in the world. The food is inconsistent, but they have a fantastic revolving beer selection with many import beers on tap.On a fun side note; My wife won a signed copy of a Ween (the greatest band of all time) live concert DVD by Gene and Dean Ween there on my birthday.
4	Do you like beer?  Then this is your place!  A great selection of beers from around world grace their menu.  I had two terrific belgian beers and my girlfriend had a mandarin hefeweisen. Do you like pizza?  Then this is your place!  It's yummy yummy.Possibly the biggest drawback to Papago is that it is loud here--listening to your dining companions can be quite a challenge.  But you'll probably be drinking so much brew it won't matter much.
4	So what if the bartender forgot our food order? - it was still a cold tasty pint and a great "locals" vibe.  Great selections on tap and a cooler full of enough bottles that made even this seasoned drinker feel like he's only tapped the surface.
4	Love it!  Papago's got a top-notch beer selection.  Best of all, they're really great about letting you taste a beer that you've never tried.  Because they don't carry the standards, it's a great way to educate people about new and unique beers.  The food is pretty darn good.  They offer a decent variety of items so you can get something other than fish 'n chips (ie: generic pub food).  The staff is great.  This place is like Cheers for enablers.  Whenever I'm in town, I stay at the Best Western Papago which is located conveniently across the parking lot.  So convenient.This is a great example of Arizona's developing craft-beer culture, and while I haven't spent a ton of time in Arizona, I get the feeling that these guys have been around for a while...so, way to go.
4	Woo Loo Loo!It's official. I'm now a part of the Monk's Club. I'm stoked! Wait, who says that? I'm totally showing my age, huh?I love beer!
4	As a self proclaimed beer aficionado, this place has pretty good selection of bottle beers, ranging from microbrews from the states and more harder to get European beers. Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place. As far as the bar offerings, the menu is simple, but pretty solid for bar food. Pizzas are good, sandwiches are good. Make your own 6-pack for $8.99 is a pretty good deal if you pick standard 12oz bottles of "non-speciality" beers. But my expensive tastes cost me $22 for a 6 pack...
4	Anytime anyone tells me they like "good beer" I bring them here. That is, if they haven't already been. There is an impressive assortment beer and fermented drinks here. The make your own 6 pack bit is awesome. The rotating tap is a winner as well. Their food is above average quality bar food. I can vouch for the sliders and potato salad as its what I always get but their personal pizzas and sandwiches always look and smell appetizing. I appreciate the vibe at this place. The staff is friendly and attentive. No Scottsdale snootiness or Tempe douchyness (usually) and they have plenty of seating and a good assortment of board games and the like the play. Really their motto says it all: "No crap on tap!"
5	I recently took a cross country road trip and plotted out a few brewpubs to visit on beermapping.com.  I must say, I was EXTREMELY glad I stopped here.This is what I think of when I think of a good brewpub.  Heck, even if this place didn't serve there own beer I'd come here often.  They had a knowledgeable staff who were around quite often to get our orders.  I never had an empty glass, which makes this beer fan very happy.I didn't get to try too much of their food, but looking at other people's orders I could tell it was pretty good bar fare with a few twists.  I had the pizza bites which my friend and I fell in love with.  They were crispy, flavorful, and absolutely awesome.  Their beer is what I came for and it didn't disappoint in the slightest.  The best one I tried was their cask coffee stout.  It was VERY creamy and the coffee flavor was noticeable, but not overpowering.  I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have a sampler for their beers, but I did my duty and had a full glass of each of their own.  Very good stuff.They are a bottle shop as well, which means you can buy individual bottles of a huge selection of beer.  And as previously stated, the staff was very knowledgeable.  I asked about Flemish Sour ales and it turned out they not only knew what they were, but had two I could purchase and take home with me.  Excellent!The seating was pretty awesome as well, there were tables all over and a great use of space.  There was this odd bar like thing that ran through the center of the building and in one corner they had a huge pile of board games stacked.  I like the way these people think!  There's nothing like kicking back with some friends and a brew while playing games.The feel of the place was that of a local hangout, which personally I feel the most comfortable around.  Honestly, I'm a little jealous that I don't live in Phoenix so that I could come here more often.  I will be making a point to stop here everytime I drive through though.  I HIGHLY recommend this brewpub.
5	Wine snobs need not enter.  This place is not for you.  I've been coming here for awhile, and Papago is the BEST place in the valley to get the best beers.They do their own beer & keep it on tap, which is great.  Plus, they'll spend as much time as you want talking to & educating you on their various styles on tap.  The folks at Papago also showcase other great brews on tap.Papago also has roughly 400 different bottled beers in coolers.  If you ever wanted to really explore different beers from the country and Europe, you can really go at your own pace here.  I don't think I've found a better selection of beers.  As a bonus, you can get 6-packs to go!The best part of the place is the atmosphere.  It is definitely a beer bar - not overly crowded, relaxed, games lying around, random stuff at the front of the bar.  You can just sit, savor and relax here.  A long time ago, they didn't have a kitchen & let you order in Pizza & stuff, but their kitchen does make some tasty food now.Papago is one of the best gems in the valley, and they serve some great beer!  It is worth the trip.
3	Quirky and fun, with some of the best beer selection in Phoenix.So if I liked it so much, why only 3 stars? Because of the food. Seriously. That's the only problem with the place. Sure, it's busy as hell and they don't take reservations -- another slight knock -- but I don't really think that's what you come here for.No, you come here for the beer. And they probably have it. If not on tap, then from a huge selection of bottles. It's a place for beer lovers. Pure and simple.
4	Holly T got it right in 2006.  The WA & CA crew minus HT were recently there for Happy Hour and wholeheartedly agree for $3.71 and the appropriate glass!!!
2	Best beer selection in Arizona but the good features end there.  It's the only reason I return and put up with the following.  Service is often horrible, even during the day when there are few patrons.  Often you have to go up to the bar to order even when there is a server in your section.  It makes no sense that a mug of beer should be empty for more than 10 minutes before it is noticed.Food is subpar and wouldn't get such a pass from most people if this place didn't have the beer.  Prices are reasonable.  Website is often inaccurate re: what is actually on tap.
5	Worth a visit for the take home beer selection. I found the (bottled) beers super exciting- They had Aventius Eisbock in bottles and ready for take home enjoyment. Also, Bear Republic and Eel River. The food was pretty good- huge bavarian style pretzels are always great with beer. Our service was good, even on a Friday night. The house brewed beer was not my favorite, but with all the other selections available, drinking something different did not prove a problem.
5	Quite simply THE place in the metro Phoenix area for beer lovers.  The Pizza and sandwiches are great and the food in general is definitely high quality and well thought out, but it is the 30 constantly rotating beers on tap that bring the craft beer nerds from miles around.  Seems more crowded on Friday and Saturday nights but otherwise not too busy.  Unfortunately they do not open until like 2pm so don't drive all the way over there for a quick lunch.
4	Who knew that Papago Brewing was hiding in the Papago Plaza just a couple of miles from where i live?  Not me!  I met my new friend Brian M at Papago Brewing Company for a beer yesterday (Friday) around 5pm.  He was sitting at the bar waiting for me when I walked in... and just as I sat down next to him, Jess (the friendly bartender) came over to see what I was drinking.  I told her what I liked, and she brought me a cool tall glass of Orange Blossom, a light American Wheat Ale flavored with Mandarin Orange and Vanilla.  They compare it to a liquid old fashioned creamsicle.  It hit the spot and believe it or not, it gave me a nice buzz too!  Yes, I am a light weight!Jess also brought over a sample of a black cherry beer that I cannot for the life of me remember the name of.  It was sweet and delicious.I'm not a huge beer drinker, but after seeing Beer Wars and now seeing the variety of craft beers that Papago has to offer, I may become one soon.  Well - maybe I should wait until after the wedding - a beer bellied bride probably wouldn't be so cute?!The beer selection for take out is awesome too - next time I need to bring beer somewhere, I'll head to Papago for sure!  If you're looking for a comfortable place to go have a beer, head to Papago... tell Jess I say hello!
4	If you're a beer lover, you'll love Papago Brewing company!With approximately 30 beers on tap and hundreds more in their fridge wall, Papago has a beer for everyone. The tap beer selection is also rotated weekly, with new, special and seasonal brews making their appearance all the time.The inside decor is also very cool, lots of wooden, log cabin-esque seating and decorations, with hundreds of different tap handles stored in the overhead wooden beams.If you want to play a game of darts, they've also got you covered with 2 dartboards near the entrance.Downsides to the place include that there is no "free" music playing nonstop. To get some good tunes, you'll have to pay up to the Juke box monster, which can be pricey (I paid $1 for one song last time). You'll also want to get some music going because the place can get very loud with people talking when the place is crowded.The food is decent, we enjoy the beer bites and the pizzas. Downside is that food isn't served all night, so get your order in before the kitchen closes.Overall, if you enjoy a wide selection of good beers and a casual place to hang out, definitely check out Papago brewing company with some friends.
4	The very best thing about Papago Brewing Company is...their muffuletta sandwich which is worth the stop all by itself. You thought I was going to say the thousands of different beers (estimate only...they have 500 taps lining the walls and plate rails, and a cooler the size of semi trailer filled with different kinds of beer...including some that I can only guess at...cherry red beer...really?...people seemed to like it:)The muffuletta sandwich originated at the beginning of the 20th century at Central Grocery, in Nawlin's and has been described as "one of the great sandwiches of the world"...I would be the very last person to disagree with that:)I have been known to get off the plane in the Big Easy and go directly to Central Grocery to get one of these bad boys.The Beautiful Carin and I headed to PBC the other day for lunch...I did think about having a beer, but the selection is almost overwhelming! If I had been in the mood, they are nice enough to let you sample a few different varieties, so you can kind of figure out what you might enjoy. But, I was not in a "beer" mood and the single malt scotch selection at PBC leaves something to be desired.But, boy that muffuletta sandwich...good stuff! The key to a good muffuletta is the olive salad, and they make (or buy...I have no idea, I just know that it's good) a nice olive salad here:)In addition to the olives, carrots, celery, etc., they have added a little extra zip to the salad with, apparently, pepperoncini's! Genius!!The whole thing is assembled on a round Italian roll (interestingly enough, called a muffuletta:) and toasted so the provolone melts a little...delightful!We liked the atmosphere at PBC...lots of wood beams and paneling...it looks like the basement rec room/bar of a friend of my dad's...circa 1962:)The service was pretty decent...reasonably prompt and certainly friendly and pleasant, and Carin liked her club sandwich, too!I think we'll go back and give the beers a try one of these first days (maybe even the cherry red foamy thing:)...but man, it'll have to come with a muffuletta sandwich!
5	Easily one of the best beer bars I've ever been to.  Excellent selection on tap and in bottles, and a knowledgeable staff.Even though the food was just all right and my friend got cut off/kicked out - I can't give it any fewer than 5 stars.  I just wish I lived closer, you know?
4	First thing's first. The beer selection is great, both the bottles and the tap collection. The bar gets 4 stars for the beer selection alone. Food: not so good. Belgian pizza is actually good, other than the pizzas the food is BOGUS. The best food here is in liquid form (the beer). Eat before or after, but I would not try much other than the pizza. I swear the wings were out of a microwave....If the food was as good as say, 4 Peaks, this would be a 5 star review. The beer alone is enough for this place to get 4 stars though....
5	Easily, the best beer bar you can find in Arizona. All they serve is beer I believe, no wine or liquor. But they have a great beer selection whether you're looking for fresh draft beer or something in a bottle (7- or 8-door cooler) to drink in-house or take home.The taps constantly rotate and new beers are put on every time a keg runs out. They brew many beers themselves as well. I've tried many of them and they're all fantastic. You can find some pretty special/rare beers on tap here occasionally as well.The food is great. "Beer bites" go well with any beer. The pizza is good as well as the wings.The service can lag, even during the daytime. Those are usually the times I go since it's happy hour and less crowded. I know that Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights can get pretty packed. The atmosphere is much better than it used to be before the non-smoking ordinance was passed. There are a few dartboards and TV's all over the place as well as a large projection screen. The staff is willing to change to any channel you prefer.Overall, very fair prices, great beer selection, and some good eats. You definitely have to check this place out. It's a little hard to find, hidden in the Papago Plaza strip mall at Scottsdale Rd & McDowell, but it's located in the middle of all the stores with small, blue, cursive print.
3	The beer selection here is amazing, and the Orange Blossom is to die for.  The food is not bad, some better than others.  However, there is one consistent problem with this place.   I have taken groups there several times, and despite the fact that many people pay cash as their orders arrive, they never get taken off the tab.  The last folks there ALWAYS get stuck with a huge bill.  We have disputed bills, and had corrections made, but the fact that this has happened almost EVERY time makes me think it is the policy of the wait staff.   Go to Papago,  ENJOY the beer, food and atmosphere,  but PAY CASH.  Never, never, never run a tab.
4	as i write this, my head is still a little fuzzy from my visit last night. that was my fourth (among hundreds to come) visit to this smallish relaxing bar, and i have never had the same beer twice! (except for the orange blossom) they have 30 or so beers on tap all the time and the lineup changes every night. on top of that, they have about 12 wall coolers full of more beer than a bevmo. if you enjoy yourself a beer that you can't find at  7-11, than this is your place. the staff has always been very fast and laid back, and the decor is mellow and unassuming. the only aspect of this amazing bar that isn't so amazing is the food is only so-so. the beer bits are a little bland, and the pizza, while very tasty, didn't really leave an impression on me. but, i never head to the bar when im hungry, just when im thirsty. so next time your headed towards old town or mill, stick your head into this place and you wont be disappointed.
5	It's a bar. There's food (appetizers). There's one of the best selections of craft brews both to have there *and* take home in the valley. Hands down. You cannot live here without visiting Papago.They get me every time. It all starts with a stop in for a beer with a few people after work or on the weekend and turns into taking a hand picked variety 6-pack home with me. The variety they have on tap in addition to the crazy big variety they have in bottles is enough to make any craft brew lover go into instant shock. The staff is usually very friendly also and attentive to empty glasses. I believe they have a small stack of board games, though I have never played any as of yet and a fantastic juke box. The atmosphere is extremely casual/laid back and you will do nothing but relax and be in craft brew nirvana when you go.
5	Things to note - Roughly 30 draft and 150 bottled beers are never a bad thing; when you brew your own beer and are still ballsy enough to sell other beers, it's usually not a bad thing; when your servers are personable, helpful, and non-presumptuous, beer tastes sweeter; and finally, when you can either drink the bar's beer on premises or take it home with you, I'm completely sold.Good prices paired with an outstanding selection make for a "don't miss" combo.  I was happy with the Oude Zuipers tripel-style ale while my fiancee enjoyed a unique IPL (India pale lager) from another local brewery.   We haven't eaten here but I'm sure that will come in time as beer undoubtedly generates hunger.
4	Rode the ol' Harley here as part of some east side bar hopping on Wednesday..  This was stop number...  Umm..  I forget.. Anyways..  Tried some new beer.  Always fun to experiment, and no better place to do it.Played a ton of songs on the jukebox, and bribed the staff to stay open long enough to hear all of them (not past 2:00 or anything..  Don't want to get anyone in trouble..)Had a blast.  Will be back..  In like 2 hours..  :)
5	Over 100 different types of beer from all over the world to choose from, including some brewed by Papago (try their Orange Blossom!); great, friendly staff and patrons; excellent food (It's no Roy's, but the food is pretty damn good for a brewery); comfortable ambiance; amazing prices.  What more can you ask for?  If you come to Scottsdale, this place is worth a visit, especially if you're a beer aficionado!
5	This place is on our list of must stops during our annual Spring Training Trip. I wish I could have two different ratings, one for beer and the other for good. My rating is strictly on the beer. Beer is definitely a 5, food is about 3.5. We usually get a couple pizzas, and they are decent. If you are not into really good beer, then don't bother with this place. This is for beer snobs only. They have an off the chart beer selection.
4	Gooooood selection of beers. I was a designated driver so I just had the Orange Blossom and it was tasty, very soft and sweet. My friends tried different ones and were happy with the price and variety. The place is a bit hidden, but inside is you'll find a warm environment. We had there our biggest east valley CouchSurfing meeting and it was the perfect place.
4	Love this place for their Orange Blossom beer.  It's definitely the best beer I've ever had.  I'm a girl, I love the fruity beers.  The vanilla bean finish is absolute perfection!  The only reason they don't get five stars is because of the bitch servers.  Sorry I don't have a cock, but that doesn't mean that I don't want attentive service.  The food is alright, but I come here mainly for the beer!
4	Unfortunately for me, this place is a bit far for me to frequent, but their beer selection is just...wow.  The ONLY place I've been able to find Rochefort 10 (and for $8, not terribly bad).  It's like the adult's equivalent of a candy store- "Who can?  Papago can because they mix it up with love and make the world taste good..."
4	I really enjoyed myself at this place. I went with a large group of people and our service was spot on. The server kept on coming back, made great suggestions, let us try some different samples, and made sure we were taken care of. I wish I remembered his name... Anyway, they have a great selection and the place is a pretty good size so you don't feel cramped. I'll go back!
3	my friends and i stopped by here on our way to the rogue to drink a good brew before we loaded up on cheap pbr.we arrived late on a friday night, and the place was semi-full. man was this place a freaking sausage fest. the only chicks in there were either on a date with a dude or the regular bar rats. of course, strange looks galore directed at us being completely different from everyone else in there. i just came for the beer, not for the atmosphere. it's like a sports bar and it's just set up weird, sort of like a restaurant, but no one was eating. everyone was in their own little group. our server mike was excellent and what really made the experience. we were informed that their cider tap just went out, which sucked because we wanted a cider/stout combo (like a black and tan). he whipped up something similar and brought samples in little beer "shot glasses". his cider substitution was great, and our beers were delicious and smooth. $5 each for our custom beer pints. not bad. overall, great beer list, and service, but just not my scene.
3	You simply will not find a better beer list in Arizona.  These guys know and respect their beer better than nearly anywhere I've been.  But on nearly every visit (none in recent months, mind you), the service has been somewhat on the icy side.The good news: unlike most of Scottsdale, you won't have to pay too much extra for the snobbery.  This place is definitely casual and low-key.Another brilliant highlight: they preserved the old Bandersnatch recipes and often feature them (I think there's an even more formal connection, but not sure).  For old timers, you will definitely be pleased with this.Get the service to the point of being in the service industry, and I'll bump it up two stars.  Until then, I'll check in rarely for the great beer and see how the attitude is shaping up.  Remember, we're not all as well-versed in beer snobbery as you.
4	This place is the center of the craft beer universe in Arizona.  It is a brew pub and bottle shop.  I've been twice for dinner which was fine but the beer is the reason to go.  The beer selection is amazing, with dozens of beers on draft.  They have a wall of bottles (hundreds?) under refrigeration and you can build your own sixer to go of any American beers for $8.50 which is a steal.  The brewer Ron is often there as is "Dogfish" Lou Calagione.
4	I recently checked out this tavern by recomendation of various online sources. I was most impressed from the molment that I had arrived at this upscale strip mall store front, with it's vault like store entrance, and oversized wibdow filled with several dozens of fine world ale bottles adorning therein. Once you enter it is a darkened room, which was welcome relief from the tripple digit day outside..plenty of room inside, with wooden tables and benches about. Over 100 world beers to select from, above average food, and even board games to play with...I enjoyed this oasis i nthe desert...itis afar cry from the many fine taverns we have here in Philadelphia, aka Monks, but it's one of the best taverns I've experienced i nthe Phoenix metro area-worth a  looksee.
4	You really can't top their beer selection, well over a 100+ bottled beer selections and a good amount on tap. Also- for bar, they have some great food. I had the Beer-B Que Chicken personal pizza with red onions which was soo tastey and went nicely with my dirty pear beer.The only disappointing thing, was I asked the bartender for a dirty pear pint and he came back with just the pear cider, So I had to school him on how to make a dirty pear beer.Other than that- no complaints!
4	Who knew this place was here! I live not a stones throw away.. A gem in the hiding! My boy intro'd me to the Orange Blossom.. tall, hint of orange and essence of vanilla in a wheat ale.. Like dessert in a glass.. My tall glass got me a bit buzzedy by 3/4 down.. but thats just the way it goes for me! Nonetheless, Mark wanted me to try a Belgium Framboise beer.. I couldnt believe it was beer.. its a beauty of purpleish color and fizzy and refreshing... Papago has the most vast display of rare and common brews Ive seen in the Southwest... impressive.. A casual fun place.. where your palate may learn a new brew or two..
2	OK, yes, the beer list is incredible. It's an amazing way to try new stuff and find new favorites to add to your drunky ass repertoire. The much-discussed Orange Blossom beer is pretty good, but not so good I would make a trip out of the way to get it.The food is standard bar food. Well, despite the fabu beer list, this is just a bar when it comes down to it. Vegetarians, take warning - eat elsewhere, unless a overstuffed, not-entirely-melted cheese quesadilla is your idea of a kick ass meal. To be fair, my SO loved his brat and gobbled that sausage down like a pro. (I've always wanted to say that.) Our server was helpful and attentive. The ambiance is somewhat non-existent and, as someone else mentioned, the seating layout is fragmented. My biggest beef is with the other customers! I've been to many a shithole bar and never have my eardrums been so bruised and battered, my throat raw from having to scream conversation over the relentless mating calls of the idiot Woo Girls at the dart boards. I mean, people were staring. The manager had to ask them to STFU multiple times. And this was before 9 p.m.  And they were not 18 with fake IDs; these ladies may have been older than me (gasp! shudder!).If I wanted to listen to piercing screams while consuming a shitty quesadilla, I would have gone to a Filiberto's in Maryvale. Ugh. My SO will have to get his Papago fix on his own.
4	I recently had another birthday and happily started my evening at Papago.  The best thing about this place is that you can trust they will always have something new and really really fantastic on tap to try out.  You would think that would be a given, with 30 taps available.  But I just get this good feeling that they put a lot of heart, and hours of tasting (rough) into surprising and pleasing their patrons with the choices.I've enjoyed every visit I've made to Papago, but those guys made it very special for my special day.I haven't had the opportunity to try the food yet. Next time, I promise!
4	this place is FABULOUS!  Literally when I walked in, my eyes smiles.  My roomie goes here all the time, and she had mentioned it to me a few times, but I finally just made it last week.  They have coolers full of many different kinds of beer.. one of which is my favorite, triple karmeleit!!  So excited.  They have a good selection on tap as well.  The food is great!  The seating is picnic tables and bar stools/tables.  A few of us drank there for a few hours or so and our tab was only 100 dollars!  Sweetness.  Did I mention they have a Jukebox?  Don't sit on the far end of the bar if you want to hear it though.
2	After giving this place such high marks a few weeks ago.. I left there last night feeling a sucker punch of disappointment.. NOT for the Orange Blossom Wheat Ale that Ive grown to love.. but for the fact that half way into it I notice a fly still alive on the top of the brew.. I wasnt going to say anything to the waitress who wasnt overly friendly to begin with.. But Mark said theres no way.. that she needed to be aware.. Okay.. he tells her.. she has some excuse.. but then we notice theres one at the bottom of the glass too.. Gross.. Im really grossed out at this point.. She basically said I needed to drink it faster.. Im sorry.. college days are gone by.. I dont treat my ales like a beer bong! I sip not guzzle.. and furthermore.. I ordered it only 15 minutes before.. My Mark is the most manneristic person in the world.. she said very sarcastically, "you know what, Ill take it off your bill..' takes the beer.. walks off.. rolls her eyes.. slams the glass down at the bar.. and proceeds to tell the other bar girl who then looks at us.. as we are in complete awe.. WOW! You know what.. polite as we are.. we still left the rude girl a 20% tip on the full amount.. bad day much?? You just gave this great place a 2 for me.. :-(
4	I'm going to go out on a limb, and say that this is the BEST spot in Phoenix to grab a beer.  As a beer lover, there is no other establishment that I have found that has the selection and knowledge of Papago Brewing Co.So the food sucks, there is no patio, and the restaurant is sub par.  The beer is great.  They aren't trying to be anything besides the spot to grab whatever beer you possibly desire.  Cruise the Circle-K style cases for a fresh bottle, or order up one of their ever changing drafts.  The biggest advice I can give for the Papago Brew Co is to talk to their staff.  Tell them what you like, what you don't like and have them make a selection.  There are very few people that I have met that are more in tuned with beer.Enjoy this establishment, but don't expect anything more than what it is.  If you go in expecting to drink a few beers, you will enjoy, but if you go in expecting anything more than that, forget it and go somewhere else.
5	Be advised, this review is based ENTIRELY on the beer selection that Papago has.  The food and service are merely OK and leaning to the "Meh" side.  But the availability of truly great beer is a thing of wonder.  And, the best part?  You can serve yourself to bottled beer in their refrigerator cases.  It's almost like getting up and going to your own fridge.  Except my fridge doesn't usually have Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA or Rogue Chipotle Ale.Papago also makes their own beer, but that require actually going to the bar and waiting for someone to wait on you.  And, really, who has time for that?
5	Here is all you need to know. There is a giant fridge full of beer that you can go up to and grab what you want, and the choices are ridiculous. ENJOY!  They brew their own beer, which is always a bonus.
4	For beer lovers Papago is probably the best place in the greater Phoenix area.  They take their motto of "No Crap on Tap" to heart.  With about 30 taps they are constantly rotating beers to provide you with a phenomenal selection.  Unlike a place like the Yard House they always rotate different beers.  They constantly have events to promote local beers and other craft breweries nationwide.  They also have a monks club where you can pay a yearly membership for discounted beers in larger mugs.  The atmostphere is cozy with a saloon type feel and the regulars pour in nightly.  It's just a great place to drink a good beer.The only thing that could make it better is the food.  While they have decent wings and a couple good pizzas the menu leaves something to be desired
4	This is the place to go in the east valley to enjoy your favorite eclectic beer.  There are many drafts as well as plenty more bottled beers to choose from all over the world.  Otherwise, in my opinon, the only other thing to say about this place is if you're into dive type bars this should also be on your list.  Not a must do or see, but if you're in the area it's worth it to pop your head in to check out Papago Brewing.
4	Best beer selection I've come across in a long time.
4	So we went here for Game Night UYE and I was a little concerned that it was going to be a) too loud or b) too crowded.  We found a giant wooden table/bench thing and set up shop there.  The waiters/waitresses were all cool and very helpful.  Not too pushy and they were always very quick with the beer delivery.  Gotta say, they were awesome.The beer selection is amazing.  Not in love with the mandarin orange thing but they had enough stouts to keep me happy throughout the night.  This place is really cool and reminds me of a lot of the places back in Olympia.The only knock is the food.  It wasn't great.  It was better than your average bar food but, I think in this day and age of gastro-pubs and high end wine bars, you have to have quality food.  The "Beer Bites" were tasty but lacking in seasoning.  The chips and dip were pretty good but the chips were a bit stale.  I will go back, without a doubt.  Great place and we had a great time to match.
3	Well, I was not terribly impressed with this place, but I did think it was pretty cool.  It also turned out to be a decent venue for our Game Night UYE.  My first impressions were that this was a standard dive type place but that the music was way WAY too loud!  I had to yell just to hear myself think.  Their beer selection is admittedly impressive, but that's not my thing.  I did spend the better part of 5 minutes just looking at all the fun labels in the refrigerators.  Anyway, the servers were all friendly and chatty and they did their jobs well.  The menu is not terribly interesting, but it gets the job done.  I had some of the beer bites, which were basically just warmed up pieces of cooked pizza dough with some seasoning.  They were pretty good, but needed some more flavor, but the awesome marinara sauce made up for it.  This was a cool place, but I probably won't be back because of the location, and it's just not really my type of hangout.
4	I came here with my bro and his gf (when we visiting relatives in AZ) after they had tasted some of their brews at a beer fest in San Diego and I was not disappointed.  Some of their own brews: the orange blossom and coco joe are some of the most delicious and unique beers I have ever tasted.  I recommend bringing growlers home.  On top of that, some of their taps included Chimay, Delirium, several seasonal Belgium imports and other micro brews that are skipping my mind right now.  If you HAVE to be in Phoenix or Scottsdale, make the trip worthwhile and stop here.
4	Yum! Try this place out for the mass of beers they have on tap and the line of refrigerated beers. Great place, with some great bar food too!
4	Let's start with 30 great beers on tap. The list constantly changes to keep things fresh and let us not forget another 200 beers in bottles and can! Holy mama! This is the best beer selection in Scottsdale hands down! The atmosphere is comfortable and a little dive baresque but in a good way.. Knowledgeable staff, good pub food round out this unique little diamond In the rough.
4	4.5...when it's not too crowded.OK, don't take you mom here, unless she loves beer!  In which case, you have a really cool mom.For better or worse (some mornings)...I live very close to this great local beer dive, so I have seen it in many different states (both the bar and me).  And trust me, I say dive in the most flattering way.  Not dive in the way that angry looking people are having cocktails in the dark at 2 pm (not that there is anything wrong with that), but dive in the way of, wow, amazing beer selection, comfortable surroundings, a beat up dart board, and it's OK if I spill some beer on the floor.The rotating tap selection is excellent and the bottle selection is even better (to drink in or to go).  You can often find things on tap here that you will not see at any other place in the tri-city area (that's PHX, Scottsdale, and Tempe...I'm still working on a name) .  The food...well, there, that's all that need be said about that topic.Another great thing is that the crowd is a great slice of the PST area...sure, nearly 80% are beer geeks in their own way, but you can see that beer really reaches beyond the guy with the mustache and beer gut.  This place is all about the beer and there is no pretense about it.The staff can get busy, but they are as friendly as possible.  You can feel comfortable here in a corner with a book, at the small bar watching a game, or at a table of 10 playing Operation...you can even come in here at 2 pm and drink a beer in the dark.
3	I like it for the selection of beers, however, I hate the bar itself. I would rather go to Total Wine and bring my beers back. 4 stars for the selection2 for the shitty bar atmosphere3 average.
3	Great beer selection.  But if you are looking for more consistency, it is probably not the spot (they have a rotating tap selection).  The food was actually quite wonderful. I didn't expect much for bar food, but was pleasantly surprised.  I went with a large group and we had a great time drinking and answering trivia questions from one of their board games (there is a whole table full of games for customers to enjoy, yay!). I'd say the biggest downfall for this place is the atmosphere and service... there was pretty full crowd when I went in-and only 1 server for the whole place.  Ridiculous.  He was real nice and apologetic so we took it all in stride.  But there were _long_ stretches where we didn't see him or get helped.  He did his best to keep up, but it was a noticeable problem. Sure I'd go back, but never again when hungry.  As for the atmosphere--the bar is a few steps up from a dive.  Okay to hang out for locals, but not the place to impress.  Friendly staff, good food and beer are enough to make you overlook this.
5	My favorite brewery in town, nothing beats it's Orange Blossom Hefe. Definitely a dive but that's the charm. I'm not a huge fan of the big screen for sports viewing and the music can get pretty loud (as well as the crowd) so I'm usually screaming into my companions ear but the beer & food make up for it. The staff is very friendly however they are either extremely attentive-like all the waiters seem to come up one right after the other and ask if we need refills-or you have to walk up to the bar to get any attention. Food-wise they have excellent pizza and sandwiches. I usually order the caprese sandwich or the muffaletta. It can get pretty busy on a weekend night but I will take that over Four Peaks any day! You will be amazed at the selection of beers on tap as well as the large fridge at the back of the bar that is packed with individual bottles and six packs of beer from around the country and the world. I'm getting thirsty as we speak!
4	Papago Brewing Company not only makes decent craft beer, they have the best tap selection in the Phoenix metro area, BAR NONE!Upon entering this establishment, inconveniently located in the Papago strip mall, you are greeted by a fat, cheery monk statue and a bustling atmosphere.  This place was happening, even on a Tuesday afternoon around 2pm, and we struck up conversation with locals and traveling beer enthusiasts alike.  As per previous reviews, Papago has an amazing selection of draught beer that rotates constantly, and I believe there were at least 10 new taps (of 25 or so) within our week between visits.  They offer a variety of domestic, craft beer, as well as a few Belgians and lagers from Europe, as well as a couple of their own brews (made off site). The beer that Papago brews was fair, with the Orange Blossom being, actually, really good. They are easily forgiven with all the other beer they have to offer and I was especially thrilled with the Left Hand Milk Stout on nitro...word.  In addition, they have a great bottle selection to enjoy on premise, or you can customize a sixer for around 8 bucks to take home.  I only have two complaints, one being that this excellent tap room is located in a strip mall in Phoenix...blah.  Talk about a crappy, traffic-ridden atmosphere for a wonderful tasting room.  I wish I could pick this establishment up and transplant it north of Cave Creek, or somewhere in the hills, and add a nice sun deck for enjoying the beer outside.  The second complaint is that the beer seems to be ordered in at random with no consideration for complimenting selections.  They definitely have a variety, however it seems like there were a lot of stouts in the spring, with very few lighter craft beer.However, be reminded, that Papago Brewing is the best tap room in all of the Phoenix metro area, and if you are searching for a place to enjoy, discuss and sample craft beer from all around the world, look no further than Papago, you shan't be disappointed.
4	Last night I decided it was time to venture out a bit and headed into Scottsdale for a few beers. It was not the first time I've been to Papago; it won't be the last either. I'll be going back there many a time, that's for certain. I'm a creature of habit, and Papago could be a newly formed addiction.  I'm going to start this off by getting 2 negatives off my chest: no patio and closes really early during the week. Thats all. I'm not going to overly complain, because if you really want to go out side, just leave the front door and hang out on the sidewalk. Sure you can't bring your beer, but its a small sacrifice. And the hours: they close at 11:30 during the week. If they were open later, I would be seen there more often than I am, considering it's less than 10 min up the road from my apartment. BUT, now on to the good stuff: BEER! There is the beer. Jimminy Cricket, there is the beer. Tons and tons of beer. They have hundreds of bottles in a walk up freezer where you grab a beer, bring it to a bartender who will open it and charge you, and then you can go back to your table. (Note about tables: I'm short, clocking in at a whopping 5'2". At all but a select few of the plenteous seating options, my feet swing freely, not touching the ground) They don't have "Everything everything" but they do have hundreds of microbrews from around the country, and world, ranging from bottles of Foxbarrel Cider to a 43.99$ bottle of Prestige. Yes, they sell a 43$ bottle of beer. Serious beer for serious beer drinkers. I unfortunately did not splurge on this extravagant expense and decided that I would go with something on tap. First rule of Papago: You do not ask the bartender to run through what they have on tap. You'll be there for hours. On a good night, they run 20+ beers on tap. Yes. 20. Beers. On. Tap. It's an adventure just looking at the tap handles. In order to stream line the ordering process, and saving themselves the problem of having to memorize exactly whats on tap, they have a beer folder, with a list of the beers on tap, listing Brewery Name, Location, Beer Name, Beer style. If you can't make a decision for yourself, certainly ask the bartenders, who are all really friendly and well versed in all the beers. Last night I went with Stone Ruination IPA and a Breckenridge 471. Yeah, Ruination and 471 on tap at the same time in the same place. You cannot beat that. 471 was served to me in a snifter glass because of its awesomely high Alc/vol (a staggering 9.2%). You will find a beer here that you like. I promise. Also, it is worth mentioning that Papago brews their own beer. Right now they have a seasonal, Orange Blossom, which is basically a creamsicle in a glass. Not my personal cup of tea (which i'm sure you can tell), but from what I hear it's amazing. Give it a go if you like sweeter/fruitier beers.This is normally where I would talk about something other then the seating or the beer, like, maybe the food because they have a full kitchen, but I've never ate there. Based on the level of service, I'm sure the food is fine, falling in the acceptable range of Bar Food. The menu looked appetizing, with hand tossed and stretched pizza's, sandwiches, salads, nacho's, etc. I'll update this with a food review sometime in the near future.
4	This is a friendly bar that's in a very hidden random spot in Scottsdale, but then again Four Peaks is in a hidden random spot in Tempe... Anywho, my dislikes is that its pretty freakin small and that there's no patio, that's about it! Now on to my likes...I LOVE the variety and selection this place has to offer. They have amazing microbrewery selections from all over the country, even foreign countries as well as their own brews. I was shocked to see they had Lagunitas which is a Nor Cal microbrewery company and got quite excited! They have Dogfish and freakin Rogue! WOW! Now i'm quite into girlier beers so I will say that if you're looking for a light and sweet beer, the Orange Blossom is amazing, steer clear from this beer if you're into hoppy bitter beers. The food is okay, they serve thin crust pizza's and I think sandwiches (I got the pizza there). The pizza was good, but totally gave me the bottom bubbles later, hahahhahaa, i know TMI, so be careful! Overall, I would definitely go back, too bad it's quite a drive from me, open in Ahwatukee please!
5	Best place for beer in the Phoenix area, hands down!  Great craft beers on tap and amazing selection of bottles for breweries around the US.  Make your own 6 pack and bring it home if you want.The buffalo chicken pizza is also really good.
4	Mmmmm, the orange blossom beer is worth the trip every time. I dream of this beer. It's like if Blue Moon beer and an orange creamscicle had a baby. The food is also yummy too. Not your typical bar food which I like. My only complaint is that I wish they would serve a cheese dip with the big, soft pretzel instead of mustard. This place gets pretty packed and is loud, so don't expect to carry much of a conversation with anyone. I think this place is a good hang out spot that has a wonderful and large beer selection and great food. I just wish I would have frequented this place more often when I lived in the neighborhood.
4	After hearing a ton about this place, a friend and I finally checked it out yesterday for happy hour. It is definitely hidden in the shopping plaza at McDowell and Scottsdale but worth searching for. It is a pretty small place, but has a really good atmosphere. The food was really good, my friend and a split a salad and a sandwich and it was just the right amount. The beer was amazing! Papago Brewing Co's Orange Blossom beer is SO GOOD. Tastes like a mixture of oranges and vanilla. It is definitely my new favorite beer. Great place for a happy hour and to meet up with friends. I will definitely be going back!
5	This place is awesome.  Can't say enough good things about it.  The beer selection is like nothing else you will find in the area.  The staff is terrific, especially Jess, and the food is tasty!
4	Amazing beer selection... the mind reels!This bar is really well hidden, I've been in this shopping center quite a few times and never knew it was there.  I didn't know what to expect walking in, some brewery's can be snobby but this one totally wasn't.  It's small but it has large tables so you can bring friends and stay awhile.  They also provide games which is always a bonus when drinking with friends. They have this amazing wall with coolers filled with every kind of imaginable beer.  I wanted to be like Augustus Gloop in Willy Wonka and just go crazy cracking them all open and trying each one... but I controlled myself.  The hubs and I sat at the bar where they also have a great selection of beers on tap.  We were not disappointed by our selections and we were able to try a few without getting an annoying look from the bartenders.  The food was good.  We had the margarita pizza which was so yummy.  Great crust, my husband is a crust freak and it did not disappoint.  Good service; helpful bartenders, quick with the refills.  I will be back fo sho!  I've gotta try the orange blossom!
4	Papago is a strip mall microbrewer with pretty good food and great beer.  They have a nice selection of import and domestic micro brews in the fridge.  Around 20 taps stand by, dispensing fine crafted beverages.  If you enjoy orange sweet tarts, try the Orange Blossom beer - their consistent crowd pleaser.  Can't say that I like the stuff.  Their Robusto porter is one of the best porters I've ever had.This place can get really loud.  The service can be sporadic.  You won't see anyone for 30 minutes and them bam - 4 servers come by right in a row.  Really guys?There we go, those are the negatives.  This place kicks ass.  Best beer selection on tap and in the cooler.  Mix and match 6 packs to go.  Good pizza.  Italian sandwich is quite valuable.  The selection on tap rotates regularly, you'll be sure to find something you like if you're a beer lover.  Be sure to try a sample or two before you commit to a full size serving!
5	Papago Brewery is awesome!  The beer is very good and so is the food. Their individual pizzas are big, defiantly  enough for 2 or 3 hungry people to share. I had to try the infamous Orange Blossom which was very good. Although the Orange Blossom was very good I prefer a beer that has some bite to it. They had plenty of beers on tap probably about 30? Next time I go, I plan on grabbing a growler or two to take home!
4	I just wonder why it took me so long to find this place.  I vaguely remember looking for it one day, and never finding it.  I thought maybe I had the wrong address, my iPhone was lost, or it was to late at night after an evening of looking for the perfect drinking hole.  So I tried it several months later in the early evening, and finally found it after driving by it three times.  But it was well worth the search.I found beer heaven!!  They not only have a record number of beers on tap, they also have hundreds of beers located in large glass faced coolers so you can browse at your leisure.  More importantly you can pick and choose what beer you want and buy it in six packs to go.  They have a large menu, which looked very good - something for everyone.  Unfortunately I was so enthralled by all the different beers, that I forgot to eat.  But from the looks of the food delivered to the people around me, it was very appetizing, and all the people seemed to enjoy it.It is a very comfortable place - lots of wood beams, interesting decorations, and very friendly staff.  The place is really laid back, and  very easy going, although it does get loud at times.  It only adds to the atmosphere, which of course is very conducive to drinking.I am only giving this 4 stars, because I have yet to have the food.  But I will be back to try it, and, of course, to continue sampling the ever  changing variety of beers.
4	This is a great place to go to after work to grab a beer, or just hang out with some friends. They have an INSANE draft selection, even having a cider (Fox Barrel) on draft! It got really busy while I was there the first time, but still had a pretty relaxed, hang-out kind of feel to it where you didn't notice that there were so many people there. The selection of beers is unbelievable here, with an entire wall of different bottles that they carry. I was disappointed that they didn't have my favorite, Harpoon UFO, though, but not surprised because I have yet to find a place out west that carries it. I had a glass of the Fox Barrel Cider on draft and a Margarita Pizza. The pizza was only the personal size, but easily big enough for my girlfriend and I to split, and very tasty. My girlfriend even finds herself craving their pizza now, rather than pizza from an actual pizza joint. So, if you wanna go hang out with the guys, get a quick bite and a drink with your girlfriend, or go on a crazy beer safari, Papago Brewing Company is a great choice and I recommend it.
4	Strictly beer related review, as I rarely eat anything other than the beer bites here.Straight up, this place cannot be beat for incredible beer selection. The selection of drafts is always incredibly diverse, with drafts you're unlikely to see anywhere else in Arizona. As if these rare brews weren't good enough, Papago actually brews their own beers, a few of which are regular selections when I visit: Oud Zuipers is a really nice Belgian Ale, the El Robusto is just a great porter, and (my favorite) the Coconut Joe, a coconut-infused porter that's just about the tastiest thing ever (and I can't even stand coconut in other culinary creations).The only downside to this place is that it can get incredibly busy on Friday and Saturday nights. Good luck finding a table if you show up after 10, and even if you do, the servers are so busy that you might end up having to get your drink from the bar. However, if you show up for happy hour between 2 and 6 pm, you're almost guaranteed to get good service (and something like a dollar off per drink, which makes some of the beers a criminally good deal). Also, the servers know their stuff when it comes to the beer. If it's your first time in, they're more than happy to suggest a beer based on other brews you've had, or just a particular flavor profile you have in mind. They'll even bring out a sample to make sure you'll be happy with your selection.Oh! They also have a big beer cooler in the back, so you can create your own 6 pack of beers to take home, or order straight from the cooler if they don't have the particular beer you want on tap. Definite plus.
3	Tasty brews if you don't mind a crowd and waiting for your second beer for an hour.  Service is awful but somehow I keep coming back for the beer.  The rotating selection means you can always try something new.  The Thai chicken pizza is good if you ask for light sauce.
2	It's such a shame that this place is very unknown and tough to see.The beer, scene and employees deserve a higher rating.However the owners/management are lazy and unmotivated.For example, they could petition the city and get a patio.  They could petition their property owner to help build out what could be a great beer garden on Scottsdale Rd.  But they choose to stay enclosed and undiscovered.Likewise they seem to cherish the beer but have no food that relates.  Why not deliver some beer influenced grub?Otherwise it's a nice place to visit or buy beer, but not a destination to eat or hang out with friends on the patio (which they don't have, unlike Four Peaks which is packed).
5	Visited for the first time this week.  Smallish place but welcomign and comfortable.  Has dart area and several TVs, high and low tables as well as bar seating.  It's a little hard to find in the center but it's therere on the SWC of McDowell and Scottsdale RdReally enjoyed the beer selection - about 20 bears on tap and dozens in bottles.  They really have a great selection.  We tried the hot pretzels, smoked jalapeno salsa, thai chicken and muffleta pizzas... All we very good.The place was packed on a Thursday evening but we had great service.
5	One of the best beer selections in the Phoenix area.  Papago's own brews are fantastic. The Mandarin Hefeweizen tastes like a creamsicle, and the coffee stout is amazing.  There is even a coconut stout.  You can take a growler of beer home with you too, which is a fun way to try Papago's variety of brews.  There are so many on tap and in bottles that it is always tough to decide which one to order next.
4	If you like beer, you'll love Papago.   They have a huge beer selection and the prices are very good.  When ever I'm in Scottsdale, I make it a point to visit them.
5	so we just moved into a new house and what do you know? this place is less than a mile from us. i've heard about it, been invited to it, but never had the time to stop in. over the course of 2 weeks moving, we've been here several times already.the atmosphere is so casual and friendly. so many beers i've never heard of! we just ask the server and he has not disappointed. they have some of the best vegetarian style pizza we've ever had. soft and hot toppings, and crispy crust with a little burnt edges....mmmm! there's tons of reviews for this place so i'm not going to tell you anything new, but we like it and hope to make it a regular stomping ground.be prepared for the icy air though....it's freezing in there.
5	My friend took me to this place because we are both huge fans of micro brew beer. Papago Brewing has a magnificent and ever changing seletion of brews from all around the country including some of their own creations. I highly suggest the orange blossom, it is to die for. We also had one of their Pizzas and ended up fighting over the last peice because it was so delicious. Great service and atmosphere capped off an already wonderful time, I will be going back often for sure.
5	The best hand crafted Phoenix beers hands down. Cool place, coolers you can grab beers to drink there or pack to go. I don't live on East side anymore but whenever I'm on that side of town I make a point, to get a pint..;-)
4	Hit up Papago brewery yesterday after a softball game... I had heard of it, but had no idea where it was.  Turns out it was about a mile from my place... score!  Small place, great for a beer. They have a huge selection of tap beers, like beyond imaginable.  The orange blossom is my new favorite... yum!   They also have a wall cooler (Similar to those is a convenience store) full of bottled beers and beverages. The team ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and really enjoyed it, I didn't try any because it had meat, but wished I had ordered a veggie pizza after I saw it come out.  The inside kind of reminds me of a coffee shop, just a bunch of tables and a shelf of board games, nothing special but I didn't feel out of place or uncomfortable showing up in my game gear... but at the same time, didn't feel like I was in a dirty dive bar.   I'll definitely be back... and going to order some pizza next time forshizzle!
4	So, when a brewery stops making their own beer and has another brewery contract brew it for them....are they still a brewery? It doesnt matter here. They have an AMAZING selection of beer! More handles than you see just about anywhere else and they all rotate!!! There is something different here every time I go. If you dont like what they have on tap (I cant see how that could ever be possible), they have one of the largest bottle selections in the Valley. You can get the bottled selections and or a growler of any of the draft beers to go as well. Pretty cool. Try the Elsie's Irish Cream Milk Stout if they have it! Just effin beautiful!!!As with most brew pubs, they focus on beer, not food. It's unfortunate because when I sit and drink great beer for a while, I want great food to go with it. Their food offerings are ok. Just nothing to get excited about.Definitely hit this place up if you're in the area. If you're not, then wait til the weekend and make the drive. If you like great beer and sampling different kinds of beer in the same session, this is the place!
5	Papago Brewing is THE craft beer bar to go to. PERIOD. This goes for anywhere in the country.  Recently voted one of the best craft beer bars in the world - their selection backs up every word of this.  Their tap handles always pour a wonderful variety - a beer for all tastes.  IPA's, Belgiums, Ciders, Framboise, you name it they have it!  And if they don't have it on tap - check the coolers for an even bigger bottle selection!  Their own brews are pretty awesome too - I love the Elsies (a coffee flavored stout), although their Orange Blossom is one of their biggest sellers.Papago Brewing also always manages to get special releases before anyone else does.  And they host a slew of beer events and release parties, often times welcoming head brewers and founders for the events (in the past we've met Greg Koch from Stone Brewery, Tomme Arthur from Port Brewing, and Dale Katechis from Oskar Blues, just to name a few!) Events are soo much fun because everyone who appreciates good beer comes out to just have a good time! The vibe of this place is really eclectic.  You either get ASU students, locals and regulars, people from out of town, beer snobs, or people that are just wanting to have a good time.  You may see someone dressed up ready to hit the town but wanting to pre drink first, or a super casual crowd. Friday night is by far their busiest night - and it's often times difficult to get a table.  My fiance and I prefer Thursdays or Sundays to sit at the bar - and meet knew people.  The decor is laid back - with high top tables on one side and regular tables on another.  There's a juke box and board games, and a couple of TV's, although keep in mind this is NOT a sports bar.  Don't expect to watch your Sunday football here.For food - we love their pizzas.  All we ever really order is the Thai Chicken Pizza.  I can't comment on anything else on the menu because we've never tried anything else - but their pizza is awesome!Service is great - friendly and knowledgeable.  Very willing to help you decide on your beverages (the selection can be overwhelming).  I liken it to when I look at a wine list.  If the selection is too big I am lost.  We've traveled quite a bit - and have visited beer bars everywhere.  Papago Brewery is definitely one of the best we've ever been to, and we're soo  lucky to have it down the road!
5	How does this NOT have a solid 5 stars?  Maybe because I have a certain love for little hole in the wall bars and awesome beer that others do not.Came here for a second date, and it was a great night.  We didn't eat, although everything looked really yummy.  The beer selection couldn't be beat, and the prices were just right.  Awesome juke box and many televisions to watch whatever sporting event that might happen to be on.  The atmosphere is great and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing.  I will definitely be frequenting this wonderful place!
4	I'm a fan of Papago Brewing, because I'm a fan of local brew pubs and I appreciate extensive selections of beer.  If I'm in the mood for a unique beer or just getting away from the rest of the Scottsdale scene, this place is one of my Top 3 go-tos.I wouldn't take my wife here for a nice dinner out, but then again, I don't think Papago Brewing expects you to.  They are a straight-forward dive bar with the MOST IMPRESSIVE menu of beers you'll find in the Valley, where the servers are attentive, and the atmosphere is comfortably casual.But hey, how about a few more TVs on the wall?  I'd be up to watch some Sunday football here if I thought I could!
5	Ah. Papago. How I love thee so. By far my favorite brew-pub in the inferno I call home. Fortunately, it's far enough south to (mostly) avoid the douchey Scottsdale scene. They have a very good selection of beers on tap and a fantastic selection in the coolers-- of which you are allowed to purchase and take home. Food is so-so, Four Peaks is better for that; but let's be honest, you're here, as Jake from Sun Also Rises would say, to get tight. So drink up and enjoy yourself.Hipster friendly, so bring your fixie and avoid a dui.
4	Great beer selecton, and the white pizza is delicious!  Good hang out spot wit sports on the big screen and board games/darts if that's your thing.  They also have a wide selection of exotic beer for sale.  This is a beer paradise!
4	I really like Papago for the variety - 30 beers on tap and God knows how many in the refrigerator cases. All can be consumed on-site or brought home to stock your personal inventory. What I especially dig is how knowledgeable the staff are about the beer -- even the ones who barely look old enough to drink! I've learned a lot already, from the different types of beer glasses to how some beers are aged and discovering what I like! You can play darts or any of the many board games they've got out. We played Yahtzee on one recent visit. There's a jukebox and a TV for further distraction. The food is OK. Nothing spectacular. Ball park pretzels, thin pizza crust with sauces for dipping, quesadillas, pizzas, etc. There are severely limited options for non-beer drinkers (like 4-5 mediocre wines to chose from and canned/bottled sodas). That said, if you're willing to explore the world of beer - this HAS to be your first stop!
5	This is my kind of place!  Tons of beer on tap and in the coolers, great prices, and a wonderful place to meet up with some friends to talk.  It has music but I've never felt the place was too loud to find a quite corner where you could enjoy a brew and your company.
5	This is a tremendous place for the beer connoisseur ...or those looking to become one. I was compelled to review PB due to the many posts that knocked off a star or two from their ratings because the place doesn't care to be anything other than what it is ...merely the greatest beer geek haven for thousands of miles. It's not a gastro-pub. It's not a martini bar. It's not date night. It's a world class beer bar that caters to a crowd that appreciates that. If that's not you ...hey, that's fine. No insult intended. But there will be nothing terribly special about the place if you're not a beer aficionado. They have brews there that I've seen only at a very small list of places ...& a few that I've seen nowhere else. I lived in the area for 10 years & never found the service to be anything but friendly & knowledgeable. Yeah, it gets busy on weekend nights ...which is why the true followers go at other times. The food is solid pub grub. The jukebox is one of those internet hook-ups that has everything. So you will be subjected to others taste in music ...not always a bad thing. And some of the obnoxious customers mentioned in other posts are not regulars in my experience. They do show up occasionally though. After all, it is a bar. So while I don't claim to be an expert on all things cool, I have become a pretty good expert on great beer. Any complaints about the food, ambiance, or less-than-speedy service here completely miss the point & are most likely coming from someone who just doesn't fit in the demographic Papago is trying to attract. But if you love trying wonderful, rare, & unusual brews in the company of some like-minded folks ...this is the place.
4	Fabulous for beer.  Plenty of space.  Board games.  Huge TV.  Just don't eat here - food was awful.
5	Why not five, I argue with myself as I write this review. I am, after all, a new card carrying monk. The highlight of my day today will likely be the sublimely self-righteous ale that is waiting for me.... I guess Papago seems to be a little exclusive, which initially I didn't like. Not feeling comfortable bringing my non-beer aficionado friends into a place made me reluctant to embrace, even appreciate it. Fast forward a year and I now get it. No, I'm not going to bring my bud swilling friends here, nor do I care if they decide they would rather go to ____ sports bar, or Club ____. Then there's the service. Spotty at times, but I have found that being in a hurry, well it's kind of counter productive when trying to relax and enjoy some of the finest free flowing alcohol this planet has to offer. Those are my complaints, now that I see I have no real issues with this place, I can give it an honest 5 stars. Rather than list everything I love about this place, I encourage you to get a DD, hop on your bike or take a cab on down to the Papago, belly up to the bar, grab the beer list (or consult the usually very helpful bar tenders) and prepare yourself for some good food, and even better brews.
4	I knew when I was heading to Papago Brewing that I was going to get some good beer. What I didn't expect was some pretty decent bar-style thin crust pizza as well. My table ordered the T-Rex, which is basically loaded with every pizza topping made from a pig. My friend was in from out of town, so I said F it, and ate plenty without worrying about it. The pizza was thin, crisp, greasy and delicious. It was everything bar-style pizza should be. As for the beer, I got to try a few of Papago's own brews that I hadn't tried before. Their beers are either very flowery or have a bold coffee bean kind of aftertaste. Good stuff all around, but go with some of the other beers on tap if you're looking for a classic tasting brew. Although the food and beer were good, the service kind of sucked. The server was helpful for sure, but he was all over the place and the food took a very long time to be served. I'm not sure if they were short-staffed the night I went, but if the service was more consistent, my experience would have been better. That being said, Papago is still a pretty great little spot. I'd definitely head over there again the next time I'm in the mood for some pizza and their beer.
3	I just don't think I'm much of a brewery gal. Granted, the beer here blows Four Peaks out of the water, but I'd much rather have a nice cocktail than chew though a specialty brew. But if beer is your poison of choice, they've got just about everything. The happy hour is kind of weak here though, with like a buck off all drafts. Thoroughly meh.You can peruse the coolers and grab a cold one or choose from 20+ drafts they have on the menu. No Bud Light here though. Sorry frat chumps. They used to have a ton of wine here as well (like, ages ago) but it has since been narrowed down to just four choices, none of which were calling my name this last go round. Their Orange Blossom wheat beer was a bit like drinking an orange creamsicle in beer form. Almost like a cider with floral notes, a light finish and a super creamy mouthfeel. (Oh yeah, bitches. I just went there.) The perfect beer for the novice drinker to enjoy. Their IPA was also pretty decent, but was more bitter than I care for, although it stayed far away from feeling like I was drinking a bottle of grassy perfume. Solid.I thought they had deals on happy hour food (again, like a buck off) but last time I went it was no dice. At least the food's reasonably priced. Tasty rueben, craptastic hummus, crispy quesadilla. The acoustics in this place are kind of shitty, so go on an off time when it won't be packed, or run the risk of smiling and nodding amicably while hearing every other snippet of convo. The high top tables are also really uncomfortable for shorties like me to sit at, but c'est la vie. My biggest peeve about this place is the gigando assy television against the wall. For a place this small, a big ass mofo tv is just  not the way to go.
3	met  some friends there friday night 7 of us all together my wife showed up about 6ish to secure a table for us they all showed about 7 ishowed at 8 when i arrived they had ordered a pizza which i had a bite of which seamed pretty tasty i ordered a ceaser which was a plate with the romane and a side of average dressing....boring and a side of red bellpepper humus which i think was 695 and not a big portion but fairly tasty my wife had a ruben which she said was fair ......BUT there beer selection was crazy extensive from tap to bottles  everybody said our server was good and attentive I found her no fun just sort of dead pan but she was attentive
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. It's in Scottsdale but nothing like the typical Scottsdale bar. It is small hole in the wall place in a strip mall. It's dark and has an odd smell but it's not pretentious and very mellow atmosphere. They are known for the orange blossom beer which has a cream soda taste which I did not care for. They have board games available which is a nice touch.
2	Here's the thing.....you ever felt like you were being stared at the WHOLE TIME you were in some place?  Was it the Red Sox hat?  Dunno, cause my resemblance to a famous C&W singer was obscured by the hat and glasses.  Just had a weird vibe.  I also found the staff, and their friends at the bar unfriendly.  The beer selection was good, but you can get half of it in a store.  I was also somewhat charmed and somewhat put off by the handwritten labels on some of the taps.It's cheaper than Four Peaks, but in no way as good.
4	I love the beer selection, but didn't really enjoy the food.  Overall it was a nice place to relax and have a drink.
4	I really loved this place.  We were visiting from Colorado and Papago was suggested by a friend of mine.  When we first walked in, I was a bit disappointed by the sort of make-shift interior (though I believe they are doing some sort of construction, so I excused it).  However, we grabbed a seat at the bar and were pleasantly surprised by their awesome selection of draft beers--everything from their in-house brews to Dogfish Head to a wide selection of Colorado brews.  I originally had heard about their Orange Blossom beer, so I inquired about it to the bartender.  She basically said it's their "appeals to the masses" beer and suggested otherwise, which I was ever so thankful for after I tried a sample of the Orange Blossom.  Bleh.  If you like beer, you probably won't like this.  Waaaay too sweet.  I was so happy she steered us otherwise.I ended up with a Coconut Coffee Stout (delish!) and my husband had their Hopago IPA, also delish.  We tried a few samples of their other beers on tap and talked beer with the bartender.  I am still in awe of their refrigerated beer case--they had more kinds of New Belgium brews than we have in any liquor store right in Fort Collins!Overall, beers are great and the staff was great with us.  I would say 4 instead of 5 stars because we noticed that the staff is a little less friendly with beer rookies, but if we lived in Scottsdale, we would be here at least once a week.  Definitely worth checking out!
4	Who would have thunk?!? South Scottsdale has a four peaks-esque brewery. From the moment you walk in you it's as if you're brought into a different city, people are laid back, chill, tables all over the place, there's a bar, and a refrigerated section filled with beers. it's loud, people are hanging out with friends, enjoying beers in different glasses according to how it should be served, and many are playing board games. I felt as though I was in Austin at some bar, found a table plopped myself down and looked at the different brews offered. It seems Papago brewing has 5 brews to their name one of which is the Orange Blossom that my friends is manna. it's a light beer that after first sip, the aftertaste gives you a light hint of orange creamsicle goodness. YUM!! served with an orange slice, the beer tastes good until the last drop. I am a fan of the Peach beer of four peaks but this yelpers is better because the Orange Blossom has the ongoing blossoming of flavor! The food offered is nothing special, it's food to fill your stomach to prevent you from getting too drunk, and something to nosh on while enjoying beers, laughs, conversations, and soaking up the atmosphere. After my tall pint of Orange Blossom, I got myself a pint of another Papago brew - the Elsie (Irish Coffee Cream Stout). I liken this dark beer to black coffee with a hint of sweetness, it's heavy and good. It just sucks that I couldn't finish my whole pint due to being full from our shared plate of pizza bites and chicken quesadilla. And get this, it cost $4.59 per draft. CHEAP! and afterwards my crew and I walked out of the porthole and found ourselves back in South Scottsdale in a strip mall that bears the Papago name.
1	I so wanted to like this place because I lover breweries.I can honestly say this might be THE WORST BAR FOOD I'VE HAD in my LIFE!!  I think dog food right from the bag would be better.  I had the roast beef and we split a pizza.  I've had better roast beef at subway.  The pizza was ok, at best.I should have noticed because no one was eating.It's good for beer only.  Save your money on the food.It's not even in the same ball park as  4-peaks.  too bad.  It would be nice to have more brewpubs in our area.
5	This place is really fun.  Small hole in the wall place.  The bar has board and card games to play.  I come here to grab one of their awesome micro brews, play some darts and trivial pursuit  Plus you can always grab a cold 6 pack of something new and fun from one of their many fridge units in the bar. As for the food. its not the best, nor the worst. would give the food a 3.5 star review. but overall a 5 star review because this place isnt full of clowns like oldtown or mill. great dive for me.
5	Papago has a great beer selection & awesome food. Try the Orange Blossom!!
2	I keep going back to Papago, hoping my dining experience will change. Mainly because I LOVE the Orange Blossom and their pizza.Each time is the same. I walk in and sit down, wait, then wait some more. Even though the place is filled, the wait staff can be found standing and talking to each other behind the bar. I witness the people next to us go to the bar for a beer because they were tired of waiting for someone to take their order. Last time I checked, this place was not self-serve. Just last week my husband and I decided to try Papago one last time. This time our strategy was to sit at the bar to avoid waiting for someone to take our order. The bartender behind the bar was nice. He served our drinks quickly. However, what we observed while we sat at the bar made me never want to step foot in this establishment again. The bartender was arguing with a young waitress about food that was sitting in the kitchen. Her response, "I didn't know where it went so I left it there." The place is small, I'm sure she could have figured it out. There was another girl working that must have been her buddy. The bartender, who I assume was in charge, was getting on them (probably for being worthless). They were rolling their eyes when he looked away and had bad attitudes. While sitting at the bar, we watched at least ten customers have to come up and order their drink. While the waitresses stood talking and complaining. I told my husband, "If I owned this place and saw the slow, poor service, along with how many customers had to go to the bar for service, I would be embarrassed!" Come to find out, the owner had been sitting behind us the entire night. It amazes me how he could be in his own restaurant and be completely oblivious to the poor customer service.  I would much rather go out of my way and go to Four Peaks. Maybe one day Papago Brewery will hire a pleasant, efficient wait staff.
4	The headache the next morning is worth it...Went to Papago for the first time for a friend's birthday happy hour. I never would have thought you could find such a fun brewery in a strip mall. I'll be the first to admit I'm not a great beer drinker - I am the type to stick with a Miller Lite or whatever everyone else is drinking. At Papago, their selection is incredible. It's just big enough that you realize that you should order something 'fun', but not so large that you are overwhelmed and give up and just guess at what to order.The staff is really knowledgeable, patient and are really attentive. The Orange Blossom is crazy delicious, and they have a coffee stout beer that caught me by surprise - in a good way.The food is great - the menu consists of great apps, pizza, sandwiches, and the salads are fantastic. Great for an afternoon, Happy Hour or dinner. You gotta try it!
4	It's hard to argue with their selection of beer. However, at some point the crappy customer service is going to catch up with them. It didn't help that we had a waitress who quit drinking beer so her opinion was nil.
1	Ok, to start off with, I'd like to say that the beer and food were both good, but I have to give this place 1 star because the service was absolutely abysmal.(Detailed rant follows)It took 20 minutes for someone to take our order when we came through the door. When he brought the drinks, they were all mixed up, and we had to sort it out ourselves.After we finished the first round of drinks, we sat waiting for about 40 minutes, before we finally got up to order drinks at the bar. The only problem was, there was nobody behind the bar. We looked around to find someone (anyone!) to order a couple more beers from. There wasn't an employee to be found. We then proceeded to stand at the bar for 5 minutes waiting for someone that worked there. After that, we went back to our table to share our woes with our friends. Shortly after that, all of the employees came pouring out of the kitchen. We finally got to order our second round, and asked for a check.We needed the check split, but by this time our server had disappeared again, so we wrote which items should be charged to which card on the bill. When our server reappeared again, we gave him the bill and the cards. He came back moments later asking if we could total the amounts for each person, and then promptly disappeared again. We totaled up the amounts for our apparently mathematically-impaired server. He then reappeared to collect the bill again. Moments later he came back again, and said it didn't add up. It seems we forgot to calculate the tax.At this point I said "[expletive] this [expletive] [expletive]", and just had him put the whole bill on my card. I didn't leave a tip, but one of my friends must've thought I was being unreasonable, because he gave the server a cash tip. So now this guy (the worst server in the universe) probably doesn't realize how horrible he is at his job.I'm still so irate the next day, that I will probably call a manager and try to get this idiot fired.(End of rant)Horrible, horrible experience. I'll never go back. Ever.
3	I came to update my Papago review to include the fact that it gets way too loud in here for enjoyable conversation, but it seems I have beat myself to it.But it's worth mentioning again. Unless you're in a group of two, no more than three people (and you know the people well enough to lean in and/or sit very close to be able to pick up what they're saying), I wouldn't recommend coming here. Also, I'm knocking off a star for service and food quality/selection (actually I'm knocking off two, since when I gave my original review of five stars I was an overzealous early yelper without a definitive rating system...it's really a three-star establishment).Servers and bartenders always come off a little bored/annoyed which is a bummer when you're curious about a beer you've never tried and want to ask a lot of questions. It ends up making me feel alienated and like I don't deserve to be there since I'm not a craft beer expert. Also, for the quality/creativity the food is about $2 above the price point it should be, and for my preferences the variety/options is really lacking. But I will still come here because in the end it's a low-key relaxed venue with a fantastic beer selection. I just wish they'd drop the pretense and I'd certainly enjoy myself a little more and come more often.
4	The Good: The beer selection is excellent! Personally, I enjoy Elsie's Irish Cream Milk Stout and the Orange Blossom. They have a good selection of craft breweries from out of state too.The Bad: The Customer Service is seriously bad. We have gone to Papago countless times and have yet to EVER have good service. We've even tried sitting at the bar to see if that will help... Nope. It takes talent to ignore people who are right in front of you.The beer outweighs the bad service which is why they get 4 stars and we continue to go to Papago.
5	I spend too much time/money here, but it's worth it! Amazing craft beer selection, 30 taps (line up changes daily) + hundreds of bottles! Even if you're not a huge beer fan, you're bound to find something you'll like.
4	Pretty good house beers and a wide selection of other brews. I liked the Irish Coffee Stout. We lucked out in that we were able to order a sampler of Papago beers. The bartender was friendly. The food was nothing special; I only tried apps.
5	Friendly staff, amazing beer selection, and daily rotating taps... What more could you ask for? Delicious pizza? Yeah... They have that too!
5	Great beer selection. Love the Orange Blossom! After one or two of the deliciousness of the Orange Blossom, I'll get bold enough to venture to a Guinness or other darker beer, lol. I've always sat at the bar so can't confirm or deny service issues at the tables. Ne er had an issue at the bar though. Love stopping by for one or two and then filling up my half-gallon to take home! :)
5	Amazing selection of beers that i have never heard of with in my opinion the best music section in scottsdale! The place is very comfortable and the food is great. How to go about getting a beer was confusing and then became a process but if you are chill enough to wait for a server to realize that you are there then they pretty much stay on top of you all night. Its definitely a cool place to check out if you're in the area!
4	I had heard about this place for years and after an afternoon freed up, two of my friends and I headed over for lunch. We had gotten there a few minutes after they had opened so service was a little slow but we weren't in a rush so it was fine. We all ordered the orange blossom, which is to die for. I had the chicken pita while the other two shared the margarita piece, which was also really good. I'd definitely come back again.
3	OK so I am 50/50 with this place.  So with that being said here I go.  I have never had a bad time here.   The best thing about this place is the beer selection!  You can have no complaints about that, it's not possible.  What I don't like is that it's almost pseudo trendy.  It's a mix crowd of the Scottsdale douchebags or inundated with artsy people.  I cannot quite grab the specific vibe of the place, heh.   As to what other people saying that the service being slow, I would tend to agree but of all the several times that I have been there, the place has been understaffed, and the staff I felt as though did extremely well with what they had to work with, so I will not knock them for that.  My waitress the other night earned her tip.  I didn't mind shelling out a few extra bucks for her.  All in all I will go back if that is what my friends would like to go, but I would never suggest coming here.  It's just OK.
5	Since we moved to Phoenix from Portland three years ago, the Arizona craft beer scene has blown up a great deal. While the state still lags behind its other western states in the local brewery department, the distribution and availability of excellent beers seems to expand weekly.It's hard to think of a more central hub to that movement than Papago Brewing, a simple pub with a exceptional smattering of craft beers on tap and a bank of refrigerators stacked with the best bottled beer Arizona distributors have to offer. Along with Sun Devil Liquors and Topps, this is where Arizona's beer lovers congregate.And the food's not bad either. Especially the pizza.I saw the new expansion for the first time last night, and it seems a little incongruous and bright, but more seating is more seating, and I can't complain about that. Maybe it's the acoustics in the new room, but it was LOUD in there.Fortunately, great beer and the company of beer lovers makes up for it.
4	I'm a beer lover/fanatic/snob. I started out drinking the gross light yellow stuff that Miller calls "Champagne", and as I grew older I also grew wiser. Much wiser, thankfully. Now, if I'm going to break my 50g Carbs/day or less rule on anything, it will be a delicious, usually craft, brew. My honey and I went to Papago a few weeks ago to meet up with a couple for a few brews - and we were fairly pleased. Their 30 brews on tap definitely supplies something for everyone, and their local selection is pretty great. As for their beers, I've had the Orange Blossom and the Coconut Joe. The OB was fine for a lighter beer, but it was honestly a bit too sweet - not a fan. However, the Coconut Joe delighted me - it's coffee/coconut flavor is delightful, and it's a thick beer so it makes me happy.The ambiance is nice and chill and the service is chill, too. Oh, and their selection of bottled brews - almost as amazing as Tops! Check this place out.
4	Ridiculous amounts of bottled beers from all over, especially rare for AZ. I can't believe they had some brews that I can't find in SF or Oakland, geez. Not to mention a lot cheaper! Must be some CA distributing issue. I haven't tried their house beers on tap, sorry but with all those bottles how could I. Atmosphere leaves a ton to be desired, they could make the space awesome (like beer revolution in Oakland). Honestly I don't get the people who come here but I'll give them credit for drinking good beer. Seriously though, why so slutty/messy looking? Did they just come from the river? A little too 'bro/ho' for my style.
4	30 beers on tap from 30 great brewers.  The cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies!  I've been here 20 times for the ale but the service can be weak at times.
1	The orange blossom beer is great and the staff is friendly enough. However, waiting 2 hours for your food is unacceptable and I would only recommend this place to people who want to hang out for a while and drink beer.
5	You can miss it, because its nestled within the outdated decor of papago plaza, but this place is a little diamond in the rough. They recently expanded although I don't like the new room. The beer selection changes seasonally, with some favorites that stick around and you can always sample something before you order a full glass. They also have a nice fridge selection if you want some for home or to take to a party.Surprisingly my favorite thing here is the pizza. I'm a pizza lover, even when it's bad, it's pretty good kind of thing. For a brew house I was surprised that they're vegetarian pizzas are so good! It's one of my top two favorite places for pizza actually. Although it seems to take forever, and it does, it's worth it.  Service is kind of casual, like the atmosphere, but you never feel rushed. It's a laid back kind of place and I love that because many times we've gone there after a house project covered in paint or dirt and its all good.
4	very knoweledgable staff and a lot of beer selections.  Definitely a great casual place to kick back and sample all the beer world has to offer.
5	CALLING ALL BEER LOVERS! (Even if you think you don't like beer, Papago probably has a brew to change your mind.)This place is great! They always have something like, 30 beers on tap, one on cask, and also a huge selection of hundreds of bottled beers in their coolers. Their draft selection changes almost daily, except for a few staples. The Papago Brewery beers are great, and sometimes they even make special batches with peppers, etc. One of the things that makes Papago so special, though is their staff. All of their staff members are incredibly friendly and helpful. They will remember you and make friendly chat with you and then suggest a beer for you if you can't pick. Papago is kind of a drive for me and my husband, but we always wind up here a couple of times a week for a few pints and a pizza.Oh, I forgot to mention that their pizza is amazing!! We always get the white pizza and we loveeee it!!!
4	Orange Blossom Hefeweisen, my favorite summer beer! If you don't like a hefe, they have dozens and dozens of great beers on tap, and if you dont like those they have a wall of self service coolers where you can pick and drink or mix a six-pack and go. For food my favorite is the artichoke dip and the Thai Chicken Pizza. PRO TIP: they also sell Growlers of tap beer to go, perfect for poolside Orange Blossom at home, but when I get it I ask for an orange to go, as the only way to drink it is with a slice of orange. They brew offsite so don't go expecting a tour, oh and the one complaint I have is the noise in the place can be a bit harsh as they are no soft surfaces to absorb or soften sound. After a meal of speaking loudly to those across the table you can leave a little hoarse.  No patio or dogs here, but smoking out in front.
5	One of the best selections of beers on tap you'll see anywhere in the world. One of the best selections of bottled beer you'll find anywhere in the world. Throw in a pretty mean pizza, relaxed atmospere, and the best informed staff I've seen in any bar, ever... and there you have a beer lover's 5 star establishment
2	This place has a great beer selection and decent food, but the service is horrendous. This is mainly because the owner/manager seems indifferent about his patrons and indifferent about who he hires. He is so arrogant that he long ago ran off all the good, truly beer knowledgeable staff that he had. Sadly, this place will never be more than 3 stars until he is gone.
5	I love this place so much that it's all I often think about since I moved to the bay area 4 years ago.  Enough said.If I ever move back to Arizona again it's because of Papago Brewing.
5	Stopped into Papago Brewing in South Scottsdale last week to have a pint or three and say hello to owners Ron & Leah. To my surprise they had leased the suite next door, knocked out a wall and expanded! The place looks great! As usual the beer selection was second to none, everything from Gulden Draak to Racer5 & locals like SanTan Brewing. One very special beer of note: Ron has a very special brew called Oude Zuipers("Old Drunks" in the Dutch Language) contract brewed just for Papago by Brouwerij Van Steenberge in Belgium! Brouwerij Van Steenberge is of course responsible for beers such as Piraat, Gulden Draak & the Bornem series. WOW, what kind of pull has this guy got? A multi national Belgian brewery, brewing a beer just for his place here in Arizona! U must Try It! Its warm, malty w/ just a touch of sweet & a huge mouth feel stemming from its 11% ABV! Now, onto the food...we had a pizza very popular in Europe made w/ creme fresh, bacon, garlic & caramelized onions. Of course, I added kalamata olives to the mix just to be a bit different. Big Mistake! The delicate flavors of this pizza were completely overpowered by the olives and the Perfect Pairing w/ the Oude Zuipers was lost as well. My bad. I hate when that happens! All said, Papago Brewing is a Must See if you are a beer lover & the extra room made by their recent expansion just makes the place that much better. 5 Stars because their beer selection is King, They know/understand what they are selling & for God's sake Brouwerij Van Steenberge brews a beer just for them! Go Now Grasshopper!
5	Revisited Pagago last Monday evening for A Beer Education class w/ Ron Kloth, Cicerone & owner.  What a great time.  The class was designed mostly for beginners but I found myself learning new things from the first moment. Those little details, explained diferently than I would have done.  I learned as much about public speaking as I did about beer. Afterwards, sitting with a few Craft Beer reps. from World Class Beverage was just as educational. Want to learn more about beer, from it's early origins to down to whats hot this week? Papago Brewing is your place. Cheers.Ps. Racer 5 & Samichclaus on Tap, WOW.
3	This place has the selection to beat! Hard to be disappointed no matter what your taste in beer. With the addition of the new seating area, although the lights in there need to be less cafeteria like, it becomes even better. Gotta love a place that lets the monks take over, and has a place in its heart for local brews. Also has the craftiest of crafty beers! If only there were better ways to get here than driving. It is located in the middle of driving central though...I love the place, but the menu is not its specialty. Beer is the specialty. I would love some better food though! Or a BYO option!
4	I have yet to find a better beer selection in Phoenix. The bottles aren't on the menu though, you have to walk over to the fridge. If you get the pretzel's choose the cheese over the mustard.
5	So I wrote a review for Papago Brewing way back in the day when I was still new to this whole Yelp thing... so now that I'm a bit more seasoned, I'd like to write an update!I originally gave Papago 5 stars, and I still don't have a bad word to say about it! This has been my go to bar, my "Cheers", since I first moved to Phoenix two years ago. I've made a lot of friends here (customers AND employees), and I've consumed MANY amazing beers here! I can always count on them having several new craft beers on tap every time I show up, and the staff is very well educated on each of them. Zach, Jess, Matt, Mark, and Sean take great pride in the fact that they are beer nerds (like my wife and I), and always have great suggestions when I can't make up my mind! With 26-30 beers on tap, and several coolers full of different bottled beer from all over the world, it's never hard to find something I'll love!The pizza here is some of my favorite in the valley! We always order the White Pizza, but you have to try the Buffalo Chicken Pizza or the T-Rex! You can't go wrong!Papago recently expanded to make more room for their rapidly growing business, as the place is consistently packed almost every night of the week! The new side boasts locally handcrafted tables and benches, as well as a regulation size shuffleboard table!Whatever your beer-drinking needs, you'll find it here at Papago Brewing Company!
4	legit beer selection both on tap and in bottles to purchase and create your own six pack as well... and on my trip here i did both of these things... and loved everything.  The food selection is nothing like the beer selection.. But I needed something and my eye caught the hummus which turned out to be absolutely delicious... I could have sat there and drank beer and ate hummus all afternoon... yummmmmm
3	DO NOT COME HERE EXPECTING GREAT SERVICE! you will be very upset if that is important to you or something you seek when planning on coming here. The service SUCKS. Always has.. probabaly always will.HOWEVER_ when and iff you get to talk to a waitress and order some food, you cant go wrong with anything on the menu. Its all very good for bar food.Also the coolers full of almost any beer you can think of.. and Im not a big beer drinker but have been able to find stuff to drink here
5	My boyfriend and I first tried Papago's Orange Blossom Ale at Chicago's Old Pizza and thought- Hey this is the best damn beer we've ever had let's go visit their brewery since it's close! I'm simple so give me good food, beer, service, and music and I'm pretty happy. I like all their beers. My favorites were the Orange Blossom of course but also the Irish Cream one (the name escapes me at the moment) and the Coconut Joe. I really like the fact that they had alot of smaller breweries and crap beer like bud and coors wasn't on the beer list. Plus, they had pick your own six pack which is pretty damn awesome. Service was good- wasn't exceptional but it wasn't bad. We got our food, drinks and check within a good time frame and she was happy enough. I saw other reviews complaining about servers sitting back and talking and complaining and I didn't see any of that. My boyfriend and I both got the hot italian sandwich which was delicious- no complaints at all. The cole slaw it came with was okay- once again not great but enjoyable. I did enjoy the interior and how it was really laid back. Pros: Delicious beer choices, good food as far as I tried Cons: Bathroom was kind of "gas station-esque"  and while the food I tried was good there was a dreadfully small food menu
5	On my quest to visit every micro brewery in Arizona this was a must stop... I have been here a few times now and have enjoyed each stop. For food I went with the Thai Chicken Pizza - Thai peanut sauce, white meat chicken, fresh cilantro, red onions and mozzarella cheese... For beer I went with an Orange Blossom I normally do not enjoy this style of beer but it's really good... I rate the experience as followed.Thai Chicken Pizza - A+Staff - A+Beer - A +++They have a huge section of beers on tap as well as bottled... It's really impressive if you're looking for a place to go to try new beers this is a one stop shop.
5	Great laid-back place.  Music is pretty loud. Taps are great and ever-changing.  Awesome people watching. Excited to go back and try the pizza and pretzels.
5	There are few combos better than beer and pizza.  Papago Brewing has unbelievably great versions of both of them.  You don't have to be a beer snob to like this place, but it certainly won't hurt either.  The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the crazy, huge, selection of beers.  This knowledge base is a great asset as you inevitably encounter the challenge of choosing between one of the 30+ beers on tap, or the 100+ different beers from the refrigerator displays.  This is definitely the bar to go to if you want to try different beers, both locally brewed and imported from around the world.  Even with all of that rambling about the copious beer selection, I must laud the great pizza that Papago Brewing makes.  Their pizza is a Chicago thin crust style, and it's by no means typical bar food.  This pizza is worthy of supporting a pizzeria let alone a Brew Pub.  Thank you Homer Simpson for succinctly proclaiming "To alcohol.  The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems."  Your wisdom has yet to steer me wrong.
5	I don't come here for the food in particular but the brews are great. It's your typical divey hipster bar inside but the beer selection quite sophisticated. The refrigerated has a huge eclectic mix of other microbreweries in bottles. The bar has a full array of their own brews from ales to stouts. If you so happen to enjoy their beer so much. You can take it home in a growler after the initial 20 bucks. Growlers are half gallons of beer heaven. The next half gallon of you purchase is only 12 bucks. I recommend the coconut joe.
4	Have some family over in Chandler, so we headed over to a few breweries while visiting them there, Papago being one of them. The place is located in a strip mall, not too far from the University. The atmosphere, to me, is a cross between a upscale liquor store, and summer camp cabin, and a rustic sports bar. Comfortable, nice AC (yeah it gets hot in AZ) and a good tap list. Service was decent, only 1 server that day, but it was not that crowded, and the place is not that big either. He checked in with us every 10 mintues or so. They had a few board games there, including a drinking Jenga, which was pretty funny. We played that twice while just hanging out for the afternoon. Didnt get anyfood, as we had just had lunch before going here. Of the three beers I tried form Papago while there, the Papago Elsie Irish Cream was the highlight. (also had the Orange Blossom, which my cousin took a growler home ofi t, and the Coconut Joe). I brought home a Growler off the Irish Cream, which was shared amongst friends at a recent gathering, and it was liked by all.I also got a 2008 bottle of Mephistopheles Stout, and two other locals that I don't get in So Cal, since they also sell lots of bottled beers to go here as well. All in all, a good stop, with some pretty solid options for AZ. Recomended if your in the area.
4	Good food, much better than I expected.  It is a bar after all so I thought we would have a menu of nothing but fried goodies & finger food but to my great surprise they have a great menu.  There was at least one item in each section that I wanted to try.  My friend and I split the Gobbler sandwich (turkey, roasted red pepper & provolone cheese on rosemary foccacia) and a small BLT salad.  The salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing.  The portion sizes were generous so even though we split both the sami & salad we were both full.  Beers weren't cheap at $5 each but the selection was huge.  I am not a beer snob so I ordered bud light and $5 is steep in my opinion.  Anyway, after 2 beers the sandwich & salad our bill was just over $30.  Table service sucked so we ordered our meal & paid our bill at the bar.
5	One of the few legit brewpubs around.
5	The consummate beer bar.  Great selection, knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons.  What more can you want from a drinking establishment?  The food is good too.
5	stopped by here last friday night and still love it! their beers...still good. their pizza....still good. at least 2 dozen visits since last review so...still good!
4	**Ladies** try the Lambic Black Cherry Ale. It's so good- and so is the Rasberry Framboise.  This is a cool spot when you want to be casual, and get friendly service. It satisfies my monthly dive bar craving.
4	A haven for craft brew lovers. Papago is a great place when you're in the mood for great beer. Unlike other "brew pubs" like Four Peaks, which really only serves their own beers, Papago has an endless selection of bottled and draft beers from many different breweries, with only a small handful being their own. There's a couple obligatory TV's and the standard bar food like pizza and nachos, but you're not really going there for the food. It's all about the beer.
4	You have to be a beer lover to come here and truly appreciate it. This place has so many hard to find, and many times off season beers that other places don't carry. This is a beer drinkers paradise. What costs this place a start is the noise and the service. Our waitress when we went was a straight up b*tch. She wouldn't come to our table, bring us drinks, and gave us crap about our bill. Not cool.The noise also killed me. We went with a group of friends and it ended up being you had to talk to the person next to you, and even then you had to shout. I didn't even get a chance to talk to a couple of my friends because the place was too loud. I'll definitely be back though because they have such an amazing range of beers.
3	In terms of atmosphere, it's no Four Peaks. They do have a TON of beer selections though, and rotate the taps regularly. The service was a little spotty for a slow, Sunday night, but overall it was good.
4	Love, love, love the Orange Blossom beer.  The pizza was great, too (we had the T Rex).  I do wish this place had better lighting.  We were there around lunch and could barely read the menus.  We'll be back in March with a lot of beer fans.
5	Awesome place!!They always have over 30 beers on tap, plus a ton bottled in their "shop".  The food is really good, but sometimes can take a little while.  The only negative - the service can sometimes be slow and it's a little more expensive than your average bar.
5	One of the most memorable breweries I've been to, not because of their personal beer choices but because of how they run the place. They have over 30 beers on tap from all over the country. If that's not cool enough, the entire back wall of the place is refrigerated coolers full of bottles and cans of even more craft brews that you can hand pick to drink in house...OR....build your own 6 pack to carry out. Brews from all over from Epic, to Dogfish, to Maui Brewing, to Sierra Nevada and the list goes on...and on....and on. It really is a nice concept!! Oh....and their food is great too. Mostly your normal bar food but pretty tasty.As for the service? I was incredibly impressed at how the girls that were serving us really truly seemed to have some serious beer knowledge. They were able to help us pick the right beer for our liking and they were right there when the brews disappeared regardless of the fact the place was packed.Know before you go: Don't let the exterior fool you! It's a small portion of a strip mall...look hard or you may miss it
5	Yes, please.
5	My favorite bar in Scottsdale! Great selection of beers and the food is amazing. You can do healthy and have an excellent salad or go the other way and have one of their delicious pizzas. Also, the sandwich selection, especially the Italian, is so F'n good. The bartenders, Jess and Zack do beer blends as well so you never have the same beer twice. I usually grab a mixed 6 pack from the coolers in the back so I have an eclectic selection at home, too. Can't beat this place!
5	best beer in town
2	I was really hoping to enjoy this brewery more than I did. I think with such high reviews, I had high expectations of what I would find. As another post says its not "Four Peaks" and I'm assuming they are referring to the appearance and ambiance of the place. It came off really divvy and deteriorated to me with a dirty bar top and messy floors. The bathrooms were awful like something out of a truck stop and there was a complaint about the women's restroom overflowing while I was sitting at the bar. The bar keep just kind of shrugged it off in acknowledgment and did nothing. She didn't do much of anything in terms of explaining the place or the beer selection after asking about what was available. It was completely dead on a Monday afternoon at happy hour so I can't speak much for how loud it gets. They did have a good beer selection on tap, so that is their obvious pull for people. Can't speak on their food is as I left after my second beer, just couldn't stomach the place after poor service and crappy atmosphere. I like a dive just as much as the next trendy hipster with a mustache but when the service is lousy, decor is boring, and things are a bit pricey. its time to move on to the next one.
5	Always a great rotating variety of draft beer, delicious food and friendly staff. Coolers with a HUGE selection of bottled beer to drink in the bar or to take home. Specialty bottled beer drank in the bar can be slight expensive and at times I would even call over-priced. If you dig milk stouts, Elsie's is absolutely the best one I/you will ever have; it's simply perfect. Great place to hang out, grab a meal and a few brews!
5	Love, Love, Love this place!  I'm a craft beer nerd, and this place has the best selection in town.  All taps rotate daily, so you never know what you're going to get to choose from when you go, which is half the excitement!  Their refrigerated case also has pretty much anything you could ask for if what you want isn't on tap - they even have a few domestic mass-produced beers for your friends who aren't fans of "fancy beer". :-)  The staff are well-versed in what they have on tap and the differences, and even allow complimentary samples if wanting to decide between a few for a pint. They have a smaller food menu, but most of the staples are on it.  We love the pizza. And if  you've had enough, but aren't done... you can take a mix-and-match six pack from the case home with you.
4	Another great spot to get beers in the valley? Yep it's true Papago joins the list with 4 peaks, San Tan and Lost Leaf as great places to get a beer. They have several of their own microbrews on tap along with a changing selection of other craft beers. Add to that a QT sized bank of fridges filled with all kinds of bottles or great stuff from around the world and you have an all in one stop for the beer connoisseur. I have been here twice now and it's a good place to come have a few beers. The service is good and friendly and prices are very reasonable (around 5-7 per beer). I went on a friday night and it was a bit packed but people are willing to share tables. Haven't tried any food here yet so holding off the 5th star until I can vouch for the food. On a personal beer selection note they carry one of my favorites from my time in Germany the Franziskaner Dunkle-Weis. I highly recommend it to any hefe fan who wants a little something different.
4	Papago Brewing Company of Scottsdale, AZ reminds me of Tap and Barrel of Smithtown, NY (just not as cool). Although they have a larger beer-by-the-bottle selection than Tap and Barrel, they only feature 30 beers on tap to Tap and Barrel's 52. AND Tap and Barrel has Fruli & Wells. However, this didn't detract from a fantastic experience, here's what we had:Beer:+ Tap #22 Papago Brewing's (Scottsdale, AZ) own Orange Blossom - Vanilla Mandarin Wheat Ale. $7. It was damn good - I'm a huge Belgian/fruit lambic kinda guy and I wasn't sure how much I'd like this orange beer but boy is this yummy. It's not overly orangey, it's light though smooth with some good body, it leaves you refreshed and paired quite well with our grubBar Food:+ Beer Bites. $6.25. Fresh baked bite size pieces of pizza dough brushed with olive oil, herbs and parmesan cheese. Served with your choice of marinara, ranch, bbq, thai peanut sauce or chipotle ranch. These were damn yummy - I love carbs though they make me fat - frankly I wasn't sure how good these were going to be and I can tell you after ordering them, that they were the best of the 3 things we ordered. I couldn't stop eating them!!!+ Roasted Red Pepper Hummus. $6.95. Chickpea puree with tahini, garlic, olive oil and roasted red peppers served with warm pita bread. I had to get something healthy and so we ordered this. The pita was warm and soft though slighly toasted and not stale, the hummus was well done and was flavorful. Nice work for a simple appetizer.+ Caprese Crust. $6.95. It was fresh mozzarella, basil, arugula, tomato and a very sweet reduced balsamic on a super crusty round-pizza-medium kinda size bread which was really good cut up in 8 triangles (kinda like pizza!). It was good!So, I can see why the locals like it, it's huge, it's got a damn good beer selection but they don't carry Fruli or Wells Banana Bread Beer. Get those 2, and I'll give you 5 Yelps. Also, this place could benefit from 2-3 pool tables...THIS has been a review by Gaurav
3	As someone who doesn't drink I am left to base my review on the ambiance and food.  Despite being in a South Scottsdale strip mall the crowd is fun and engaging.  As has been mentioned by the majority of the other reviews, the food isn't really the draw of this place. Still a decent way to pass an evening with friends watching games.
3	I stopped in here Sunday for a beer.  My friend wanted a gluten free beer but had to settle for a cider.  I tried their orange blossom beer and it was just OK.
2	Dear Papago,I love you.  And I love your orange blossom beer.  The pizza is pretty fabulous too.  And I live really far away so coming here is a special treat.  But you blew it last night.The server warned us in advance that they were understaffed and thing might be a little slow. No problem.  We ordered beer and beer bites.  I actually wanted pizza but thought it would take too long.  The beer arrived pronto.  One hour later, no beer bites and we had to leave.  The table next to us were noshing happily on their appetizer AND pizza.  I considered starting a bar fight just to steal a slice.  The waiter was super nice but I did not for one second buy his line about the beer bites taking forever.  You can cook an entire pizza more quickly than little bites of dough?  Do I look stupid?  If you lost my order, say so rather than insulting my basic knowledge of chemistry.I will probably be back but I think we need some time apart. Love,Hungry Girl
5	I haven't yet returned but wanted to say that I very much appreciate the owner's response!  That says a lot about your care for customers.  I think I may find myself schlepping down to South Scottsdale sooner than planned.  :)
4	Even if they don't brew there own beer this place is amazing. Great tap list, but it's the multiple fridges that keep you coming. So many beers that we don't get in the Bay Area! You can order from the bar or grab a beer from the fridge. All the severs knew there stuff and were eager to teach. So my place. The pizza was great and we would defiantly come again next time we are in AZ.
5	This place rocks! I would of never thought a place like this existed especially in a shopping center. The beer selection is seriously like I died and went to beer heaven. They have a ton of beers on draft as well as a huge selection of bottled beer you can grab from the fridge and they will pour it for you in the appropriate glass. I didn't get to try there food but heard it was great.
4	Love this place. And it's so close to home! I love their selections of beers! I love that the servers there are so knowledgeable and helpful when it comes to trying to figure out what beer I want. Thanks to all the random samples, I've expanded my favorites to not only include their orange blossom, which by the way taste like an orange creamsicle, but their hefeweizen. Their food wasn't anything exciting, just good to nosh on while you get your drink on. Since they've changed up their layout, adding more space and tables, it makes it easier to find tables. The other patrons are cool and chill. It's an awesome place to go to and spend any night in :)
5	If you're looking for an great place to go kick back and try some tasty micro brews, then this is the place for you. I met a buddy here for dinner after work, and having never been, loved it. I'm from the PNW, and this reminded me of something I'd see back home.I'll spare you the talk of it being tucked away in the old Papago Plaza strip mall, and get right to the goods. The bar tenders were attentive.  I'm not a huge beer drinker, but do enjoy my micro brews. They not only had around 25 quality micros on tap, they have a large refrigerator section by the main bar area where you can buy single bottles of all sizes or create-your-own-six-pack-for-the-road...where the hell else can you do that at a brewery?! I thought that was a very creative idea to have in-house.I ordered the large "Beer-B-Que pizza pie," which was deliciousness in a pan and a ton of pizza (I've never had anything like it)! I enjoyed a nice cold pint of their very own Hopago IPA, and another of Breckenridge brewing, Agave wheat ale, both outstanding. I think I have found my new favorite joint in south Scottsdale. The only downside...it's really far from my house.
4	Relaxed, friendly, very tasty pizza and fresh made spinach-artichoke dip. All wrapped in a cornucopia of craft beers. A great place to spend time with friends. They also have power strips in case you want to beer up with your laptop. Kinda cool.
2	Beer Selection 10/10 however service is 1/10. Staff lacks product knowledge. Specials are not mentioned. Wait time is long. Staff makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order.
3	This is definitely a great beer spot, but I would eat beforehand. I had a great beer that the waitress was kind enough to suggest based on my preferences, it was called Orange Blossom. I am not a fan of the bitter taste of beer so this was perfect! It tasted like orange juice beer. I downed that with ease! My bf got some beer that was almost 12% alcohol and it was pretty good, besides the aftertaste that made it taste like a shot (I drove home of course lol). We decided to share 2 dishes: margarita pizza and pulled pork sliders. I didn't really enjoy either. The pizza seemed like a totinos frozen pizza that you get in the grocery store and the sliders were dry.
4	Great beers. Really great beers. That's why they get 4 stars. Don't go here to eat ever please. Go have a nice dinner up the road in Old Town, or down the road on Mill then come here for drinks. They don't have much of a happy hour, just $1 for drafts but our waitress was nice enough to sneak in an order for 2 beers each since we arrived about 10 minutes before 6pm. My first beer was a great tasting IPA from this San Diego brewery called Mission. I love San Diego and now I need to find these breweries for when I visit next time. The next beer was a doozy.  I was asking the waitress for some recommendations on a "Papago" beer since I wanted to try one of theirs, well after not shying away from hearing 12% alcohol I went for the Oude Zuipers. For a beer that was at 12%, it was not bad. Great if your looking to get drunk or try something out of the ordinary, but if your drinking to enjoy your beer I recommend trying something else. We also had dinner here, which... never again. The pizza tasted like a frozen pizza. I had pulled pork sliders which were a bit on the dry side and it came with a side salad which was nothing special but not bad either. We tried to play some board games since they had a bunch stacked up on the side but everything I tried to grab was missing something that had me walking back and forth before I just gave up. Maybe next time we'll come here with friends for the beers and I'll bring Apples 2 Apples with us, or better yet, Shots and Ladders and we'll use that 12% beer as the shots!
4	I thought this place looked promising as it reminded me of one of my favorite places in Arlington VA (lost dog cafe). The servers were really nice and helped me pick a tasty beer. I just had a salad for dinner so I can't say much about the food but the atmosphere is really cool. They have tons of tables with plenty of games to play at them. Not to mention the wall of taps and the other wall of coolers full of beers. Worth stopping at.
4	Sours! Microdrafts! Homebrewishness! Oh my!When "they," those wiley specialty beer brewers, only send one keg of beer to Phoenix, expect it to show up at Papago.I love the bartenders, the weird wooden decor, the endless beer choices.If you were in Flagstaff and appreciated the Pay-n-Take and Flag Brew, then mash them together and enjoy Papago Brewing. Most recently a friend and I ran, not walked, to Papago as refugees from a bachelorette (not mine) party. Okay, we drove. I can't lie. But despite our old town duds, we were welcomed at the bar and proceeded to split a $20 bottle of beer - definitely ask when your cooler guide says something understated like, "it costs a little more, but...."Pizza smells will waft about you as you enjoy your frosty beverages. If it's late, give in. It's cheesy, greasy goodness at the end of a long day. Nevermind the artichoke dip. Not so much the other bar food, ever, really. If you're going to eat, it's the pizza. Play a game, try something bottled you can't pronounce, open the belly of the weird sculpture at the entrance, it's all a very good time.P.S. Patience! Patience and a large smile will get you everywhere. It gets very hectic, very loud and even a touch crazy here sometimes.
4	Their beer selection is great: the taps are always changing and the bottle selection covers many of my favorite breweries. There's a beer for any taste and always something you've never tried. The prices are slightly on the high side of reasonable: more than I'd like to pay, but I don't feel ripped of for a quality beer.The food is pretty good, but you pay too much for what you get in almost every case.The service suffers from chronic understaffing. It seems there are at most two servers weekdays with maybe three working on Friday and Saturday nights. The service is understandably slow if it gets at all busy. Regulars seem to get special treatment. While this is no surprise, it gets irritating when there are two servers to cover a full bar and a dozen tables.I do go there every now and then and it's a good place for a beer with a few friends but I avoid it when it's busy and I usually don't get food.
4	First off, it's in an odd looking pueblo styled strip mall... but don't let that stop you from checking it out.  They have a great revolving selection of about 30 Microbrews on tap and make some pretty good pizza (Thai Chicken and Buffalo Chicken pizza is where it's at.)  The place is low key but doesn't really qualify as a dive bar.  Play some darts and shuffle board or watch the game.  Great spot to chill and BS with some friends.
2	Maybe it was the jet lag, but I was underwhelmed by the dark brown walls, black ceiling and overall dingy atmosphere.  It felt like a frat house with an awesome beer menu.  The Hopago IPA was good, but my wrap was dry and tasteless - I couldn't finish even half of it.  Biggest pro: I was able to leave with a mixed 6-pack of premium microbrews.
2	3pm Saturday. Came here for the first time after going to Four Peaks Brewery for the first time. Four Peaks would get 5 stars compared to this. Really strange smell. Dumpy dive vibe as soon as you walk in. Good selection of beers on tap. Pretty clean bathrooms. warm glasses for beers. Ice for water came out of a Igloo cooler. Bartenders were nice but seemed amateur. Won't be back.
5	The ORIGINAL craft beer bar in the state of AZ. FIRST...with rotating taps. FIRST...with a huge bottle selection. FIRST...with a huge following of people who truly know their stuff. The place that every other beer bar in PHX is trying to replicate. If you love beer you WON'T be disappointed. Oh and the pizza's good. Get there!
4	South Scottsdale at McDowell and Scottsdale Rd in the Papago Plaza, tucked in next to the Mandarin Buffet and the Spa.Great beers on tap and in the cooler, nearing 400 total I think. Plus they have some large corked rarities.Expedient, friendly and knowledgeable table service, plenty of seating always. When you walk in, have a seat anywhere, someone will be with you shortly, menus are already on the table.No matter how busy it gets, the staff bust their butts to be timely with you. It's never too loud unless you're in on a promo night or weekend night. As for those nights it tends to die down a little around 9pm. Promo nights tend to be crazier! Show up early (6-7pm) and get some free swag from the brewery reps - see what's around, chat with the reps about their products, and let them know which ones you're really a fan of and why.Food is decent, but what you REALLY want are the pizzas!!I like the T-Rex and the Thai chicken pizza the most, and as for sandwiches, The Gobbler is the one to get! As for reservations, none are taken unless you want to book a large group in the extra room for a corporate something or birthday.Been to World of Beer yet? Aren't you thoroughly annoyed with the prices, staff and the zoo crowd and noise?Come to Papago where they keep it real!!Happy hour drafts are a buck off, and there are only three prices - regular ($4.50 during HH), premium and super premium, noted on the draft beer list, so there's no nickel n diming you on every damn draft like trading baseball cards with the Jewish kid when you were 12. Also, check the chalkboard for "Beer of the Week," which is a buck off all the time. Doesn't apply to Monk Card holders, as they get the buck off all the time anyway.Bottles have different prices, but what you want to take advantage of is the 6-pack to go for 10 bucks or $11.50 for a premium sixer. Ask your server for advice on how to maximize your value, the staff is always willing to help! They WANT you to have the best deal out of the situation and they want you to be happy!INSIDE SKINNY: Old Rasputin imperial stout is allowed in the STANDARD 6-pack.Sure my review may sound like an ad, but I've been going here for many years.World of Beer can suck it, I'll always come home to Papago where they keep it real.
5	I recently moved away from Phoenix, and was really sad to see this place go. I was a huge regular. For four years, me and my buddies would go every Thursday and sometimes between. They have some of the nicest and most knowledgeable staff out there, and the selection of beers is hands down the best in the entire state. There's a reason they're consistently rated one of the best beer bars in the nation.The tap list consists of their own beer, which is one of the top three breweries in PHX with highlights like Oude Zuipers and Hopago as well as unusual seasonals like hop tamale (ipa with hatch chilis). If you're with someone that doesn't like beer, get them the orange blossom.But in addition to their own beers they have over 20 other rotating taps and a couple casks with amazingly rare and unique beers. I'm an avid untappd user that tracks which beers I've had, and thanks to Papago, I've had over 900 unique beers. They also get periodic events where other breweries come in to showcase their beers, and they give out a bunch of free swag. I have a number of brewery glasses signed by its head brewer. Even their coolers are constantly rotating with new and rare bottled beers. I would always buy some to drink at home later in the week.In addition to the beer, they have an amazing atmosphere and surprisingly good food. Seeing that they only have a pizza oven in the back, they've managed to become pretty inventive with the food. Any sandwich or pizza is going to be good, and for the side, I recommend the potato salad. It can get a bit crowded at times, which will make the service slower, so I recommend ordering another beer when you're about 3/4 done. The games are pretty fun, too. My buddies and I would bring in dominoes, backgammon, and scrabble to play, and they also have a dart board and shuffle board.If you're looking to become a local, I suggest buying a monk membership. Unfortunately they're only available every December, but for $40 you get a dollar off and an ounce more for your beers, which is well worth it.
1	We came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday party. We showed up 5 minutes before 8, wandered around and couldn't find enough space for 3 people to sit, let alone everyone else who would be coming. The noise level was deafening and we decided to wait outside till our party showed up. It turns out one of us called ahead and reserved a table. There wasn't one and they had forgotten to set any aside. It took them 45 minutes to get us a table, despite the fact that tables kept opening up and they refused to help. We ordered a pizza and it took 2 hours to show up. It was ok, but not worth the 2 hour wait. Half the time there was never a waiter, and the other half of the time there were people walking into us. When we ordered Andygator, one of our favorite beers, it tasted of chipoltle peppers. When we spoke to the waiter and said it tasted funny he smelled it and blew us off. And the beers were $5.05 each, except the $7.50 and $8.50 ones.
4	Great little place with a HUGE selection of crafted beers in bottles, as well as their own brews on tap. Food was also good, definitely will return.
4	Beer selection alone and this would be a 6 star review (I know they only do 5  stars, but I've got some dirt on a few yelp employees that I would use to make it happen) Unfortunately there's other things to consider like food, and attentiveness of the waitstaff, etc.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good (love the chicken thai pizza) and the waitstaff know their stuff.  The food can be inconsistent at times and when they are busy (Friday Happy Hour) especially if you are sitting at a table it can take some time to get the staffs attention.  Not saying the food or staff is bad, it's just that it's not 5 star quality.Now if you are there to sit at the bar and try beer that is hard to find this is your place.  The rotating list beers on tap changes frequently so unless you are there multiple times a week there's probably something new for you to try.  The bartenders are a great resource if are having trouble deciding, and if for some reason you don't find something like on draft TURN AROUND! That big cooler behind is filled with beers and if you have tasted them all then I'm jealous.  (ps try not to drool while looking at the beer cooler, it creeps people out)  And if you don't have enough time to drink all the beer you want just grab a six pack or two and bring some home.  My only complaint is that they don't always have a cask beer available on tap, but with so many other options I can't hold that against them.
4	Great atmosphere to get some friends together. Large beer selection and specialty beers to take home!Bathrooms are nasty.
4	Service is decent but the one thing that never fails me is the orange blossom. There is no other hefewiezen that comes close! Hooray for orange blossom beer!
4	Food and service are beyond horrible, but don't skip this place because of that. The beer makes up for everything wrong. Eat at Four Peaks  and have a beer. Then go to Papago and have 2 or 3 beers. Try their orange blossom beer
5	Still one of my favorite watering holes! Fun, casual, unpretentious. Good beer, good pizza. Just awesome.
5	still one of the best....i was on my way to a buzz when we arrived, and those hoppy, heavy, delicious beers topped me off and made for an excellent meal in a glass!
5	Holy crap, the best hole in the wall hidden gem of a beer and pizza place.  Nestled in with a nightclub and improv theater place, Papago Brewing is a wonderful spot to get a good meal.  We always come here after a race in Phoenix, eating our weight in bread and never feeling guilty.They have quite the tap list with excellent variety, also including their own brews.If what's on tap doesn't sound appealing, they have 8 convenience store-style coolers with TONS of beer that you can purchase and drink with your meal.Try the beer bites- little pieces of pizza crust smothered in herbs and parmesan cheese, served with two dipping sauces (you choose between ranch, thai peanut sauce, marinara, buffalo, etc).  They are excellent.For dinner, my husband and I usually split a large garden salad and a large pizza.  The salad is wonderfully fresh and chock full of veggies- tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and it comes with a good dose of dressing (on the side).  In my opinion, nothing is worse than getting a great big salad of awesme greens and only having a thimble full of bleu cheese dressing.  Come on, really?We've had the Thai Chicken pizza, which is good but a little on the spicy side, and I also leave off the cilantro.  The other go-to is a make your own with ham, mushrooms and green chiles.  YUM.  The crust is thin, but not like cardboard, and the red sauce compliments the pizza, it doesn't overpower the dish.  When they get busy, service can be a little slow, but we've been there in the middle of a U of A/ASU football game and it's never been really bad.  Patience is worth it in this place, the food and beer and atmosphere is just awesome.
3	So I read a lot of reviews before going and was expecting a mind blowing experience. Beer selection as others mentioned was great but the food was meh. When I think about a brewery I think of awesome french fries and meaty burgers. We tried beer bites and they were like flat bread sticks from little Cesars. -Takeaway: Cool for a good beer afterwork, if you want a great brewery with BOMB food go to Four Peaks or San Tan
5	of course we would end a night at papago...their beer and food is just so darn good!
2	I have heard good things about Papago from reviews online so while in Phoenix I decided to see how it could be rated higher than my local hole, The Falling Rock. I'm sorry and call me biased but the tap selection here is so weak I've seen more choices at yard house on the 16th street mall in denver. The bottle take out is a nice idea but the selection is meek at best. Not to mention i couldnt find anyone to help look for my beer that was seemingly not there. I haven't been to them all but while I'd give the falling rock in denver a 9.5/10 this place would barely reach a 5 and that just on selection alone.. Sorry guys.
5	THE premier craft beer destination in the Valley of the Sun.  If you want to try a beer you've never had, I guarantee you find new and different labels at Papago.    Decent pub grub and fair drink prices make this place an ultra-chill beer nirvana.
5	The first time I came here was during the day and it was filled with an older crowd and had this very divey feel to it, but the beer was good! Only complaint was the chips and salsa which didn't seem very homemade. Lol.Decided to give it another shot and came in the evening for dinner and drinks. And wow! This place is awesome later in the day. Very good vibe and friendly staff. Lots of beer on tap. Pizza and sandwiches are also very tasty!I now come here every couple weeks and will continue to return for dinner and drinks. Never been here past 10pm so not sure how it gets later in the night, but the dinner crowd and service is highly recommended!
5	Mmmmmmm.......Papago Orange Blossom...........This gem is kinda hidden in the Papago plaza on the SW corner or Scottsdale Rd and McDowell. Pl-enty of seating available (2 rooms) and pl-enty of good brews. The taps change every so often, but some things are always available. Like the orange blossom, their most popular brew. So good. They also have a few fridges full of bottles in case youre not into whatever theyre featuring on tap. The staff is awesome. Nice, witty, and theyll help you pick out the perfect brew for you (dont be shy, just ask)!Cant wait to come back and try the food as well.
5	Orange Blossom Ale - best weird beer I've ever had.  The sell this brew at the Yard House for those of us in the west valley.
5	Orange Blossom is my favorite! I really like coming here to have fun and relax with friends. They have so many beers to choose from its great. Tons of games to play and very spacious.
5	We love this place! I just wish we lived closer to it. This is becoming a standard hangout for my boyfriend and I, as we are total beer snobs. And this place fits the bill. Great pizza, but the reason you come here is for the beer! Not only do they make great beers (Coconut Joe and Orange Blossom, oh yeah) but their tap selection changes frequently and you can always find something good and usually something new to try. We love coming here to see what's new. I got a Papago beer club membership for Christmas, so I will definitely keep coming back!
3	Went on a Saturday mid-afternoon. The place had some people in it but unfortunately only two servers or one server and a bartender when we arrived. After a bit of a wait because of the lack of personnel we ordered a beer, which was the Orange Blossom. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Another lengthy wait later (probably 10-15min later) we were able to place our food order. We ordered the T-Rex Pizza, which is a meat lovers per se. The pizza was good, nothing extraordinary, probably not really worth the wait, but we were pretty hungry. The pizza wasn't really fully loaded, it could have used a lot more toppings. All in all the experience was as it says next to the stars A-OK.
5	again? of course. packed house last night but still great!
4	We dragged into Scottsdale after a long afternoon of fighting traffic and, after checking into our motel, started to look for a decent place to grab a beer and a bite to eat.A bit of internet searching turned up Papago Brewing Company right next door to our motel. The extensive beer list sounded intriguing, and the menu of mostly pizza and sandwiches sounded like just what we needed after a tiring afternoon, so we headed on over.First, a small warning...if you're using a GPS to navigate, be aware that it may land you a half a block away from the restaurant. We wandered around the block a couple of times before we figured out that the restaurant was located in the small Papago Plaza shopping center, on the corner of Scottsdale Road and McDowell Road.Inside, it's pleasantly "pubby," with lots of wood and a combination of tables and counter seating. I liked the hundreds of beer tap handles decorating the rafters and exposed beams. The use of cardboard six-pack holders as silverware and napkin holders on the tables was also a nice touch.We decided to order a large pizza topped with artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, and fresh basil for dinner (their pizzas only come in large and personal, and the large is a good bit too big for two, but our motel room had a fridge, so we decided what the heck...the leftovers would be good for breakfast!). The pizza came out promptly, and was just what the doctor ordered: thin, nicely crispy crust, tangy sauce, and just the right amount of cheese (I like my cheese a bit on the light side). I could have asked for a more liberal hand with the toppings, but that's just me. It was a really good pizza, and I'd order it again (and maybe just ask for a few more artichoke hearts and olives!).To drink, we each had their signature Orange Blossom Ale...a wonderfully creamy wheat ale delicately infused with mandarin and vanilla, served with an orange slice on the rim. It was soooooo good! The orange and vanilla flavors perfectly complemented the slight sweetness of the wheat beer...nothing too sweet, but a perfectly harmonious combination. If I lived in the area, it would definitely be a favorite!Service was prompt, helpful and friendly. Nothing to complain about there.Should we find ourselves in the area again, we will definitely be repeat customers.
4	30 taps and yummy beer. I'm in.
5	Wow. This place is superb. It is hard to notice it if you are driving by, and unless you take the leap in and just go for it, you would think its a dive... Oh, but Papago is hardly that!~Fud/DrinkOn my second visit, I had the Orange Blossom beer. I didn't have it the first time, because I was an idiot. Being a non-idiot, I quickly ordered a pint, which subsequently went into my belly super quick. This is my personal favorite beer, no question about it. It is refreshing, yet smooth, has no bite or acidic after taste, and is great by itself or with a dish. Speaking of dishes, they make some mighty tasty bar food. I had a pizza on the first visit, which filled me up and was exceptional. On the most recent visit, I had the red pepper hummus, which surprised me in its above-par flavor. There is a variety of dishes available, all which will fill you up and give your beer a good stomach-fellow. They have so many beers on tap, you would be a fool not to find at least one that suits your fancy. This is a must-go for any beer fan, you will be very satisfied with the options in front of you.~Atmosphere/Service~Like I said, it seemed at first like a dive, being in a strip center without much signage, minus the outside glass job they did to the store-front. Inside is a lot of wood, which gives you the feel for an old-school bar and a Midwestern  feel. It feels inviting, and there more than enough space for you and some friends to chill at. There is also a side room I did not notice until now, that is available if there is a large crowd, so space issues aren't a concern. As for service, it seems to be about average. After waiting about 4 minutes for a server to come to me I simply walked up and ordered instead of waiting and getting upset. Eventually a seat opened up at the bar and the server helped me when I asked for another type of beer. They seem a bit busy, so you do have to ask for their attention. The waitstaff aren't rude, they just seem semi-attentive. I will service gauge this a bit more as I continue to come back. Overall, I am satisfied :)~Extras/Rating~I must suggest finding a seat at the bar if you are coming with another friend. It seems to mean much quicker service and also gives you an idea about selection of beers of course. Please also note the HUGE selection of carry-out beers they have in front of the bar itself. A huge huge selection, which is great if you are not near a Total Wine but want to select your own craft beer six pack. The bonus over Total Wine is that they are all cold! One sad downside is that they only serve the Orange Blossom in a Growler, no six pack avail for any of their beers. Oh well! Five Stars goes out to this place for the quality beers, inviting atmosphere, the tasty bar food that tastes fresh,  the large selection of take out beers, and for the best beer of them all: The Orange Blossom! This is the best brewery I have been to in AZ, its to be determined if another one can carry the weight that Papago has. Come and enjoy!
5	Great local tap and bottle selection. Good prices and good service. I couldn't be happier about this place. They even have numerous board and card games on hand if you need help passing the time.
4	In town for a meeting, I researched local brewpubs and decided to try Papago as it wasn't far from where I was staying. Don't let the declining strip mall location scare you off. Good food, good service, and a laid-back atmosphere make for a very good experience. I tried the Belgian pizza and a Papago El Robusto American porter. Both were excellent. They also have a great selection of other craft brews on tap, and an incredible bottle selection, many of which are hard to find elsewhere in the state. I just wish I didn't have an early meeting the next day or I would have tried a few more!
2	I have always really liked this little dark and dingy hole in the wall for the beer only.  Their food is not good.  There isnt anything good on the menu other than beer dont even bother with it cuz over the years my husband and I have tried about 5 different things and they all consistently sucked however, the beer made up for it.  Its not like a typical brewery like lets say a Gordon Biersch where they have a few they make all year round and then 1 seasonal beer.  Papago specializes in beer.   Local beer, micro breweries, from other countries, states etc. If you have never been here it is definitely something to experience.  Papago is only getting a 2 star from me because the food sucks now and always has but also because we had the worst service there ever today.  We walked in and it was a bit busier than it usually is during the afternoon.  There were no seats at the bar so we sat at a table close by and tried to be patient but the servers were actively ignoring us and other customers were going to the bar since they were unable to get service.  After about 10 minutes of waiting I said excuse me to the waitress that walked by.  She definitely heard me and she didnt care so I went to the bar and asked the man if there was anyone to take care of the tables he said sure be there in a minute.  I asked if I could get a coconut joe and if I could sample 1 of the other coffee beers so I could figure out which of the 2 coffee beers I would take home with me and I told him that.  He said sure no prob.  My husband asked for a sample of something and another beer.  This guy brought me a tiny little sliver of a sample.  It was maybe 2 tablespoons.  The other samples he brought were a little bigger around 4 tablespoons.  He misunderstood my husband and rather than bringing him a sample of the one he asked for the guy brought him a full beer so my husband tastes it doesnt like it but based on the servers really crappy attitude there was no way my husband was going to say anything.  So the guy asks me if I liked the sample and I asked him for a full beer of it and said I couldnt really tell because there wasnt much in that glass. He got a bit pissy you could tell.  He must not have realized I asked for a full beer because he went and got me another sample and I said oh thank you that was nice.  Trying to lighten his mood which it did seem to do for a second then he said oh I brought you the wrong one that was what my husband was drinking the one he didnt like.  I am guessing he did it on purpose and then re thought it when I was nice to him.  Anyway long story way longer when I got the bill he charged 1.84 each for these tiny little samples that we got one that was not even a sample it was more like sweat on the glass.  I wasnt havin that crap.  I am not a newb.  I have been here before dude.  I asked him whats this?  He said oh well we are supposed to charge for the sample I am just doing what I was trained to do.  I said wow ok I never knew you charged for samples I have come for years this is the first time someone charged for a sample.  He says well I dont normally do that when people buy a beer but you said that one sample was too small.  I said wow I could see it all over your face how pissed off and aggravated you were that we wanted to sample but honestly we didnt ask for much only 2 a piece and we did buy a beer we bought several and brought two growlers in to fill to bring home.  We had a $55 bill.  Is this guy insane?  I normally dont do that if you buy a beer?  Am I in the twitlight zone.  Yes I said TWITLIGHT.  What a freakin TWIT.  So the idiot twit said I am done with you.  Can you believe this ass said I am done with you?   To my face none the less.  When I told him I could read his body language about how pissed off he was that was when he said I am done with you.  Little Effer.  I am done with you dude and done with that little hole in the wall and the bad treatment.  This little effer twit almost had a $10 or more tip but instead we left there with a bad taste in our mouth, he got a $1 tip and Papago gets this crappy review.
4	Not the biggest menu for food, but the beer is delicious and the orange blossom beer is absolutely hands down the best beer I have ever tasted! Go here for the beer or even better go where they have it on tap!
4	If you like IPAs, you must try the Hopago IPA. So delicious - flavorful and a little sweet. I definitely preferred this over the Four Peaks Hop Knot. Anyway - this place is all about beer - from the tap handles they have lined all across the ceiling to the amazing bottled beer selection to the beers on draft. If you are a beer drinker, this is definitely the place to go and hang out.(One downside - there are a couple dart boards, but the darts they offer are pretty weak, so bring your own or don't play after a couple beers.)
3	So I have been in to this place several times and I would normally say they are worth giving five stars but my last visit wasn't so great. There beer selection is one of the best! You can create your own six pack and even by growlers! The option to make your own six pack makes for a great gift! The location is kind of hidden but when you first walk in your pretty surprised to see how big the restaurant actually is. Food - is pretty good I'd give them a an "B"- Try a pizza so far I've had the best luck with those. The Margarita pizza is great and the T-Rex is great for those meat lovers!!Beer- Beer I would give an A++ Amazing beers in bottles. You can seriously find something for everyone! Draft beers are also superb- they have about 26 beers on tap and they majority of them are seasonal or rotating drafts ( which also is awesome if you like to try new things) the main guy behind the bar (dirty blonde hair) is extremely knowledgeable!! Tell him what you like or what you are in the mood for and i would be surprised if he didn't meet your need on the first try! If you get the right bar tender he will also mix beers to your liking (kinda interesting). Staff - I've had both good and bad experiences so I'll give them a "B-"The last time I was in was by far the worst experience I had. We sat at the bar and it took the guy (brown hair and glasses) around five minuets to even notice we were sitting right in front of him. He didn't even say "hello" he just handed us menus and walked away. (not the way to start off) a few minuets later he came back and stood behind the bar and was cleaning dishware (just looked at us but didn't ask us for your drink order) we had to ask to order some beer... After giving us both samples (which felt like pulling teeth) we both ordered a beer. He then continued with the glasses without saying a word. as we looked over the menu and decided what we were going to eat we once again had to get his attention to take our order then again he turned around without saying a word. We both finished our beers (empty glasses) while he was standing right in front of us didn't ask if we wanted another beer or water... anything.. we hadn't even had our food yet so obviously we wanted another drink. Once again we had to get his attention to get another beer. After our food came out we enjoyed our entire meal without him coming over once to ask if everything was okay (my boyfriend actually had to get up and get napkins and silverware because he didn't offer us any when our food came). All in all I was totally confused by our experience this time around. the fact that we had to basically wave a red flag in front of his face to get his attention through our entire visit, the fact he didn't once make any attempt to make conversation ( you are a bartender/server isn't it your job to make customers feel comfortable and have an enjoyable experience?) I would have totally understood if this would have been a crazy busy night but It was a Monday night and the restaurant wasn't even remotely busy... it was odd.I'll be back again to bring out-of -towners ( they always love this place) but until then I don't think I'll be back soon.
5	If you live in south Scottsdale or ASU region of Tempe and have not been here you need to go. They have games, darts, billiards, board, they have food to order and of course they have beer. Along with their own brews (which are very good) they have guest brews on tap that make them have one of the better selections in the valley. They also have fridge cases with bottled beer to go or to stay and they're a friendly enough staff. Just a good place to meet up with friends and have some good drinks, do yourself a favor and visit if you're in the are I'm sure you won't be let down.
4	I LOVE this place, have been coming for years.  Amazing beer and good food.  The only thing keeping it from that 5th star is the service!  I recommend bringing cash and going to the bar for every beer (even then you may not get great service).  I have sat there for what seems an eternity before we get service. It's a great atmosphere to play games or meet up with a large group.  It can get a little loud if there are a lot of people and the jukebox is going but they do have a new extension area that is a little quieter (however, there is no service in there at all). My favorite thing on the menu is the mozzarella sandwich and the beer bites with peanut dipping sauce.
4	The More beers the better!!
4	This place is great. The beer selection is amazing and the food tastes awesome. I stop by every time i'm in town for some beers, food, and (multiple) growlers to take home with me. I also make sure to bring all of my friends to check it out when they're with me! They too also stop there whenever they're in town now :)Go to Papago once and you'll definitely be hooked...be sure to try the Orange Blossom beer...it's basically one of the best beers ever brewed. Just saying.
4	This place is more like a sports bar than anything. They got the game playing, tons of beers in bottles. And they got a pretty interest line up of beers on draft. I wanted to try their IPA, but they didn't have any more on draft. They substituted for another IPA, so all is well. They had a wheat beer that tasted like captain crunch(yes the cereal), that was kind of cool.
4	3.5 starsThey have a huge selection of bottled beer and around 15 beer on draft. It's a very low key spot where you can come with some friends and just hang out and enjoy some beer. Tried the orange blossom (very fruity) and chocolate stout which was really good.
4	Four stars for the BEER and layout, but NOT for the pizza. Killing time before a flight back home, we stopped in looking for a good brew and certainly found it here. The selection was great. Heavy on the west coast and mountain breweries. We had papagos coconut coffee and their American black ale. The coconut coffee was beyond belief. Very refreshing for a coffee beer, the coconut tasted natural and not overly sweet while the coffee tied the beer together, balancing it out at the finish. We loved it, and were surprised because we usually don't go for beers that run the risk of being gimmicky. American black ale was less noteworthy besides that it filled its own style category. It was a solid all around east-drinking dark beer similar to a brown ale without the sometimes cloying maltiness of one.Now the pizza... We had read reviews that led us to believe it was great, so we ordered a custom green chile-cilantro-roasted garlic. It came out fast and upon seeing it we both cringed at the pat of melted cheese and sparse toppings. It was like a teaspoon of chile was sinking in an gallon of glop. The crust was do undercooked that I couldn't even hold the slices. Cooking it more would have helped improve its consumability, but then there was the sauce. It was overly sweet and unidimensional flavored excessively by oregano. The entire pie was reminiscent of a frozen pizza with an extra half pound of cheese on top.$20 for that makes it yet harder to stomach.So 4 stars for the beer and atmosphere, but we were saddened to waste half the pie and even sadder that our appetites for more of the beer were ruined by the food we did try to force down knowing we had a long flight ahead! I don't know what the Scottsdale pizza scene is like, but can people here really think its "pretty darn good" as I have read in numerous beer advocate reviews????
5	Love the vibe of this place! Eclectic people who love beer and great food! Friendly service. I enjoyed the tomato and mozzarella salad! It was fun to look at wide variety of beers. (I am not a beer drinker!) when I told some local friends I had been there they raved about the orange blossom!
4	The orange blossom beer is the best!  I've never tried the food here, only the beers.  I love that you can get a growler of your favorite to take with you.
4	A good variety of tap beers, including stuff that is hard to find anywhere. And a very good selection of chilled bottles that you can buy and take with you. Also, the happy hour prices were very decent, $4.41 I think for a pint of non-premium beer, but really only the high octane or rare stuff is what they priced as premium. Finally, the bartender, I don't recall his name, knew his beer. Overall, a good beer experience.
4	Had no idea that I would find a brewery tucked away in this shopping center. There is a giant case of beers which people can walk over to and pick out for purchase. I sat at the bar and tried a few beers on the tap. Both my choices were great including the Orange Blossom and the Coconut Coffee Stout. As usual, a whole bunch of regulars at this place, but only about 8 seats at the main bar. Probably could use another TV set at bar also, but very good beers and I only sampled two of about 25 on tap.
1	First off it does not stand out in anyway. I was looking for a big brewery and it's just a small spot in a plaza. The decor is an old library mixed with a rundown dive bar. I sat down and looked over the beer list, 25-30 beers on tap which is cool.  My friends rave about the pizza here so I was going to order the T-Rex, but my waitress passed by me 7 times and didn't care to take my order. After that I lost interest and didn't want to eat here anymore and finally flagged her down, paid for my beer and left.As for the Orange Blossom, if you ever wondered what a creme soda would taste like in beer form this is it. Not a fan.
3	I've been to Papago and handful of times and love the low-key tavern like environment. I have only tried their Orange Blossom Beer- It is tasty. I want to go back and try their food.
4	Excellent beer selection. Also, they allow you to take beer to go- offering the best selection of to-go bottled beers I have seen in a long time.
5	Excellent service & the atmosphere is great! It was busy and we were greeted right away by a waitress. I was the only female in my group & the bartender was very patient & provided excellent beer recommendations. We will definitely be coming back!
4	This is my favorite local, neighborhood bar to grab a beer. The environment is mellow and laid back--the perfect place to unwind after a crazy day. They have a great beer selection, and the staff is generally very friendly and knowledgeable. Can't beat the Orange Blossom! Also love the jukebox.It seems like it takes a while to get food once you order it, but prices are fair, and I'm never really in a hurry when I get there. Doesn't bother me.
2	Great beer. Not so great food and service. I always go here on Thursday nights before and/or after a show at Jesterz next door. I absolutely love the Papago Orange Blossom, but the problem is the service and the food. The first thing I thought was weird was the fact that they are a bar but they do not serve regular burgers, chicken tenders, or french fries. One time I ordered a pizza and waited 30 minutes before I called the waitress over and she claimed I had never ordered anything. The next time I ordered the meatball sliders and I basically paid 10 dollars for 3 meatballs and a bag of chips. I like the environment but it can get really noisy when busy. I would recommend this place to grab a beer at but would not recommend for food or service.
4	Extensive beer selection and laid back spot.
4	Papago really is a great place.  Dozens of tap handles, hundreds of beers in the cooler and a basic but quite good menu.The ONLY thing keeping that 5th star away, is that the place has a dirty feel.  Not old or modest or even run down from years of use, like a dive bar,  but like sanitation is not of the utmost importance.  Too many sticky /  fingeprinted / splattered looking things for 5 stars.
3	Lots of beer on draft. Lots of beer in bottles for purchase. My husband had a pizza, which he enjoyed. I had a salad which was decent. For the size of the salad, the amount of dressing was pathetic. It looks like not a single staff-person has cleaned this place since it opened. Not overly impressed.
2	Conflicted on this review but I am going to stick to my guns.  I am a HUGE fan of Papago beers and love that they have 25-30 on top plus 7682763 beers (not actual number) in bottles that you can drink there or take home.  It is extremely loud inside which some nights can be tolerable but if you get a table of guys shouting at each other it can be distracting if you are looking to hang with friends.My meh review comes from the food.   Their menu has a lot of variety and everyone loves pizza right?  I ordered the Pretzel which itself was amazing, just the right amount of chewy and fluffy.  The cheese sauce it came with did nothing for the dish.I also ordered the California BLT salad and here is where more disappointment came in.  I ordered the  1/2 size which was a huge portion but it really did disappoint.  The avocado slices on the salad were not ripe and were rock hard.  The diced chicken was so bland and dry it tasted like it had been boiled.  The worst part was the bacon.  It was clearly the kind of pre-cooked, thin sliced bacon you can buy in the store.  The whole thing was pretty half assed with ingredients that aren't that difficult to make.Over all I wanted to give 5 stars but the place gets 5 stars for beer, 3 for ambiance because of how loud it gets and a solid 1 on the food.  I know it is a brewery and I should expect much in regards to food but come on, it's not that hard.
3	You know, I'm going to keep this simple.If you're looking for a good selection of beer on draft, go here.If you're looking for beer AND food, look for other options.Came here at lunch time with some co-workers and wasn't impressed by the limited menu, at all. Food was decent but I have experienced much much better food from other breweries.The Octoberfest that was on draft, was fantastic. Because of that I will give 3 stars, though I would love a 2.5 star option.
5	One of my favorite places!  Incredible beer selection, shuffleboard, good A/C; what more could you possibly want?
4	Great beer selection, staff was very friendly.  Itailian sandwich a bit high priced, but very good. Will go back
3	This is pretty much a local joint.  Nothing wrong with that but don't expect a Gordon Biersch.  They have a nice selection of drafts and a huge selection of cold bottles.  I had a pizza that was decent.  Both the staff and customers are very welcoming of non-locals so if you are in the area, it is worth the stop.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place. The bar hasn't been cleaned in who knows how long. The coolers are disgusting. This was a terrible experience! If I was an owner I'd be appalled at the condition this place is in.  Absolutely disgusting. I should submit the photos I took to the health board. Filthy establishment.
3	The service here is terrible. The beer selection is awesome and the food is good, so I keep coming back. Just don't expect them to visit your table very often.
5	Best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer.  1/2 orange blossom and 1/2 Elsie's is amazing.  They brew great beer at Papago or you could try something from the coolers or rotating taps.
5	I mean, I'm a regular.  I clearly enjoy it here. The darts in the front are my favorite....along with Orange Blossom like everyone else and their mother.  It's so good I could brush my teeth with it. The food is nothing to write home about, but the pizza is pretty decent.  The spin dip is....just.....bleh.  Just stick with pizza and beer.  I do like that I can pick up a growler of orange blossom on the way home.  I also really enjoy playing shuffle board in the back room.  Oh another thing I really enjoy....the board games.  They have JENGA! Hell yeassss!It's a great place, in a tiny strip mall, with great beer.  Who'd a thunk it ?!  Pretty much everyone has been here so I don't think it takes too much explaining on why it's fantastic.  So to sum it up....games, beer, games...beer.  Enjoy!
5	I really can't add much that hasn't already been said.  If you love good beer, and being around people who love good beer, this place is THE BEST.  We always have great service and most recently we tried the white pizza and it was delicious.  I wish we lived closer.  Or, maybe it's good that we don't live closer.   One of our favorite places in the Phoenix area for sure.
1	Horrendous service - went based on a  recommendation from friends. It was hard to find, and should have stayed hidden. The service was horrible - I rarely leave less than 20%, but this time it was warranted. The bartender refused to acknowledge my partner and I, and we were sitting in the bar area. She seemed overwhelmed. The menus that she finally gave us were sticky. It took her about another 10 minutes to get our beers. The pizza came before our beers, and there weren't a lot of people that she was helping.Horrible pizza with a sweet sauce, tons of unmelted cheese, and extremely thick crust. Now mart of that may be personal preference to have a thin crust, but at least everything on the pizza should melt, and it should not be a mix of sweet and savory.Stay away from their beers on tap - all of them were extremely sweet. If you do find yourself here, go for the variety of beer from different breweries in the cases.
5	Three words: Papago Orange Blossom! Great spot that features one of the best beer selections in town. They have a pint of the week and also features an extensive take out beer selection. Of course I can never turn away from the usual choice of Papago Orange Blossom. I take a growler of it home every time, that's how good it is.I've got shirts, growlers and even tap handles from Papago so trust me when I say it's a must stop if in the neighborhood. Don't be fooled by the strip mall that looks abandon type of vibe. It may be tricky to find but worth the look.Added bonus they have darts, shuffleboard, and board games all for free!!
1	I very seldom write negative reviews but unfortunately this one was needed. I went to Papago on a Wednesday night, there were probably 20 or so people in there. I sat down at a table and started browsing through the menu. 30 minutes later someone finally came up to me and asked what I wanted to drink and I ordered one of their beers. It came out pretty quick but the waitress just dropped it off fast and left. I finished the beer in about 10 minutes and wanted to order food and another drink but no one ever came back to help me. Other tables around me were being waited on and that same waitress (Younger blonde, don't know her name since she never told me nor even cared to serve me) was visiting them but not coming to me.I ended up sitting there for over an hour from the last time she came to see me. She never even came back to give me a bill. After that, I put the money for the beer on my table and walked out. I have never had service so bad before. Too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer. It is not like they were slammed or anything, just poor service. I unfortunately will not be back due to this experience.
4	Don't let the strip mall location fool you!Papago takes their craft beer very, very seriously. Since I've only indulged in liquid calories here, I can't speak to the food...and thus I shall not. So back to the beer! They boast an impressive 30 rotating taps of draft beer and apparently don't repeat drafts so you never see the same lineup. Judging by all the draft taps lining the walls and scattered throughout the interior of the bar, they have indeed gone through a lot of beer. They also claim to have over 500 different bottled beers to drink on site or take home for some enjoyment later on. There is a good amount of cooler space full of brews so I'll take their word for it! However, they don't only sell the wares of others, they also brew their own beer on site. Score! They offer flights of three drafts, so while I was there I opted for the apparently world famous Orange Blossom ale (a wheat ale), the Hopago (an IPA), and Oude Zuipers (a Belgian strong ale). The Orange Blossom ale didn't blow my socks off like it apparently does for the locals (I think I'm just not an orange brew kind of guy), but all the drafts were tasty and well done. The interior of Papago is pretty wide open with ample seating throughout, a small bar with some seating, and darts and other pub games scattered throughout. Service is seemingly not very speedy or attentive, but it's not terrible (or at least it was not the day that I visited). Oh, for the non-hopheads, they do offer a few different wines as well. If I lived locally, I know I'd be visiting this magical strip mall regularly.
5	A craft beer heaven. Food is bomb too when you get the drunk munchies :)
1	Horrid service time and time again.  Great food and great beer once you do get it.  The decor and lighting is not amenable to long waits and feels like some dude's basement which is really a disservice to people that have to wait long periods of time to be ignored.Don't like this review?  Take it up with your consistently bad servers--enough people have consistently complained.
4	Dropped by here on my way out of Arizona to see a friend. She thought I would like this place and I did. No pretentiousness, variety of crowd, and one of the best beers Iv'e had in recent memory- The Orange Blossom Ale sparked my interest, and the server informed me it was the most popular choice. It had a balanced flavor similar to a blue moon but 3 times better. The beers are big 20 oz pours and the prices are around 5 dollars each. I didn't get to try the food, but based on the fun time I had, I would absolutely come here again.
4	Went here because my apartment manager recommended it and gave me a voucher for 15% off.  They ended up honoring the 15% coupon after the waitress ran it by her manager, so that was good.  Also, I give the food a 4 out of 5 star rating as it was really enjoyable and provided me with some leftovers.  Nice airy, open, clean interior.  I'll check it out again sometime.
3	I would give this place four stars based on the beer selection and food quality, but each time I've gone, the service has been sub par either due to inattentiveness or simply being understaffed. That being said, the beer selection is fantastic! One of my favorites is the orange blossom, which has a subtle vanilla taste. The food is great as well. My boyfriend and I usually get the soft pretzels with cheese fondue and the buffalo chicken pizza. The quantities are generous. Overall, I would definitely recommend Papago brewing as long as you aren't super hungry or in a rush.
3	We've gone in here a couple times when we've stayed at a nearby hotel and have to admit the service is s..l..o..w.  But the beer selection is always great and while slow the service is still friendly.  The first time we were put off by the building being in a strip mall but once inside it is a comfy, laid back, cool place.  I haven't tried the food but it looks and smells really good.  While I can understand the frustration in having to wait to be helped, we go in knowing we will have to be patient and it pays off in the end when you have a tasty cold beer in your hands.  We will be back.
3	Their Orange Blossom Beer is absolutely delightful and it goes well as a vinaigrette on their salads too. Service is spotty, but the beer is quite good with lots of tap choices. The food is okay, nothing to write home about but good enough for a little pub. There is only one big-screen TV here so if you're going to watch a game just know that in advance. There are racks outside for your bicycle, and you can even buy a 6-pack to go. Nice.
4	I really enjoy this place. It's quiet, cozy, and has really interesting decor. The beer selection is AMAZING!!! I try to have a different brew every time I order, but when the coconut stout is in, I have 2 of them...ok maybe 3. I have only had the pizza but it's been good each time. The service can be really slow sometimes and they don't routinely refill the waters. I've even ordered a beer when the waitress brought the ones we already ordered, that way I knew we wouldn't be waiting so long for the next round.
4	Though the service is lacking, the brews are spot on. The Orange Blossom is a staple at this place. Crisp and refreshing any time of year. Coconut Joe is another favorite of mine. The pizzas are great too! They have an expanded menu now too, the beer bites are fantastic and again, the pizza...specifically the T-Rex.pizza. if you like meat, do it.
5	Beer aficionado paradise!This ugly southwestern strip mall houses this hidden gem.  Literally you can barely see it- I've been here over 5 times yet always do a double drive by!You walk in and you're wondering "did I walk into a lumberjack's grocery store?" Wood paneling everywhere, people with beards, and old TVs that aren't even flat screen.  The only plus is that there is a nice bar area backed up by a wall of chilled beer to purchase & take home. So how is this place 5 stars?!?The beer!  The pizza!  Every time I come here I force my group to get a large buffalo chicken pizza.  By far the best I've had.  Little pockets of blue cheese, chicken, buffalo sauce, and celery give each bite a different yummy combo.My favorite beer of all time is Papago orange blossom!  My friends had fun choosing beer as well.  Amazing beer list!
3	Great beer selection but that's about it. Sketchy crowd, dungeon-like lighting and weird music selection.
5	The only element that ever changes around here is taplist and the selection was outstanding, per usual, yesterday afternoon.  Oh yeah, and they remembered to place our food order...good times.
1	I want to like this place but I just don't. This is my third time here and everytime service has been slow at best. Moved all day today and wanted to take my parents out for lunch so we chose Papago. We sit down and were told we couldn't split checks at one table unless we each provide a credit card which was strange we were one of two tables in the building. my parents were served a coconut Joe at over 60 degrees and when I asked about it they said oh sorry our compressor is not working. A craft beer bar without a working cooler? I ordered pulled pork sliders and  chips and the sliders were tasty but for 11 bucks served on a plastic tray and a bag of store bought chips? there are far better values around the valley that have homemade food served on real plates. Like I said I want to like this place I read about it in national magazines like Draft and others but from my three experiences there are far better craft beer bars around the valley with homemade food, faster service and better prices.
4	Excellent beer selection and laid back atmosphere.  Love that they have some games to play too.
4	I agree with comments about the ugliness of the strip  mall exterior of Papago Brewing, but this is a fine example of why not to judge a book by its cover.  Inside, an open,fun atmosphere awaits with a great selection of microbrews, local and otherwise.  The food looked good but I didn't get to sample it on my visit.  There were games on hand to play at your table (Jenga, trivia,etc).  I had the Huss That'll Do IPA and it was great.   Truth be told, you'd be hard pressed not to find something you like as they rotate about 30 different taps.  My only complaint had to do with the server regarding recommendations -- I get it, you only serve good beer here, but if I ask what the current favorite is or what you (as in, you the server) prefer, an honest answer does me more good than your telling me "they're all excellent".  Anyways, this was definitely good and worth another visit!  Will have to eat something next time!
3	Simply put, 5 stars for the beer selection, 4 for service, 2 for food and space. More texture...the beer selection is excellent they know there stuff and are very helpful with selection. The tap beer provenance, with at least our choices were solid, and there are hundreds of chilled bottled beers available as well. Well played. The food on the other hand was a disappointment. Bland, boring and prepared with little care. Lazily prepared Quesadilla was burnt, and the salad looked bagged and tired.Go for the beer, stay for the...beer.
3	Three stars for beer, service sucks and the food is typical bar food, again service sucks, no really, it really sucks.
1	We love Papago's Orange Blossom beer which we usually enjoy at a nearby restaurant.  Today we decided to try out the brew pub because we are looking for a fun destination place with good beer and food. It was Saturday 1:30 pm.  We sat down within 15 ft of the bar and was passed by the waitress at least 3 times including when she picked something up from the counter right next to my husband.  After waiting 20 minutes she finally stopped and asked what we wanted to drink, we had to ask for menus and no water was offered. When she finally returned I wanted to try something new so told her my preferences and asked her for a suggestion.  She seemed inconvenienced and made a suggestion which I agreed to quickly.  I'm not sure what she brought me but it tasted like Budweiser and never bothered to ask if I liked it during our stay.  We ordered pork sliders and an appetizer to share.  After a 30 minute wait we received our food and the sliders were meatball.  After another 10 min I was able to catch her attention and told her we had requested pork sliders, she replied "yeah, those are meatball"...like she already knew, or didnt' care that it was wrong.  My husband said that was okay he would keep them (we had waited so long already).  On the bill she did change the charge to meatball.... HOWEVER, we did not want meatball sliders (tasted like store bought meatballs on 3" mini-pretzel buns)...and taking a bit more off the bill would have been smart business.  We were not asked if we wanted another round, if the food was okay, or if we needed anything.   The bill was $30 and not worth half that. The seating is limited to wooden chairs, not comfortable for more than an hour.  All in all, it was disappointing.
4	This place came recommended by a friend. I went and was not impressed by the parking lot....double checked to make sure my doors were locked. Went in- nice little place, great beer selection in the cooler. Ordered the little Joe coconut coffee stout made on-site. SO GOOD ordered another. We had the Margarita Pizza and the Caprese Crisp to boot. Both were excellent brew-pub style food. Good food, good beer, good friends, good times etc. The wait for the food was a bit long but the beer was right on time and lets face it.......my priority was the beer at that point. I'll be going back for sure. Would have given it a 5th star if the service on the food was faster. Wait staff was very knowledgeable too.
3	I didn't try any of their own beers, but I was able to try some Odell's that was on draft (not available in San Diego) and we chose a few good bottles from their fridges...very good selection of bottles to choose from. My only complaint is the lack of transparency in terms of pricing. They don't have a master bottle list (that's fine, I'm sure the availability changes rapidly), but they also didn't have the prices on the bottles, which I found odd. I have a rough estimate of how much most of those bottles should cost, but I want to be sure I'm not getting hosed here. I inquired about a bottle that isn't available most places (a FiftyFifty Eclipse from 2012), since those bottles are only distinguishable by the color of their wax tops, and even that can vary based on the year. I asked if they knew which specific style it was and got an "I'm not sure" in response. It would have been nicer to hear "Let me find out for you...", but hey, whatever, that's what smartphones are for. I was able to look it up in about a minute, and since it was one I hadn't yet tried, thought it might be a good time to give it a shot. I know how much the bottles retail for, so I asked how much that bottle would cost, and the answer was "Are you drinking it here?". Again, kind of odd, since I'm still not sure how the location that it's opened affects the price. I asked what the difference in price would be, and the employee heads over to the computer to let me know. He says drinking it there would be "about $35", but taking it to go would be "about $32". His co-coworker hears this and corrects him saying that it's $30 to go. Huh? The price is reasonable for that bottle, but why the almost 20% price difference based on where I drink it? I get a discount for NOT drinking in your bar? Am I getting charged a $5 fee to use your glassware? Something about this still seems weird to me.
5	Beer is good, service is great always helpful.  Need to come around more often as there are so many to choose from.
3	Atmosphere a 2 out of 5 and there beer own beer on tap not many choices so it's a 2 service is 3.
4	I love coming to breweries when I visit a new city. This one didn't disappoint. The location kind of sucked--in a strip mall some blocks away from the downtown Scottsdale action. I still think it's worth a trip. Great beer selection--both local and not. They only have a couple they brew themselves and I wouldn't recommend them, to be honest. They have TVs to watch sports, darts, and board games just lying around. Really fun. I can speak highly for the pizza but didn't try anything else. Good place.
5	Orange Blossom. Several of them. I love everything about this bar - friendly staff, 30+ craft brews on tap (plus 100s of bottles you can buy), and the food looks good too!
3	Stopped in for lunchtime beers and snacks on Saturday. Tried the nachos and the Thai chicken pizza here this time.   The nachos were pretty weak.  Bland chips and processed cheese.  The pizza was pretty good, though.  Per usual, the beer selection was good but our server was pretty much oblivious to the beers available.  She wasn't able to answer any of our questions and had no recommendations.  I still like this place, but the food's hit or miss.
4	Love the beer. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Service can use some work.  It's not a hurry up n grab a bite n drink type of place. Highly recommended tho.
4	Been to  Papago several times but it's been almost a year since my last visit.  Heck checking my old photos I have several in front of the padre statue, but I realized that I never reviewed PBC so here it is!As most of my brewery reviews go, I love local craft breweries. I find myself pretty much only drinking local beers when I'm around town and my fridge only holds local beers. That saying Papago is a good brewery. Why not great brewery?? Well that has to do with my love of actual beer that the local brewery actually brews and carries. On my visit today I was highly disappointed that they only had 2 beers of their own. That said, they had like 30 other tap beers which was great. But I can go to yard house or another big chain brew pub to get a lot of different beers. It's just so much special to drink a beer that the brewery made. We ordered the orange blossom for my wife. I'm not a fan of flavored beers, but I can see why this is their marquee beer. Lite, Creamy, fresh. Great beer, I just personally couldn't drink more than a few sips but that's my personal preference. Founders brewery just had a release party here so they had several of their beers. From what our server said they don't ever serve out side of Michigan so it was a big deal they were here. Their IPA and Rye were excellent!Best thing about Papago is the beer fridge where you can buy mix and match bottles and cans of beers on the go. We ended up making our own 6 pack to go. Overall Papago does have the charm of a local brewery. I can see how people just want to sit and enjoy beer and enjoy good company. For that it easily gets 4 stars. So when they have more beer of their own in tap I may update my review. Guess I was a lil miffed that they didn't have their Irish milk stout on tap today!! Oh well, still a great brewery and worth the visit!
4	We are definitely fans!  Came back for another visit since we were in the area again and I have to say service has improved tremendously!  Everyone was eager to help us and they were all very friendly without being annoying.  We have yet to try the food, next time.
4	Papago brewery is amazing! Great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from.... I'm like a kid in a candy store! The atmosphere is welcoming and casual. It's the kind of place to spend a happy hour or two or three with friends and family. Come check it out! You won't be disappointed.
4	Great place to kick back and have a few craft beers and scarf down awesome pizza!
4	Tasty selection of draft beers that are on constant rotation and an amazing selection of bottled varieties that are a sight to behold. The pizza is pretty darn tasty too!
4	I like Papago Brewing.However, I have one issue with this place, and despite the fact this is a pretty BIG issue I'm still giving them 4 stars. That issue...it seems like every time I've come here (and admittedly, it's only been a handful of times & this last time was the first time since I moved back to AZ, which was nearly a year ago) they're always out of a pretty good portion of the beers listed on tap. I mean, even with that being the case they still have a very large selection (they also have several bottled beers), but it's still a little frustrating to have to "settle" for something that's not your first choice. Other than that this place is great. I like the divey-pub atmosphere & the board game options. The service is fine & the people who work here all seem nice. This last time I was here I had the hummus, which was really yummy. They give you a lot of pita & veggies to go with it, and as strange as it sounds, the pita here is like, really good! It's warm & soft.Papago Brewing is kind of in a strange location (strip mall mostly surrounded by manicure, massage, yoga type places), but honestly, it's kind of nice to have a place like this in the neighborhood. Being out of beers on tap aside, this is a really great place!
4	Love the wide range of bottled choices available for in restaurant drinking and take home options. The pizza and appetizers are enough to keep you coming back! It's a laid back atmosphere so feel free to bring a deck of cards or utilize their dart or shuffle boards. Staff is knowledgable about beer slection and can make some recommendations, if necessary.
5	Great food and beer, ownership cares and responds quickly to any and all feedback!
4	This place has some of the best service i've seen. They made my pizza wrong, and before it came out they let me know what was going on and bought me a drink for waiting ~5 minutes after my friends got their food. The pizza was okay, nothing too crazy, but not awful.
4	got the pretzel bites and hummus and an orange blossom ale. Food was excellent the pretzel bites sauce I liked the best was the peanut sauce. Highly recommend this place
4	This place is great.  Keep in mind if I were just rating the beer, this place would get 5 stars.  This place always has a FANTASTIC selection of brews.  The food is pretty good, not great and it's got a divey atmosphere.  The beer chess has remanants of old patron's beers... ugh, but this place is fun and caters to like every type of beer taste.  Ignore the strip mall location, and enjoy.
3	When you walk in the place kinda smells like a Chuck E Cheese. Ordered a flight of 3 of their beers, wasn't super impressed. The Orange Blossom was probably the best one, but I don't think I could drink a whole one. The staff was nice and the beer fridge is pretty impressive.
4	I love beer.  So while on a weekend snowbird holiday (myself frm Seattle and my partner from Chicago) I decided to check out the great beer of Arizona.   Yelp indicated this was the closest brewery to the resort I was staying at.  I was disappointed to find out that they not only didn't brew their beer at this location, but they didn't have a wide selection of their beer.  On the upside they had an amazingly large tap selection along with a massive bottle offering.  Staff is very knowledgeable on the beer and superb recommendations. We told him our pallets and every time the beer was delicious.We also ordered food.  The pizza here was very good, I highly recommend it.  I also loved the feel of being a dive bar even though it was in a shopping center.  Oh yea, it's in a shopping center.   We were confused too.  To be 100% honest, this was the best place I went to on my weekend in Scottsdale.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good craft beer and a low light dive.
1	Immediately when we walked in and had a horrible feeling about this place. Awful ambiance and bad location. The music playing was 50s music which doesn't make sense for a bar. The server walked passed us multiple times without acknowledging us. Eventually she did and she was very rude. With all the restaurants available in scottsdale, I would definitely pass on this one. Skip it and grab sushi at Bei right down the road.
4	Love Papago Brewing! Just when you think you can't find a better "chick beer" than the Peach deliciousness at Four Peaks, you try the Orange Blossom from Papago Brewing and the game is forever changed! All the beers that they brew are great. Also, it has a great vibe; it's such an awesome regular bar, you know what I mean? Like the kind of bar where you might actually meet someone that you'd want to date, who knew those still existed? I came here yesterday with a friend and was pleasantly surprised to see a lot of young professionals unwinding and having a good time. They have darts and I think (if my memory serves correctly) they also have shuffleboard in the other room. The food is pretty good too but honestly this place is more about the beer (duh, it's a brewery!) than anything else. It's across the street from SkySong which is nice for people in the office because it doesn't seem like there are too many other places around for after work happy hour. I recommend! It's a cool place and probably great for taking out-of-towners.
5	This was my favorite place to stop by for a relaxed night of good conversation, food, and a drink. My favorite beer here is the Oude Zuippers (spelled something like that). I actually think this place has great food too (a lot of people seem to say that they have good beer but not good food, but I disagree!). I LOVE their Caprese Crisp, the citrus salad,and the pizzas.
5	This was one of my favorite spots when we lived in Snobsdale. My good friend used to work here and I really owe this place the majority of credit for turning me into a beer snob. All they carry is craft beer. Don't think for a second going in there to order a coors lite or a pepsi. You'll pretty much just get laughed at. They have a huge selection of beers on top, always around 20 or so rotating beers, including their own brew. Now this place doesn't have their own brewery, but they have Oak Creek Brewery make the beers for them. The coconut joe is by far my favorite. Another good factor about this is place is you can fill up your growlers with a good selection for a good price, or pick up a 6 pack of mix and match bottles they have along the wall. As for the food, it is your standard bar food, sandwiches and pizza. The thai chicken pizza is on point and perfect combination for any beer. The staff is cool and sarcastic. There is always a mix of pompous ass meets humble hipster here, which is reflected in both the staff and the crowd. Prices are good but don't come here to get sloshed, you'll hurt your head and your wallet.
3	This place is more bar than brewery. I was surprised to find that they had only two of their own beers on tap. They do have a large selection of other beers though. Our service was great. We didn't try the food, but we did leave with some Dogfish Head 120 minute bottles. I would return if I'm in the area and want a beer.
5	I went with a group of friends on a Friday night; we had an absolute blast! It didn't hurt that my favorite beer is on tap: Papago Orange Blossom :) we played Jenga and Uno while we devoured appetizers. It's pretty loud inside, but didn't bother us at all. The service was great. We will be back!
5	This is one of my all time favorite brewery's to go to. It doesn't look like much from the outside but when you walk inside it feels like you are in a wood cabin. I really like the atmosphere there and there are always cool people there. They normally have about 30 beers on tap and they don't wait a single tap on Miller lite, Bud lite, or anything else like that. If they don't have what you like on tap, then just turn around from the bar and check out their coolers. Behind the glass doors of their coolers they have well over 100 beers you can pick from. You pick the bottle you want, and you can drink it there, or take it home with you. AWESOME!!!I stuck with the beers on tap and had to begin the night with their classic Orange Blossom which is brewed there and tastes like a melted orange creamsicle with vanilla and beer. Trust me it is good, but it is hard to drink more then one because it is a sweet beer.Being a dark beer guy I wanted to try a new dark beer and thankfully I was steered away from the Donnybrook made by Victory in PA. I did try a small sample of it and it was like a thin watery version of a Guinness. The Black Xantus made by Humboldt Brewing in CA came highly recommended, and was FANTASTIC! It is a barrel aged imperial stout that comes in a goblet and has just become one of my favorite stouts I have ever had. Then to stick with the theme of trying new things I had a Red's Rye which is a Rye IPA made by Founders in Grand Rapids MI. I was actually very impressed with this IPA. I normally do not enjoy IPA's, but I would drink this again any day.Overall experience here was 5 stars! Everything I drank was right on the money, and the good people there kept me away from the few lack luster beers they had. This place makes you feel at home, welcome and comfortable. Oh yea, they do have food which looked good too, but it's hard to find time to eat with all that top rate beer there.
5	I love Arizona's beer culture. AZ has numerous amazing craft breweries and Papago is on top of the list for me. They're probably best known for their orange blossom. It's a delicious vanilla orange wheat beer that just hits the spot. It's so smooth and full of flavor. Their coconut joe has a hint of coconut with strong coffee flavor. They used to have another stout that was Irish cream base and I'm very sad to report they no longer offer it.They offer a good variety of draft beers from other craft breweries (local and non) and they have multiple fridges stocked with cold, delicious beer you can purchase and drink right there. Inside is spacious and has lots of table options. Service can be slow but only during peak time and even then, you won't go long without another cold one in your hand.The food is actually delicious. I am a huge fan of their caprese flat bread. The balsamic reduction is so good! Their pizzas are a good size for the price and always consistent in quality and taste. They now have the steel growlers, along with their glass, so be sure to pick one up too. The steel growler is the coolest steel ones I've seen so far in local breweries.
4	The service is pretty bad but the beer is worth it. The coffee coconut stout was absolutely fantastic. My girlfriend really liked the mandarin wheat as well. This would be my favorite brewery in the Phoenix area if the servers were just a little more happy to be there.
3	I do not get the buzz about the Orange Blossom brew. Blech, just not for me, too artificial-tasting. The pizza I ordered tasted like chain food, over processed and gummy. Service was fine, nothing notable.Good place for a group, has lots of space and is divey enough to be inviting, I could go back for the low key atmosphere and the more discerning of the beer selections, but doubt I ever will.
4	Yup!! Beer Drinkers Paradise! Their Bottle Selection is just mind blowing. If you can't find several beers you like you clearly don't like beer. They have some house brews as well. We tried their Belgian Strong Ale which was a delicious shocker, and I have had many in my day! A place we would definitely swing through if in the neighborhood. Now, just a little warning and possibly suggestion to the owner/manager. Now I understand the law about Firearms and Drinking 100%. I was in there for a beer and wouldn't carry my firearm in there anyway. But! If you're a Concealed Carry Permit Holder and go here for Food(maybe with a group of people who are there for beer), you're NOT allowed to carry your firearm in there as stated by a sign. Now the catch is the sign is NOT posted outside, rather inside once you walk in and next to the bar. You won't see the 1st sign when you walk in because its behind you and would probably NOT see it if you sat down at a table. Just a friendly heads up!*****NO FIREARMS ALLOWED*****
4	A must for craft beer lovers. 30 taps plus hundreds of bottles and cans. Food is nothing special. Pizza is your best bet.
5	I truly enjoyed my visit to Papago brewery. I'm not a big beer fan, but when I moved to AZ I tried the orange blossom at Total Wine and I fell in love with it!! we had never been to the brewery so we finally decided to go today. We ordered orange blossom and I also tried the 'raspberry kombucha', which was a sour beer... both were absolutely delicious! I had a feeling the food would be lame because of the generic options but everything  was veryyy good. My group ordered the Thai chicken pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza and I had the chicken pita. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food!! the chicken and pita were warm and the tzatziki was good (I make a mean tzatziki so I would know!!). They are more than willing to let you try samples before ordering a beer :):) They have darts and a very 'southwest az country' atmosphere... and plenty of beer for sale. You can also bring growlers to have them fill w fresh tap beers. Great place!
5	unbeknowst to be (despite that i follow them on facebook...how did i miss it?), it was Hopaggedon day at Papago, where they showcase hoppy beers. at opening time, the place was already filled but we were able to find seating. like i've said, surprisingly one of the best pizza's in the valley. but today, i ordered a mozz, tomato, and basil sandwich on foccacia bread. too much bread and basically, a sandwich you can make easily at home. sticking with the pizza from now on. still one of my favorite all around places in the valley. great beer, great vibe, super friendly servers.
4	I'm from Colorado so I was excited to try some local beers. This place is really cute and homey on the inside. A few tvs and a nice bar. Their cooler section is truly amazing. We were disappointed though because  we wanted to try a fight of thier beers.  They only had one of their beers on tap, the Orange one. I agree with the other guy who thought it tasted a little fake. But my friend liked it. But I was shocked that they don't do any tasters, of anything!  I've never been to a brewey who didn't do taster flights. There were like 5 beers I wanted to try. The wait staff was great. They offered to bring me a swallow if something before I bought a glass. But I'm used to getting samplers from places so the table can all try something new. But they do have a lot of unique choices, and the pizza was pretty good. A nice place to hang with friends.
4	Orange Blossom. Love it.So in the beer world all i like is either sweet juice like beer or stouts. Nothing in between. Their beer I love... Especially the orange blossom. And as for food, for sure get the caprese crisp.
3	I think rule number one for a brewery ought to be :!!serve your beers!!!!  On a Sunday afternoon there were only two available for drinking. I am not certain how many of the other supposedly available guest beers were on tap. We were warned that many other of the hoppy beers were sold out so I had to accept a couple I was assured could be purchased. I won't believe this is a great destination (as is written by some) without being able to drink the product. I was told by the bartender that there was some special promotion the last few days but after reading up on Yelp, I see that it is common for house beers to be sold out. I feel that defeats the purpose of the brew pub. Apparently the beer production is contracted out.  We did have excellent service. My TRex pizza was good. My wife's club sandwich was good except that she asked that the bread not be toasted and it was.
3	The beer selection is great.  That's obvious.  The only problem I have with this place are the beer prices.  My hubby and I ordered two beers there the other day, and then noticed on the menu that they were both $8.50 a piece!  What the?!  My hubby gets double IPA's everywhere and we have never paid $8.50 for them.  Thank heavens we were there during happy hour or something because my beer ended up being 6.50 and his was 7.50, but jeez.... still too rich for my craft beer blood and much more than any other place I know of in the valley.  That's Scottsdale for ya I guess.
4	The place is tucked away next to a Molly Maid, so you have to look for it.Inside reminded me of being in Flagstaff, which was kind of cool. It has that dark, dank woodsy feel.Staff was all very active (note I didn't say busy), but when you got someone's attention they were very helpful. A few had great knowledge of the beer options and helped you pick. Others just copped out and brought you a small taste. Beer menu reminded me of Angel's Trumpet, but without the chalkboard. Some of the beers I tried to order were gone, so I think I like the chalkboard approach better.Prices were normal for the brewery setting and they make it easy to know what you're paying for.Suggestions would be to add alcohol content on the beer menu. As I mentioned some of the staff knew that and others didn't. I'd like to know if I'm about to order an 11% beer.It would also be fun to have some sort of games you could play with your friends. Cards, jenga etc. The place feels home-sy and not so much about watching whatever game is on the box.Last suggestion would be to rethink the inclusive kids policy or keep family dining away from the bar area. In fact, why don't restaurants start offering a kid or no kid section? Kind of like the old smoking/no smoking. Why do people without children have to suffer through someone else's badly behaved, screaming and otherwise annoying offspring?And don't tell me that anytime you see a child in a bar you think of that movie line "oh look, a baby ... in a bar." You know you do!
5	Very cool place...huge number of craft and local beers available in their beer is good too.  Very fun and a little different from most other bars (which is good)...and a nice place to take others when visiting Phoenix...
3	Hadn't been here for a decade more or less. Their own beers are brewed by others, they have third-party beers, some of which are pretty good. Enjoying the Uinta Hop Nosh right now. Good beer. I've had it before, worth enjoying again. Their own beers are a little insipid - the orange blossom is way polluted with added vanilla and orange flavoring - a good brewer should be able to pull those notes out of the yeast rather than having to add. The Coconut Joe is passable, it's a sweet low octane beer that tastes mostly of coffee, cream and sugar. A Sunday morning beer. The IPA is ok, but not memorable. Ordered a pizza, the T-Rex, but it's been 45min so far and only now it for delivered, undercooked. And the pizza isn't memorable. Kinda generic.The lady behind the bar is pleasant, helpful, and pays attention. In fact, everyone here seems to care. That's a great thing and makes it worth trying the place.The location is good, there's plenty of room for a crowd, and a reasonable selection of guest beers.
5	Great beer selection and the staff really knew their stuff. Had a salad and pizza. Both also very good. Never felt rushed. Great atmosphere
4	A really cool hole in the wall type of joint in the heart of South Scottsdale that has great beer, food, and service. The atmosphere is very relaxed and the environment is very inviting. Sure, there might be a 18+ nightclub a few doors down but it doesn't take away from the laid back friendly dive bar feel.They just recently started having happy hour deals which I was longing for due to the slightly higher than average prices. However, the Beer-BBQ Pizza and Orange Blossom wheat beer is worth it! They also have a pretty good selection of beers from all over in their fridge which you can take home with you.If this place would televise some of the big games and had sound for them it would be a definite 5 in my books! I guess that would take away from what they're shooting for but hey that's just me!
3	This place is 5 stars if you are just looking for a place to kick back with a beer, watch a game on their TV, or play a board game  with a group of friends (they had quite a big selection of games). The beer is great and it's definitely the type of atmosphere that encourages you to linger.That being said...The staff is not very attentive. Actually, we got our beers extremely fast, but after that the waitress literally abandoned us. We could see her running around but she ignored us and NEVER came back to our table to get our food order. We had to flag down another guy who became our waiter from that point on.If you're going to eat, your safest bet is probably the pizza. I got a chicken quesadilla and it was crunchy (in a bad way) and dry.Overall: Good place to chill out and drink, not so good place to eat.
1	Terrible experience here this afternoon.  Had a friend in from out of town visiting and was treating them to lunch but was kicked out of the restaurant. When going to order waitress asked for my ID which I handed her and she said that two months ago a law was passed that did not allow verticals id's anymore. So I said that's fine I won't get beer and went to just order my sandwich, she then stated that unless the gentleman with me was my father I couldn't even eat there.  I'm 28yrs old, I could understand if I looked 18 but are you kidding me?? Embarrassing experience, a simple warning and letting me at least continue to eat lunch would have been a better experience.
4	My go to spot for good craft beer for many years. With all the craft beer popping up everywhere these days I occasionally forget about this place being a favorite. Easy parking, casual atmosphere, no snobbery, TONS of great beer, and pretty cool staff. I need to remember to come more often.Tends to be the spot 3 or 4 of us guys will sit and catch up over a pint or three. Oh and if they still have it try the buffalo chicken pizza. Love the hot sauce, blue cheese, and celery. Sound weird, but it is great!
4	Met some friends for some brews and conversations on a Saturday night.  The bar was pretty busy throughout our time there (9pm-12) but we were still able to get a table for four and were waited on well throughout our time there.  The bar had TVs with football on them and games scattered for customer's use throughout the room.  There was also a wider variety of seating options including at the bar, at standard tables and there were even a few couches.  We tried some of the beers on tap and they were all quite delicious.  The bourbon barrel stout was the best we sampled and I would have again.  Great, laid back bar where you can come to catch up with friends at your leisure.
5	Had the 2014 Double Bastard and it was awesome!
5	Papago is my favorite place to go for drinks with friends and family. They have new beers on tap every night. They let you sample their beer so you can make sure you like it. They have a large freezer section with over 50 beers to choose from along with the beers on tap. They have board games, darts and a big screen TV to watch the game on. I highly recommend Papago for a low key night out with friends!
3	I returned hoping to drink beer brewed for this restaurant. Last time there were only two. This time three were available, two I had had before plus the IPA. It was good. The Orange Blossom and Coconut Joe are tasty enough but I hoped for other styles of beer. I asked and was told that generally only four Papago beers are served. There were many other beers available which included a wide selection of Christmas/Winter beers. I still think a pub with a brewery name on it should first sell its beers then offer space in its guest taps to other beers. In this case, the owner prefers to sell other breweries' beers and seem to treat its beer as an incidental sale item. If i were a local, i suppose I would like that kind of choice but I would like to try Papago beers too. The few I have been able to locate were good. I doubt I will find many here. We had excellent service though early in the happy hour there were few customers. We didn't care to eat: table surfaces didn't feel clean and there was a strong smell of burnt food.
5	Such a cool place! There menu is kind of limited if you ask me, but the beer selection is fantastic! They have a beer for everyone's tastes and likes. This is my new favorite place
4	Good selection of beers from all over the world plus local and regional brews. You will find something you like for sure plus sports on TV. Also a kitchen that serves your standard fare. It is kinda hidden away but a good spot for a cold one or to catch up with a friend or watch a game on TV.
5	We were in here about a year ago from out of town and quite honestly were not impressed.... Then we moved here about 6 months   ago moved to Tempe. Today I suggested we try it again and I'm glad we did.... Friendliest place we have been in the valley since arriving. Tried the ones they brew the Coconut Joe- a coconut coffee stout and the Orange blossom- a wheat beer. Both excellent... Glad we stopped on only a mile from the house... We will definitely be back
4	We showed up on a Friday night with a party of 15 - no reservations Service was a little scattered - but nothing terrible. They took care of us and made sure we knew the kitchen was backed up and a little slow. The pizza divers a nice chewy crust -gooey good cheese and fresh, generous ingredients. Beer selection is fun - wish they had pitchers!!!
1	Get new staff.. The orange blossom beer is so good. Get some to go or elsewhere because the service here is bullshit. I think the servers are drunk or high and I had to ask for everything
4	Awhile back two friends and I tried this place as a late-night option.  We were disappointed that they closed at midnight, but the vibe was quite nice, the service excellent, and the music selection was great.  I'm not really into flavored beers much, so I had a pint of the Fresh Squeezed IPA brewed by Deschutes.  It was good so I had another. (I didn't like the sample brought of something else, but the server was good that way to offer a taste.)  My friends were less enthused about their beer selections, but seated at a table we could converse easily in that place.  'Didn't try the food.  The beer selection rotates, so once in awhile it might be worth it to drop in again...
4	The only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the place is just so casual it's uncanny. Food and drinks this good aren't usually found in a place with such a rustic, old west saloon atmosphere. Everything is great: beer selection, pizza bites (get the chipotle ranch dressing), and Thai peanut pizza. So, so good. Whenever possible, order their coconut coffee stout. At the moment, this beer is in a three-way tie for my favorite local brew (Four Peaks Kiltlifter and Sonoran White Chocolate Ale are the other contenders).
