2	The best thing about this place was the bathrooms! They were great, I would pee in them any day of the week. The food (lobster, fillet mignon) was nothing special and for the price I would have expected a little more food then what I got, that's for sure. The food came almost too fast which gave me the impression that the food was pre-made and just microwaved, and most of it was almost cold - so if I was them I would invest in a better microwave. They did have good shrimp but you only get 3. I have definitely had better and paid less for it.
2	i was really hoping for a great, local neighborhood bar and instead i got 3 tiny shrimp bruschetta for $11. what tater tots? there were no tater tots on the menu last night. this is about the most overpriced place i've been in a while. it's way out of place in the 85257. i split the brushetta, had a dinner salad, and 2 beers and my total was $25. i went home and ate dinner, that's how little food $25 got me. i went with a group of my neighbor girls and the best thing about it, is the fact that we could ride our bikes there. we really just wanted to get some drinks and a few apps to share, but their apps are not share friendly. mostly dinner salads (for $9) and soups. (the entrees start around $20-$25 dollars). for serving entrees that cost that much, the beer menu was pathetic. fat tire was the best they had, second best was blue moon, if that gives you any idea. if you're looking for a typical scottsdale, overpriced, disappointing place to have dinner, you can add avalon to that long list.
5	Sunday brunch at Avalon was a wonderful dining experience! It is a beautiful restaurant with EXCELLENT service. The food was very fresh (local/regional ingredients according to their website) and the dishes were well done. It was a perfect amount of food (enough to fill you up, but not the overabundance many restaurants serve nowadays). The prices were very reasonable... $9-12 plates. I will definitely go back!
4	I am a true believer in supporting neighborhood restaurants. This one is within biking distance, so I hope to frequent it more in the future. We went for dinner on a Friday night and the restaurant was not even 1/2 full, which is a such a shame because the inside is gorgeous and the food was great. I ordered the pan roasted breast of free-range chicken. It came with a mushroom dressing, pearl onions and garlic mashed potatoes. The serving was not huge, but it was filling. I  liked the combinations of flavors in the dish. My husband had the grilled vegetable and roasted tomato lasagna. I tried the lasagna and didn't like the texture; it was a bit dry. It took a while for our food to come out, but we weren't really in any rush. We had a great server; very attentive. I really want to go back for breakfast or brunch. This is a great restaurant to take a small group of friends for dinner on the weekend!
4	I wasn't sure what to expect from this place seeing that it is located adjacent to a hotel and open 6AM till 2AM. I recieved a half off certificate and decided to try it. It is very nice inside, upscale and the food was good. It was very rich and filling, The portions are small but the heavy sauces fill you up. I had the lobster she had the salmon. Both were good. The drinks were strong and our waitress was on top of her game. I dont know if this place will make it, since it never looks crowded but i hope it does..
5	This place is AWESOME!  Chef Travis does an amazing job.  Had the butter poached lobster,  AMAZING.  Lobster bisque is the best in the Phoenix area by far ( and I have had most of them).  The steak special was mouth watering and to die for.  Everything here is good.  You cannot go wrong dining here breakfast, lunch, dinner, late night.  GO!!!!
5	We did not expect much when we entered Avalon for breakfast. We are guests at the 3 Palms Resort Hotel. It was close.There is an infinity fountain at the entrance. We had watched birds sporting about in it when we arrived on Sunday afternoon. The restaurant is dark, spacious, and airy. The patio was open to the air and our booth was separated from a section of tables by a white bead curtain. I noticed that the lights over the table gave good light and made a star pattern on the ceiling above us.This was a Monday morning at 7 and we were the only customers. Service was attentive, but not desperate.The menu was different from the traditional restaurants we eat at on the road and from hotel menus. There is an emphasis on fresh and organic.No omelettes, but frittatas. We ordered the Organic Raspberry and Meyer Lemon Turnovers with creme fraise and the Hickman Farms Three Egg Breakfast. (Nueske Bacon, Grilled Brioche, and Rosemary Potatoes.)The turnovers were 3, about 2" diameter. They were flaky, hot, and delicious. The crust was very thin and had a light glaze over the top. The creme fraise was almost butterscotch like. It was tasty but unnecessary. It would be a good idea to give them a minute to cool before biting down. They don't advertise the squirt of molten raspberry!The bacon was cooked medium and was flavorful. The eggs were scrambled with a hint of spice that made them exceptional. I asked for some salsa and was served a very wonderful Salsa Fresca made of Tomatoes, Green Peppers, Cilantro, and Radishes. It was light and added a nice touch to the eggs. The potatoes were crisp, tasting and slightly smelling of the Rosemary. The highlight of this plate was the grilled Brioche. It was thick and toasty, with just enough crust. We were served a homemade Strawberry Jam infused with Citrus. Fantastic.We were offered lunch and dinner menus. Looking at them has made us want to come back for lunch today. We also asked about the desserts. All of them are created in house. That is always a plus in my book.Avalon has not had its Grand Opening yet. It is open from 7 am to 2 am and serves B-L-D as well as room service for 3 Palms.I hope the people of Scottsdale support this gem.
5	OMG, went for dinner last night.  We know the food and service is awesome, BUT Chef Travis's new chocolate dessert ROCKED.  This heavenly chocolate dessert looked rich and delicious, then you tasted it.  Light, chocolate mousse, crunchy yummy center, caramely goodness.  Add to that the cherry compote and the cream freshe, again OMG.  TOO DIE FOR.  GO, get it and you will understand.  This place is the best.
5	How has this place not garnered much attention? I'm thinking the location may be a culprit. This is an old-town-esque restaurant that ended up on the other side of the tracks. I met a friend for Sunday brunch and was surprised to arrive in an empty restaurant. I'll begin by complimenting the jovial and attentive staff. They could not have been any friendlier or competent. Our server always seemed to be an earshot away, and this place is anything but quaint. Maybe it would have been different had the dining room been more crowded.I ordered the frittata, which was prepared with farm-fresh vegetables and served with perfectly-roasted and spiced potatoes. My friend ordered a cobb salad that looked amazing, and he was impressed by the spices they added to some of the ingredients.  I was also impressed by the coffee they served, which was obviously freshly-ground and just brewed.The atmosphere is ultra-modern and could pass for a West Elm showroom, though obviously more high-end. 5 stars for my brunch at Avalon.
4	I took advantage of the Prix Fixe menu with a friend.  Between the two of us, we got the french onion soup, calamari frites, chicken, salmon, creme brulee and bread pudding.The French onion soup was pretty good, but nothing special.  The calamari frites were very creative - had greens on top, a tangy citrus sauce, and some fish eggs on the side.  Mix it all together in the right proportions and its just awesome!The entrees were all good, but was a let down after the calamari dish.  They were both very flavorful but just not as creative.  The deserts were very nice.  Nothing too creative there but also done right.  My friend did say he hated bread pudding, but he tried this one and liked it if that tells you anything.All in all, the prix fixe was worth it, but if I was paying retail I wouldn't be so sure.
4	My husband came home and announced we were going to a chocolate and wine class at Avalon in a few weeks.  I don't know that I need to take a class to eat chocolate and drink wine, but I was amazed he actually set something like this up!  I later learned it was his buddy's idea, so thank you Derek for bromancing my husband!I decided we should check out Avalon beforehand as a possibility for dinner the same night.  Situated across the street from a strip mall on McDowell, I wasn't expecting much.  But the gorgeous fountain out front gave me hope.  When we walked in, I was in love with my surroundings.  This is probably one of the most beautiful restaurants I have been in lately.  Dark wood, glass tiles in shades of blue, beautiful lighting...this is exactly how I want to design my home...not that anyone should really care about that.  I ordered a breakfast quesadilla which included cheddar and smoked gouda cheeses and was topped with an avocado pico de gallo.  It was far too much for one person, even when said person is me.  I also ordered a side of rosemary herb potatoes which were really flavorful, but a little on the salty side.  My husband had the farmer's market frittata which included artichoke, grilled asparagus, and havarti.  He really enjoyed it as well.  The best deal of brunch was the mimosa.  A split  of champagne and a small carafe of fresh orange juice for $9 yielded nearly 3 drinks!Since I'm not a huge fan of breakfast/brunch, I will definitely return for dinner soon.  As it stands, I completely agree with Andrew F in that it must be the location that has kept Avalon under the radar.  Although this may not have been the best brunch I have had, it was certainly better than many places that seem to be much busier.
4	Despite the location in south Scottsdale, Avalon is just a really classy place that has a lot to offer. The dining experience is fabulous. The food is delicious. The atmosphere is top-notch. The music is transcendent - very hypnotic. The vibe is cool. The decor is first-class, upscale NY/LAish. The service is more than decent. They have brunch on weekends, live music and cooking classes. I highly recommend Avalon. It is worth checking out. Say hello to Dominick. Thinking about a company party or group celebration. This is the spot.
4	We had dinner before the wine and chocolate event, and I was not disappointed.We started with the warm brie en croute.  Of course it was delicious.  How can you go wrong with cheese and pastry?  Scratch that, I just remembered the goat cheese I pulled out of my refrigerator the other day.  You can go wrong, but they didn't.  I also had the roasted beet salad with port wine braised figs and shallots.  I loved the combination of flavors, but would have liked just a little more vinaigrette.  For the entree, I chose the Crispy Pacific salmon fillet.  I wouldn't say the salmon had anything special about it, except the crispy top.  It's normally served with braised brussel sprouts which I opted out of.  I had brussel sprouts once.  I made them.  I threw them all away.  They were the most foul-tasting thing I ever had.  I have since learned that happens when you overcook them.  Who knew?  Instead I substituted roasted asparagus.  I was a little disappointed the asparagus was in pieces rather than whole stalks, but it was cooked perfectly.  The toasted orzo that accompanied the salmon was fantastic, however.Price-wise appetizers are $10-$12, salads $8-$9, and entrees $20-$30.  Not bad at all.  I should warn you, this isn't necessarily the place to go for beer.  Nothing on tap, and when my husband ordered a second Stella, they were out.  Kind of odd.After dinner, we had the wine and chocolate "class."  The pairings were all sparkling wines with white chocolate, milk chocolate, and dark chocolate.  All plated desserts.  The white chocolate was a petit four with a small cup of white hot chocolate.  The milk chocolate was a semifreddo with truffles.  The dark chocolate was an assortment of homemade candy bars.  The restaurant manager introduced the wines and Chef Travis the desserts.  A dark chocolate lover would have been disappointed as the chef admitted he is not a fan of dark chocolate and used only 52%.  That was great for me because I don't care for it either.  There was not much information regarding what characteristics in a wine make it pair well with a chocolate, but it was a great event nonetheless.  I look forward to more good times at Avalon (1/2 price bottles of wine and live music on Wednesdays!)...hopefully, they will stay open.  Again it was not busy, and this was a Friday night.  I'm glad I went in spite of some suspicious orange-head reviews.
3	Nice decor and ambiance. Food was okay to good, but the wait for the food was LONG. We used a restaurant.com gift card without any problems on a Saturday night. Check out the 1/2 off promo they're offering by viewing the photos on here. I saw it after I purchased the restaurant.com GC.
5	Creative, delicious food in a trendy place with good service all at a reasonable cost.You immediately notice the trendy decor when you step in the door.  It is very relaxing and visually pleasing.We were greeted right away by someone who turned out not to be our waiter to ask for a drink order.  We found the service to be quite attentive without being intrusive.The Prix Fixe menu was impressive and very affordable but I had already set my sites on the lamb on the regular menu.  Speaking of the menu, it was fun to read.  My wife chose the Duck Duck Goose (duck two ways with gooseberry glaze.  I had the Lamb^2 (Lamb squared which is lamb two ways).I started with the onion soup.  It does use a sweet onion which gives it a unique flavor that I liked compared to the standard french onion soup.The entrees were delicious.  My lamb came two ways -- rack of lamb (2 pieces) and a lamb T-bone.  Both were very tasty and filling.  My wife enjoyed her duck.  I had a taste and it was very moist and yummy.One thing that is a bit strange about the place is that they offer side dishes to share right below the entrees just like the fine steakhouses do because they don't serve a side dish.  The strange part is that my dish came with two side dishes which were large enough to be filling and not require anything else ordered from the menu.  My wife's meal came with an artichoke heart side dish which turned out to be a single small piece which was not enough.  We had an excellent Mazzi  amarone wine with our meal.  The wine list  has good variety with many affordable choices.Dessert was delicious.  We shared the Chocolate Decadence (dark chocolate mousse and chocolate sponge cake).  I often joke about having a  'liquid dessert' so I had to have one because they actually call them "Liquid Desserts" on the menu!  I had The Italian Job which is layered Amaretto, Frangelico and cream. In short, it was an excellent, creative meal that didn't break the bank.  If we lived in the area, we would go back frequently to work our way around the menu.
4	HURRY. GET OVER TO THIS PLACE! AN ARCHITECTURAL  CELEBRATION OF THE CIRCLE AND A WONDERFUL MINGLING OF AMERICAN CUISINE WITH MEDITERRANEAN STYLE. Great value in the Summer Prix Fix at $30 pp++.THE INTRODUCTION--hidden from the street (you have to know you're going there), its entrance is a grand circular plaza swathed with inlaid stone and a fantastic layered fountain...--perfect turning radius for a 15-passenger limousine;--entryway fit for royalty is framed with columns and features two gigantic entry doors in case you arrived in a servant-borne carriage;--once inside the atrium, the swank really kicks in...--across another cavernous circular space, the host podium awaits you afront a fabulous white bead curtain;--off left is the bar with plush paisley-shaped seating (the yin-and-yang being the best way to split a circle);--lighting and furniture design is a wonderful fusion of 50's and contemporary.BUT THE BEST PART: THE CUISINE--great martini preparation; all it needs is a glassware upgrade...--speaking of, server coyly replaced ours when he noticed it was spotty -- kudos, man!--fabulous Sacred Stone cab had someone Googling for the winery's contact info.--fried calamari over cantaloupe butter, garnished with cantaloupe caviar.--pan roasted free-range chicken breast is soft pillowy perfection--salmon was a bit firm for my taste, but the orzo was excellent--aged prime rib eye with fingerling potato pancetta hash just the right blend of flavors, a tasty reduction accompanies and ascended several levels of heaven with the Sacred Stone.BUT...--dessert was a disappointment. creme brulee was uninspired and the "freshly baked cookies" were far from. No fruit anywhere.Opened at the beginning of the Arizona summer (test-your-resolve-and-your-bank-account-balance season for restaurants). Maybe they wanted several months to prepare for season. The garage-doored wall will open to some fun outdoor seating once it cools down.I really hope this one survives. Make your reservation today!
2	Overpriced, just okay food.  I took my brother and sister here before they went back home for the school year.  All the food was just ok, but nothing special.  Everything was very overpriced and didn't taste all that good. The one good thing about it is that the waiter was very helpful and the atmosphere was decent.  The location leaves a lot to be desired, but inside was nice.
4	I enjoyed my visit to Avalon this weekend. The restaurant itself is beautiful  Walking up you are greeted by a very unique spiral fountain. This place looked very trendy, but  not like they were trying too hard. The staff here was friendly and we were seated right away on a Friday night, so that is always a plus. We started with a bottle of wine and an order of the calamari. I was slightly let down by the seasoning of the calamari. It needed a bit more salt. The sauce was very well done.  I must say that the fresh baked bread here is pretty damn amazing. I really hate filling up on bread before dinner but I couldn't help myself.  It was crusty and yet soft inside. The cranberry/rosemary butter was fantastic. As for the main course, I ordered the lamb two ways. It came with rack of lamb and a lamb T bone. Both lambs were cooked perfectly and the green peppercorn demi was very fitting.  I really enjoyed the goat cheese tart. I also sampled the scallop plate. They were seared perfectly, I just think the plate was a little small for an entree dish. We also order a side of the potato gratin with lardons.  Both of us are huge bacon fans, and this dish was a let down. The potatoes were not cooked all the way through and we were searching for the lardons. However when we mentioned this to our server he quickly took care of it and it was removed from our bill.This was a cute restaurant and I think that if you are in Scottsdale you should stop by.
1	So, I heard all this great stuff about Avalon, a local place with great food.But this happens a lot in Scottsdale. People dump a bunch of money in a place, do some flashy food, park some Hummers out front, then have no idea how to run a restaurant or staff it, and it disappears in a year.So last Friday night, I repeat FRIDAY NIGHT- in Scottsdale, not Yuma-  in season-  a friend and I went to check it out. Between the two of us we have over 30 years in the restaurant business. We walked in and there were about 20 people in the place including staff, and it was very quiet. We approached the host stand with empty bellies and fresh wads of bartender cash. We asked for a table, and the guy at the desk gave us a slow, condescending sigh, shook his head and said he couldn't do it. You see it was 10:05, and the kitchen had stopped serving at 10:00. Now, I am going to make a statement here that doesn't really matter, or it shouldn't- but sadly it does mean something in this town. We are nice guys, well dressed, drove up in a fancy car. It's effin friday night, the place is new, and empty. What is wrong with the service attitude in this town? It sucks. Incredibly sucks. I get it, we came in 5 minutes too late for their taste, but you know what? Its a big city, you're a new place, it's common sense to try and be nice to people and get them to come back. Build consistency. No one in this town seems to understand that. We left and went to Metro instead. We were welcomed by a friendly and enthusiastic staff, and the food was incredible.I'll give Avalon a year, and check back...
1	A client had referred me to this place.  I orginally thought it was a casual place but when we arrived our expectations rose but was let down by the whole experience.   Every dish we ordered tasted like we were licking a salt block... we could hardly eat our entrees. When we told our server he did nothing about it.  No manager came to see us, we got no new entrees.  But instead they brought out a chocolate dessert.  We didnt want dessert.  We wanted a meal that was edible.  Overall poor customer service and horrible food especially for the price.  If I was eating at Houston's they would have sent over a manager and sent out new entrees.  Now that is a level of service!  In fact I talked some friends out of going there for their annv. and I myself will never return there.
4	Upon scrolling through a list of local recommendations as provided by a co-worker I've never met, I decided to choose Avalon as the destination for my anniversary dinner.  I was definitely pleased with the decision.  Here's why:First - the atmosphere is lovely.  Relaxed, modern, and clean, with creative lighting and inspiring design.  The music was audible, yet didn't drown our conversation.  I was slightly disappointed that the host didn't seat us in a private corner since we called days in advance and made reservations AND since the place wasn't incredibly busy since it was Sunday evening, but we still had a great seat with views of entire restaurant, including the awesome patio.Second - the food.  Wow, was the food good!  I started with the Tuscan Bread Salad, a delicious mix of greens, mozzarella, Heirloom tomatoes, and sourdough bread.  My fiancee, who chose the prix fixe menu, started with the Calamari Frittes which were tender with a deliciously light, crispy breading.  Our entrees were a prime ribeye, cooked perfectly med-rare, for me, and Pacific salmon for Cassie, a nicely-sized and very fresh fillet cooked to a delectable medium.  Our desserts were amazing - She ordered the Chocolate Decadence, an appropriately named block of heaven, while I picked the Roasted Banana Bread Pudding, which was unbelievably amazing.  Outstanding showing on the final course, but the whole meal was insanely good.Drinks - this is where they lose points in my opinion.  It being our anniversary, we decided to splurge and buy a bottle of bubbly.  We decided, since we'd never tried it, to go for the yellow-label Veuve Clicquot.  To our dismay, they were out!  From there, we decided to step down to the Moet & Chandon, another higher-end champagne we'd never tried, and...  They were out of it, too!  Wow!  I'll admit that I didn't call ahead and ask them to save a bottle, but geez!  Your two best bottles are both AWOL?  We "settled" for the Roederer Estates L'ermitage, which happened to be a great bottle of sparkling at a slightly lower price.  However, the mental damage was done.  Their explanation was that they were re-structuring their list, but I was still a bit disappointed by the outcome.All-in-all, this was a great meal with only a minor setback.  We will return given the chance and I'm excited to see what they cook up on our next visit!
4	I can't believe I never reviewed Avalon! I'm very glad it's my 500th review though, so let's begin:I happened upon Avalon during CRAVE Arizona's week of festivities October 21 - 24. My shop was the retail partner for the wine events and I was required to attend one of the luncheons on Friday, Oct 23. What a tough life I lead. Avalon is kind of in the middle of nowhere, but they excel at what they are doing so it's a destination worth finding. My lunch was exquisitely paired with two WA wineries, Milbrant and Gordon Brothers. It's actually pretty hard to make a perfect pairing with very specific wines so kudos to Executive Chef Travis Watson for his masterful menu. I'm going to ruin your whole day right now and tell you what I ate:First Course Smoked mussel soup with crispy leeks and crusty garlic bread - I love mussels but the idea of mussels out of the shell kind of creeps me out. This soup was so smoky and spicy everyone at our luncheon asked for more. It was served in a demitasse which was tragic, but a great way to start an amazing meal.Second Course Organic petite green salad with Granny Smith apples and walnut streusel - Chef Travis came out to talk to us about how his goal with Avalon is to source local, biodynamic and organic produce and meats across the board. This salad was fresh with just that hint of sweetness from the streusel. It wasn't overwhelming at all and I thought the Riesling we had with it was an inspired match.Third Course Grilled rib eye steak with black truffle risotto, foie butter and baby heirloom beets - I'm not a vegetarian anymore. I'm not even going to pretend. I chowed on this steak and it was delightful, very pink in the middle and deliciously moist. The risotto was a little dry and not very hot; my only critique of the day. The heirloom beets were orange and tiny and I actually ate them (not a beet fan). Fourth Course Milk chocolate and salted caramel torte with espresso essence and tangerine pearls - aaaaaa! This was ridiculously good, and waaaay too big after all we'd eaten. I'm a dark chocolate fan myself, but this worked in every way imaginable. The milk chocolate and the salty caramel? puhleese it was amazing. I saw three of my clients heading out after their own lunch in another half of the restaurant and they told me this is their go to place for high quality eats. They sang me the praises of the lobster bisque, though they told me the wine selection was seriously lacking. Aww they are so loyal! I met two couples at the lunch who were also voracious fans of Avalon and hysterically shouted across the table that we all need to support this place and tell our friends. I'm with them; do yourself a favor and dine at Avalon.
5	Holyyyyyyyyyy cow.This place knocked my socks off.Started with the brie baked in bread with a balsamic reduction glaze....  OMGWent onto the lobster porcini soup..... I would rather drink this than water everyday.For an entree I had the butter poached lobster and ricotta gnocchi entree.  SO GOOD!The table bread and butter.... (it's rosemary cranberry herb butter).... mmmmmmmmThe chocolate decadence dessert, great.Service, fantastic.Decor, awesome.I love this place, and would highly recommend it.  (btw, I went here with a $50 restaurant.com gc, worked beautifully)YAY Avalon!
5	HOT.All I can say is, my obsessions with duck fat (Bourbon Steak) and pork belly (The Mission) might be over. They've now been trumped by Avalons use of Porcini Foam and "Dust" atop of the lobster bisque. By far, hands down, best lobster bisque EVER. And I now have new obsessions...foam and "dust".Handmade Lobster Ravioli, Beet and Fig Salad, Poached Lobster with Ricotta Gnocchi...it was all fantastic and fresh.We tried two desserts, both AMAZING and choc full of flavor - banana bread pudding and apple tart.I've been to a lot of new (and old) restaurants this year, and Avalon definitely has my attention!!!
4	Avalon is a Off the HOOK!Ok most of you know I am a Chef myself.  The Chefs Bisque is one to envie.  Mine, His, Mine, His.......?????His does it Right!  Yes I also had the Banana Bread Pudding.  I remember one of the best Bread Pudding I ever had was at the Carnilean Roon in San Francisco.  This is now my favorite.As I spoke with the Carrie the event planner we got on the subject of my work.  So she went out the Chef and we had a great conversation.  He walked me through his kitchen and introduced me to the crew.  Nice team.  The kitchen is spot less and one to admire. Again he does it right.  Hats off to the Chef and the Avalon Team.  The High beams and decor was enviting and warm.  The bar has everything a party could want.  Wow what is that? "Would like a tasting?" Friendly and customer oriented.  I will go back next time I am in Scottsdale
4	I would have given Avalon 5 stars, but they messed up on the bill and it was awkward.Everything else was great... really good...Plenty of parking... Decor is sleek..... Service was perfect, except for messing up the check.... Bus boy was always filling the water....The food was AMAZING.... It really was almost perfect.So we ordered several sides and a couple main courses.They start you out with bread, which seems homemade. They provide a cranberry butter... Awesome....The sides were tasty, warm and we wanted more...The entrees are a good size.... cooked perfectly.... filling... and looked amazing...I think we might go back when we are in Arizona again....I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but it was awkward when they messed up the bill.. They did fix it.... but.....
5	I was there last night for a private Christmas Party of a friend of mine and it was my first time at the restaurant.  I have to say, I am so looking forward to going back!  The food was amazing!  I had the French Onion Soup and the pan roasted free range chicken breast.  So delicious!!!  And then for dessert was this amazing peanut butter torte....The band that was playing was great.  I wish this wan't so far from my home as I would make it a regular spot!
4	Went for dinner last night and was very pleased from start to finish.Service was great, decor was modern comtemporary, and the food was excellent.We started with the calamari, cooked perfectly, could have used a little more seasoning, but the melon butter made up for it.I had the lobster bisque which was amazing, some of the best  i've ever had.  Super rich. My wife had the french onion soup which was top noch as well, but go for the bisque.For dinner i had the duck duck goose.  The duck was cooked perfectly, and melted away.You could tell everything was made in-house and with love.Near the end of the meal a band came in and started to play, nice touch.  Overall, i'm a huge fan all the way around.
4	I invited my darling man here for a night out, having read the excellent reviews, and hoping for a new culinary adventure.I hear the name Avalon, and I think of two things: Merlin.  And Frankie Avalon.  Ancient wizard and former teen idol from the 50s.  The decor has that same magical yet contemporary feel.  White twisting branches that snake up the walls, illuminated by the soft pink glow of lights in the wall.  Clean contemporary furnishings, combined with wood and tiles.  Black chandeliers line the banquette bar and entry.   A family style table sits at the center of the restaurant, surrounded by retro beaded curtains.We snuggled up comfortably in a corner booth, and immediatey we were greeted by our friendly server.  She was very knowledgeable about the menu items, and was patient and friendly in helping us make our decisions.The menu was the standard contemporary American cuisine, dreamed up by chef  Travis Watson - who has been a driving force behind Fox Restaurant concepts (Bloom, Olive and Ivy, North, Greene House...)  One thing I absolutely had to try was the Lobster bisque, which was not on the menu but is "always available."  I love bisque, I love lobster bisque, and this was certainly a deliciously creamy way to begin the meal.  Downsides to this: delivered in a coffee cup and saucer, with a creamy froth on top - I thought I was getting a cappuccino, not bisque. The consistency was much too thin for a bisque, I prefer the recipes that actually have a little texture.This was followed with a dreamy loaf of warm, supple, sourdough bread paired with a delectable cranberry herb butter - which is served to all patrons. I loved the flavor combination of sour and sweet, the bread was gone within minutes.I decided to splurge on this visit and order the grilled prime filet mignon.  The selling point was the savory foie gras that came as a garnish on the perfectly prepared meat, paired with glazed root vegetables that did not overstuff my already aching belly.Overall impression: Ambiance is sultry, sexy, and hip.  The menu items are classic coastal american cuisine, prepared with love and inventive ingredients - but I could have enjoyed more drama.  Servings are ideal for one person.  Expect to spend at least $100 for a meal for two.  If dining on the cheap, try them for happy hour when you can sample Shrimp and roasted garlic fondue for $7, or the polenta stuffed jumbo prawns for $8.Sample listing of appetizers ranging from $10-$12:Warm brie in pastry, crispy calamri frittes, house made maine lobster ravioliSample salads and soups ranging from $8-$12:French sweet onion soup, avalon ceasar salad, grilled flat iron steak saladSample Entrees from $19-$34:Shephard's pie, Colorado lamb osso bucco, bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, butter poached maine lobster
3	After reading positive reviews from Phoenix Mag, here on Yelp, and from a friend, we decided to give Avalon a shot. Despite the fact that OpenTable showed they had open reservations 8:00, we arrived just before 8 to be told it'd be a 5-10 minute wait. 15 minutes later, we asked the hostess what was going on, and she said, "Oh, okay, I can seat you now" and walked us back to a dining room with about 5 open tables. I understand that restaurants seat based on server and not based on open tables, but making patrons wait with so many open tables is just bad business. As it would turn out, waiting is something we'd do a lot that evening.After sitting down, we waited 5 minutes for the waiter to come over to ask about drinks. He brought our waters and then disappeared for 15 minutes. We had to flag down one of the hostesses to ask for some bread and to get our server so we could order. In the mean time, I noticed that another table sat down and waited about 10 minutes for their server to even show up at all, but at least once she did she got them drinks and bread immediately.The first thing we noticed on the menu was that the chef had changed (it turns out the original chef left right after the new year). Once we did get our server, we ordered the organic greens salad, shrimp fettuccine carbonara, lamb osso bucco, and side of sauteed spinach.The salad was a joke. For $8 you get about 8 bites of salad (the dressing is nice, though), plus they split ours in the kitchen, so we each were served a plate with about 4 bites. I don't care if it cost $3, you shouldn't serve anything that ridiculously small. The carbonara was quite good, with the added touch of lemon lightening up a typically heavier dish, but the osso bucco was pretty bland (although here the portion was huge). The spinach side was as small as the salad. Typically sides are enough for two to share, so if they're going to serve these petite sides, they should explain that to diners. The best dish was actually the dessert, banana bread pudding, which makes sense since the original chef was the former pastry chef for Sam Fox's restaurants.After our dessert, we waited 15 more minutes from the time we asked for the check until our waiter returned. He apologized and said they were short staffed, but it was clearly just an effort to try to get a better tip.The service was really a deal breaker for this place. And all of these problems could have been avoided if the hostess had just explained that they were short staffed and what the wait for a table (and good service) would actually be. That said, even if the service was perfect, I don't think the food was as exceptional as what I've had elsewhere for the same price, with the exception of the dessert. I don't see this place lasting long if these problems continue
5	OMG this is a wonderful place! Now I only had drinks and an Appetizer but it was amazing! The drink I had was Lady of the lake, a wonderful blend of Absolut Citron / Blue Curacao / Chambord Sweet & Sour / Cranberry Juice / Sprite absolutely to die for!!!! The Appetizer was Brie En Croute, the best I have had in my life. The brie was not rubbery or stinky like cheap Brie can be and the flaky pastry crust that encased this heavily brie was amazing. There service was exquisite. We where constantly checked on (not to the part of being annoying) but to the point of being valued. If I could only eat at one place in Arizona it would be this place. There food and service are superb.
4	I have been here a handful of times... mostly for lunch.  It is right near my office so great location for my work day but for all other times of my life this is a obscure location for such a treasure:).   My favorite on the menu is the flat iron steak salad, it really is so so so tasty and a perfect size.  Don't forget to ask for fresh baked bread and butter:).  I have also had numerous appetizers which were all amazing!! Their service is always really good and knowledgeable and another thing I like is they always remember me when I come in.
4	Their portions are small but very flavorful. The inside alone is breathtakingly gorgeous!! Waiter is very knowledgeable, polite, and personalable. Waiting time takes awhile, but you won't mind, you'll be too busy taking in what you see, enjoying your conversation, and good food takes time! :D
5	Avalon was a completely pleasant surprise. I took my girlfriend out for a nice dinner and the food(great Lamb osso bucco), service, and atmosphere(music was great and volume was appropriate) were perfect. Each suggestion from our excellent server (wish I could recall her name) was great. From the cocktails and wine to the apps and all the way to dessert. I will definitely be going back for more at Avalon.
5	We revisited Avalon for New Year's Eve and had the best meal I've experienced since moving to Phoenix.  This place is top shelf!As before, the food was absolutely excellent.  I had prime rib, expertly cooked to medium rare, while my cohorts dined on prime tenderloin and luscious chicken.  Apps and drinks were dangerously tasty, and our dessert was, once again, truly outstanding.  Please take your business to Avalon, as I applaud their devotion to an exceptionally fine dining experience.
4	We had great service. Decor is cool. Food was great. This was my first time after being there once before for lunch. All of the below were great:pre-game breadbacon-wrapped pork tenderloinlobster (my wife's)sweet corn/polentabacon/yukon gold gratinforbidden ricewine list w/ knowledgeable waitermashed potatoes.give it a try...food reminded us of Elements at the Sanctuary....totally undercover and underrated spot near Old Town.
3	Let me just start with I don't like valentines' day and I think hallmark pushes it to make money and sell cards, but nonetheless,  this year my husband and I fell for it. Typically, in the past we have just stayed home, but this year we thought what the heck lets go out. So the search began for which restautant. So my husband first of all HATES price fixe menues, but I told him lets find one that somewhat exemplifies the menu of the restaurant, sooo thats how we came across Avalon.Avalon seemed moderately priced even with wine tasting (which I will explain later) and looked to have similar items that would be found on the every day menu.Ok so we arrive. This place may need a wake up call as to its location, less than one block from Dukes, you know what I am talking about. Anyways, we walk in and are greeted by very friendly hostess. They seat us in a nice both. The interior is very trendy, but so weird for McDowell and Hayden, not expected. The waiter approaches and explains that is a price fixe and that there is a wine pairing option. Says the wines are excellent, blah blah. So the suckers we are decide to add the wine pairing. Ok this is where my complaint comes in.... paid way tooo much per tasting for the wine given. At the end of the meal they priced out the wine, could have had full glasses of good wine at Postino for half the price they charged us.As for the food, it was very good, but excellent not close. My husband had the new york strip which he enjoyed. I had the sea bass. It was very tasty, and good thing I told them to take the pancetta glaze off. Gross! I believe that a good fish or steak do not need glazes or sauces unless the steak or fish are previously frozen. Just saying!!Anyways, we had a lovely evening, would we rush back. I am going to say no. Though I would not be against giving it one more chance.
5	I was first introduced to Avalon by my artist friend Gary who helped designed the restaurant.  On my first visit with him, we had drinks and appetizers.  I remembered the drinks were great and what stuck in my mind was the ahi tuna on top of thinly sliced caramelized green apples.  The thinly sliced caramelized green apples added just enough sweetness and tartness to the ahi tuna to make this dish truly delicious and memorable.During this visit, I was introduced to the chef and owner Ryan and was impressed by their vision and passion for their restaurant.The second time I visited the restaurant was with my mom's club where everyone was really excited to try all the dishes on the menu.  So we each got a different entree and passed the plates around.  Everything we had was top rate and delicious.  What stuck in my mind from that visit was the lobster bisque.  Rich and creamy and full of flavor!I've heard they've added live music to certain nights- with the beautiful, contemporary interior, it's definitely a great place for date night so I can't wait to go back with my husband to enjoy the ambiance, music and of course the plate licking good food!
4	3.6 stars and 2 golf discs... The interior is straight out of a restaurant in a nicer Vegas hotel (in a good way). Not over the top, but very nicely done. That said, I don't recall ever seeing the PDGA come strolling through a restaurant in Vegas. That's right, there really is a Professional Disc Golf Association and they really do have a tour...it wasn't my Martini -- a very well made Martini I will add. They have the large, ever-so-popular community table, and a nice medium sized bar area with couch-like seating and cool lighting. The bar has good happy hour specials too. The restaurant has a classy, but comfortable feel...and don't get me started on the oh so cool bath tiling (yes, you should ask, why would this be a topic of conversation on a date?) Now, I ate here after running the Ragnar Relay, so my taste buds may have been off -- but I warned you. The Lobster Ravioli was so-so, but lacking in flavor and the Carpaccio was good. My favorites were the duck breast, cooked at the correct level and paired well with the gooseberry glaze, and the pork chop, nice and tender and not overdone. Unfortunately, the specials for the night were already sold out and for this level of restaurant the wine list is a little sparse. So, next time the tour is in town (and they play a tournament right outside the front door) you can invite your favorite PDGA member out for a nice dinner...or maybe just a drink, I hear those PDGA pros are pretty wild (note - this is a joke, I know no PDGA tour players and I don't want to be attacked by frisbee throwing agro players)
3	Great atmosphere, good service, but just average food!
3	Avalon has everything going for it -- good food, good bar, beautiful decor -- only problem is every time I have been there it is always empty! I enjoy places where the vibe is happening and people are having a good time... I hate to say but it's just not there. Perhaps it's the location, if it were in the heart of Old Town it might draw a bigger crowd, doesn't seem to fit the surrounding establishments of cheap Chinese and fast food joints.
4	Seek this place out.  Well worth the effort.  Ya know how sometimes a place can be "too pretty" to trust that the food is going to measure up.  HAVE NO FEAR- @ AVALONThe meal we enjoyed last night does the interior design proud and then some.  Our group dined on: Beef Carpaccio (Very Good) Ahi Tartare (Good) Lobster Bisque (Awesome - Beyond Belief!) Panzanella Salad (Very Good) Bacon Wrapped Pork Loin (Very Good) Lamb Osso Buco (Excellent) Diver Scallops (Very Good)Desserts - Banana Bread Pudding (Dear God, Can I eat this every day please?) Loved it. The service - while friendly and attractive - came off  as a little more casual and inexperienced  than an operation of this caliber deserves.They are open early on the weekends for brunch (9AM) which makes them a more sophisticated alternative to the usual breakfast hang.This is a go back to place for sure in our book.
4	Found this again on Localdines.com.  We bought a $50 gift certificate for $25, which basically gave us a free delicious entree.  Fantastic Mussels to start, followed by a Ribeye that matched that of Scottsdales Mastro Group restauarants and the most tender duck we have had in along time.  We also shared a strong bodied shiraz and split dessert.  All in with tip and the gift card $85..... A bargain for what we ordered.
4	I went to @avalonscttsdle with @PHXtastecasting.We were served a tasting menu, courtesy of Chef Charles Stotts.We started with an ahi with ponzu. It was amazing, and had a wonderfully distinct sesame flavor!We also had carpaccio, very soft and tender.Next up, three soups; Lobster Bisque,  Bacon Vichyssoise, and Creamy TomatoThe bisque was velvety smooth, powerful, but with a subtle lobster essence. Creamy, warm, and delicious!The vichyssoise had a hint of bacon, very creamy and smooth. A perfect cold-day soup!The tomato soup. I'm not a tomato soup fan, but I would spend my last few dollars for this soup. Slightly peppery, but not too bold, great consistency. With grilled cheese, you'd never need anything else!Next up were the entrees and sides.Polenta; subtle flavor, creamy texture.Pork; bacon wrapped, served with apple sauce. Reminded me of the leaves changing color.Bone marrow bread pudding; let me just say, I would kill for this. I don't mean that abstractly. I would murder you for yours if you had some. Twice. It's that good. It is the epitome of comfort food.Lobster tails; eh. Kinda tough, but good flavor.Ricotta gnocchi; nice flavor, perfect consistency.New York Strip; perfect temperature and color, really good flavor. It would be a crime to put any kind of sauce or seasoning on this steak.Spinach; delicious!Dessert was a red velvet cheesecake ensemble;2 oz scoop of cheesecake on a medallion of red velvet cake, with a cream cheese frosting.SOOOO GOOOOD!!!Avalon was a great time. Nice decor, good lighting, but they lose a star because I didn't like the way there were nothing but extremely high-end cars parked right in front by the door.I may return, but the cost dictates it won't be soon, or often.
4	Met my mom and her husband at Avalon for Mother's Day dinner. I had called ahead for a reservation just in case others were too lazy to get up for brunch. Luckily this was not necessary because the elder generation was almost 30 minutes late. My fault, not theirs. My fiance and I sat in the comfy lounge rooting the Suns on to victory and enjoyed a drink while waiting. Fantastic sangria for me (on the dry side but that was perfect) and 15-year-old scotch for my fiance. There was such a mellow, relaxed vibe in the lounge and that continued into the dining room when we were seated. Here's a summary of the food: Appetizers we tried: Steamed Prince Edward Isle Mussels--fresh, perfectly steamed mussels with smoked fish--wonderful Grilled Flat Iron Steak Salad--the freshest greens, juicy steak and that lemon dust--wonderful also Entrees: Seared Maine Diver Scallops--again, scallops perfectly cooked but the blue crab risotto it was served on was gummy and tasteless Pan Roasted Rib-eye Steak--both orders were cooked exactly as requested (one medium rare, one medium well). Normally served with a mushroom-barley "risotto" which was described as "only okay" by the one person who stuck with that. The other person chose to replace the "risotto" with garlic smashed potatoes, which were very good All Day Braised Veal "Pot Roast"--the veal was spectacular, so tender but the sweetbreads on top were not a hit even though the diner said she normally loves sweetbreads. Served on a pile of the garlic smashed potatoes. Dessert: Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter Torte--tiny portion on a huge plate once you taste how rich and dense it is, there is no need for more. Very satisfying. Creme Brulee--a bit of a twist with some crunchy coconut on top and served with the freshest macaroons I've ever had. No five stars from me only because of the disappointment of the two risottos. Otherwise this slickly decorated but warm restaurant wowed us and ensured we'll be making a return trip.** Have to add this on after reading other reviews.  Am VERY disappointed that we didn't know they always have lobster bisque even though it's not on the menu.  My mom LOVES lobster bisque and would have enjoyed having some.  Also, we received plain butter with our bread, no special cranberry/herb mixture.  Next time I'll know better but it's a shame this makes me rethink the 4 stars. **
5	I finally got to Avalon again for lunch.... It's been a year and I enjoyed it just as much. It has such a nice ambiance and a very friendly staff. Fun decor and an open area onto the patio that lets in a lot of light and fresh air. Plus, I love their seasonal/local philosphy. Our orders:Arugula Panzenella Bread Salad. This was SO good! It wasn't your standard bread salad - the bread was actually more like crunchy croutons. It came with fresh mozzarella, grape tomatoes, and a pesto vinaigrette. Grilled Chicken 'Club' Sandwich: Includes bacon, avocado aioli, and radish sprouts. My boyfriend got tator tots on the side and loved his lunch.
4	And all This time I thought this was a spa. I really did. To my surprise it turned out to be a pleasant surprise. The decor is somewhere between Vegas and LA in a fun way. The menu according to Chef Charles is seasonal and changes every week or two. This insures freshness in both the product and selection. So fair warning, if you really like a dish and you want it again, go back in a couple of days or call if they will serve it. They are going to turn the restaurant into a night club on the weekends. I will have to return and see how that works out.
4	I can dig!  Avalon is hidden restaurant among S. Scottsale.  Americanize food by day and trendy hot lounge by night.  Music was nice and loud and danceable, but just hanging with good company will do.  The patio is open but since it's still pretty warm out; they kept the garage doors down ;(  However, the place is amazingly designed (Thanks Gary)  An artwork of a building and I can't wait till it's cooler so you can see the full spectrum!  Drinks are definitely decently priced!  Haven't had the chance to eat here yet, but not to worry; more to come so stay tuned.... enjoy!
2	Came here for a birthday dinner and found it average. Nice decor and fun seating and bathrooms. But for the price I just wasn't blown away. It kind of annoyed me that our server when asked about something kept saying, "It's so great, it's my favorite!" Really? The whole menu is your favorite? Every wine on the wine list is your favorite? My father order a ribeye that looked like a NY strip and said something to the waiter.  He argued with him for like ten minutes.  My father worked as a butcher for many years.  Trust me if he said it wasn't a ribeye, it wasnt.  I wont be back.
4	I've only been to Avalon once, but I can easily see it becoming one of my favorite restaurants. I was really disappointed when I found out they were out of scallops, but my mahi mahi was really delicious and my best friend's ribeye was even BETTER! It was seriously one of the best ribeyes that I've tasted in awhile. Note that their website menu is outdated I think. The mahi mahi is not listed and my friend's ribeye was different from what's on online.The service was good, atmosphere was nice & trendy, and the breadbasket w/ garlicky dip was uniquely yummy! Only nuisance was an odd odor encountered upon entering the restaurant. I really don't understand why we were only one of a few occupied tables that Saturday evening. I can't wait to go back!
5	Ok.  I've been to this restaurant twice in 5 days an I have been thinking of the right way to right a review the last 3 days.  I'm still not sure but in the best possible way.  I'll break it down into 3 parts:1. Design/Decor: 25 thousand stars.  I met the owner, Ryan, my second night.  He is 32 and for whatever reason or prodigal awareness simply amazing.  He gets it in every sense of the word.  He designed this restaurant himself with every minute detail turning into the big picture in mind.  Classic design, excellent but subtle ambiance, and comfort.  The lighting, the menu layout, the bar and wait station convenience and many more things are perfect.  I have worked as a waiter and bartender in my earlier days(and in case you are wondering I effin' rocked!) and this place is set up for efficiency and customer happiness.  2. The food and drinks: I met the Chef Charles and again, this guy is the Bombay.  Excellent taste, creativity and inventiveness in the menu while using as many local ingredients as possible.  Kudos.  The manager and my bartender for the evening the first night on Friday, Jason, was personable, knowledgeable, and makes one helluva Sangria.  And I'll be damned if they are not both Midwesterners from Minnesota.  I am from Iowa originally so we are all good.  Charles states and I quote, "there is something about Iowa sweet corn and it's the best in the world".  Need I say more?  In case you are budget minded, happy hour drinks are a great deal and the food menu is tasty and will fill you up for under $5.  Great soups, ribs, pork slider, ahi tacos, etc.3. The service: World class.  Personable. This is the Hidden Gem of Phoenix.  Please frequent this place and keep it in business because it's amazing.  Top 5 in Phoenix for restaurant experience along with Tuck Shop, NOCA, Tarbell's...
5	Outstanding food and great service! Pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon...now that's a meal. The dumpling appetizer was fantastic. We will be coming back often!
4	The decor is simple modern, not pretentious but very nice.  Service was attentive and friendly.  I found the tortilla soup to be absolutely excellent, and others in my party said the same about the Ricotta Dumplings.  I had the Truffle Glazed Top Sirloin with Bleu Cheese Potato Gratin.  Unfortunately my steak was quite over-cooked (I ordered rare, got medium or more).  I didn't address this issue with them, as I hate waiting for something to be done over again.  The others who ordered their steak medium got what they wanted.  Disappointing but not awful.  The sauce was excellent as were the potatoes, with a good, strong cheese bite.  The Creme Brule was very good, and while not the best I've had, it's near the top.There is a reasonable wine selection and they did a good job on my martini.
4	I had been to Avalon for brunch a while back and found the food to be fantastic so I decided to join them for Restaurant Week.  Glad I didI love the ambiance of the place, quiet, calm, music at the right volume and the right music (I am beginning to think restaurants don't understand how important this is).  The service is outstanding.I ordered the Ricotta dumplings (aka gnocchi) - absolutely the best flavor of the night, it was a party in my mouth.  I will be going back soon to have this again.My top sirloin was cooked perfectly, while a little tough the seasoning was perfect.  The potatoes were delish and a nice cheesey crust that paired well with the steak.Flourless chocolate cake was rich but tastey.Their winelist is good, a little merlot heavy, and it doesn't match the one they have on their website but still good and FYI Wednesday night is half price bottle night.It surprised me that the restaurant wasn't more crowded, this place should be slammed every night for the excellent service and the fantastic food.  I will definitely be back.
5	One word. Fantastic. Meant to write a review of this place a couple of months ago. I do tell people all the time to check it out. Probably the best meal I have had in Phoenix. Do not know who the chef is, but he/she knows what they are doing.Only thing that hurts this place is its location, as anyone knows the masses in this town are not an adventurous bunch, no one wanting to leave their neighborhood. Sad, but this town really is the worst of LA. When I am in LA I can't get any of my friends to leave their neighborhood either. Break out of your bubble and just GO!!!
5	Great service and excellent food. NOTHING to complain about! A must try!
5	GO!!!  My husband and I stayed at the hotel next door to this restaurant so we ended up going 3 times in one week!  First:  the atmosphere is fantastic (great designer!)...and the music is equally so.  Second:  The food is DELICIOUS!!  We started off with the bread and holy cow it's an insane way to prep for the main meal.  It's warm, soft, and a 5star crust.  The options wiht the bread are butter or a parmasean, pesto spread that is CRAZY GOOD.  Squash soup - order it!!!!  We did all 3 times....Third: Our dinner. I had the steak and it is very flavorful and was cooked perfectly.  The demi-glaze that comes with the steak was delicious! The gorgonzola mashed potatoes put me in a state of gastro BLISS!!  I will NOT forget these potatoes and will be craving them for a long time!!  Ask for a side of these not matter which meal you get.  OMG they are good.My husband got the lobster and was VERY happy.  We both got these same meals all 3 times we went because it was that good so we haven't tried any of the other items yet.  Maybe on our 4th visit! :-)We didn't order dessert because we were so full with bread, soup, and our main entrees. However, I will say that the choices weren't something that really tempted us either so maybe some different choices in teh dessert area would be good.Lastly:  the service.  TOP NOTCH!!!  We had Madlyn twice and Andre once.  BOTH were exceptional and made our experience even more special.  We are from NYC and just moved here so to find a restaurant this good on our arrival was a real treat.  We WILL be back for more visits for sure.
4	Preface:  I am reviewing Avalon based on my happy hour experience, I have not yet had the pleasure to enjoy the full dining experience, although I hear it is good.  I met some friends here last week, and had a pretty good time.  I'm fluctuating between 3 1/2 stars and 4 stars, so I'll just round up.  The good and the bad:*  The happy hour prices are not the cheapest.  Only $2 dollars off glasses of wine and beer, and both are already overpriced in my opinion.* The happy hour food menu was small...and the one item we tried to order they were out of.* They apparently have amazing bread with dipping sauce, that a friend had sampled on a previous visit.  When we tried to order it though, we were told that they only brought it out with the order of an entree.  Since none of us were staying for dinner, we offered to just pay for the bread.  Their response "ehh, management is pretty strict on the bread policy"(side note - when we informed them that one member of our group actually needed to eat for medical reasons, they brought the bread out free of charge)* The service was great.  Our server was friendly and sweet.*  The ambience is classy and charming - think Fox Concepts -esque.  Very nice, kinda swanky - which also is a juxtoposition with the fact that its kind of hidden and surrounded by office buildings.  Not a location you would think of for fine diningAs I said, I haven't tried their food yet, but will certainly go back again at dinner time and give it a shot!
5	I just wanted to share with you what a great experience my boyfriend and I had on Friday night at Avalon.  It was our first time going there and we had high hopes based on rave reviews and boy, were we not disappointed!The decor and mood makes you feel as though you are in NYC or Chicago, not South Old Town. Also, service was very efficient and friendly. Our server was a friendly redhead who chatted quite a bit with us and recommended her favorites on the menu which I always appreciate when I'm a first timer.We had a bottle of Riesling and the scallop appetizer to start. Both were amazing. I ordered the butterfish and he had the duck breast. Again, AMAZING. I loved the butterfish, but man, that duck breast was out of this world!!! I kept trying to steal bites of the duck breast from my boyfriend. We also loved the bread with the pesto and balsamic butter that they give you as a complimentary starter. Delish.The band they had playing, Smooth Grooves, was unbelievable. I am normally not a sap but the singer made me shed a few tears during a couple songs. (She played "At Last" - gets me every time!) Her voice was beautiful. (I wasn't the only guest that had that experience... a couple other women at other tables were weepy as well!) We finished up our dinner and went onto the patio to listen. Several other tables did the same. Everyone was raving about the band. The band was very fun and interactive, chatting with us and smiling as they crooned tunes like the Isley Brothers and some other familiar tunes.Overall, awesome experience and I can't wait to come back again with friends who haven't gotten to try Avalon out yet.Thanks again and compliments to you and your staff!
4	We had gone here several times last year, but quit after we found the food rather dull, which was too bad as it is a beautiful space with tables well placed.  We went back after hearing a new chef was on board.  Big improvement!!!!I had the ceasar sald, and my husband had the lobster soup which he raved about.  Calamari was very nicely fried.  Hsb had the rib eye which he thought was OK, not great , otherwise, I would have given 5 stars as my butterish was beautiful with a nice tangy sauce to liven it up.The place was pretty empty, so go guys and keep them alive!  Part of the problem is that it is a large place so it feels empty most of the time.
4	We recently tried Avalon. Accompanied by My Aunt and Girlfiend, We tried thier Sunday brunch. It is a Simple menu with about 7-8 plates each for $8. The Service was great, but there was only a few other patrons seated. The coffee was outstanding. Our meals arrived promptly. Each of us ordered something different to keep things interesting. I had the steak and eggs. The meat was tender, cooked to order, the demi sauce was a good addition and the eggs were good. I could have gone for some potatoes, but otherwise, the meal was satisfying and actually delicious. The GF ordered the omelette. This menu item shined the brightest. It is a turkey, bacon and tomato omelette. it was cooked perfectly, the stuffing was not overdone and each item complemented the other. It is served with a small geen salad that has a light, orangy dressing. It was a great accompanyment. The omelette will be ordered again!!My Aunt ordered te tater tot breakfast, we were all leary of this menu item. Lo and Behold, they take tater tots to a new level!!  Talk about the ordinary done extra-ordinarily!! Her scrambled eggs were just right and the tots were crazy good. This is an ideal meal for a kid or a kid at heart. It could have done with a slice of bacon or sausage but what do you expect for $8. All in all the staff was friendly and helpfull, the restaurant was slower but had several tables seated when we left. They definetely made our cut fur breakfast! We are comitting to going back to try the lunch and dinner items. Breakfast was a hit!
3	Avalon, though it has the potential, failed to live up to expectations.  It's sad to see a fine chef undermined by a poor front-of-house operation, but that's what happened to us tonight.  The food and the atmosphere were first rate, but everything else dragged the experience down.Things started off poorly when Open Table wasn't able to make a reservation for a party of six though there were plenty of openings when I called.  The service, though courteous, was unbearably slow despite a nearly empty house on a Tuesday night.  Requested items such as a dessert menu weren't brought to us.  No bread was brought to the table till we requested it after entrees were served.  The coffee was cold the first time around.  I'm aware that in some circles it's considered proper for a check to be presented only after it is requested, but it took 20 minutes to get a server's attention to request it.  The restroom was out of towels.  For this they didn't deserve the 20% tip which was automatically added to our bill.Nevertheless, the food was first rate.  Be warned that for better or worse the menu may bear no resemblance to the one on their web site.  We enjoyed a bottle of Red Dirt Red wine.  All the salads were great, though the promised goat cheese had to be substituted due to a shortage.  The crab cake was unique and wonderful.  The rack of lamb was wonderful, if small.  The couscous was delightfully flavorful.  The short rib was perfect. The barramundi was a pleasant surprise.  Regrettably, the only dessert we tried was the brownie with roasted marshmallow which was merely ordinary, with no hint of mint in the mint chip ice cream.Our experience says it's a good, though expensive, place for a quality meal, but too risky to bring guests.
4	The vibe of this place sticks out like a very modern, stylish thumb.  There are very few places in the Valley that could comfortably house this urban vision and South Scottsdale is definitely not one of them.  Strange location aside, it was a great time.Highlights:- Very attentive and friendly staff- Perfectly executed design and interior- Varied menu that offers something for most diners.- Incredible Corn Chowder and Lobster Bisque.- Very inventive polentaThe prices are on the high end for what you get but the atmosphere compensates for the difference.  Also, don't go off the menu online.  You'll encounter a different one at the restaurant.
1	Ok so 1st things 1st..yes we had a coupon so maybe that started things off poorly, but this is a new restuarant and they seemingly need buisness. We were pleased with the food. Not complaints there. However we were there for 1 hr and 45 min and all we had were 3 appetizers..it took 40 min for our salad and bisque to arrive after our mussels..this was after the manager observed that it was taking a while..we also started to notice that other tables seemed annoyed as well.We would have been fine with a meer "sorry" but that is apparently too much to ask for. We tipped 22% on the full amount of the checxk minus our coupon..then we called. The manager was so rude as to not offer a simple apology..good luck to this establishment if they decide to continue such poor customer service at such high prices...boo boo boo
3	Went here tonight with the BF for early Hallmark day and we had a living social so that worked out. The place has a lack of good signage and by the time we saw the sign, we had passed the only entrance to this place. Anyways, so we we got inside and the place looks nice, but is really dimly lit. Like really really dark. The furniture and whatnot looks modern though, and I liked the feel of the restaurant (wish there was a little more light though). We started with the pork belly. This was the best thing we had here. Oooo it was sooo good. Now, it was pork belly, so it's hard to mess it up, but this was especially good. I just wish it were bigger. They also gave us a small loaf of warm bread with butter, balsamic, and some pesto -y stuff that kind of tasted like parsley. The butter was good, the parsley pesto was kind of weird. For dinner I had the chicken and the BF had the short rib (oh, like other reviewers said, the menu online is not the same menu that they actually have..... sad for the BF who really wanted bacon wrapped pork tenderloin). The chicken was meh. It was a big portion, but the chicken was on the bone (I prefer off the bone... easier to cut and whatnot) and it was kind of dry. The sauce was nothing special. It came with mashed potatoes which were ok and some greens that tasted like... parsley. The short ribs were fine, again short ribs are something that pretty much have to be pretty good due to their overwhelming fat content, but the sauce that they were braised in was kind of weird and tasted like... parsley. This restaurant really likes parsley.... a lot. Maybe it was on sale or something this week, but man... kind of weird. The short ribs came with some really good polenta.... I usually don't like polenta, but this was really good... extremely creamy. Anyway, so we were really hoping to get dessert being hallmark day and all, but when the time came, we found that the dessert menu on their website is also not the real menu. The one on the website has like 6 choices, but there were only two choices tonight: A brownie and Beignets. Neither sounded all that awesome... who wants donuts or brownies from a nice restaurant? I wanted the chocolate overload.... but nope. So we skipped dessert *tear* Overall this place wasn't bad, but if I hadn't had the living social deal, I would have felt ripped off.
4	Went here with my boyfriend for Valentine's Dinner. The menu was a special prix fixe for the occasion and was delectable.  The highlight was the chocolate mousse dessert. We enjoyed the sleek, modern decor and ambiance. It really set the mood for a relaxing and fun evening.We will definitely be coming back to try their full menu.
3	Went there for the second time yesterday, for my birthday dinner.The ambiance is different than any other place I've been to in the Valley - I'd say it's modern, my boyfriend said it has a retro feel. The lights are dimmed, making the experience more intimate.They changed the chef since the last time I was there, so the menu changed as well.... not for the better, in my opinion. We shared the pork belly appetizer, the maya house salad and the rib eye. The pork belly - melts in your mouth! No wonder, it's probably 80% or more fat... I could feel the cholesterol build up in my arteries with every bite I took.The salad was my favorite - simple, but fresh! Crisp greens, berries, glazed nuts and a lemony light dressing! Yum!The rib eye was ok - the meat had a bit too much fat/cartilage... but it still tasted good.The waitress we had... she didn't seem like she wanted to be there. She didn't know much about the menu, and she never refilled my water glass.I would give it 4 stars if the service were better.I'll definitely give it another try, if nothing else, the ambiance is worth it!
4	had a deal chicken coupon for avalon. used it on v-day (i know...but with 3 mortgages, pennies have to be pinched even if it's v-day). we both loved the decor...modern AND retro. me: portabello mushroom app, lobster bisque, scallopsshe: shrimp app, i forget the rest of her meali loved mine. the bisque was rich and creamy and the scallops barely seared...soft and juicy and tasty. i really did like my girls dishes, but i was so impressed with mine, it's all i remember. give me a day or two and i'll remember. a bit pricey for us, but with the coupon, dinner and a glass of wine for 2 came to just over 80 bucks (with tip). speaking of tip, we weren't all that impressed with our waiter. a bit (slightly) inattentive and seemed preoccupied. and it was chilly in there. wish they would turn up the heat when it's cold out.overall, very good food and excellent decor (the background music was pretty good too....down tempo grooves). i looked up their brunch menu and it looks fabulous...can't wait to check that out too!
4	Great decorations and atmosphere, although a slightly older crowd. Mandy, our server & bartender was very kind and helpful. The food was delicious but comes in very small portions and with slowish service. Overall a very enjoyable dining experience.
1	Went for brunch.  Reminded me of meal at my old student union grill in college(that's not a good thing). Place screams "closing soon". The online menu is completely different from their realMenu(not a good thing).  Should have gone to petite maison.
3	I should have written a review of Avalon a long time ago as we've been going for more than a year. If I had written it with my original experiences I would have found a way to give it 6 stars. Now not so much. Some things haven't changed. I still like the fun modern decor. The waitstaff are still super friendly and helpful.The problem is the food. With the previous chef the food was beyond fantastic. My fiancee and I loved it. He is a seriously picky eater and he would even eat the carrots that came with his favorite pan roasted chicken dish. Carrots! You have no idea how hard it is to get him to even look at his vegetables. I loved everything. The Duck, duck goose and the buttered lobster were personal favorites. We were wowed every time.Then they changed chefs. Don't get me wrong the food is still good. However, it is no longer OMG My mouth is in love! The food is just decent restaurant good. The portions also seem to be somewhat smaller than they used to be. The desserts were now kind of disappointing.I probably won't be going back not because there is anything really wrong with the place but just because it's disappointing that it is no longer so phenomenally awesome. I need to find out where the previous chef went and start going to wherever he works now.
1	Where to begin.SERVICE:We were a little late to The going away party we were attending. When we did arrive and finally seated, we weren't offered any of the sparkling wine the rest of the table was drinking. When we finally asked for glasses, we waited...and waited...and waited...I wanted to get my order in so that we could get our food with the rest of the party.  This shouldn't have been a big deal; I ordered the rockfish, for my date and I to split, and then some lobster bisque, since I'd heard rave reviews (on here) that this was the way to go as far as soups.We had a party of 12, and while this can sometimes be a daunting task, there wasn't much maintenance to our table.  We had the same bottle of Cava for the entire table and then each person was drinking water. The bisque came at the same time as  the other appetizers, but he tried to take it away before I was done (pet peeve!). There was a lot left, so there shouldn't have been a question as to whether or not I had finished. Dinner came and went. I requested a wine list, but the server asked me after I had finished the entree if I wanted any wine. Desserts, which are made by Tracy Dempsey, were never offered.The guest check was a disaster! I think they needed an abacus to figure out how to split it. We only wanted it split three ways. Not difficult. It took 25 minutes and three tries.FOODThis could end up being a four page write up. So I'll try to keep it short.The fact that I'm in the industry shouldn't deter me from trying new restaurants. But, I was surprisingly underwhelmed with the creativity. And I would regret it If I failed to mention the lack of seasoning, I also despise SPLIT PLATE fees unless you split the plate for me, but when I'm doing all the work - don't you dare charge me 5 dollars. The rockfish portion could have been - and I'm being generous here - 4 ounces. I'd be surprised if it was a four ounce portion. It was four small bites. So, $25 and four bites later....And the lobster bisque...no. Under seasoned, thin, and over creamed. At least finish it off with some sherry and I also wouldn't mind a reminder that I'm eating lobster.AMBIENCEwhatever. It was dark.  The bathrooms are pretty and clean. I am sorry our party of twelve spent more than 60 a head at this establishment.
1	I'm giving this place 1 stars based on my experience only, not our overall experience.  My husband and I made a reservation for Avalon while vacationing in Scottsdale.  I had picked up a groupon earlier in the month, anticipating our upcoming trip.This was our "second" try at dinner for the evening and if you follow my reviews, it's obvious that I certainly give credit when it is due. Arrived at Avalon and thought...looks like a cool place, host was nice (was also the bartender and waiter).  He seated us outside, as we requested, and immediately brought us a wine list.  I am quite picky about my wine, so I had a few questions regarding the list.  He was very nice and accommodating.After choosing our wine, we ordered.  I ordered a salad (maybe arugula) (and my husband ordered a soup (lobster bisq (I think).  Soup and salad was fine...nothing out of the ordinary.  For an entree, I ordered the Snapper and my husband ordered the Filet.  Our entrees were served and my husband's was so over cooked.  He usually doesn't say anything or send anything back, but he said it was terrible.  My snapper was ok, but a bit overcooked as well.  It wasn't flaky, but was a bit tough.  When we spoke to our server regarding my husband's meal, he was a bit aloof (as compared to his super friendly attitude initially) .  My husband told him that the filet was completely over cooked and he offered an alternative.  At this point, I was partially done (I'm a fast eater), but I convinced my husband to get something else.  He ordered the pork and in the meantime, a soup was brought which was a very nice gesture, but kind of funny bc my husband had a soup initially.  Well the pork was brought out and it was completely raw in the middle, not pink, but raw.  I know they were trying to hurry to get something out, but this obviously, didn't work.  I would guess this place will be out of biz in 6 months, if not sooner.  Don't waste your time or money.
4	Have eaten here for dinner, decided to try their brunch. Again, I love the decor: clean lines, crisp, contemporary. Brunch menu looked creative and promising. I ordered the egg sliders, my man got the blueberry pancakes and we shared the fruit side dish. The food was delicious and the coffee divine.  The consistently weird thing about this place is the lack of staff....it's eerie. The host is also the waiter, and also the bartender. The food took a little long, for breakfast sake-and considering we were the 2nd couple in there that morning. However, he was very attentive with refilling our coffee and water-a big plus in my book.
3	This is the first time we've been to Avalon since it changed hands and the review is overall good, but a few things to add on the constructive side.  First, they used to have gorgonzola mashed potatoes that were to die for and they don't have anything in the potato side dish that is very good.  (didn't care for the apply gratin potatoes and the fries are just so-so).  Please add a mashed or baked potato of some sort back to the menu!!!Second, the burger I ordered medium rare came very well done.  It was so dry and overdone.......very disappointing.....  the bun however, was delicious!!Other things we thought made the dinner fabulous:  exceptional crab cakes, delicous ribeye (temperature was perfect on this one), and good short ribs.  Desserts:  YUMMMM.... a lemon rasberry cake w/ creme fresh ice cream.  The ice cream was goooooooood and the cake delish!!  The other dessert was a warm brownie, marshmallow, and mint ice cream.  The brownie was heavenly!!It's also worth noting that the service was excellent!  We'll give them another try and hopefully the temperature of the burger will be correct next time.  :-)Atmosphere:  5 STARS!  FANTASTIC decor and seating.
2	Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!Not another beauty and no brains personality. Those completely disgust me! But alas, it's true. So true, I'm not sure anyone can hype this enough for me to try it again. People said it was fantastic. The menu looked amazing. I had decided it was dessert for lunch day. And I was anticipating the banana bread pudding and doing all I could not to think about it until lunch time arrived. Let me tell you this place has all the beauty. The decor and feel is sexy and sophisticated. The end.Upon arriving some of the items we anticipated were not available, including the wine I wanted and the dessert I had chosen as sacrifice for Friday lunch. To be quite honest, I don't even remember what I had, just that it was a terrible salad that is easy to forget. What I do remember though, is our food taking forever to arrive, dirty silverware, a haphazard server, the wrong dessert being served when we did order some to share, no banana bread pudding and a french onion soup that looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for three days before it was served. At least there was an entertaining table of hungover college teenie boppers to entertain us. That and most of it was covered with a groupon.
2	The first time we stopped in for dinner, having just finished our salads, a fire broke out in the kitchen and they were forced to close for the night per the fire department.Our second time back was just as unsatisfactory.  I had the ribeye and he had the salmon - it was only ok in terms of flavor, we both found hair in our dishes.  The house salad is good though.Our waiter was pushy, constantly wanting us to get wine or beverage from the bar or get a more expensive entree.  Once we made our $80 order, which I'm now assuming wasn't enough for his time, he was nowhere to be found.  The table next to us had similar complaints.
1	Ok it's a cool looking place... was super happy when I walked in and anticipated this would be a great date night.  I was seated to a table and proceeded to watch all the servers walk past me for 15 minutes (seemed like an hour).  Some even made eye contact and smiled! lol Anyone who has ever worked in a restaurant would know that they should have immediately noticed that I had no drink, no one tending to me... TERRIBLE service!  Finally after none of the (completely not busy) servers helped me... I walked up to the hostess stand and asked for a server PLEASE.  Finally the one busy waitress came up to me apologizing over and over that she did not realize I was her table.  I couldn't even be mad at the girl... she was busting her butt, but her co-workers.... definitely should have noticed me and helped her out by letting her know.  To make a short story long... the first 20 minutes being there pissed me off for the entire night and ruined it.  The food was just ok.  Service was terrible.  Pork belly was amazing.
4	Very delicious food. The duck appetizer and duck main entree are fantastic. The pork belly appetizer is also quite good.  I ordered the halibut, the fish of the day entree, but was disappointed with the fish, however the sides were fantastic -- the kumquat sauce and rice pilaf and veggies were delicious. The food is quite expensive in my opinion but it's an upscale restaurant with the decor, food and portions to match so I didn't mind the visit once in a while. Would go again.
3	A beautiful, sexy little place. I can't believe this little restaurant across from a Fry's shopping center looks like this. The food is decent but you can tell they try to be creative with it. They were a bit understaffed the two times we did go there. My only issue is that we were given a dining credit from our hotel and the waiter tried to tell us it was only good for $20.00 even though it was worth much more, I felt like I was in a bait and switch and had to go back and forth with him before he finally brought the chef (and owner I'm assuming), out to adjust it. I would go back again, just without any credits.
2	I thought this place was supposed to be good? I bought the groupon based on others reviews and something has changed! We decided to order every appetizer on the menu to get a good variety of foods. We didn't finish a single plate because they were so ......gross. The waiter felt bad that we didn't eat any of our soup and he was kind enough to take it off our bill. I've never in my life had lobster bisque that did not have lobster in it. It was super salty and had mushrooms? I'm all for reinventing the wheel but come on why not just call it mushroom bisque? It was probably the worst soup I've ever had. I was excited to try the crab app but it was bland and I had a sinking suspicion that food poising may result and I didn't touch it. The chicken wings were the best thing we ordered because the cheese platter was practically inedible. I looked at the menu online before we went and the menu they had in the restaurant was completely different. I asked what was up and they said they had a new chief. I suspect this is the cause very obvious change in opinions over the past few months. The 2 stars are for the waiters alacrity to refill our ice teas or I would give negative stars if that were possible.*If your planning on going on a sunday be advised that they no longer have brunch.
4	Sadly I received notice that Avalon has closed.  R.I.P.  Avalon.
2	We had our 25th class reunion here and I must say I was extremely disappointed in their service and food.  They were not ready when we arrived to decorate 2 hours before the start.  The tables were filthy and when we said something about it they handed us rags.  We had planned a layout for the tables and nothing had been done.  We had to move most of the furniture ourselves as there was only one guy there helping for the first hour.  Half of the light bulbs on the patio were burned out. The floors were disgusting with food under the tables, pens and trash all over. The appetizers we had preordered were supposed to start being served at 6pm and nothing came out of the kitchen until after 7pm.  Then they were few and far between and some of them were not very good. We had planned food for 100 people and there is no way that much food ever made it to the guests.  All in all I was very disappointed the only nice things were the decor and setting and reconnecting with old friends.
1	Horrible!We had an 830 reservation on a Saturday night. We arrived at 820 n were told it would be about 20min. At 845 I asked the hostess how much longer it would be and was told another 15 min. I asked her why and she replied that they only had 3 servers and no busboy. My gf and I had been waiting patiently but how can u be so short staffed on a Saturday night during Arizona restaurant week????The couple next to us had been waiting since 8 for their table and were finally seated at 850!We left and headed to Roaring Fork and a GREAT meal and friendly service!!!!
1	My husband and I had dinner at the Avalon last night, it was horrible.  The bartender was very unprofessionally dressed (wearing spandex when she should not). The waiter was on his first shift was friendly but the food was horrible.  Their selection of wine was the worst I've ever seen.  The decor was cool but they have a very long way to go.  It was so bad we told the couple behind us to have a snack and go somewhere else.If I could pick no stars that is what I would have chosen.
1	Went to have breakfast and no one showed up to open at 7am. No one showed up until well after 8am.
4	I can only write a review based on what my previous exp has been with this establishment.First YES the place is temporarily closed under new managment as indicated by the signage ion door.second. I havenet been in almost 7 months but my last time was equally consistant in the quality of food as the service.  My glass of tea was never emplty and I never felt rushed to eat nor did I wait any  length of time I felt was too long.  third. I actually had a Server who was aserver.  not a bartender and a host.So Im not sure of the negative low stars...What ever happens it is sad because it had potential to be a great fine dining stablishment.   Soon SEVEN bistro will open in its place.  It is gOing to consist of seven main seven salads seven deserts etc.  I'm thinking it will be awesome.
