5	This place is a hidden gem in regards to Phoenix area sushi!  The regular menu is great, with plenty of awesome katsu choices, and the sushi is excellent.  The rolls were rich in variety, number, and taste.  Of special note would be the "Second Climax Roll", which was killer.
5	Sushi Eye is the BEST sushi establishment in Arizona... maybe even the country.  The staff is super friendly and the food is DELICIOUS. I live in the bay area now and I still haven't found a sushi restaurant that even comes close! Love to Sushi Eye!
5	This place is pretty awesome. I've been here twice and it is definitely the best sushi I have had since my time in Phoenix. Only problem is that there aren't any windows inside of the place except for the front, and I like windows to look out of when I'm eating, but the ambiance other than that is great.
5	Richard, the owner, makes the best sushi!!   What I love about Sushi Eye is that they appear to be a chain (in a good way): they have logo'd items throughout, yet they are just a Mom and Pops independent.   This shows their love of the details.  The menu looks great, and the food is even better than it looks!!!!  Specials every day, lunch menu worth every cent (very affordable).    Google office folks love it there.Check it out!
5	I went to Sushi Eye for lunch on a Friday. The place was packed, the waitresses looked a little stressed and some of the clientele was a little crabby because they had to wait a little longer for their food. Honestly, I've waited longer at sushi restaurants for sushi that wasn't worth it. I found the pieces at Sushi Eye to be pleasantly large, the rolls were delicious and well made and the service was very friendly. We tried the Booty Booty Roll, the Salmon Skin Roll and a few pieces of Sake (salmon) and Unagi. My only complaint was that we didn't have individual plates, so eating the end pieces of the Booty Booty roll was a little challenging because there was no way either one of us, even with mouths as large as we have, could fit the entire piece with the shrimp tails sticking out, in one shot...so we ended up with a lot of rice in our soysauce dishes. But, it was a fun adventure anyway. Oh, and the Nigiri...the pieces of salmon were twice as long as most other places. Compared with the other sushi places I've been to in AZ (all two of them), the prices at Sushi Eye were the most reasonable. The regular rolls average around $6 or $7 while the special rolls (like the Booty Booty) average around $9 to $14. The Nigiri pieces were around $4 or $5.One thing that did confuse me a little at first, and I'm not trying to be picky here, I just want to help out people who have never been there before: the rolls are all listed in the front section of the menu while the pieces are listed in the back section, so you kind of have to look for them. This is important because somebody actually comes and takes your order rather than you filling out a slip of paper writing in how many of each item you want. If you go to their website, sushieye.com, you can see a full color menu there. It's worth checking out before you go.Oh, and they have a new location opening in Chandler in November.
5	I admit, I am not a sushi expert...I will eat some things but not all...and my husband orders for me! However, my husband and kids LOVE it. I mean - they could eat it every night kind of love it! Sushi eye is just a few minutes from where we live and we go there often. They all know my family and are so nice when we come in. Richard, the main sushi chef even makes a special Connor Roll for my son. I have also had the teriyaki chicken there, which was good, too. Great service, great food, make sure you add this to your list of places to try!
5	ok, I yam eating here cuz the Yelp machine told me dat dis here res-taur-ant is good eatin'
4	I'm staying at a hotel in Tempe so I decided to let Yelp direct me to a sushi joint for dinner.  After reading several reviews, decided to try Sushi Eye since it was less than 5 miles from my hotel.I orered the following:  Sashimi Plate (tuna, salmon, yellowtail), Hamachi Kama (grilled yellowtail collar), and Uni (sea urchin).POSITIVES:--  Price was very reasonable.  Total cost was $40 including tip.--  The food was fresh and the portion sizes were great.  Even the Uni was extremely fresh and the amount was more than reasonable.--  The Sashimi Plate came with soup and salad.  The dressing on the salad was excellent.NEGATIVES:--  The green tea was lukewarm and the waiter/waitress did not do a good job of ensuring my tea cup was always full.--  It takes a very long time for the food to come out.  There were only 3 or 4 tables besides me so it wasn't a busy night.  --  This is an odd one but I actually wished the Hamachi Kama didn't have so much meat on it.  Due to the large/thick amount of flesh, it didn't not have the crisp chargrilled taste to it.  Probably another reason why it took so long for it to be prepared.Overall, I give it 4 stars.  I would definately go back and may tomrrow night.
3	For a sushi restaurant in Tempe, I'd give this place 4 stars.  However, compared to sushi places in other cities, I have to give it 3 stars.  I came to Sushi Eye for an after-work dinner.  Location-wise, it's in a strip mall.  Service was OK.  For some reason, our waiter was switched mid-service leaving us a bit confused.  Rolls were pretty good - they had a large selection, and for some reason, many of them had macadamia nuts in them.  Fish was pretty fresh.  The desserts were massive. I was pleasantly surprised with finding Sushi Eye, so I'd definitely recommend another visit if you're ever visiting Tempe.
3	I would have to agree with most - its pretty damn good. I do not want to repeat all the same things about it over and over, as they all true.I do want to toss something in though. There IS such thing as too much service. We were bothered by no less then FOUR different servers about every 2 minutes even though we were OK and did not look in distress. I mean - c'mon service is great but let me finish my roll without making me confirm that all if good. Also, their prices are a bit high and it does not look like they have any kind of "Happy Hour" with discounts for things. However, to be honest, food quality was real good! No complaints about that at all."I like"Eugene
5	I've started going here for lunch with a coworker, and we're both hooked enough to go here at least once or twice a week. Everything tastes fresh, the service is great, the staff is friendly, the bathrooms are clean, it's fairly affordable, and I just can't think of any reason to really knock this place.Edit: After checking out a lot of other sushi establishments, this is still the best one in terms of food quality, service, and value. It's the big kahuna.
2	Sushi eye for the queer guy? (I will proceed using the non-homosexual usage of this word, so don't censor me Yelp)Queer: differing in some odd way from what is usual or normal Now, the only thing that comes from Sushi Eye are beer and queer, and I don't see any beer on the table....The reason I say this, is because it took about 10 minutes for my lovely date and I to get a drink! ....Very queer you say? So we sat down in the cafeteria like setting, and wondered if we made the wrong choice. As we patiently waited, we contemplated bailing on this joint, and trying another place, however we sat, fuming a bit at the slow service. Finally our server stopped over and she was super nice, and explained she was the daughter of the owners and never waitressed before. My brain says "Oh boy." I asked her several sushi questions, stumping her each time, she is new remember? So finally we placed our order and got our beers and started talking about important things like "would you eat fugu (Japaneses blowfish)?"  At this point I would eat it, hoping to be poisoned, so I could get out of this place. Relax you say. So the sushi was Ok, the pieces were very small, but somewhat tasty. I immediately thought of Will Rogers: "I never met a piece of Sushi I didn't like." (Now did he mean he liked them or he didn't like them?) Unfortunately the bad service, terrible decor, and cafeteria like setting made me dislike this place. How queer you say, A sushi place that you don't like? Yes, it can happen, as I hate Ra.....Don't do it..
3	Harry Potter isn't the only one with an invisible cloak. I must've worn mine by accident Friday night when my date and I ventured into Sushi Eye. It was shortly before 7 p.m., the crucial cut-off of happy hour. In about a couple minutes, we were shown to the table in the back - great vantage point, if you ask me. I was digging the tunes - the beats of house and breaks. However, if that's not your bag, be prepared to swallow more than just the fish, for the music does tend to be on the loud side. In any case, we were seated quickly (good) and then left to fend for ourselves (bad). We read the happy hour menu (the only menu on the table at this point) probably 17 times before we were asked, "Have you been helped?" I wanted to snap back, "Does it look like we have?" Never get between me and sushi, dammit. Yet, I can respect a lesson in patience. We finally got water and menus. My date was a bit offended by the pictures. I was a bit confused on the organization of the sushi and the fact that we didn't have a sushi menu to write on. Well, okay... We selected three rolls, including the Elliot Roll that came sprinkled with macadamia nuts. Our beers arrived shortly before we placed our order (bad). My date said, "I wouldn't mind waiting if I had a beer." I second that. In fact, we almost bailed on this place. We just set our 3-minute timer to start when a young girl finally came over to assist us. It's true, she wasn't really working there. She had been recruited by her parents, the owners, and made sure to point out she wasn't familiar with the menu or the fundamentals of waiting tables. Case in point: She broke a couple glasses later on the night. Yet, it was cool that because we were ignored and neglected, she extended happy hour and gave us the discounted prices on our aps and beers. (It was the least she could do!)Also, she was most willing to seek out the answers to our questions (good) and was friendly and tolerable. I can cut her some slack since she doesn't normally wait tables. I doubt I could have done any better, to be honest. We ordered two aps - the oysters and edamame. The latter was semi-cold and the portion was small. The oysters were large, yet, I was told, not chilled enough. My date would know; he's from Boston. In any case, I thought they were good!Our sushi arrived pretty quickly. It was good. Not great and not awful. It was good, that's all I can say. I gobbled it up, yes, for I love sushi of all kinds. I just wasn't blown away or overly impressed. I definitely would not say this is the best sushi I've had - here in Phoenix or anywhere, for that matter. It's probably on the bottom tier, actually. However, what I was impressed with was the quail egg shooter. That little guy deserves 5 stars of his own. DELICIOUS! I could have slurped quail eggs all night. So, overall verdict? Well... I give Sushi Eye 3.5 stars, rounded down to an even 3 because of the extremely bad service that was my first (and lasting) impression.
4	One of the better local sushi places. Service is spot on at this place. It's a little small, but there's always a lot of attention paid to every customer in the room. They have a nice small sushi bar you can sit at and watch the chefs prepare your food.They have a lot of interesting rolls and the sashimi is top quality as well. The prices are pretty low considering the quality of the food here. The dining area is pleasant and well designed. It isn't too loud in here even when the room is relatively full. It's also a nice spot to sit at the bar and have a Kirin and watch whatever game is on behind the bar. Overall, I can't think of another sushi place that's more reliable in town.
4	I started going to Sushi Eye since it opened. I quickly befriended Paul and Richard Cho who are the owners of the establishment. A more genuine and convivial Father-Son team of restaurateurs have never opened an establishment in Arizona.Koreans (by ethnic group)  are by far the largest sushi bar operators in the USA and very successful at creating American pleasing establishments. The Cho clan left Northern California to come to the Valley for sun, golf and open sushi bars. They succeeded at all three. Loud House music, Sports Center on ESPN and lots of Shochu,  can accompany your fresh escolar sashimi and ASU roll. If your sushi'd out try the Nippon-Hawaiian fave, Chicken Katsu. A warm, "Irasshaimase" awaits all who enter this charming dollhouse sushi bar. By the way, I drank so much Shochu at Sushi Eye that I took a little nap on the gravel out in front of the establishment until Richard Cho came and rescued me from passing out in the gravel. A sushi chef and a finer wingman never existed in Chandler
4	Somehow on my short trip to Phoenix, we ended up in Tempe with a sushi craving. This place hit the spot. Even on a Monday night, the sushi was fresh. The rolls seem to be where it's at. The menu has illustrative pictures that make the catchily named rolls look so good. And they are good. This is the only sushi place I've been to where almost every roll is adorned with crushed macadamia nuts. Interesting. The pumping techno hits of the past made for an amusing dinner soundtrack, too. ("No... that's definitely the Chemical Brothers. Oh hey, that's Benny Benassi!")
4	Appetizer and happy hour deals are extremely good.  The Sushi combos are unimaginative.......but the rolls are good.The ambiance is typical Phoenix....kinda boring.But, overall, this place is worth going to.
5	WOW~ I just had the best sushi for Lunch that I've ever eaten in AZ.I ordered the ASU roll, although a bit expensive it was really good, the Tempura Shrimp roll was one of the best I've had, the shrimp was still warm it was so fresh and not only that but you get two pieces of shrimp inside  instead of just one, The Tuna nigiri was also super tasty fresh, the rice was perfect ,not too sticky, (see pics)After eating all that I asked for a special order (not on the menu) of Tuna , avocado and cucumber rolled in sesame seeds. Sushi chef whipped this up for me no problem and stuffed it generously (see pics) I don't remember the last time I saw rolls as full or as fresh as the ones I've eaten here today.My only complaints are that the host/cashier station is in the center of the restaurant so there they are staring at your every bite(literally), the chopsticks are a bit bigger than normal and square shaped so I found them a bit awkward to use, and although I sat at the sushi bar I had very little interaction with the sushi chef other than him handing me my plates, the waiter took my order to him, there was no piece of paper to mark my choices and hand in like I'm used to.Another thing is most of their rolls are topped with macadamia nuts so I ordered them without, no biggie I guess.Deliciously Fresh and very well stuffed rolls, I could have easily spent $100 on my lunch by I stopped near $40.
4	This place has perhaps the best Sushi in AZ.  The Maki Rolls are a little outlandish at times, but good.  The Nigiri and Sashimi is where the place shines.  Fish is very Fresh and very high quality, and well served.  It comes at the right temperature, not  too cold as at many places.  And the Deep fried ice cream is too die for, comes with deep fried Bananas & Strawberries!.  Staff is Friendly, makes good suggestions and allows you to order as you go, unlike a lot of Sushi places.  The Sushi Chefs here are nice and attentive, but definitely are kept busy.
4	If you're looking for a sushi place that affordable, not overcrowded, or blaring loud thumping music, this may be your place. We went on a Tuesday evening and it was pretty dead. We ordered the Las Vegas Roll, California Roll, and the Orange Blossom. All of them were delish and fresh. The seaweed wasn't old and tough like someplaces' around the Valley. I was impressed by the variety of choices in sushi rolls they had on the menu. The only thing is they don't have much in the way of nigiri sushi...you know, normal sushi like spicy tuna and unagi. But, for two people, it was extremely affordable and good.
4	Great sushi and service coming in for dinner.  And fast!  We ordered four rolls and expected a little bit of a wait, but we weren't even done with our edamame before these tasty rolls showed up.One of the better sushi places I've found in the Valley.
4	This place is pretty good, I have been for lunch and dinner. I would suggest it to anyone who likes sushi and Asian food. Do be aware that they often have loud techno/ house music playing which ruins the mood :P (but maybe am just lame) Try a combo dish, its great value for the money! The music isn't enough to keep me a away from this gem!
5	I would very much recommend this place. I had read many good reviews about it and so I decided to phone-in a takeout order. The woman I spoke with on the phone was friendly and helpful, and I decided on the Las Vegas roll and Lunch Combo A - mixed tempura veggies & prawn. All lunch combos come with  with rice, miso soup, a few california rolls, and a small salad. When I came into pick up my lunch, I was greeted straightaway, and my food was just about ready. Within just a minute or two it was all packaged up in a bag and ready to go. I found the portion of the lunch combo to be very generous - I think about 8 pieces of tempura in all, and all the pieces were quite large, not to mention the rice, soup, mini california rolls, and salad that came with.  I was not able to even finish all of my  meal - I probably could have done without the extra rolls I ordered. The miso soup is some of the best I have had - not too salty, or too bland: just right. The Las Vegas roll was DELICIOUS! It had a lovely zing to it from the wasabi and sauces drizzled on top, and you could really taste the sweet eel. The only thing I would say about this place is that it is kind of small, so if you are staying to dine-in you might feel a bit cramped...but other than that, everything looked great! The decor is very cute and the menu is wonderful. Judging from the way I was treated with my takeout order, their service was prompt and they were very helpful, so I would expect to be treated the same way if I dined-in.
5	I come to Tempe for work on occasion. I was craving sushi for dinner and found this place. I eat alot of sushi, and this sushi is very good and affordable! I would definitely eat here again. I came by myself and the service was great. Everyone was very friendly and social.
3	So I found myself with a group of friends, in Southern Tempe, with a craving for sushi. Looking to try somewhere new, we headed to Yelp... and then out to Sushi Eye because of it's Yelp rating (despite that we all agreed was a questionable name). During our meal, we decided that we needed to open a number of Sushi Eye franchises in Tokyo under the name "Sushi Americano" with the following criteria.- Loud techno music- Maki rolls that are deep fried- Maki rolls that contain cream cheese or mayonnaise - Nigiri rolls that use regular rice instead of sushi riceI think we could make millions!Okay, in all seriousness, I enjoyed the Golden California roll and Philly roll... I got to see what American Sushi would look like (a friend got the one chicken roll on the menu cause it's cooked) and although they didn't use sushi rice, I have it on good authority that the Nigiri was quite tasty.If I could give Sushi Eye a 3.5 I would... but it's just not a 4 star sushi experience in my book.
5	Absolute best sushi ever. I forgive sometimes-long service because it seems to me that they're a family operation that really cares. I consider myself a sushi lover, and trust me, Sushi Eye is about as good as it gets.Wait on second thought, don't go here, otherwise I won't be able to get a seat!
5	Hands down - the best sushi on the planet.This is one of my neighborhood favorites.  Whenever we have family in town, we are sure to bring them here.  I had to give my cousin (a sushi virgin) a stern warning though - "you will not be able to find sushi like this elsewhere and may find yourself making frequent trips out to AZ just for the sushi" (she lives in PA).  I love the ASU roll, the Vegas roll, the salmon nigiri, the escolar nigiri, the toro nigiri, the dragon roll, the booty booty roll.  Aside from the incredible symphony of flavors that they are able to create in their rolls, this family owned and operated business has one of the best deserts out there.  Their tempura ice cream with strawberries, bananas, whipped cream and chocolate sauce is a sweet end to an incredible meal.
4	Sushi Eye is my #1 choice for maki sushi in PHX.  The Rolls are large and reasonably priced under $15 with most in the $10 range.  I get mostly take out to the tune of 5 times a month. On to the Sushi, a normal order is Booty Tem which is a tempura fried Booty Booty Roll.  The ASU which is a shrimp tempura roll topped with Spicy Tuna and Jalepenos.  The spicy tuna is the best I have ever had.  The Las Vegas Roll is good as well.  These are 3 of my favorites but i have tried all of the rolls and they are fantastic.  I stick strictly to the rolls.  The fish is always a 4 out of 5 scale.  You will not go wrong with Sushi Eye to fill your Maki Sushi craving.
5	Yep! You read right! 5 stars! I don't take rating a place with 5 stars lightly. Sushi Eye is the best Sushi that I have had in Arizona. All the fish is fresh and I have NEVER been displeased with anything they have served me. Having spent two years in Hawaii where fish is pulled out of the ocean and sliced into sashimi, I know what fresh fish tastes like. Believe me, short of being pulled from the ocean and immediately served, this is about as fresh as you're going to get in Arizona. I have been to Sushi Eye about 6 times, with this visit being my 7th. Yum! I had the Climax 2 roll (a Hamachi roll that lives up to it's namesake), the Crazy Horse (tuna, salmon, yellowtail), and the Scallop roll (fresh bay scallops). Umm...yeah... I was hungry. Every single bite was fresh and delicious. Try the Hamachi. It is beautiful and tasty.  I washed it all down with hot green tea! Our server was very friendly and chatted briefly with us even though the place was busy at lunch time. I will say that my lunch partners had to wait a little longer than usual for their non-sushi lunch but I think the kitchen was a little backed up with large party orders. I'll cut them some slack this time, but if service lags, I'll have to cut a star...don't make me do it!!! Go to Sushi Eye if you truly enjoy Fresh, raw fish. The service is friendly, the food is good, and the restaurant is unpretentious. I will continue to make this a regular stop for lunch.
4	Great rolls. Cute place. Great happy hours specials (1/2 off select appetizers). Creative and somewhat extensive selection. All the rolls are drizzled with eel sauce and sprinkled with fish eggsI know it's not the most authentic Japanese place, but the rolls are pretty yummy.
4	I went with friends who didn't believe me when I said that I don't eat sushi.  Everyone else wanted sushi and I couldn't argue. I ordered a combo which included a California Roll. Now, all my life I've considered myself a pretty smart person. I don't think of myself as an airhead, but I swear that at this place I told one of the workers "Excuse me, you forgot my bread", meaning my California Roll. I guess she thought I was playing but my friends had a good laugh. After I took my foot out of my mouth, the food was pretty good. Even the non-bread roll.
2	I'd give an extra 1/2 star for the personalized chopsticks for use by regulars; otherwise, two stars.  Brought Mom along after reading such glowing reviews.  Missed happy hour so we ordered from the combo menu.  Too expensive for small portions.  Some rolls were lackluster, bland.  Fresher and tastier, not to mention LARGER portions to be had at Tempe's Sakana and Scottsdale's Kyoto.  Cramped seating.  Best to sit at the counter- I estimate seats to number around 8 or so.  Claustrophobes beware.  We won't return.
2	So, after reading all of the lovely reviews, Jamie and I tried Sushi Eye last night...and I must ask of you who loved this place: have you EVER had GREAT sushi? I mean--phenomenal sushi? because the rave reviews highly overrated this place.We went during Happy Hour, and it was pretty empty. The wait staff was friendly and attentive...the MUSIC, however, was awful--SO not conducive to eating, ruined the ambience, and basically ticked me off--it was loud, loud techno-pop, singing about 'getting undressed' and whatnot. sorry, there's only one time of week I want to hear that, and that's on Friday nights, when I'm out dancing, thanks.anyway, on to the food: I ordered the edamame(not as salty as it ought to have been, but passable), and the cucumber salad(actually very different--tangy and refreshing, though I wish it would have had more crab meat in it)...the MUSSELS, however, were absolutely to-die-for...probably the most delicious and satisfying thing we ordered last night--swamped in a sweet, creamy sauce, they complimented the Plum Wine well...as for our entrees--I ordered the Spicy Scallop roll--slightly spicy, pretty good. Jamie had the RSM roll--deep fried, smothered in sauce, but still NO FLAVOR, somehow...the tuna they used in the roll was delicious with the sauce, but the actual batter was bland, as were the 'Spicy Calimari' bits...the only thing with any nuance of flavor was the sauce they came with.now, the reason I'm being so hard on S.E is because I've tried Tokyo Lobby, over in Glendale, and let me tell you: if you want AMAZING sushi, where everything has a punch of flavor, and you can taste every ingredient, make that trek over to the West Val...it is, by far, the #1 sushi eatery in the valley, hands down.sorry, Sushi Eye...it was edible, but that's about it.
5	Large and fresh, salmon nigiri!Happy hour is awesome. Cheap seaweed salads and hot sake.I love it.Now I just have to get my own personal chopsticks they have.PS. Great music there by the way.
5	Gets better every time I go.Love the waiters, they are awesome!I got my own chop sticks also!!! WooooooooT!!! :)
3	I had been craving sushi steadily for about two weeks, so I decided to try somewhere new. This place happens to be just across the street from my work and the reviews on here were a vote of confidence. I had the cherry blossom roll and rainbow roll, shared edamame, and hot green tea. The cherry blossom roll was good, not amazing, but good. The fish was fresh enough, and I did like the eel sauce drizzled on it. The rainbow roll was much less rainbow than I'm used to. The rainbow roll did have a bit of a fishy taste, and the whitefish on it was a pale yellowish brown color, and not as moist as it could have been. The crumbled macadamia nuts were and interesting and kind of fun garnish. The edamame was tasty, not over cooked, but could have used a little more salt. The green tea was boiling hot, with the kind of walnutty aftertaste you get from good green tea, I was disappointed it came in a single glass, not in a tea pot diffuser with a teacup like at most restaurants.My girlfriend had pork katsu, the sauce drizzled on it was sweet and vinegary, but not too overwhelming. Gauging from the fact that she ate all of it I would assume it was pretty good. The salad that came with it was a bit strange, iceberg lettuce and a cream sesame dressing. The miso soup on the side was better than the little packets I get at the store, but didn't taste home made. It was not too salty, but the tofu must have been dehydrated, it was in tiny little shriveled squares on the bottom of the bowl. The waitstaff was very attentive and friendly. It wasn't too busy when we went, about 5pm. The music was typical pop music, but thankfully unlike some places (RA for instance) its not blaring. I would say its definately not the best sushi I've ever had, not even the best I've had in arizona, but it was ok. The rainbow rolls at kobe are better.
3	This is my first sushi experience in Arizona and it was good, but nothing spectacular. The food is good, the service is decent and they would've gotten four stars, except the music that plays is SO annoying that it ruins the atmosphere of the place. Ambience is pleasing to the eye, but horrible on the ears.
3	The food deserves four stars, but the place smelled like cleaning products and there was loud 90's techno music blasting. We ordered three wonderful rolls - The Elliot Roll (a new favorite), Orange Blossom Roll and the Second Climax Roll.  This place, so far, has the best creative rolls I have seen like the SF Bay Area - not everything is doused with spicy mayo or filled with cream cheese or resembles a Cali-roll in disguise. They all said they had macadamia nuts in them, but only one came with them. Because of the fancy loud beats in the background, we finished our food fast and left.If you eat really yummy sushi and walk out of the place to find perhaps nice scenery or a garden or a cool street with art galleries and cute shops, you think, "Wow! That was great sushi!." But when you walk out of a sushi place and end up in a back parking lot in a fluorescent lit strip mall between a  cell phone company and another franchised sandwich operation, the only thing that enters your mind is, "WTF?"The sushi definitely qualifies for tasty takeout, but dining in is not suggested unless you like chewing to 180 beats per minute.
4	If I could have I would have given 4-1/2 stars.  I thought it was really good.  Love the decor and atmosphere.  We went for lunch and had the spicy scallop roll, the philly roll, and the shrimp tempura roll.  All really good.  The salad wasn't the conventional sushi house salad but it was okay.  The edamame was good.  I LOVED the mochi - we had a mango and a red bean mochi.  I'd easily go back.
3	Great small place to grab a quick sushi bite. Good wine pairings and sake selections. Rolls are almost all identical to each other. The cherry and orange blossom are great but my favorate is the "atkins roll" wrapped in cucumber not seaweed and rice...Plain but good miso soup. The happy hour menu looks amazing and inexpensive - would definitely venture here for that...
1	Overpriced, overrated, and disgusting.  If you really want a good look at Sushi Eye, spend a while on the SOUTH side - they have a back door that faces Elliot.  First, this door is confusing, as you enter the Quzinos there, and a great time can be had watching all the visitors open the back door to face the kitchen.  However, they will simply be ushered through the kitchen, instead of being asked to walk around.  To avoid slander, I won't mention what else I've seen, but I have called the Health Department.  Personally I would rather eat of of the bait bin at a fishing supply store than to eat this sushi.
5	Wow! I was introduced to sushi in the bay area (San Fransico) some 20 years back so my standards are pretty high. After having checked out a dozen or so highly recommended sushi spots I had pretty much givin up on the idea of good sushi in the dessert. Sushi Eye on the other hand! I feel their California rolls are the best rolls here and in ALL of Phoenix 4 that matter. I live in the west valley so Sushi Eye is really out of the way but whenever I'm out east I will stop at Sushi Eye! Sushi Eye RULES!
3	The goods:1. Better tasting than other places, such as RA or Sushi101.2. Nice decor--comfy and no thumping bass so you can hear each other.The not-so-goods:1. They only had one roll on special, and it wasn't even a happy hour price; it is their "recession priced roll.' A $5 Vegas roll is awesome, but I was hoping to see at least the basic Cali or Salmon rolls on the happy hour menu.2. Drink specials are limited; a few cocktails (like 3) and a few beer and sake choices (like 2).I'm thinking the restaurant size (being a small mom and pop type place) makes it difficult to have the wickedly cheap prices and  large variety I'm used to seeing. I'll go again.
4	Memorable, Quick, and Inexpensive.  Perfect for lunch goers or that quick dinner pick up on the way home.  I try as many Sushi Bars as I can come across and this one over many others just stands out by FLAVOR alone.  Mix that in with the low prices  and you have a winner!
4	Excellent and inventive menu.  The owner is very friendly and hands on.  I love the Lobster hand roll and they have a great dynamite roll but I can't remember the name,It has a small dining room and sushi bar and can get a little crowded on Friday nights but the quality and price make it worth any short wait.The only reason I didn't give it a five star is that sometimes the service can be a little slow and make sure you tell them you like the sake hot.  Sometimes it is just warm.
5	It's been awhile since my last review and I'm still giving 5 stars! I like to come her for lunch and sit at the sushi bar because I'm usually solo plus It's fun to watch all the sushi being made.I like that Richard (owner/sushi chef) remembered me even though I hadn't been here in awhile. My favorite things to order are still the Tempura Shrimp Roll, Tuna, Avocado and Cucumber Roll with Sesame Seeds, Spicy Scallop Roll and on my last visit I ordered a California Roll with Asparagus and it was divine. By far the freshest, tastiest and most generously sized sushi I have ever had. I highly recommend checking it our for lunch because they also have some pretty affordable lunch combos.
3	Small place tucked away in a strip mall off Elliot. I made my way to the bar so I could see the chefs at work. After looking at the fish selection and the menu I ordered the Hamachi, Spicy Scallop and the Chicken (only because it sounded unusual) rolls. I also got Ikura (salmon roe) and Saba (mackerel) nigiri as sort of a standard. I found the rolls to be average and with no excitement. The chicken was kind of interesting and was good as a "filler" roll. The Ikura and the Saba was also average. The Saba did not have the texture or the seasoning to my taste. Good Saba is hard to make. They have a bunch of rolls in the $6-$9 range so the prices are reasonable.
4	I am beginning to be hooked on sushi.  Two years ago, I would have told you that sushi was just wrong....but now I am wrong :)I went to Sushi Eye on Friday with my wonderful and lovely friend. (You know who you are) I was excited to go there, especially with the rave reviews.  At first I was a little put off since I thought that our server was a little bit of a moron with a splash of attitude.  I ordered an iced tea and before it took her over ten minutes to come back so I could get some pink packets to sweeten it up.  (And that tea was dark!)After that little slip, everything was perfect...(though my miso soup didn't have any seaweed in it...which is odd in my book)  I had the Spicy Scallop and the Philly Roll...both were awesome!  And my friend's California Roll with Asparagus was the best.  I will have to order that next time for sure.The sushi chef was very nice and the other server there was more attentive.  I loved the menu and it had a lot to offer.  (And since I am don't know a lot of my sushi yet, I liked it that they had descriptions)  The place was clean and I really liked the layout.  I will have to go there again and have some sake as well. :)
1	Sushi Eye started out friendly where one could get to know the management and get a sense of family, however it has taken a severe downturn for the worst. I would not recommend this business for my friends, family, or even people I was not fond of. There are numerous other Sushi establishments where you can take your business and get the treatment you deserve with your hard earned money.I have to say that I never thought I would give a restaurant one star unless I was so unimpressed or insulted by the eatery that I have to just alert others.
3	Average at best.  They make some OK rolls but they're a little on the expensive side.  They will make substitutions on their lunch menu which is nice, but nothing is too exciting or great.  Nothing is bad, but nothing is great.  That's it.
5	I have been here many many times and it never gets old. The hardest part about being there is trying to choose what rolls you want.  Its a pretty small place, which I love.... its very ambient and relatively romantic.Never had a problem with service or waiting either.
4	The best sushi I have ever eaten. Staff is ok, not the best service. They seem to have a staffing issue. I never see the same staff in there other than the sushi chef.
5	Sushi Eye is quite the dazzler. Its small and amazing. Most sushi restaurants that your hear about are usually big and corporate looking. This is sushi bar is Tempe's jewel for sushi. Also, sushi eye has created its own type and style of sushi. Most local restaurants in Scottsdale have begun to copy it, so please when you get a chance. Try the real stuff at Sushi Eye
4	I went here because I got a restaurants.com gc for this place!Had never been before.I was very pleasantly suprised!The salmon nigiri was so tender, velvety soft, and fresh tasting.Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!I enjoyed the spicy scallop roll.  Oh how I love popping those meaty, cold scallops between my teeth.  YUM!I have a nut allergy, and they were very accomodating and did not put macadamia nuts anywhere near my foods  :)I shall return!
1	My fiance and I are a HUGE fan of sushi... I'd say addicted.  After reading so many of the good reviews, we decided to give it a try... well, YUCK is all we have to say! The sushi was overpriced, the cold rolls came out warm, while the one "cooked, warm" roll that came out tasted like it was covered in barely-warmed mayonnaise. GROSS. I actually cried having to pay the expensive bill for the disgusting food we received here. Would never eat here again if it was the last sushi place on earth!
3	Although the selection was limited (no uni in January, the height of uni season?), the fish that they had was very good.  The tako salad was actually borderline awesome.  A decent Az sushi joint!  I'll definitely be back.
5	Absolutely my favorite Sushi place in AZ.  Everything I have ever had there has been exceptionally fresh, and the staff is always friendly.   They are not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.
3	We have been looking for a sushi joint a little closer to my place in Tempe that is a little more convenient then our favorite place (Shimogamo in Chandler).As we walked in we heard the men behind the sushi bar yell something out (they did this to everyone) and were quickly seated by some other staff.  We chose to sit at the bar which is a good way to feel out a new sushi spot.  It took us quite a while to get our drink order in even though a guy was directly in front of us the whole time.  He seemed to a hired gun that only dealt with fish, not customers.  Eventually we got our orders in and were promptly served.  Much of it was quite good but I was disappointed with the Spider Roll.  They did not use an entire soft shell crab and it didn't seem freshly made.  It looked only like a leg (which was way too long) and just didn't match the texture I am used to for that type of crab or that roll.  They liked using a lot of heavy sauces which I am not used to either.  I prefer to let the fish be the centerpiece and on some rolls it seemed to be drowned out.  The plain sushi was decent.  Not the best, not the worst.  Will I go back again?  Probably, but I am still going to try some other places out before settling on a regular spot.  One cool thing about the place is that they have a large collection of chopsticks kept for regulars to use when they come in.  I have not seen that before and on the surface, it makes the place look reliable due to the # of regulars.  I felt the rolls were a bit pricey.  Most were in the $14 range.  They did seem to have some very original looking rolls at that price, but I didn't notice the traditional rolls being significantly cheaper.  They like to sprinkle macadamia nuts on top which is something I am not familiar with.  It seems to add to the clutter moreso than add to the flavor.  I want the fat of the fish to provide the flavor, not the fat of a nut.  I'll give it another shot, but after hitting up my favorite place again last night, it confirmed that they are in an entirely different class.  Nothing stands out about Sushi Eye, but nothing stood out to keep me from going back.
5	One of the best sushi places I have gone to out in AZ. for what you get its the best bang for the buck. They take care of the customers and have a ton regulars that have their chopsticks behind the sushi bar.  I would recommend this place to all of my friends and when ever my family comes from out of town I take them there as well!
2	Average sushi. They do have a vast roll selection.
5	My husband and I had the pleasure of eating dinner here recently.  I have to say the fish was very fresh and delicious.   My husband and I both knew it was going to be a pricey night but we also both said "You get what you pay for".  We spoke with the owner and he was very attentive as was the wait staff.  We both enjoyed our sushi and I have to say the combo my husband had was delicious as well.  I had to try it.  My favorite was the Crazyhorse Roll.  All I can say is YUMMY!  And the Philly Roll was really good too.  If you want some really good sushi you have to check this place out.  The cost is so worth it!
5	The best sushi I've ever had (and I've had a lot of sushi.) Their teriyaki dishes are also amazing, and their green tea brings back memories of Japanese hot springs. The nutty dressing on their salads is unique and delicious.If you find better-quality sashimi anywhere within driving distance, I'll buy you lunch there!
4	I love this place. What can I say? Richard Cho not only has some of the best customer service skills I have ever seen (that guy has an amazing memory for names) but some of the most creative approaches to making Sushi in the valley. I love coming to Sushi Eye, I have never had a bad experience in all the years I have been going to the 2x New times Best of Phoenix award winner.The use of Macadamia nuts is brilliant and an amazing addition to many of the creative rolls that are available. The Spicy scallop roll is a go to for sure. They have (and I know this sounds stupid) the BEST California rolls in Arizona. As pedestrian as that roll is, The California roll is transformed in to a very dessert style treat when ordered at Sushi Eye. Seriously, do it.Go check it out, introduce yourself to Richard and be amazed when he remembers your name. You will be amazed by the food as well.
4	The dinner combo , is a tasty filling meal for a good price. The tofu is super tasty. The Cali rolls are also good.
2	I didn't really LOVE my experience here, but for those who enjoy creative and fusioned sushi or a good sushi happy hour, this is a great place to go.  The menu is pretty impressive with all sorts of sushi concoctions that I have never seen, but I like my sushi pretty standard and not too crazy, so I ordered (ironically) the Crazy Horse roll, which is tuna, yellowtail, and salmon rolled with avocado and topped with tobiko.  I don't have TOO much to complain about regarding the size of the rolls (they were decent) or the taste (it was ok considering this is tempe, arizona), but I think I was most turned off by the service and prices of the restaurant.When my friends and I walked in, happy hour was happening, so it's understandable that the wait staff were busy, but come on.  Seat us already.  Or at least acknowledge us.  When we were finally seated, our waitress kept huffing and puffing while taking our order.  I understand she may have been having a bad day or have been stressed, but whatever.  Stay profesh.  Then, one of my friends orders the tempura mix, and when it came out, it was missing the prawns, so what happens?  The waitress brings out a single fried prawn on a plate...15 minutes later.  Um...no.  The age-dofu was also kind of meh.  On top of that, I was confused about who was actually serving our table because the girl wait staff kept tag-teaming our table with the guy wait staff, and even then, the service was not awesome.  The whole experience altogether just kind of totaled a bit too much for a sort of blah experience, so I'm pretty sure I'll be going elsewhere for sushi around these parts.
4	Very fresh.  Liked the ambiance of the place.  Service was pretty good too.  They have a lot of unique rolls which I like.  The Sundevil roll was tasty.
4	My wife and I ate there last week. We got the Las Vegas Rolls. They were really good. There was some sort of sauce on it that was incredible. The service can be a little slow at times. The people next to us ordered the same amount of Sushi 20 min before us. We got our sushi first and the people next to us were upset.
3	I'm sad to say that while I started out really enjoying Sushi Eye, lately I haven't been such a big fan. I still adore the atmosphere and I love the vibe there. It's never packed and I always feel at ease and relaxed, the feeling I should feel when enjoying sushi. However, I'm not that impressed by the rolls... not sure what it's been the past two times, but they seem not up to par with what I remember and not quite as worth the cost as I thought. It could be that most of them are too fancy and lack the mix of sophistication and simplicity that I look for when I am out for sushi. It could also be that once again, I was missing the resting place for my chopsticks. I should try it again, to see if my luck improves any but two out of the past three times, I have left only feeling mediocre.
4	Great atmosphere! Just love the decor. Of course the sushi is good too! lol I love that they have pictures of all their specialty rolls, they have more of them than any other sushi place I've been in Phoenix. They're a little expensive and their happy hour only includes appetizers and a few drinks, no sushi. They have the smallest happy hour menu I've ever seen. Though the Pom Drop is delicious, very strong and only $5 during happy hour. The service is usually a little on the mediocre side but nowhere near bad enough for us to not come here. They are also closed on Sundays, which is a little weird, but it's in Tempe so there are plenty of other sushi places close by.All in all I would say if you're willing to spend a little bit more money it's definitely worth it!
3	Went for dinner with another couple.  Thought the apps were small sized and average.  Liked the sushi, but thought a little pricey.
2	I went here largely because of all the positive reviews on Yelp.  Mistake.  There was nothing terribly wrong with the food or drink, but it was priced on the high side.There sushi seemed no better than any other mediocre sushi and was a little expensive. 4.50 and up for nigiri.  A large Sapporo: $7, Large (cheep) Sake: $7.  Many of the rolls are very expensive and covered with mayo -- they call it wasabi sauce, but might as well be mayo.The spicy tuna and spicy scallops were not spicy at all.  The waitress mentioned they they have to make them even for people who are very sensitive to spice.  (If you don't like spice, don't order spicy! But here, you can.)Also:  What's with the dance music?  Hard to relax with that $hit pulsing away.Bottom line:  expensive, and only mediocre.  We won't be back.  Try Sushi Kee on Warner/Rural.  The ratings on yelp are only 3.5 stars, but better sushi that this place!
4	cute little spot. its in this little strip mall thats kind of seems in the middle of nowhere. good sushi. the names of some of the rolls are fantastic (i.e. the climax roll, climax #2 roll, booty booty roll). kinda sexy for sushi. lol. roomie and i had the ASU roll, las vegas roll, and the climax roll. all were very yummy. we also ordered seaweed salad and agedashi tofu appetizers. i did find it weird that the tofu came out after everything else though. service was good. however, there was one lady there, perhaps the manager/owner...but she really needs to crack a smile once in awhile. why so serious? all in all, good experience. i'll probably be back to check out happy hour.
4	I really  dig the sushi here, some of the best you'll find. Really creative rolls and good flavor. However, I don't think any of the rolls justify the price,  they're good, but not $15 a roll good.  And for the price you think you'd get giant rolls, nope, I had to go next door to jiminy johns after because I couldn't fill up at sushi  eye without spending 30+ bucks.
5	I can fairly say that I really enjoy the dining experience in this place. I started with agedashi tofu and soft shell crab for appetizer and both of them tasted good. The agedashi tofu is really soft and makes me crave for more, and the crispiness of the soft shell crabs is just superb. I ordered uni, dragon rolls, second climax rolls (spicy tuna with cucumber, topped it with yellowtail, wasabi sauce and tobiko) and crazy horse rolls (tuna with yellowtail, salmon and topped with tobiko) and I loves all 4 of them. The service is also great. The waitress keep checking and ask me to refill my green tea. Overall I'm looking forward for my next visit to this place. Thanks for lovely meal sushi eye!
2	Been here a few times. A couple of times were carry out, and once was sit down. There food isn't amazing, and the staff isn't anything to write home about. The sushi I got from take out was warm, and they got my order wrong. There are much better places around.
5	I am so excited that I have Sushi Eye so close now!  I like the sushi (atkins roll is great), staff is friendly, and the new layout is perfect!  I would suggest checking it out!
4	I live in Prescott, Arizona and there's a whole ZERO good sushi spots here.  Not sure if it has anything to do with the poor sushi experiences I've had lately, but I thought Sushi Eye was great.  Modern/clean ambiance.  Friendly wait staff.  Fresh and well made rolls.  The crazy horse roll was my favorite by far, three different types of fish and avocado, a total flavor explosion without being too heavy. The orange blossom roll and rainbow roll were both good. I thought the Climax roll was a little too heavy, lot's of sauce etc.  I'd love to be able to make it out to Sushi Eye again and definitely recommend it to anyone in the area.
5	Climax roll!
4	Like this place - it's best for happy hour, as the food is a little expensive. But I suppose that's what you expect from sushi, right? ;) The happy hour menu has slightly smaller portions, but I appreciated the fact that my waitress was up front about this. And for the price, it didn't bother me. I love the Ginger Tiger drink. Staff is really friendly. And of course the sushi is delicious! My husband and I went there for Happy Hour the other day. We each ordered 2 drinks, and then we got, I think 3 rolls & it was $15.75! Crazy. You have to do the specials for that price, but how can you beat it? Great place.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi spot in Phoenix.  I don't even GO to any other sushi restaurants! Try these rolls: "Booty Booty, Maui, and Lion King" DELICIOUS!
5	literally one of the best sushi spots ever -- orgasm roll is un-bee-weevable.
3	The sushi is really good! The Atkins roll and the Elliot rolls are delicious and the menu has quite a few unique rolls that are fun to try.  I think that I liked it better at the old location, it seemed less "Ra" like. Now it just seems really loud and kinda clubby. I prefer getting take out from this place so I don't have to deal with the loud music and the crowds.
4	Really great place with potential. Not alot of people when i came on a friday at 11pm. Thats the only minus 1 star.
2	I went to Sushi Eye for Happy Hour.  The service was spectacular as were the drinks but, the food was just ok.  The seaweed in their rolls was very 'chewy', the tempura was oily and not fresh.  I have much better luck with Teharu.  That being said, it was an excellent value for the money on Happy Hour so can't complain about that.
4	Lunch today was the second time that I've been to the new location. Equally impressed both times! For those of you that went to the previous location, on Elliot just west of Kyrene... the old place SUCKED... the new place ROCKS! I work within walking distance of the old place and in the many years it was there I went only 3 times... Not that the food was ever bad but the experience just wasn't there... cramped, not dirty but kind of grungy and absolutely no real flare... The new place (where Tanked Fish used to be) is a HUGE improvement! Warm and welcoming and still fun and trendy! Great patio that I can imagine would be a blast on a Friday or Saturday evening! Let me cover the basics from lunch today... I took my staff to lunch for a job well done... There were 6 of us total... We went early knowing that lunch can be busy especially when you have a 6 top. I arrived a few minutes early to ensure that there would not be an issue with us only having an hour... I was promptly seated, introduced and asked for my beverage order. From the start service was wonderful! As my staff arrived Katrina was there to take the drink orders and move things along. THE FOOD We ordered an appetizer (Tempura Mix battered & fried prawns and vegetables $7) which came out pretty quick and was scarfed down pretty readily. I will admit that it seemed rather small for the price but the carrots were yummy so it was all good! Five of the six people ordered from them Lunch Combo menu and I have to say for the price... WOW what a lot of food! Personally, I ordered the Combo A: any choice of 1 item ($7.95) with the Agedashi Tofu. Yummmmmmy! The combos include a generous cup of miso soup, a small side, a cup of rice, the entree and a 4 piece California roll! Oh my gosh! So yummy! The tofu was perfectly prepared... light, crispy with just enough sauce drizzled over it (I think it was unagi sauce but don't quote me on that!) Other entrees were the tuna sashmi, pork and beef katsu, terriyaki chicken and the gyozas. The one person that decided on a roll instead of the combo ordered a spider roll and absolutely raved about it. Everyone was very happy with the food and the service... even the non-sushi guy! Overall the food was great! Definitely not the best sushi in the world but pretty darn good for the middle of the desert! Price is definitely pretty reasonable... and will totally go back to check out their happy hour (1/2 off appys and about 15 different rolls + drink specials!) THE SERVICE Generally we try to stay fairly close to work for these lunches because service can be iffy at different places and with a table of six you just never now... especially if you have a limited time frame. Sushi eye is a little farther than we would normally travel but having gone in for lunch two weeks before I figured it was worth the risk... Boy was it worth it! Katrina was attentive, professional and extremely helpful. Offered suggestions on which menu items she thought were better and genuinely listened. She was very prompt with the needs for refills and checking in without being interrupting. Took the time to joke with everyone and generally made the experience more comfortable for everyone (refer back to the aforementioned "non-sushi guy"). I am truly a believer that, in the restaurant industry, there is NO excuse for bad service. Katrina could definitely teach classed on the art of good service! I know that I am gushing over her but honestly service is one of the biggest reasons that we go out to eat... the service can make or break the experience... She put what could be an ordinary work lunch to a very enjoyable hour away from the office! I would definitely recommend Sushi Eye... the Phoenix (Ahwatukee) location. (I've also been to Sushi Eye in Motion in Chandler,,, just not a fan! If you want the experience of a revolving sushi bar check out Teharu in Tempe... Larger, more options and way better priced!)
5	Holy smokes! This is definitely my favorite place, hear the kid comment, ever. I have eaten sushi in some of the best places and Sushi Eye seriously beats them. Their food is simply the best. All fish melts in your mouth and their options are unique. I love the Atkins, Cherry Blossom, Orange Blossom and Crazy Horse, but seriously, it's hard to choose which one. What I also like is they have photos and the description of the rolls on their menu. So there isn't the guessing game on which one you liked and/or want to try and/or asking the server. The atmosphere is nice and simple. The night we were there, they had live music. I am thrilled this place opened.
2	I tried to like this place. I really did. I heard so much good about this place, from people whose taste I trust. The experience itself was enjoyable. A very nice atmosphere. It was all so promising.So following my normal habits, my friend and I sat at the sushi bar and asked the sushi chef to simply feed me what he would like, "omakase" style. He seemed happy enough about this... and made some fairly tasty rolls, albeit nothing extravagant and all pretty basic items from the menu. Given that I told him the only thing I wouldn't eat was octopus, I somewhat expected him to be a little more creative. Generally that is what's to be expected from omakase. But, this was my first time there, so it was excusable. He didn't know my taste.We ended up having 4 rolls in all, and then when I was about ready to ask for some sashimi to finish up, he hands us some nigiri; 2 pieces each of salmon and ahi tuna. Okay, cool, that works just as well. This is his choice, after all. Unfortunately this is where the low rating comes from. I entrusted him to showcase his selection.... and this fish he gave me was not fresh. It was slimy. It had hardly any flavor at all; the predominant flavors came from the rice and the tiny dab of wasabi binding the fish to it. I had to wash both pieces of nigiri down with water and tea.To me, the true measure of a sushi restaurant is in its sashimi and/or nigiri. And this is unfortunately where Sushi Eye fell flat on its face in my experience. Perhaps I've been spoiled at other restaurants, but I can't see myself returning here to try again. I'll go where I know the fish is fresh and flavorful.
5	Awesome. Fast. Great menu. Big servings. Great atmosphere.
3	Love the ambiance.  If it was the type of weather to sit outside I can totally see enjoying the patio.The service was close to HORRIBLE.My girls shared the tofu plate with california rolls, soup, salad and rice.  They were very happy with it.My son had some yellowtail and eel roll that he really enjoyed.I had asparagus roll and avocado roll.  The asparagus roll wasn't that good and I love asparagus but the avocado roll had big chunks of fresh avoacado.  Mmmm...I think it is a bit pricey and I left hungry but the quality and ambiance deserve 3 stars.
5	I love sushi eye. I've been eating here since I moved to AZ on the recommendation of friends, and it's better than most of the places I frequented when I lived in So Cal. My gang thought it had closed one night and were super sad when we went to the location in Tempe, not realizing until we read the sign on the door that it had relocated--but it's good enough to remain our only sushi haunt despite its location being less convenient now.The food is good, the atmosphere is nice. The music rules (I love trance, though, and seriously, most restaurants, I think, have the song "soul sista" on a loop--the trance rules the schools), and the service is always good. I recommend this place to anyone.
2	Based on high ratings I really was excited to try this place. To sum it all up; the service was okay, the sushi seemed creative at first until you realize they all seem to mimic one another with just slight changes. The sushi even though creative lacks flavor as a whole, the prices and ratings are too high and the food under delivers. I'll stick with the two sushi places that I am always satisfied with Sakana and Hiro sushi.
2	disappointing.the decor is cute, but it looks almost the same as when it was tanked fish.. the rolls are creative, but they are all covered in sauce, and less amazing than the photos make them out to be. eel is the only fish i don't eat, and it is a favorite item on the sushi eye menu.. the spicy tuna tasted fresh, but was not very spicy, or anything to really trip the trigger. the servicen was quick, our waitor was very polite! but with a $60 (non alcohol) tab.. I was disappointed. i enjoyed the taste of my ginger just as much as any of the rolls.. :/. i won't be back, there are too many other choices in the ahwatukee/chandler area that do much more for my tastebuds!
5	The place to get sushi in Phoenix. Very good quality, though I did take out, the place had a nice urban feel., the booty sushi was good.,too.
4	Great Sushi and Drinks... Food actually has flavor to it. Lunch is great too! Boxes are twice the size of Stingrays.  Atmosphere is in the middle between Sakana and Stingray... so you can relax more. This place definitely gives everybody else a run for their money.
4	We have been waiting to try Sushi Eye for a while.  We decided to celebrate the day and stopped for sushi!  The parking lot is always full!  The decor was nice, light green and black, roomy tables and a bar that circled inside and outside to a small patio.  Our party of 8 sat on the patio almost by our self (that's always good since we had four kids under 10).The menus look great, nice selection and pictures of the creations.  Yes as other Yelpers have stated the rolls have sauces and nuts as a mainstay. Our table started off with edamame and spicy tuna poppers. Our table tried the Climax, California, spider, orange blossom, spicy tuna, cherry blossom, wild horse and several off the maki page. They have Sapporo on tap!Our service was good, we did have to ask for soy sauce for the outside tables.  Not an issue, it was resolved almost as fast as we realized it.Our only issue with Sushi Eye were the restrooms.  They need some attention.We really enjoyed our dinner at Sushi Eye!  We'll definitely be back to enjoy the patio again.
5	Love love love the spicy chicken roll!
3	I walked into Sushi Eye with some good expectations. We called ahead to see if they were open on Labor Day last month and were told, "Please, come on in!"  My favorite part of a weekday holiday? Happy Hour typically starts at 3 p.m. My friend and I had finished up a fab shopping day at IKEA and walked into their trendy restaurant (that was barely abuzz) starving. Upon looking at the Happy Hour menu, we decided on several delicious-sounding items (I was extremely impressed by the range and number of dishes from appetizers to rolls). Then, upon ordering, the waitress looked at us and said, "Oh sorry, we aren't doing Happy Hour today." ... Are you kidding me? I just smiled and looked at the menu quickly to see if I'd missed the proviso that states, "Except for Holidays"... Nope, doesn't exist. I looked back up and simply said, "Huh, well I have heard great things about the happy hour and that is the reason that we came here." She just awkwardly smiled and said, "Well can I get something else for you?" I could have made a ruckus. I could have asked for the manager, but I know that her manager is the one that put the policy in place. False advertisement is bad business! We just ordered off of the regular menu and sucked it up. They were lucky that their spicy tuna poppers and eel rolls are delicious and took some notches down on my sass. I would like to point out that we ordered about 1/3 of what we would have and spent two times as much. Womp womp. That's not business savvy.
5	Excellent sushi and service.They don't skimp on the fish in their rolls.   The rolls have flavor and the quality is good.  Friendly service and good food.  A perfect combination.  Oh, and they apparently provide a nice pair of chopsticks for the frequent customer.  I don't know what measurement they use, but I hope to get a pair soon.
2	My first time at Sushi Eye was for a book club meeting for Happy Hour back in July. I mostly ordered cocktails and a couple of appie specials, which were okay but I wanted to go back and eat a full meal before I reviewed the place.I stopped in for lunch on a Friday recently and was very surprised to see that between 12 and 1pm, there was NO ONE ELSE at the sushi bar and only two tables taken. Never a good sign. The service was friendly and attentive, but what else did she have to do?Since a lunch sashimi combo would've cost me $18 ($3-6 higher than most other sushi places for lunch), I opted for an Atkins roll ($9; pretty good; never had a roll sans rice before) and a $10 lunch combo with yellowtail sashimi (fine) and some Japanese dumplings (which came fried, yuck...would've liked to have a steamed option...and the sauce was tasteless). The miso soup and small salad was included and they were pretty much like all the other places.Overall, I left wishing I had stopped at RA or Sushi Ken for a less expensive, more satisfying lunch special.
5	The Udon at Sushi Eye has to be the very best in the Valley. The food is always superb and fresh. It is slightly on the expensive side but ALWAYS worth it. We love the Atkins roll and the Vegan roll. If we could afford it, we would eat there EVERY night!!!
3	I was recently in town visiting my family for the holidays and the urge for sushi hit me.  My sister swears by Sushi Eye, so I figured it would be a safe bet.  Despite only a 3 star review, I am glad that she recommended it to me.  Driving into the parking lot, the restaurant is easy enough to spot.  There is a spacious and well decorated patio out front.  Walking through the doors reveals a fairly large sushi restaurant.  Again, the decor is trendy and pleasant.  The hostess was prompt in greeting us and she showed us to our seats at the sushi bar.  Her smile was warm and genuine, really making us feel welcome there.The menu is simple and easy to navigate.  Even my step mother, who is still pretty unsure on sushi, was able to find several choices that she was comfortable with.  My one complaint here is that the same sauces/garnishes seem to be used on almost every roll.  Some variance here would be nice.  Regardless, our opening volley was a trio of rolls to include the Booty Booty roll.  That one sticks out in my mind because it had a wonderful flavor to it.  We also did the Climax and the spicy scallop roll.  The flavors were nice all around.  We finished up by asking the Chef to make us a roll of his choice.  That roll was insanely delicious!  The whole while, our server kept coming by and checking on us to ensure we were happy and that our pints stayed full.  Top marks for service here for sure!Now on to why this is a 3 star review instead of 4 stars.  The sushi rice was undercooked and a bit hard.  I know it may seem like I'm being overly critical, but the top 2  things you HAVE to get right at a sushi restaurant are the rice and having fresh fish.  The rice was so bad on the scallop roll that I debated sending it back.  I opted to just deal with it as it wasn't inedible.  I'm assuming that I just had a bad batch of rice and that it is not standard practice.  I will be visiting Sushi Eye again the next time I'm in Phoenix and I will gladly update this review afterward.  I think that Sushi Eye charges a fair price for some tasty food and excellent customer service over all.
1	I had heard a lot of great things about Sushi Eye. My coworkers seem to love this place. So when I was in Ahwatukee and craving Japanese food, I decided to give it a try. The decor is nice. The interior looks swanky and modern. There are large tvs on the walls, etc. However, the food is another story. I ordered chicken teriyaki, which comes with salad, miso, rice and a CA roll. The salad was entirely coated in dressing- you could barely find the lettuce amidst all of the dressing. The miso was some of the worst I've ever had- it tasted like straight dashi stock- hardly any miso to speak of. Not to mention the extras in the soup (tofu, onions, wakame) were pretty much non-existant. I got to the main course of chicken- and my stomach began to turn after only a few bites. The rice looked like it had oil in it- which made it cumbersome to eat with sticks. My friend had the Sweet Thang roll. The roll was apparently okay, though there was hardly any eel or rice in it. Once again, the rice was misbehaving, and the interior of the roll wanted to completely fall apart. I can only guess that they weren't using very good short grain rice. To make matters worse, I had to pay for my uneaten meal- I guess the waitress just didn't care. Despite the restaurant being pretty empty, the service was lackluster. Tea cups were left unfilled, and our waitress had the personality of a wet mop.Needless to say, I won't be returning again.
4	I was up in the phx/chandler area for the day (checking out Ikea lol) and we were craving sushi afterwards. Even though Sushi Eye was not on the top of the Yelp list nor does the name sounded appealing, I thought I'd give it a try because of the reviews. Good job Yelpers!!!! I was very impressed with this place. I got the sashimi salad and two other rolls (Damn it, I cant think of the name but something cute and clever). I loved it. My bf said it was very close to flavors and quality of the sushi restaurants in Cali (and all the places he's tried in AZ have been depressing). The price was a little high from what I'm use to in Tucson but I think it was worth every penny. If I'm ever in the area again I will def drop by.  I'm not sure if this place is fairly new but.... the decor needs some work. They got some stuff that works but it seems pretty empty. They need something around the bar area or so to make the place look complete.
4	One of the better sushi places in the Valley.  I don't remember exactly what I got but it was all so good.  I can't wait to go back often.
3	I was really disappointed that Sushi Eye has such creativity with their rolls but they are all the same in the wasabi sauce and macadamia nuts on them.  My biggest complaint is I don't like wasabi so what am I supposed to eat?  Yes I could get them without that sauce on them but then the roll is a bit dry wish I had another sauce option.  Also I'm not a fan of macadamia nuts either why put them on every roll???  It's just weird to me we are not in Hawaii and some people are allergic to nuts.  I did however find a roll I liked that was the Bay Island Roll which was a california roll topped w/ bay scallops,baked in mild spicy sauce &sprinkled w/ scallions & tobiko.  It was for sure something I would get again.  The other roll I ordered called the Sweet thang had fresh water eel, crab, avocado &cream cheese, dressed w/ unagi sauce, macadamia nuts & tobiko.  No where did it say wasabi but I tasted it instantly and that was a huge let down.  So I guess if you love Wasabi and Macadamia Nuts then this is the place for you otherwise there are a lot of other sushi joints in the valley that cater to a bigger variety of pallets.
5	Don't usually give 5 stars, but this is good sushi. At first, I was a little skeptic of all the macadamia nuts on their sushi, but it is a great compliment.The rolls are original and all very good. The Climax('s) and the Elliot are my favorite.
3	Tried this out a few week ago on a weekday night. We ordered about 7 rolls (the climax, cherry blossom, bay island, las vegas, cardinals, and I cant remember the other 3). The rolls were delicious, much better than average sushi places in the valley. However, the service sucked big time! They were obviously short-staffed! We waited about 10 mins to be seated which was fine, but it took 45 mins before the food came out! I would come back for the rolls when I have plenty of time to wait and not too hungry, but not when I am hungry.
4	They have a great happy hour. My husband and I got a huge platter of fresh and delicious sushi for a really good price. They aren't cheap with the booze either. I ordered well scotch on the rocks--half price at happy hour--and it was a nice full glass. The sushi was very good, too. The salmon skin was really crispy and delicious though that particular roll is a handroll in most places so I was a little disappointed that it wasn't here. The decor is really nice and trendy. It reminded me of some of my favorite sushi joints in Chicago. I'll be back soon!Oh, and if you go you have to try the tuna jalapeno poppers. They aren't like normal poppers. Just try them!
5	We frequent this place often. They have amazing chicken teriyaki, sushi, and short ribs. Along with many other things. The happy hour rocks! The service is outstanding.Give it a shot but dont mistake the location for the Chandler one. They are the complete opposite.
3	Visited for lunch for the very first time.  The employees were friendly and greeted us kindly.  The atmosphere is trendy for the younger crowd, pretty cool inside design.  A full sushi counter w/ a full long bar.  Had the chicken teriyaki combination - it was good, but next time would like to visit at night and see the night culture here w/ some sashi and sushi.  It might be fun!
3	pretty good stuff. definitely lots of choices in rolls. most of them seem the same though a little repetitive. overall taste was good, service was really good, price was ok
4	Cute sushi spot, but the service was relatively slow. There were maybe 4 other people in the entire restaurant, but the sushi was good and was worth the wait. I would come here for the specialty rolls as the regular rolls are nothing out of the ordinary. We ordered an eel roll and spicy tuna roll.Specialty Rolls:1) Crazy Horse Roll (tuna, yellowtail & salmon rolled w/ avocado & topped w/ tobiko)2) Rocky Roll (yellowtail & avocado topped w/ tuna, salmon & grilled fresh water eel,dressed w/ unagi sauce, macadamia, nuts & tobiko)3) RSM Roll (salmon, fresh water eel, cream cheese, & avocado, deep fried, & topped  w/ assorted fish, spicy scallops & scallions, dressed w/ wasabi sauce, macadamia nuts & tobiko)
3	I almost gave Sushi Eye 4 stars, but there were a few things holding me back. This may be a bit petty, but the hostess brings us back to seat us (just my wife and I) and she sits us at a table in the center of the room when there are better seats against the wall, not out in front of everyone. It was a Saturday night, but not crowded at all. As for the food, my wife ordered the yellowtail and tuna sushi and the eel roll, which was fresh and tasty. I ordered several rolls, which were tasty, but nothing to rave about. The drinks we ordered were ok, but again, nothing to rave about. The decor and mood of Sushi Eye were nice and we felt very comfortable. Overall, we were hoping for better tastes, but it was just ok. Not bad, but not great. They need to pick it up a notch to compete with either Ra or Stingray.
5	Another great dinner at Sushi Eye! My boyfriend and I love the freshness of the fish and the creative rolls. Make sure to try the Atkins roll; instead of rice it is wrapped in cucumber and it is delish! This has been our go-to sushi place for about 3 years now and it never disappoints. Check it out!
4	Just took 18 of my co-workers here for lunch.  The place is very cute, the music was appropriate and the food was delicious.  The only complaint is that some of our party didn't get their food until the rest of the party had been served and was halfway done eating, so the kitchen needs to better about timing large orders.  Otherwise it was a pleasant visit.  It cost me about 230.00 to feed 18 people with the lunch special.  Not too bad!I think we'll be back.  :)
3	The staffs nice and the restaurant is clean and well decorated. The fish is pretty fresh but I feel like it's overpriced for what you get.
2	I was SO hoping to love this place; we used to go to Sushi Eye in Motion in Chandler before it closed down and loved THAT one.  But this place just didn't impress us on all fronts.  The regular California rolls were delicious, and our child liked the shrimp tempura. But the specialty rolls were too oily (the deep fried ones -- maybe the oil was not hot enough?) or fishy.  I always get turned off by a sushi place that has fish that actually smells fishy because it's supposed to be very neutral if it's fresh. It was kind of dark inside. Service was quick and the server was nice & polite, but I don't think we'll be back.
3	This place was cute.Took advantage of their Groupon deal: $20 for $40 worth of food.  The service was great, they don't do anything for birthdays.It looks like they have a great Happy Hour, so we would probably only go back for that.  It's a bit pricey when compared to our standard sushi place, but we love trying new places.  The restaurant is nicely laid out.  I love how you can see the sushi chefs make the rolls.We have a 2 year old.  Cutest high chairs you've ever seen in your life.  Seriously.Keep a look out for deals or go visit them during Happy Hour!
3	We had a groupon, and this was our first visit.We sat at the bar, it was pretty busy and we like to watch the rolls be made.The fish was fresh, service was good, and we liked everything we ordered.I think my favorite was the Vegas Roll, we had so many, that I cannot remember all that we ordered!!Would definitely go again!
1	The first time in my life I have left a restaurant without being served.It was dinner time, my Husband and I arrived right at 6 and were ready for a great dinner. We were quickly sat and immediately approached and got our drinks quickly and that is when we became invisible.  We waited for someone to return to take our order. There were only 4 other tables in the ENTIRE restaurant (Bar,sushi bar and dining area) so its not as if we got lost in the crowd. After about 10-15 minutes I asked a waitress passing by if we could order some food, that is after all why we were there, so it didn't feel like an outlandish request. She told me she would go get our server, which she did. He was there and took our order.  Slightly irritated but able to put it behind us we waited for our food. Now here is the part that makes me furious.. My husband sees this waitress, the one that I asked if we could order, mimicking me and repeating the story to the sushi chef. To me this is unacceptable. If you want to talk S*#t about me, be a decent person and go do it in back like every other server in America. Do not have the balls to do it where we can see you, other customers can see you and a manager, if there was one would be able to see you. Needless to say, this is when we decided to leave. I didn't want to give a dime to this restaurant and I certainly didn't want these jokers handling anything I was going to eat.The way this restaurant runs is a joke. They should take all of the tables out except 2 since that is all they are capable of handling. They should hire a manager that has an interest in the customers. The service explains why this place was a ghost town at dinner time. Its a real shame, we had dinner there once before and the sushi was pretty decent. I predict a FOR LEASE sign coming to this location very soon.
1	DONT GO THERE!!!!!!!!! IF YOU ARE IN CUSTOMER SERVICE OR JUST A HUMAN BEING YOU WONT EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT! JUST READ........My family and I recently went to go eat at Sushi Eye on Warner Road and the I-10. I had purchased an amazon deal and it was set to expire that night so we had to use it. We were there during happy hour so we asked waitress if we could order off the happy hour menu with her knowing full well that we had the coupon. So we did. About 5 minutes later and when we received a couple of the items both the young waitress and owner/manager came to our table and said that we cannot use our  coupon and get happy   hour both. And we explained very nicely to the owner (Richard) that our waitress said that was okay. He said that it was her fault and she should have know better and that SHE CAN PAY FOR THE DIFFERENCE.. My husband and I were floored!.  We asked if we could eat off the happy hour that day and then come back within the month. He wouldnt even do that. He said that we could come back the next day ONLY. He was going to make his employee pay out of their own pocket we couldnt believe it!The food isnt even that special.  I would rather go down the road to Ra! Richard,shame on you for even mentioning that the waitress can pay the difference. I am telling everyone I know so all of Ahwatukee is banning your place of business. I feel sorry for the people that have to work for you!!!!!!I WOULD NOT GIVE THEM A STAR BUT YELP MADE ME IN ORDER TO POST!!!!!
1	Total waste of time and money! My wife and I were celebrating my new promotion, but unfortunately our favorite sushi joint, Sakana Sushi on Elliot, was closed for remodeling. A woman who had also shown up said that Sushi Eye on Warner was good and so we thought we would give it a try. First impression was the place was nice: very cool, hip decor, nice house/chill music, very trendy. The menu looked great, nice photos of very lavish sushi, and priced relatively high, so we assumed we were in for some good sushi (with a 4-star rating and the prices). Then, it was all down hill... I ordered a Combo and my wife ordered some Gyoza and a roll, eel sauce on the side (please!). Gyoza came out, no plates. We waited several minutes for our plates then just decided to dig in. She came back for refills, no plates. Not that big of a deal, but... My wife's roll comes out (Golden Cali Roll) and it is extremely "fishy" tasting. I say "fishy" because, yes, I know it's fish, but it's imitation crab and that's about it, shouldn't taste like a medley of fish. My salad (below average) and soup (PIPING HOT) comes out. I decided to let the soup cool a bit, as I went back to it, my combo came out. Still, I'm not annoyed yet, but, this was a little annoying. (Still no eel sauce). I got into the Cali Roll, it was good, teriyaki chicken, good, rice was a bit dry and tasteless, then teriyaki beef... COLD! My soup was still too hot to sip, my beef was cold to the touch. I am not one to send things back, but I said to our waitress "I am very sorry, but this beef is cold." She was apologetic and took the whole plate back, which I was OK with considering I still had some hot soup, brought my plate back minus the beef and said there was a fresh serving coming. (No eel sauce...) Then, my wife decided to venture into my combo plate, took a Cali Roll and to her surprise, there was wasabi in the rice (she is not a fan). As we looked over at the sushi bar to see if we could figure out the deal, we saw our waitress in the sushi prep area (oddly) waving around money. WTF?! Dirty money around raw fish, nice! Then, we noticed, there was no manager in/around the restaurant. This place was smoke and mirrors. It looked trendy and hip, but the food was terrible, definitely not even close to what we paid. My beef came out, hot, which was nice, but it was rubbery. At this point, I was pretty much done, as was my wife. Well, at least I had a new promotion to be happy about, but dinner left us with a bitter end to the day. I would suggest you not eat here, unless you go for 1/2 price happy hour, then it MIGHT be worth it. Venture up Elliot to Sakana and have a quality meal for a better price.
2	Sorry for the lack-luster tip, but not really! I would give this a one-star rating, if we had never been here before...We go out for sushi quite a bit!! We've eaten at Sushi Eye (Warner, west of the 10) once before, and it was "ok." So when we saw the Groupon come up, we decided to try it again. This time, the food seemed more overpriced, the portions seemed smaller, and taboo of all taboos, the rice was definitely not cooked thoroughly. And, to top it all off, the service was....well, just bleh! We kept having to look for and flag down our server. When the restaurant isn't very busy, that does not bode well with us, especially when we are sitting AT the sushi bar and they wouldn't let us place over-the-counter orders - their bad!With all the choices for good and great sushi in the greater Phoenix area, we won't be going back to Sushi Eye...
3	Inoffensive sushi. Nothing too exciting, but not bad. Hamachi roll was nice, but some of the fancy rolls feel like they are trying too hard.
3	This is where my first sushi experience began -- a couple of years ago. It only took about 20 California rolls...Since then, I've advanced and found more awesome sushi joints...but hey, this place isn't so bad for the first time.Anyway, thanks for my first experience Sushi Eye! :)
5	This is a monthly outing for our family; the food is really perfect. We have never been disappointed and we have tried sushi all over the country for sure.  I would highly recommend the ASU roll. Also they have an Atkins roll that is great if you are watching your carbs.
4	We go here so often that we have personalized chopsticks here! The sushi is absolutely wonderful. We've tried other places, but no one has the quality and tastiness that Sushi Eye does! I would give it a 5 star, but the service can be slow at times. We'll keep coming back though because owner/chef Richard Cho is a sushi genius! The ASU roll is the BEST! Also try the Las Vegas Roll and Lion King Roll. The beef udon soup is terrific too!
2	Went there for happy hour with half priced drinks, appetizers, and some simple rolls.  Pretty disappointed in their portion sizes, especially if I had paid full price for it. Maybe the happy hour comes with happy hour portion sizes? Food was meh and unremarkable except for the small portions. The service seemed fine though. The inside ambiance was pretty nice too. They were out of Sapporo Draft, and Yellowtail Kama when we were there and the place was almost empty around 6pm. Anyways, we ordered:California Roll: Pretty basic fare, the filling was small but nothing stood out about this good or badSalmon Maki: Was supposed to include green onions but it wasn't in the roll. The rolls were wide and flat instead of the usual thin and tall. I guess so they use less fishYellowtail Maki: same as above, but really needed the green onion to taste good.Salmon Skin Roll: could barely taste the salmon skinTempura Mix: only came with one piece of shrimp! the veggies were sliced thin and were very crisp though, with the exception for the brocolli piece. Green Muscles: six muscles a little over done and way too sweet.Soft Shell Crab: one crab with sweet sauce on top. Too sweet for my taste.Salmon Kama: a small piece with masago on to, something I've never seen done before to a salmon kama. Could have used a bit more salt but was cooked well.The sushi rice was cooked properly not too soggy or hard. And the rolls weren't rolled too loosely either.I guess at happy hour prices the portion size is ok... but when we got the check, some of the happy hour prices were wrong. 50 cents more for the soft shell crab and green muscles, and a dollar more for the tempura. Be sure to check your check before paying!!!So once we got the prices fixed, we paid a little over $30 after tax, and the two of us were still hungry and not satisfied.  I don't think I'd come back here, even for happy hour. I'd rather drive a little further south to Sushi Ken instead.
3	Definitely not my favorite place for sushi, but I was with a group of people who really wanted to come here.They're more Americanized than I would like, and their prices aren't affordable. But, you're not going to get sick eating here, so that's a plus!Bottom line: If you do like overly complicated rolls, and like mixed drinks with super cool names, this is the spot for you. If you like more traditional sushi, I would pass.
5	Have been meaning to get around to this review for quite some time now. Must say my experience was all around a great one. The food, hospitality, and the ambience were excellent. The prices are more than fairly priced for the portions. I would definitely return as the sushi has been some of the best I have had in the Phoenix area.
2	Don't come with your kids!  No kids menu and very few options for them to eat unless you want to spend $11 on a teriyaki chicken dinner for them.  Sushi was decent and the special rolls are tasty but very expensive for the small size of them.  Atmosphere tries to be nice inside with some lower end modern decor, but the place is pretty cramped with a full bar (completely empty on a Saturday night) and a sushi bar along with about 10 tables crammed together.
3	California roll was good. I didn't care for the sauce that came with the blue crab and the service was terrible.
1	We had a Groupon so figured we'd make the trip for a sweet deal on Sushi, didn't work out that way. We decided on a couple of rolls with macadamia nuts because.. well...who doesn't like macadamia nuts? Rolls come, no nuts. Even though it clearly lists them on the menu, not one roll has a nut. We ask the server about it and she says they don't include nuts on the rolls ( and apparently don't ask if you want them) because of the allergy risk. Which assumes people can't read and makes zero sense. I noticed you had no issues with the cream cheese, what about about the lactose intolerant people?So she brings us out a small bowl of stale nuts and we put them on the sushi, which ruins it. We'd had a couple of bites before we dumped the crappy stale nuts on the sushi so I was ok with paying for it and getting out of the place. So I call the issue to the servers attention, she says "let me go get my manager" and this "manager" never comes out. I was simply looking for some reassurance that the nuts would be thrown out and no else would want to puke on their food, but that was too much to ask. Paid the bill and left.
2	I have been going here for happy hour a lot over the last year or so, but they just changed it to where you have to sit outside on the patio and there are only about 3 rolls on their menu for happy hour.I don't really get the point since the restaurant is complete empty most of the time anyway during happy hour, in making people sit outside... I didn't really care since it was a nice day.  But their prices are way too high for the quality and size without going for happy hour, so we won't be back.
1	Wow, what a disappointment this place was.  We went there because my friend was once a regular (at the old location) but we quickly realized that things had taken a turn.  Sure, the place looks good and there is cool outdoor seating but, that's about it.  I'll keep this short.  Don't expect what's listed in the ingredients to actually be on your roll.  Don't expect your rolls to compare in size or taste with other sushi joints.  Don't expect ingredients to be super fresh.  Expect to be charged a pretty penny.Won't see me there.
3	We decided to try this place for dinner. Had the combo plate with tempura and pork katsu with the cherry blossom and dragon rolls. They give you a lot if food with the combo. The food was good not great. I would say the sushi was average. Nothing very special about this place. The service was pretty good and he was pretty helpful. Overall I though this place was ok. Will I come back? I'm not sure yet
4	A dear friend lives in the Tuke and had a groupon for Sushi Eye. My good fortune - his girlfriend is on a super restrictive diet, and would be unable to eat anything yummy until after the groupon expired. So I got a lunch invite!We each had a beer and seaweed salad to start out. (Reminds me of our old standing Monday night meet-up at Zen 32 for reverse happy hour...but I digress.)He did the ordering - sadly, I don't remember specifically everything that we had - but, in a way, it doesn't matter for this review. The fish was all spot on in quality and freshness. The rolls were well crafted, well presented and delicious. Service was a bit spotty at first  - but once we got the food, we had nothing at all to complain about.I don't know there's anything here that would make me call Sushi Eye the best in town. I don't even know that it hits my overall top 5. But - it is good, and  quite enjoyed my post-meal sushi coma. Plus, it's locally owned *and* ethnic in the Tuke - so that's worth 2 starts right there! :)
1	Probably the WORST sushi restaurant we have EVER been to. The sushi was warm, looked old. The California roll was obviously not made to order and was thinner than a quarter. I ordered a glass of $9 white wine and was given a VERY small pour.The atmosphere was every uninviting at best. The table was sticky and the candles on the table were battery operated but none of them worked. The music was horrible....they were playing tacky techno.....why? If I wanted to watch sports I would go right next door instead of being forced to watch it on every TV they had. Oh, and it was so HOt inside that we were actually sweating! I left the restaurant disappointed and mad that I wasted the $50 especially these days, when times are tough and eating out is a rare event. SAVE YOUR MONEY EVERYONE. This place is horrible.
4	This place was recommended to me by a friend in the area, and we all had a good experience here.  The dumpling/gyoza appetizer was tasty.  The rainbow roll was more traditional (i.e. had less mayo or sauces) than many rolls and really showcased the taste of the fresh fish.   The Lion King roll was soft and had a wonderful combination of flavors that I would return here for.  Dragon roll was also good.  The only problem was that, by the end, we had too much food! The setting was very comfortable and open, and our server was funny and courteous. Note: it seemed like there were no macademia nuts in the rolls (listed on their menu) but since I wouldn't expect them as a part of good sushi anyway, it didn't bother me.
5	This is the best sushi in Phoenix.  The rolls are a little different than traditional rolls, but that is what makes them so good.  I love the Lion King Roll and the Spicy Tuna Poppers.
1	Wow.  What a difference from their downtown Chandler location (which is now closed).  Service and food was just B-A-D.  1.  We called to confirm the hours online and they weren't correct (closed earlier).  In retrospect, we should not have called, to not hurry up and miss out on this painful experience.  2.  The waitress didn't make it to our table for 15 minutes after we were seated and didn't frequent our table to serve us.  We were wondering where she was since the place was dead with only an hour until closing time.  When she did come to take our order it was apparent she was eating her dinner.  Her mouth was full as she tried speaking to us and she even accidentally spit out some of her food on my arm as she leaned over to read our menu.  GROSS.  We should have walked out then but I thought, "Hey, everyone has to eat at some point, right? And accidents/mistakes happen, right?" Eww, my stomach still turns thinking about it. The few times she came out to check on us she was STILL eating while trying to talk.  Her breath stunk of something gross (have mercy, why did she have to get so close?).  Ok, I can go on and on but I'll stop for the sake of anyone eating and reading at the same time.3.  The rolls and sashimi were NOT good.  Extremely fishy tasting.  We even ordered one of their cooked rolls and it was so mushy and warm (not hot or cold - the safe temps) - we didn't even finish it. And what is up with macadamia nuts on most of the rolls described in the menu, yet they don't serve them because of allergies?  I completely understand allergen precautions - but why even list it on your menu?Oh, Sushi Eye, we celebrated birthdays, had grand old times and really digged your old location.  Why, oh why must it end like this?  :'o(
1	What a shame the groupon was the only reason I give it a star to begin with.  The meal cost us nothing but the food was worth nothing to begin with. There was no flavor to the sushi and the service was poor.
3	Good sushi with okay service. a-ok indeed.
4	Sushi-Eye has a wide variety of rolls, and I have to say the ASU roll is on the top of the list (and yes, it may correlate to Arizona State University's awesomeness). However, recent changes were made to the way happy hour works, and I'm not so sure if I like it. Expensive, but overall a great way to treat yourself to sushi.
4	I have been to both locations and am never disappointed. The sushi is delicious, however I tried one of the drinks at the Chandler location and it was somehow both strong and syrupy so that is why I cannot give 5 stars. The staff is very nice, helpful and service is good. I recently purchased a groupon for the Ahwatukee location and it was a great deal!
3	good food. Great service but i'm still hungry after$ 60..I would go back. But not when i'm really hungry.
4	Sushi Eye has some pretty good sushi! They have a huge selection and their bento boxes or as they call them "combo dinners/lunches" are great! The service was a little slow considering we were the only ones in the restaurant. In the men's bathroom the urinals didn't flush. But other than that dinner was fantastic!
4	One of the best sushi places in the Awathukee area! Love the gyozas and the rainbow roll! The staff is also extremely nice and polite. Have to love this place!
1	I went here for happy hour. I checked their website before I went to confirm their happy hour specials.  When I got to the restaurant, the happy hour was totally different.  There were less options that were more expensive that what was listed on their website.  I asked about it and was told that they did not have the passsword to update their website. REALLY??  I drove almost 30 minutes to come here and was totally disappointed. This used to be my favorite sushi place a few years ago before they moved locations.  Since then, it has been a huge disappointment and after my latest experience, I will not be coming back.
2	The place was very nice. I love the green on the walls along with the decor, very unique. The sushi was delicious. I wish the sushi was colder. What's the point of having room temperature sea food? Inside the restaurant it was also not that cool. When you live in AZ it matters! I was a little disappointed that there was no happy hour so the sushi made up for it. Now for the worst part of my experience. There was only one waitress & her face right from the start you could tell she was angry. She did not greet nor smile at us. She was very quick to give us the menu did not suggest anything or try and make us feel welcomed. I would expect to be treated better when we were the only ones at the restaurant! I don't plan on coming back. POOR SERVICE.
4	Have lived close to this place for almost 8 months now, and regret not visiting before now! Richard, the sushi chef, was very friendly and made us some great rolls!The waiter was cordial and made sure all of our drinks were full and food was good. The only critique I have for this venue, is that the happy hour prices can only be received if you're sitting at the bar. So, if you sit at the sushi bar, you can't have saki bombs unless you physically order them from the bar. The California Roll on happy hour can only be ordered from the bar as well. Doesn't seem like one hand is talking to the other!Overall a great experience and will make sure to go back again real soon!
3	I've been coming here for awhile. Not sure why but my family seems to like this place because of the combination dinners. For these Combo dinners, they allow you to pick and choose multiple entrees. Anyways, we walked in on a Saturday night and there were a few people at the sushi bar but no one was in the dinning room. By the time we left there were only two other tables with no more customers at the sushi bar. Wow. Why? I can guess its the customer service. Our serve got our drinks pretty quickly. Remember no one is in this place. We asked for some time to look over the menu and we were done after a few minutes but the server never recognized it. Had to wait a good 10-15 minutes before she realized it. I ordered the BBQ Short Ribs. It came with a little salad and Miso soup. Salad and soup were very good. They gave me about 10 ribs with rice on the side. I have to say the ribs were really good. Tender and cooked just right. I enjoyed them. My wife and daughter ordered the Combo dinner with teriyaki chicken and mixed tempura. Chicken was very moist and good. Only problem is they forgot my wife's shrimp tempura. Wasn't too happy. My son got the combo of chicken and beef teriyaki which looked good and he was happy with it. We also had the Cardinals, Dragon, and Shrimp Tempura rolls. All the food was very good but the service was poor. It seemed like the server wasn't happy to be there. Didn't have any emotion. Just went through the motions of taking our order and filling our cups. I'm usually not this harsh on servers but she just seem very uninterested.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place! Best ive had in phx since moving here! The sushi is fresh and doesn't have that fishy smell or taste. Love the friendliness of the staff and the family atmosphere! Whenever my family or friends visit I always take them here and they love it! Try the golden California, asu roll and veggie udon soup and for dessert the fried ice cream!! It's pretty interesting!!
4	Decided to stop in here on a whim.  It was a Friday around 5pm and we were hoping for happy hour (dock a star for regular price menu).That being said, we sat at the sushi bar and had the pleasure of being served by Richard, the owner.  Super nice guy who chatted us up and sent a few surprises our way.  Have you ever tried fresh wasabi? Mmmmm.I can't remember exactly which rolls we ordered but... the fish tastes like it recently came out of an ocean (quite a feat for Phoenix), and I have officially been turned an eel fan.  Richard cares about his little business, and it shows.  Happy Hour(s) are being modified soon, so that fifth star may just find its way... with the help of some sake bombs, of course.
4	By far the BEST sushi EVER, always fresh, friendly and a great atmosphere. It's my go to spot.
5	The most underrated sushi place in the area. I love this place. It is great for a casual lunch or dinner. Great sushi. The sashimi salad is fantastic.  Richard makes you feel like you are at home. It is one of the only restaurants that focuses on making a connection with its patrons.
4	Always great to come back and have some sushi at sushi eye. Doesn't look like Richard is making the sushi like he used to...damn. All in all I would say my favorite rolls is the lion king roll and the second climax roll.
5	Oh man, why haven't I tried this place any sooner?! The rolls here are as good as my favorite places in Cali. The sauces weren't too overpowering, there was just enough rice,  the sashimi was thick and fresh *melt in your mouth* quality. I would say the price is about average or slightly higher than other places, but for the quality and creativity of the food, I think it's so worth it. We ordered 6 rolls that came out to about $80 (not including tips). The chef was a chill guy and our waitress was very attentive. Also like the vibe here because they play a lot of edm. Good music, good food, good service. I will definitely be coming back!
1	Awkward service. Food tastes nasty. Hardly felt like A/C was on in the middle of a Phoenix summer's day.
4	Been going here since the Elliot location.   Last night's ASU, Elliot and Second Climax were delicious!  Be sure to ask for fresh wasabi!  The lunch specials are also really good!
5	Gonna keep it short and sweet here.Pros: Best sushi I have had in ANY Phoenix location. Been here 3 times, always great quality. You don't even need to dip them in soy or use ginger.Tuna Jalapeno poppers are out of this world. Spicy tuna salad (forgot the name) was terrific!Cons: Prices are on the steep side but the sauces they use don't make themselves... Place is pretty quiet. Went there for lunch and it was packed, came back for dinner a few weeks later on a Saturday at 6:15 and was literally one of 2 tables there... not like I need it to be crowded but what's with that? Finally, the Beef Udon Soup was horrible but its called Sushi Eye not Udon Eye so don't order a hamburger from a hot dog stand and you won't be disappointed right?.
3	I went to sushi eye for lunch today, and it was A-OK, not awesome. The restaurant has a great vibe, and a great looking bar. The staff is very professional and friendly. I was just a bit disappointed in the food. The flavor for each item (I got a combo with soup, salad, salmon teriyaki, Cali roll & tempura) was just lacking. I found myself using extra soy sauce on items I would usually not use any sauce on. Definitely not bad, but I would pay more for a higher quality of food
5	Best sushi place in the area in my opinion. Great selection and the don't skimp of the size of the fish in the rolls like some places do. The wait staff is awesome too. We go here regularly and there is never a wait.
5	Very tasty food! Service was quick and accurate.My wife had one of the combos with chicken teriyaki and I had a dragon roll and a California roll. We also tried the pork gyoza and those had a nice acidity. Overall pretty good place to eat try it!
5	Best sushi place I've been to in Arizona! Don't tell me I don't know what good sushi is being from Southern California! The sushi chef/owner (Richard) is great and very accommodating. I'm so glad I discovered this place. Beats me why this place isn't more crowded... I guess I can say thanks for people not keeping it busy so I get my food quicker. If you haven't tried this place yet definitely stop by and check it out!
5	Sushi restaurants are very hit and miss but this place is a direct "HIT". The owner is the head sushi chef and makes every guest feel like they are apart of the family. Become a frequent visitor and get your own personal chop sticks with your name on them prepared for you each time you visit. I love to get the golden California and a special J roll that is not on the menu. The worse part about sushi is it can taste very fishy but the head chef has mastered the art of sushi making masking the taste to be delightful.Grade A!!!!!
