5	For those of you who just like your facts/ info short and sweet, here you go:-It is a locally owned (family owned too) & operated cafe!-Located in Ahwatukee (...imagine that!...of all places;-)-Offers a truly magnificent selection a FRESHLY made items: tea, fresh squeezed juice, coffee, brkfst foods, lunch items, ("healthy"/wholesome) treats / desserts, and so very much more...-Very reasonably priced items-Great helpful, energentic & informative staff!   -You DON'T just have to be a "healthnut" to eat here (which it's certainly okay if you are...BUT It's a great place to hangout for tea, coffee & "people watching" too!)- Free wi-fi (yeah-true- Starbux has it, everyone pretty much does - BUT Pomegranate is way superior overall in every aspect!)-For more info see their website at: www.pomegranatecafe.com  - especially for hours, location & menu!For those of you that need a little more info / aka a bigger -nudge- to be persuaded to try this great place...check out my long winded love letter -oh, I mean overview. I hope you find it to be honest, humorous & helpful:Pomegranate Cafe' is sincerely a WONDERFULLY delightful place!....& it is truly a DREAM COME TRUE! The the newly decorated window of this awesomely vibrant, yet quaint and cozy cafe reads 3 simply lovely words: *Local* Seasonal*Organic The day that I saw this sign I knew I was in love...or- that a small piece of heaven had quite literally landed in my "backyard" (-aka it's just a few blocks from my home! yippee!). I then sighed with an unmistakable sense of  "finally, a breath of "fresh air!"...in a world of lack luster fast, processed foods- a place I can go to be free from it all...close to home.A locally owned cafe of this high quality caliber (again they organic, seasonal and even some Live/Raw items), comfort and affordability I feel is very a rare thing...Not forgetting to mention that  this cafe is NOT located in Downtown/ Metro PHX...It located in Ahwatukee! It's right next to Trader Joe's on 38th & Chandler Blvd!   This place will be mos def. be my "hangout" from now on, whenever possible- until I either leave PHX, or pass into another life! I am only 30- so I hope that it isn't the latter! By the way, in jest- I told the owner, Cassie that if I could I would love to just sign over my paycheck to her, & I meant it! She would only have to share it with a few other fave places like Changing Hands Bookstore,Trader Joe's,W.Foods & Agritopia(& Joe' s BBQ), (& the local farmer's mkts.)! Well, since that isn't possible of course I will just have to continue to support this little awesome local business in any way I can!Which bring me to the last, but certainly not least... Mentioning of he cafe's {glorious} offerings! Seriously. I mean this...Sincerely superb!!!! Everything on the menu is so very fresh and equally fresh tasting! I would be hard pressed to think that anything you could ever order from Pomegranate to be any less than perfect & enjoyable! My very first visit, on their {soft} opening day- I had a severe cold and the nice young lady / staff made me an herbal tea called "Vitali-Tea." After that very 1st visit- I was truthfully dumbfounded and struck down by the very feeling of unadulterated *love* embodied by a physical place! I counted the days until I could make the time to visit again! My 2nd visit was actually just yesterday. I hadn't eaten anything in the morning, it was way past lunch & and I was extremely hungry! I was also very tired from a company mting- which was in freaking Peoria! (grrr!)- & as I passed by Phoenix's demure skyline (*i'm from NWI/ Chicagoland area*) my tummy & mind wandered through the "Roosevelt Row" area of metroPHX... However, I was drawn closer & closer to home in Ahwatukee, not just by the promise of sleep but also by the overwhelming desire to visit Pomegranate once again. I stepped in the Cafe' with a big appetite and little desire to spend a great deal of $...Pay day, bills and such...pending...a horrible concoction...So I decided on the quiche of the day which came w/ a (phenomenally fresh) house salad. I then splurged and opted for some energy in the form of a cup of fresh-squeezed juice drink called "Laughter." I broke out my net-book, sat down to eat....And my mouth was over taken by the fresh flavor of each individual item that I ordered as I ate it. Complete taste bud loveliness...and overload at the same time! I kid you not! I even had tea & dessert! I sat for at least over an hour, eating slowly enjoying eat bite. Computer screen blank. I just read the drink menu instead (...also i forgot my log-on password btw-lol!)..yet...I was still amazed as I throughly read through each drink description. The drink offerings / menu are the size of a "normal sized"/8x12 food menu. The mind blowing variations of teas, fresh squeezed juices & even elixirs on both front and back.  And that's just the drinks! The food is amazing!  "Love" awaits you too! ;-) Gottah go!  Sincerely, S.
4	Hooray for local and organic, and did I mention healthy and delicious! This place just opened in Ahwatukee, and I am super excited. I just tried their "courage" juice  and it is so delicious. I think it has made my afternoon. The place has an awesome atmosphere and philosophy- all green, all local, and all organic. It couldn't be fresher - they were unloading containers of produce as I got there. Plus the staff is super friendly. I can't wait to try breakfast or lunch here the menu looks great, and I will definitely update on  the food as soon as I get to try it!
5	I just heard about this place from my hairdresser today, and made a beeline for it. Let me just say it was wonderful. The people were extremely friendly and helpful, the food was OUTSTANDING, the ambiance was warm and inviting. They also had a huge selection of teas and coffee's. Their signature pomegranate tea is homemade by the owner with agave. Super yummy! I HIGHLY recommend this little gem to the veggie and non-veggies out there! Yum, Yum!
4	Prices had increased a little, from when they first opened.  But the shakes and juice mixes are really fresh and tasty.  The guy behind the counter, the manager I think would make interesting concoctions, they made something called morning dew one afternoon, with like mint leaves and some other ingredients that was left to bake in the sun.  I had a slice of their really nice pomegranate chocolate cake and it made my day :)  Its next to Trader's Joe and is near the Ahwatukee area, so it attracts a nice variety of people, ranging from young sporty types, to family spillover from shopping from trader joe's, to groups of friends catching up.I don't know how good the food is, but most of the people who came seem to like it.  I think if you are looking for a nice play to chill and have a cold refreshing juice or shake and catch up, this would be a nice place to go.
4	I've been waiting for this place to open and finally got my chance to visit it this morning.  In fact I'm sitting in it right now.  The name attracted my attention.  I'm all for Pomegranate anything (When pomegranates are in season, I generally eat 2-3 a day..yummy)  I'm having their Compassion (one of my fav words) juice...Fresh organic beet, orange, ginger and carrot juice, freshly squeezed...The glass is a deep red luscious looking juice with a slice of lemon riding shotgun.  Very tasty... Come and get one!  The rest of the menu looks very interesting as well.  A fresh beet, baby arugula and goat cheese salad sounds like it belongs in my belly.  Soup of the day is a creamy carrot and parsnip.. I just had my steel cut oats with goji berrys, ground flax seed, almonds, raw cacao nibs and mila at home.. If it wasn't for that, I'd been grubbin' some of this grub!  I mean.. are you getting hungry yet!  I know you hate visiting Ahwafakee but if you find yourself in my part of town for any reason.. drop in on this place.   This one's a keeper!
4	I am so excited for this place! I was just talking with Brady K. about how the Valley needs more breakfast/lunch cafes with character, and for sure Pomegranate Cafe delivers.  They have an extensive juice and smoothie menu, a plethora of unique teas, and ubber yummy breakfast, lunch and confection options.  Best of all, they use local, organic produce from the farms at South Mountain, and make all items on premises...including their almond milk!  Seriously, I love it!  Make sure to say hi to Matt when you go in.  He manages the joint, as well as bakes and makes the almond milk.  Best of all, he is great with names and conversation, so you will feel like you are old friends and you have been going there for years even though it just opened about 6 weeks ago.  For this visit, I had the white peony tea, which has a very delicate flavor and an essence of apples.  Brady K. ordered the Wild Western Tacos, and oh, my, God!  they looked awesome.  Huge portion.  Two stuffed to capacity spinach tortillas with scrambled eggs (or tofu is an option), zucchini, avocado, heirloom tomatoes, sharp cheddar.  Pomegranate Cafe offers good home cooking taken to the next level.  Imagine you had a professional kitchen with all the goodies and could just get nuts with ingredients and creativity.  It's kinda like that.  The kind of food people make because they would actually eat it, not because it's a job.  I can't say enough about this place.  Also, all drinks ordered to stay come with a yummy little cookie.  It's the little things that make a place great!  Today's cookie was an almond cookie made with maple syrup and the almond pulp left over from the latest batch of almond milk.  When I asked Matt if he had culinary training, he just said, "I like to do stuff."  Simple answer, and the awesomeness of his enthusiasm to create is apparent in everything we experienced about this place.  I can't wait to go back!
4	So far I've only been to this place one time but it was pretty awesome. I had a caramel latte and it was the best latte I've ever had. This place makes their OWN CARAMEL!  Heck yeah! The coffee guy was super friendly and remembered the friend I was with and everyone else who worked there was also very friendly. Go check this place out!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  Read great reviews, and headed down for breakfast.  Nice location next to Trader Joes.  Noticed the menu only had 4 options for breakfast, and as I am a picky eater, only 1 appealed to me.  Guess the menu changes every week depending on what is fresh.  I ordered pankcakes, my fiance ordered breakfast tacos, we both got cappuccinos.  Sat at a rickety table next to dirty veggies in a loud deli case, and drank our espresso drinks, noticing they were HORRIBLE.  Tasted burnt.  Then the food was ready.  OOPS.  Only the tacos were ready, and I had to wait ofr pankcakes.  after a few minutes, I got my pancakes.  My fiance said his tacos were only ok, nothing special.  The pancakes were served with thawed frozen blueberries, odd for such a "fresh" oriented place, as well as COLD syrup.  No butter or even the OPTION of asking for butter.  They tasted like cardboard, no flavor at all.  Terrible.  After choking down 1 pancake, finishing my burnt cappuccino, we bussed our own table, not a problem, except the garbage was overflowing, and no one helped us.  We balanced our trash on the pile, and left.  We will not go back.
3	Quite a while back I found out Pomegranate Cafe was coming to Ahwatukee and I was pretty stoked being that there really isn't much in the way of vegetarian fare around here. I joined the mailing list and anxiously anticipated their opening.Well, I never got any kind of notification that they opened, which seems weird, but whatevs. I ended up stumbling across PC on the way to Star of India for lunch the other day and I was stoked! Finally! I popped in asking for a to-go menu.. but they didn't have one. Oh, okay, well.. is your menu online? "nope, everything is seasonal so we don't update." hmmmm.... Okay, maybe I'll check back after lunch.So we pop back in to grab a coffee after some Indian grub. The menu looks good and they have vegan pastries. Right on. I'll go with the soy coconut latte and Dally G. went with some iced spicy chai tea thing. Well, we waited 12 minutes to get our drinks, even though there were only two other customers there, and what a disappointment. My latte was so bland and his tea was just... wrong.I wasn't pleased with the actual place (weird setup... and incredibly uninviting), neither of our drinks tasted good, the wait was excessive, and it was definitely up there cost wise.PC - I unfortunately think you are striking out. Hopefully there are enough self conscious soccer mom's in Ahwatukee to keep you going because I love the idea, it just falls flat.Sorry!
2	This review is a two with a burning desire for five...I want this place to succeed like I want a million bucks. I have never operated a food-providing establishment but I suspect it's quite difficult. But I've consumed a lot of food and beverage. My recommendation to this sweet little Pomegranate Cafe is don't skimp on the ingredients. I haven't eaten there but I had a spicy chai. One of my favorite places in town is called Sens and they have a drink called the Hot and Dirty. This drink takes a sledge hammer and hits you in the chest. Then it spits on you and its friends are dragging him away because they hear cop sirens in the distance. I don't even know if I like the taste or not but the experience is so powerful it is literally "an experience" to drink it. The way you described your drink and the way it came to me was abortive. I mean that in a "trying to be helpful way." Sincerely. Punch me in the face with this supposed spicy cayenne. I know, you said it's a hint. But I'm a man. Subtly is dust in the wind. Be better. I'll be back. Please try this place. I want it to win. One final thing. Get new lids IMMEDIATELY. First sip soaked me and my freshly dry-cleaned shirt.
4	I love the food.  Really it is good but.... you better be relaxed when you go there because it will not be fast.  They do have a menu now so that is good.  The drinks are expensive but I had the Hibiscus Cooler and it was awesome.  Try it, you'll feel healthy for the rest of the day.
5	So far I've only had their fresh juices and the black bean quinoa salad but everything was excellent! It did take a little while to get my order but it's called the slow food movement for a reason.
5	I love this place!  I noticed a lot of people there and wondered if it was worth the trip.  I wasn't disappointed.  On the day I went, I had a vegieburger and it was really good, came with a salad and blue chips. I brought half of it home and had the other half for dinner.  I also ordered a drink that was cherry and chocolate (delicious).  I am a big fan and would go more but it is a little expensive.  Also took a slice of the chocolate pomegranate cake (their signature dish) and it was really outstanding.  I shall return!
4	Had lunch here for the first time and was pleased to know that everything is organic and vegan unless you choose to add dairy or eggs to the meal. I ordered the Smokey Tempeh B.L. T. (see pics) First of all the portion was HUGE! Generous helping of Exotic Veggie Chips and a side salad along with a sprinkling of cherries Plus this Amazing Sandwich. I do mean it was AAAMMAZIIIING!! Seriously, the Tempeh Bacon was practically like tender BBQ Beef Brisket, it was quite a magical moment for my taste buds. My salad came with a side of Living Caesar dressing, which is all raw vegan ingredients, it was a little spicy for my taste so I asked for the Pomegranate vinaigrette, YUM! Sweet, Tangy and a little zing from some fresh mint it was much more to my liking. I'm just ecstatic that there is something so Veganly Delicious ( it's my review so I will make up words if I want to)) so close to home. 4 stars for now, until I try more items, but that sandwich was so 5 stars!
5	Okay, if you actually like the taste of good whole foods and fresh ingredients this place is an Oasis of goodness. If your looking for a place that says they make natural foods but uses 2nd rate ingredients and comes up with recipes to hide the fact by using spices to cover it up your better off going somewhere else.My family took me here when we were visiting, and it is wonderful. I had the Pesto Presto sandwich and it was divine! I also tried my family's strawberry fields salad and Arizona rolls. They were all really good. The vegetables were fresh and high quality and the price for the portion and quality was a good price.I was amazed that they had a couple of options for people on the raw foods diet. The juices are different, but surprisingly refreshing.This place is a great example that eating well and health can be tasty and satisfying.
5	I am so happy I now do not have to drive all the way to Tempe or downtown Phoenix to find a place which has healthy food to support my dietary needs. This place is awesome!  They are just coming out of their newbie stage so give them a chance as they are getting busy and also still learning like a new place should. But truly this place is a winner, great food, and wonderful herbal teas and smoothies. They also have raw food amazing cakes, and gluten free choices. Give it a try....it is not fast food so be patient and enjoy!Hope they keep the same familiar faces as regulars  like to see familar employees.Susan~ Awatukee Resident
4	Had a late breakfast with a friend here and we both ordered the egg & cheese on toast with fruit.  First thought was looks like it could use some sauce...wrong!  It was delish as is.  The cheese was toasted and bubbly on some yummy bread that held it's own.The owner has it decorated very simply and comfortable. You can also catch her behind the counter working on some delicious dessert.  Loved the friendly staff and clean appearance.  My only suggestion would be some real plates and a better napkins to complete the eco-friendly feel.Thanks Pom!
5	Contradiction:A vegan joint in Tukee?Flavorful AND Healthy?Good for you AND fills you up?Healthy pastries and desserts?Yup. A locally owned restaurant in the middle of a strip mall that looks pro enough that it could be a franchise. But its comfy and calming. Everyone was friendly and helpful and it was nice to see the owner working behind the counter with her troops. The food: This vegan had the breakfast burritos AND the Philly sandwich. Affordable -- about $10 per dish. Great drinks with juiced veggies and fruits. I had the cucumber celery apple drink called the Refresher. I had the tofu and vegan cheese in my burro which was great. The bread on my Philly was the right texture and everything flavorfully complimented each other. The dishes are creative and unique -- so much more than salads. She had the french toast with berry compote and real maple syrup and it was all gone pretty quick. Her Adventure drink was very yummy as well. The vegan chocolate chip cookies were a great way to wrap up the brunch. I am definitely coming back here again and again. They've only been open since the beginning of the year. They want to expand to organic wines and dinner times. I'm looking forward to that.
4	We are not vegans or vegetarians, but enjoy all kinds of food!  We have wanted to stop in for several months now and just found the opportunity. Nice atmosphere, but the tables were a bit crowded together. We were the only patrons in a Tuesday at 10:00am.We enjoyed the Lumberjack sandwich with egg & cheddar cheese, Maple Granola w/vanilla yogurt and a kid's bagel with avocado, lettuce and hummus. Pomegranate soda and two coffees to wash it all down.  Everything was fresh and flavorful!The price was right on for such quality ingredients. We'll definitely be back to try more great items! Maybe take a dessert or two home.
5	Came here on a Sunday morning for brunch with a friend.  I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it featured on Phoenix Mag.  EVERYTHING looked and sounded incredible. I probably took 30 mins to finally decide what to get.  Ended up getting the tofu scramble served with summer veggies, vegan chedder cheese, fruit and buttered toast.  Devoured the whole dish! So tasty!!!!! Large portions, very healthy and all homemade.  Can't get any better than that. The food was so fresh and tasted amazing--great seasoning!  The best part is that Pomegranate Cafe is a daughter/mother/grandma team. How cute is that?! I can't wait to go back and try their lunch menu.  The dessert case also left me drooling.** In regards to complaints on here about the service, I did not experience any problems.  Food did not take too long and came out hot and steamy.Definitely try this place. You will not be disappointed!
4	Love this place.  Local, organic, vegetarian/vegan.  The food is a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for here.  You can tell that they put in the time to make each dish an experience.  My favorite item thus far is the Smoking Tempeh BLT.  It comes with a great salad, that would suffice as a meal on its own.  But the sandwich was fantastic.  I thought about it the rest of the day.The Arizona Roll is another great item.  It's Nori seaweed stuffed with almond spread and a mix of vegetables.  The almond spread is especially delicious.  The roll is served like sushi, with soy sauce and wasabi.The loose leafs teas here are really good too, as are the fresh juices.
5	my wife was excited to read about this place. surprisingly the place had been open since February, but we had hand't heard of it until this last week.awesome little vegan, raw, healthy food cafe.chatted to the owner for some time - discussed vegan cheese cake recipes  and swooped notes. very knowledgeable lady owner and very friendly staff, nice selection of drinks, snacks and main courses.the salad my wife ordered was rather large and very tasty, but couldn't be finished.I had the rice, black beans, guacamole and mixed veggies bowl - yummy.
5	I was wondering when someone would catch onto the fact that we needed a good, wholesome, health food restaurant out here in Ahwatukee!  So many flavorful options on the menu (including delicious smoothies!), which is impressive considering the vegetarian/vegan push.  Prices are reasonable for what a great quality of food you get and the service is always friendly and knowledgeable.  Thank you Pomegranate!
4	I have now been to Pom Cafe maybe 4-5 times.  There are numerous interesting dishes on the menu, and most of the dishes are heaping with food, so the prices are not that bad.  The veggies are fresh and delicious, and I love the hummus.  I've also ordered some of the rice and tofu and was impressed, although it could have been a bit more spicy.  I've ordered the hummus with bagel that also comes with veggie chips - very filling and tasty.  I need to branch out and order more things the next times I visit.  One of my friends is picky and vegan, and she now frequents this place quite often.  I recently ordered a salad with kale, and whatever the dressing that was on the kale was the most delicious dressing I have tasted in a while!  I have also ordered a veggie wrap with the "cheese" made from nuts (I think).  It was deliciously flavorful and interesting. The flax crackers that came with it weren't really enough, maybe 25 kcal worth. I also have tried their sweet stuff, and the homemade granola bars and cheesecake bites are fresh and tasty. The staff members are always friendly and happy to chat for a few minutes when picking up orders or trays. There are a few things that could make the place even better.  If it's busy, be prepared to wait for a while for the food.  Sometimes the portions are big and then sometimes they are small. I was expecting a deliciously large veggie plate like last time (normal size plate) but instead got a cake-sized plate with maybe 1/2 cup veggies  and hummus.  Also, some items are pre-mixed, and peppers make me rather sick. I have to pick them out or order something else.  Sometimes, or often, things are forgotten in an order, so make sure to check before leaving. Pomengranate has expanded the menu since my review in August or whenever, and they now have dinner. I noticed on Facebook that they have pet happy hour, which is cool for people who have dogs.
4	What a great addition to the list of Ahwatukee food options!  I've been to Pomegranate Cafe a few times now and have left happy each time.  Perfect for that pre-grocery shopping (at Trader Joe's, next door) meal so that you don't go starving and buy WAY too much food.As the slogan states, and everyone else has mentioned, Pom Cafe is "indulgently healthy."  Fresh, organic, vegan, even raw food options.  Breakfast and lunch, juices, teas, elixirs, espresso, and baked goods.Walking in, the atmosphere is calm and relaxed.  Walk up to the counter, check out the chalkboard for the specials and browse a paper menu for the rest.  Place your order at the counter and try not to be tempted by all of the delicious looking desserts calling your name.  Sit down at a table and they'll bring you your food.  If you feel like helping out and clearing your table, great!  There is a busing station on the back wall.  Or leave your dishes there and they will clear it for you.The staff is friendly and energetic; you can tell they enjoy working there and giving you fresh healthy food and drinks.  I have tried a few different menu items and it addition to enjoying good tasting, healthy, vegan food, the portion sizes are quite generous and very reasonably priced.  I have left very satisfied stomach (meaning, I'm full) but not that heavy "oh-no-what-did-I-just-eat" feeling in my belly and my conscience.Feel good and taste good healthful food!
4	This cafe is 100% vegetarian, with the vegan option available on every menu item.  From past experiences with veggie restaurants in Phoenix, this kind of classification would probably make me less eager to try the place......  which is why I'm happy that the chef/owner instead chose to focus on the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients -- vegetarianism is more of an afterthought.  So we decided to try it yesterday for lunch.To start, Pomegranate offers a wonderful selection of teas, coffees, and various juice/smoothie options.  I wanted something cool and caffeinated, so I ordered the toddy, which features my favorite local roaster's beans -- Cartel.  My wife order a peach iced tea.  Very good, but if memory serves correctly, you won't find any drink options for less than $2.00 or so.Then onto the main course.  I ordered the veggie burger, which is made from a sprouted tofu, served on a sprouted spelt bun, and garnished with cheddar cheese (or vegan cheese if you prefer), avocado, tomato, and a little tiny dollop of miso mayonnaise.  It also comes with a catch-all selection of sides: salad, tortilla chips, fruit slices, and a pickle.  $10 or so.....Here's my take on the burger:The spelt bun was better than any other spelt bun/bread that I've ever had before.  This was perhaps the second most notable part of this burger.  The most notable was the patty itself, which had a nice mellow nutty flavor -- not trying too hard to be be fake beef and not overpowering in soy flavor.  It was actually one of my favorite veggie burgers ever.  But here's my beef with the preparation: too skimpy on the rich, fatty stuff.  There was a very thin slice of cheese and almost nothing of the single condiment provided, which the menu told me was a miso mayo.  Thanks to the avocado, it was still a little rich, but not the kind of juicy decadence that I've always felt characterizes a great burger.  And seriously, I would have liked to have tasted the miso mayonnaise, but instead added my salad dressing to the burger to make it less dry, and this basically obscured whatever taste the mayo may have offered.The salad was just fine, garnished with what seemed like a raw berry dressing of some sort.  I had no idea that the white stuff in the plastic cup was also for the salad (apparently a living caesar dressing), until the meal was almost over.  I thought it was my mayonnaise for the burger.  Next time, I'll try to get it right and see how the salad tastes with both dressings.We also tried the hummus, mainly because it's the perfect baby-appropriate snack for my son to sling all over the restaurant (the remarkably polite staff was also quite pleasant about bringing in a messy toddler, by the way, which is a plus).  The hummus was actually quite tasty, but somehow not in a "traditional" way.  It seemed a little crisper and fresher than most hummus I've had, which was a nice complement to the fresh veggies served with it.  My only additional request for the hummus is that perhaps the restaurant could throw in a few tortilla chips as well?My wife tried the vegan BLT, made with a tempeh-based bacon.  It must have been tasty, because this is one of the first times I've missed my opportunity to try a bite of her dish.  She literally devoured it and then criticized me for nitpicking at the veggie burger's preparation.  I'm pretty sure she'd give this place a 5-star rating, and she may convince me to do the same on our return visit with the in-laws, who have been looking for a place like this.Oh, one final note.  I spoke with the chef/owner after our meal, to offer our compliments and inquire about the cuisine and the marketplace, etc.  She mentioned something that should be readily apparent to most foodies, which is that the key to providing tasty veggie options is to go with a macrobiotic whole food focus -- this approach de-emphasizes the constraints and instead focuses on building a good meal from quality ingredients.  Well done, chef.
5	This is the best food I have had in a while, so good!  I had the BLT with veggie bacon and it was awesome and totally satisfying.  My son had the humus and veggies, which he loved.  My husband and mother in law had the vegie burger, which they did not rave about, but said that it was ok.  It is a very cheery interior and we saw some other families come in and dine as well (always good to find more child-friendly places).  This place is truly a gem, will definitely be back!
5	I'm in love! Their brunch options are fabulous for vegans (yay for me!) and omnivores (yay for most people I take with me!). I am crazy about the Lumberjack breakfast sandwich with tofu and vegan cheese, their breakfast burrito is amazing and kept me full all day. I try to get there once a week at least and always treat myself to one of their yummy vegan desserts. The raw cheesecake is to die for, their cupcakes are fantastic (I even got some from their wonderful pastry chef for my birthday and they were a HUGE hit with friends). I can't recommend them enough!
4	We've been here twice for breakfast. What I love most about this place is that it is 100% Vegetarian with almost everything on the menu having the ability to be made vegan by replacing things like cheese and sour cream with a vegan option (I've never been anywhere that actually offered vegan sour cream so that was exciting!). The first time I tried the Lumber Jack - it was okay, but I think the texture of the tempeh bacon is what threw me off. I also tried their cowgirl cookie the first time and it's phenomenal! ALL of their baked goods are vegan (and some are raw/vegan). The second time we went I had their breakfast burrito w/ vegan cheese and vegan sour cream and it was excellent! Also, the teas they serve are amazing. I suggest the white peony - perfect, lightly fruity, breakfast tea. We will be back to try lunch!
5	Great place and it keeps getting better. Their coffee is totally awesome (comes from coffee cartel, how could it not be?) and the menu/food choices keep getting better and better. We love to go for breakfast and get tofu scrambles.  Their vegan desserts are really incredible too. We love this place!  So great to find a vegetarian restaurant of this quality.
2	I really wanted to like Pomegranate Cafe-- there are so few family-owned and family-run restaurants in Ahwatukee, and I can't even think of another exclusively vegetarian/vegan restaurant in the area. However, I'm not going to sugarcoat this at all: the atmosphere and the service are severely lacking, and the food is overpriced. For starters, there are not nearly enough tables, and for some reason, whoever designed the place chose to use a bunch of six seater tables instead of the standard four, so you end up with two or three people at a giant table and a waste of space. The space feels small, cramped, and stressful, especially during lunchtime hours. Furthermore, I was standing in a HUGE line of people waiting to order my lunch, and instead of helping expedite the process, one of the owners was standing around chatting it up with a group of women. I then got to wait 30 or 35 minutes for my food. The food was okay, but I have definitely had better-- I had a Philly Melt, and it was $10.50 or something like that. It wasn't worth the price or the wait. If you want good vegetarian/vegan food and don't want to spend this much or deal with the cramped atmosphere, go to Green. If you don't mind spending this much and want a way better atmosphere, go to True Food. I don't think I will be visiting Pomegranate Cafe again.
5	After Matt's encouragement to return, and letting me know the pancackes I had were prepared, not according to recipe, I returned today.  And, so very glad I did!  He was working, and after a bit of discussion I decided on the "in season scramble".   He had me at "seasonal hash".  I opted for eggs, vegan cheese and requested a side of the salsa, as I do like eggs spiced up a bit it.   The whole grain toast perfect, not too seedy or bland.   The hash; a combination of roasted butternut squash, yukon potatoes and sweet potatoes forced me to devour every morsel.  The fresh squeezed orange juice reminded me to pull out my juicer, so worth the effort.  Marlene offered me a seasonal spice cookie.   Yeah, ate that as soon as I got home, Fall has arrived.   This family owned gem is in my neighborhood, I so want it to endure all the strip mall changes locally.  I will bring friends and family, one can pig-out and feel good about it.  Thank you Matt for the 2nd chance, everyone deserves one.  I look forward to many more healthy meals.  Congrats on making in the Top New Restaurants, of Phx. Magazine.  Quite an accomplishment, for the litte restaurant who does make big healthy meals, vegan or not.
5	Great restaurant concept!  The food was super healthy and very yummy... I'm coming back soon.
5	After a couple of visits and a strong hope for the start of a loyalty punch card program since I plan on returning for breakfast every weekend, I feel I can confidently give PomCafe 5 stars. The food and atmosphere satisfy everything I look for in a cute, neighborhood cafe that is trying to promote not only health but the idea that health tastes GREAT. The buckwheat english muffin has sent me on a frenzy to find a recipe and bake it myself at home because it was perfect for that lumberjack sammie. The raw collard wrap I had for lunch today was an unexpected slam dunk - hello almond cheese! And I second other reviewer's prop for the orange juice. I want to buy a juicer now.Answer your temptation at the raw bakery, trust me. Though the only semblance the raw donuts have of a real one is the shape, they still taste delicious. Chocolate cherry "cheese" cake? One of my co-diners actually had dessert for breakfast because it was too hard to pass up.So far I have found no reason to dock points. I will keep returning though with solid determination to get to the bottom of each plate in search of any hint of disappointment. I'm fairly certain I won't find it though.
5	We went here for lunch on Sunday.  We ordered a Buddha's Bowl and a Philly Melt. The portions were satisfying and delicious.  We'd definitely come back here again for brunch.
4	I was delightfully surprised with the Pomegranate Cafe.  I thought this was another coffee house, juice bar, but its so much more.  Organic, macrobiotic, gluten free vegetarian/vegan cuisine that tasted amazing.  I would have given it five stars for the Arizona Rolls alone, but my husband's chickenless caesar was just okay.  They are a tad expensive for a cafe lunch, but I will definitely return to try these tasty and healthy morsels.
4	QUICK AND HEALTHY, BUT I'M STILL HUNGRY :(The Pomegranate Cafe is a cheery place to have a quick light lunch - emphasis on light.  I was excited to see so many leafy greens in a lighted refrigerator case - these would be showcased in my lunch as I had the soup and salad combo.  The Ultimate "un-chicken" Ceaser Salad and a butternut squash and chickpea minestrone cup of soup had an wonderful variety of colors and textures to make my mouth sing - but after finishing, I admit that I was neither stuffed nor satisfied.  So I got a Larabar from the Trader Joe's next door.  Overall, I'd like to go again to try something else on the menu, but I'll definitely go on a day where I need or want to eat something light.
4	3.5 --Decided to try this place based on reviews. Was thinking it would be busy but when I walked in not too many people. I went to counter said it was my first visit gave me a menu. Lots of items on the menu. Opted for seasonal omelet, egg whites, cheese, hash, toast. They do offer vegan choices(vegan cheese, tofu). It took a bit to receive my coffee (served gentleman behind me first) and my meal. The plate was plentiful and very fresh. The hash were a potatoes, squash with rosemary. Different but good. The omelet was also fresh but not quite enough cheese. The veggies were squash, carrots (orange, yellow, purple). All in all, I would give this place another shot. Love the freshness...My meal was $14
2	Unfortunately I have to do a review update that is not good for Pom Cafe. I really, really wanted to enjoy this place the second time around and give them another shot, but I'm totally disappointed.First off, they got my order wrong and only sent one sandwich instead of the two I ordered. They just combined the two together. It didn't even make sense.Second, when my receptionist got there, they left out two items and had to call her back to come pick them up. By the time she went back and got the food they forgot to give her, everything arrived back at the office cold and the bread was soggy. The side of "crispy tofu" we ordered was not crispy at all. Overall everyone at the office thought their food was okay, but not great...  probably because everything arrived cold and limp... and for an $8.50 egg mc-muffin sandwich, I'm certainly hoping for better than okay.  I don't plan on going back. :-(
5	we need more places like this. whole, healthy foods, gluten free, vegan. yessssss! if you're looking for fries and gigantic, unhealthy portions, look elsewhere. the prices are in line with what you get, which is fresh, delicious, healthy, real food.
1	Pretty bad experience. The service is lacking, good luck getting what you ordered!All that healthy food must be rotting their brains!
4	This place is probably as close to a 5 star rating as it can be without being a 5 star. If you like raw, organic and natural food then this is a great mix of food choices with all sorts of flavors, delicious smoothies, teas, coffee and sundry other treats. Oh and don't forget to make them work behind the counter when you ask for 2 oz wheat grass shot. Love 'em! Yes, the prices are not cheap but well made food with honest to goodness good ingredients does not come cheap. You can eat cheap at fast food restaurants and we all know all to well what can happen in a paltry 30 days thanks to Mr. Spurlock. If you want to eat healthy and enjoy a tasty meal in the process I give Pomegranate Cafe a two thumbs up! Come on by and give them a shot. Of course I meant the wheat grass shot! :-)
4	Support the local non chain businesses. Great tea, coffee, breakfast & lunch options. Reasonable prices, expect a bit of a wait. Although this family run business just opened this year, it already has a great following. In the Trader Joe's plaza. Awesome salads!
5	This is my second review of this restaurant. The first time I went when they opened, I wasn't impressed with the food selections and slow service thus my first bad review. But overtime, they really have IMPROVED-they vamped up the menu and the service is MUCH better. So kudos to them! My favorites are Arizona Rolls and Living Caesar Salad as well as their smoothies and coffee! I am happy to say I go there once or twice/week-their vegan selections are delicious! I'm also glad that it is conveniently located in my area.
2	Hi everybody!This is a tough review for me because I shop at trader joes almost exclusively and my wife and I watched and waited for this restaurant to open. Granted it has been open for awhile it took us some time to get to it. I am not really sure it was open many times as we passed and were hungry. Finally we checked the menu and CHACHING!So we moved it to the top of the list for trying and we were excited to come. As we only eat out on shopping day. Maybe too much. As usual whenever we eat at any restaurant we asked our "vegan" questions. We were told that someone there was a vegan nazi and if it says vegan it is, and this is very good. I will say that i do trust that Pomegranate Cafe serves what they say they serve and the food was very high quality and very delicious. We shared the lentil burger ($12) that was on the menu board behind the counter. I really wanted to try the desserts but decided to wait till next time.Everything was going great and we waited patiently for our food. Granted it was busy so it took a little time and this also is ok. Here is where my problems begin. Bellieve me I do not want to give ANY business ANY time only 2 stars.  Trust me i just don't and i feel bad for doing so however, I did say on my profile that the reviews i do are very important to me. I am the kind of person who does not mince words and you will know where you stand with me. If i see something i do not like i will say so.  That being saidNow I will say that I have worked in the restaurant industry since i was 16. I have done every side job known to everyone who has set foot into a kitchen. (explained later) I have helped build business for many. Though I do not have any degrees or anything I have seen many meals being sent to customers in many differents ways, and styles. Some were good, some were bad, some were happy, some were mad. But they all ate and they either came back or they didn't. Currently I work in not one but two very popular digs. I work very hard to make sure my customers are happy, and i know how hard it is to work in a small family place. I worked at a local chinese restaurant for 6 years and barely got  a day off.Do not get me wrong there is nothing wrong with the food here. my issue is with one small thing or two. Why does a new business in the realm of Pomegranate (a higher class cafe which serves vegan food) charge a plate splitting fee which i believe was $2.00. Then give us our food on a paper plate. Please, this is ridiculous. We always split our food no matter where we go. It is pratically the only way you can stay healthy these days. Not to mention we believe that there was no more food for this charge. (for example: if there were more chips or pickles or fruit, then i do not have a problem with this fee. however I would say when asked to split. " OK, no problem, however there will be a $?.?? charge, and for that you will recieve ....) if i would have known this i would have gotten it to go and this review would be totally different. And in my humble opinion it is not a good idea to charge this fee in an uber difficult restaurant "genre".  Believe me there are lots of people like me who want food like this. Do not make it harder on yourself by adding on fees which really are not necessary! Are you not making enough money off of $0.25 worth of lentils?I also have to say that I had trouble choosing something to eat from the menu, because many things were scratched off. ???? Were they out of that item? I think the thing that bothered me about this was there were so many that i wanted to try but could not. I saw many that had promise, as I am a vegan nazi and i really was stoked to eat here. It is my kind of place almost to a t. Too bad that did not work out.Now for the side job part. While we waited for our food i noticed that this restaurants dining room was not very clean. the floor looked as if it had not been cleaned for a few days, the windows were very dirty, and the window sills were covered, and i mean covered in dust. Complete with cobwebs. From what i could tell the kitchen was clean. Here is how I see it. Please do not serve a $14.50 burger on a paper plate EVER! To me this says that the staff does not want to do dishes, If something is on your menu keep it there, when people find something they like they will come back no matter how much it costs if they know it will be there. Clean your dining room! it is uber, uber ,uber important that your customers see a clean dining room. it does not take that long and it will go very far impressing your customers, especially when you are first getting started. When a restaurant does not take the time to clean thier dining room they most likely are not cleaning thier kitchen as well. I hope this is not the case with Pomegranate because I really would like to try more food here. I only will know by stopping by again. Thank for reading. Late,Greg
5	We were really happy with our first visit to Pomegranate.We went in for Sunday breakfast, and were very piqued by the menu and everything else this place has to offer. It's almost too much to take in at first--as you glance around, you see lots of interesting stuff that could take a while to explore. The unique menu aside, they have many types of tea and a great selection of coffee. The best part of the menu is that everything is fresh, and most things are configurable with different options depending on whether you're vegan.I got the breakfast burrito, which is available with egg or tofu. I got tofu and the vegan cheese. I had a little moment with the cashier when I ordered coffee with cream. See, I'm not a vegan but I was trying the whole vegan experience to see how everything tastes. As soon as I said I wanted cream in my coffee, I realized the paradox and my folly. He kindly offered me vegan options and I chose soy cream after putting his mind at ease and letting him know I was just a vegan poseur. My wife got the french toast.Hey, at least I don't claim to be vegan and go around sneaking bacon whenever it suits me.Everything came out within a reasonable amount of time and was absolutely a home run. The burrito was so damned good that I considered eating the three beans I had dropped on the table. It came with fruit and a fresh pico de gallo type thing whose ingredients remain a mystery, but it was delicious.Some criticisms I've read in here are understandable, and in the end this place isn't for everyone. If it gets busy, I could see the food taking a while, but this is a place where everything is made from fresh ingredients. It would take me an hour at home to make the burrito I had this morning. All in all, I don't give out 5-star ratings often, but this place is deserving. If you want a fresh, delicious meal, whether you are vegan or not, and like a friendly, casual, non-pretentious atmosphere, check it out.
5	This place is amazing! I love the fresh, healthy food - thought it was delicious. And I have to say, I like all kinds of food - not just vegan/vegetarian. So props for that! The "donut holes" (don't be deceived by the name) are delicious and I loved their new "Island Drink" (green and fruit). I've had a TON of food from this place and always enjoyed it.Now, a note too the not to great reviews that i read. Everyone, of course, is intitled to his/her opinion. The prices are a little upwards of what you expect for a cafe, but the woman at the counter said that EVERYTHING is organic/local when they can. Which accounts for the cost, I believe. I like to support local goods/family owned.This is not fast food. Go here planning to spend a leisurely lunch/brunch. I also like to go during the off times, around 10am is usually good or for a snack at 3pm. So it's true that you have to work around a couple of things, but I love this place anyway. Who doesn't want to eat food with heart?
5	I happened upon the Cafe yesterday for the very first time.  Having newly found food intolerances, among them gluten, garlic, yeast, casein, dairy - I was very pleased to see the offerings on the menu  that met my needs.  I ordered the Buddha Bowl as a Wrap.  I was intrigued by the TEFF wrap, a nice alternative to corn and rice for us gluten-free folk!  It was incredible!  The food was very freshly prepared, flavorful, and above all "legal" for me!  The homemade veggie chips were tasty too!  I will look forward to returning there again soon!  Thank you, Pomegranate cafe!
1	I really really wanted to like this place.  A friend showed me flier she recieved and it had some new breakfast items.  I was so excited.  I was not impressed with the atmosphere.  We ordered at the counter.  The prices were very high for as casual as it was.  We waited a long time for our drinks. I have to say if you give me a cup of coffee I dont mind waiting for food.  Or at least offer some water.  It was pricey for a cup of coffee that never got refilled so it was starbucks like and not resturant style.  We got our food.  The french toast was great.  The egg sandwhich was just that a egg sandwhich for 8.50 and I had to buy 2 cookies and another cup of coffee cause I was still hungry.  The very worst thing was the crepes.  They were sooooo hard and the raspberry sauce ruined the fruit.  They gave me a free cookie when I told them about the crepe.  They also asked if they could make me something else but I was leaving after waiting for such a long time waiting for our food.  I don't mind waiting if the food is good.  Can I please get some apple sauce as a side or something.  I don't know.  I love small places like this with good healthy options but I want to eat and feel good after spending 40.00.  Pink spakler drink was good. For as many people they had working there was not alot of service and not alot of food.
4	My mom took me here for lunch the other day and I'm so excited to have found a new vegetarian/vegan/healthy place that is SCRUMPTIOUS.I had the BLT with the tempeh bacon and it was smokey, spicey, and so yummy. Best tempeh I've ever had. My mom got the Buddah bowl which I tried and it was also sooo yummy. For dessert I had the Lime Cheesecake and ooooohhhh myyyyyy it was heaven. Completely vegan too since they use cashews as the base.A lot of there menu items come with the option to be vegan or not.. which is nice if you're dining with non vegans.They had a lot of other things that looked yummy on the menu and I can't wait to go back and try them.
4	I found out about this place after the Sapna Cafe in Phoenix closed and the chef there came to work here. I am a vegetarian and am always on the lookout for restaurants that serve vegan options because I am always striving to eat more vegan than vegetarian. On top of that, finding a place I can get breakfast at has been a challenge. I was super excited to find out there was a place just like that near my house. I have been here a few times now. Three times for breakfast, and once for lunch. I will say, I LOVE their breakfasts. The vegan in season scramble is SO good. I love the bread they use for toast and the tofu is a really great flavor and texture. They also had a special once that was like a vegan version of huevos rancheros. So good. Soy chorizo, black beans, scrambled tofu. I wish they had that all of the time. The one time I had lunch here I was not too crazy about it. They were out of the thing I originally wanted, which sucked, so I ended up getting a burger. A little over priced if you ask me. For me and my husband we spent almost 30 bucks on two lunches, and no drinks. I understand organic costs more, but seriously. A lot of their food is way overpriced. My mom had a french toast special here once that was two slices of skinny french toast, a few blueberries, and some soy whip. 9 bucks. There was more food on my 8.5 dollar scramble plate than her 9 dollar french toast. Somebody needs to do some readjusting with the prices and they would probably end up making more money because I would come in here a hell of a lot more if it was more reasonable. All in all, really good healthy food, vegan and vegetarian, but the prices are way too steep for us to become regulars. I would love to, but its just not in the budget.
5	Delicious. Nice work, Pomegranate Cafe!
5	Went on a Sunday when Pomegranate had a freshly made Coconut Lime Cake.  I have discovered a new reason to live  :) mmmmm
3	Was really excited to try and was super disappointed.  I ordered the breakfast scramble which would of been wonderful if it hadn't been completely drenched in oil.  The staff also needs to learn how to smile and greet people.  I sometimes pop in for coffee after yoga.  Often standing there for five minutes just wishing someone would make eye contact, smile, and say hello. It's not very big or ever super busy so out of the 3-4 people working you would think one of them could look up and say hello.  Coffee is great though.  :)
5	What a fantastic breakfast! My husband and I were searching high and low in the Ahwatukee area for a good breakfast spot. We recently moved to the area and are not into the chain restaurants or fast food joints. Pomegranate Cafe fit the bill perfectly. Breakfast was healthful and delicious with lots of flavorful ingredients like avocado, kale, pesto and nuts. We had the Green Garden Protein Bowl and the Breakfast Burrito- they were both a huge hit. Cassie, one of the owners, was delightful and helpful as we were making our selections. The restaurant itself is colorful and cheerful. We will definitely keep the Pomegranate on our 'must eat there often list.'
2	So this is the first time I've downgraded a review this much!  My first time there was great, probably because the owners were cooking. But now that they have it off the ground a new chef was hired and it is not anywhere near what it used to be. Last time I went I got the "basic breakfast" which is really basic....totally bland and tasteless tofu scramble that looked like it was just oil/butter and tofu, nothing added for spice or flavor.  And not much of it either. And some soggy toast. My teeny tiny latte (yes, i did order a small, but this was miniscule) plus the basic breakfast was about TEN DOLLARS.  Man, did I feel cheated.  And I went back there after the last few times both my husband and I remarked on how it has gone down hill and we don't like it anymore, I kept coming back hoping it would improve.  It hasn't, and we wont be back.
3	Bland food, 3 of the 5 of us agreed across our variety of pasta, protein bowl, and tofu hash scramble.  They reached for salt; I ate a few bites of my scramble, concentrated on the Cartel coffee instead, and enjoyed the lunch group's conversation.Great concept, place is definitely busy and popular w/ the Ahwahtukee those-who-lunch crowd.  Friendly service, while bussing the tables.Finished the scramble the next day, with a good dose of chipotle sauce just to give it some oomph.
3	I had really high hopes for this place. I am very into raw/vegan food and was excited to see that they served fresh food that suited my palate. I went this week with my son and friend and the bill was close to $35. For a small serving of food I was really surprised at the price they charged. In fact, I had a juice a two sides in order not to spend $10 on kale. The juice I had (kale, coconut water, berries, etc) was really good. The portion size was nice and I noticed that they had other really good veggie/fruit combos. I think that if you are into juice and have money to burn then this should be your go to place. As I mentioned before, I chose to have sides to avoid their high plate prices. The pasta salad was pretty bad. The beet salad was also very bad. The beets were cooked, which I didn't expect and there was no dressing on the salad. It was just really bland and not at all what I expected. My son had a quesadilla and it was really small. They gave him a few carrots and half a cookie which made the $4 price tag ok. I nibbled on all of these and was totally unimpressed. No thought goes into the kids meals apparently. He gulped half of my juice, which was good. My friend had a falafel and a potatoes that were served with a pomegranate bbq sauce. I only tasted the potatoes and sauce and it was actually quite good. After lunch I bought some macaroons and donut holes (all raw) out of the deli case and they were ok. I liked them but they didn't wow me. I think that you should try this restaurant out for yourself. I really hope that your experience is better than mine. I really, really want to give this place a 5. In fact, I was hesitant to write this review just because I want them to succeed. I don't this can happen if they don't improve their menu and pricing. I will not return to pay $35 for mediocre food. It pains me to say this, but my first visit will be my last visit.
5	I love this place. Sadly my family does not so I either need to eat alone or do takeout. The hummos is unique and light...I had a salad with what I think was cold quinoa. This opened the wonderful world of quinoa to me. I love the pommegranite on the salad. So perfect. And the pesto was nummy as well. I had a gift certificate the first time I web here. It was from a silent auction at our church. Subsequent visits made me realize the cost prohibitive nature of this wonderful cafe. If I win the lotto I will visit this restaurant weekly. Really wish they had some coupons or discount dates or frequent visitor program.
5	A truly excellent place!  The food is great & the staff is amazing.  I don't love everything on the menu, but love many more items to make this place a 5-star rating.  If you get lucky you may get to have the raw lasagna that is a special only... it's amazing!
4	Pom is great at making healthy food taste truly delicious and satisfying. I'm not vegetarian but I appreciate having this little gem in the neighborhood! I had the Green Protein Bowl which was full of fresh veggies perfectly prepared and had this delicious basil-macadamia creamy sauce that tops this egg/veggie dish off perfectly! The portions are generous which justifies the price. They aren't really ready for business until 9.  When we got there they didn't have the daily specials up and were getting all their deliveries which cluttered up the whole front area, but I'll put up with that for the quality of food they put out.The small cafe is clean, friendly and I love the display of the fresh fruits and veggies.  Their coffee is delicious too!Good job Pom!
4	This is a great "health nut" restaurant. The food is high-quality and tasty. They have a couple of raw entrees on their menu as well as vegetarian dishes. The place is busy, so their food is always fresh due to the quick turn-over of food. The  food is high-quality, so I would say the prices are fair. Anyone who shops at Whole Foods can appreciate the cost that went into this food.
4	I've been a raw vegan for over 4 years. I am also a raw vegan chef and teacher. It sure is nice to have a place to go that makes raw vegan food as good as mine and I get the day off from preparing!!!Everyone needs to try this place at least once! The food is so outstanding that when I arrived at 2pm they were already out of the daily special....raw vegan manicotti! I was bummed but the Raw Tacos and "Arizona" rolls (like the sushi California rolls but vegan) were awesome. For dessert I had Tiramisu and Almond joy bar.....of course raw vegan!Now for them to open a store up by Desert Ridge Mall so I can eat there more. It was definitely worth the drive though!! I'll be back soon!!
3	I will try this again.  The interesting food on the menu excited me, but the actually food was disappointing.  I tried the kale salad and it was mediocre.  I tried my friend's BLT and it was good.  I will try again, but my first experience wasn't the greatest.
4	12/15/10Cool bright, happy colors w/ a hippy-chic atmosphere.  Enticing-looking natural "treats" everywhere you look- cupcakes, brownies, cookies, energy bars, and fruits.  There seemed to be only one cook and one cashier/helper that day of my first and only visit (so far!), both eager to be of help w/ my questions on the ingredients of their fare.  The coffee, though expensive (or so I thought, at $3 a cup, no refills), was very good, and came w/ a tiny bit of homemade cranberry-pistachio biscotti- delicious!  I enjoyed the Berry Pepita French toast, which consisted of bread made w/ a house seed mix, and loaded w/ raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries, plus slices of kiwi, apple, and garnishes of grapefruit!  I believe PC offered blue agave syrup as their pancake syrup, but I didn't need it, as the fruit provided most of the sweetness I needed.  (I did whip out reserve bottle of 100% maple syrup from my bag...)  This gratifying breakfast kept me full, w/out feeling bloated, for more than seven hours!Why I haven't returned, which I promised myself I would the next couple of days, I don't know... Perhaps on my next "weekend" off!
4	Ok so I've been back here several times. Still love it. Their daily specials are amazing, I love the rotating sides and smoothies. They have a green smoothie (can't remember the name) that is amazing! I took my mom here for Mother's day and they gave all the mom's mimosas :) love it. I just wish they weren't so spendy... I'm but a poor college student, trying to eat vegan when I can!
4	I was pretty sceptical about this place from the other reviews that I had read on Yelp. It turned out to be a great place to eat. The only thing I would tell this restaurant to change is to get a bigger location because the place was packed when I went in for lunch. As far as some of the issues that were mentioned in previous reviews, it looked like pomagrante cafe worked to fix them. No more paper plates and the restaurant was kept pretty clean, especially with how busy they were. While I was there another customer had dropped something and anywhere else it would have stayed there until they slowed down, not here though one of the employees who was delivering food to tables cleaned it up and was busing tables inbetween dropping off food. I was impressed.There are some things in other reviews that are still true. Food does take a while there, which I think was mainly because of how busy they were. Plus portion sizes were a little on the small side, I felt that they were plety big enough to calm my appitiete, which was what I was going for. As far as vegitarian/vegan places go, this one rocks. Check it out.
5	A friend of mine recently told me about Pomegranate Cafe in Ahwatukee. I didn't know that all their menu items are vegan---how cool is that? All the baked goods and menu items are vegan, but they do offer eggs (instead of tofu for breakfast/brunch items) and dairy cheese (instead of vegan Diaya cheese) to appeal to vegetarians. We went for a late afternoon lunch today and ordered pomegranate iced green tea, roasted red pepper hummus platter, and tempeh BLT sandwiches. The tea was tart and naturally sweet; very refreshing. The hummus was tasty and served with vegetables and warm bread slices. The BLT was simply awesome. I have to learn how to get my tempeh to taste like theirs! The baked goods looked way too good to pass up. So, against my waistlines wishes, we got 2 slices of vegan cake (lemon with strawberry frosting), raw vegan donut holes and coconut macaroons to take home. I will say that the donut holes don't actually taste like donuts, but they were still delicious. The cake was so amazing that I muttered to my husband that we need to order a whole cake (I'll have to see if they offer whole cakes...it was like wedding cake-good). I wish I could have tried everything on the menu...I just have to make plans to visit often. The berry pepita french toast sounds absolutely divine...for next time.
3	I love the food here. Everything I have had has been very good. The deserts are excellent especially the tiramisu. The space is great and the vegan/raw options are great. My only complaint is the price. I can never get out of there for less than $30 for 2 people. So unfortunately I cannot visit as much as I would like to. So I have been trying to make the same food at home. If prices were a bit more reasonable I may go more often, Until then I stay home with the occasional visit.
5	This place never fails to impress me AND NO, I AM NOT A VEGETARIAN. Why do you ask?
5	This quaint little place is great!  Awesome selection of healthy vegetarian and vegan food, and everything I have eaten there has been delicious.
5	My husband and I have been hearing about Pomegranate Cafe for the last year, but really never had the chance to try it. Okay - I shouldn't lie, I think we were hesitant because it is a vegetarian restaurant, and we love our meet.  But we were intrigued because of the gluten free options (something that is critical to my husbands health).  Now I am super sad that we waited so long.  We have been missing one of the best restaurants in the Valley.Both my husband and I had sandwiches for lunch last weekend.  I have never had such distinct flavors in a sandwich before.  It was beyond delicious!!  Maybe getting rid of the meet is critical to really letting my taste buds do their work!!  After lunch my husband and I split their gluten free Tiramisu, and it was HEAVENLY!!!!!!  The staff was super friendly, the service was quick, and the place is very cute and clean.We will be back very soon (most likely this weekend)!!  I can't wait to share it with all of my friends!!   YUM!!!!!
5	This is a great place to go if you're aiming to eat healthy! This cafe offers raw, organic, gluten free options too. Their ingredients are extremely fresh and their dishes are beautifully plated for a casual cafe. We tried the pesto presto sandwich, which consisted of avocado, sunflower sprouts, tomato slices and pesto on a whole wheat baguette. They give such a generous amount of avocado it is SO good, and the pesto flavor is perfect and not too over-powering. The tortilla soup was the best I've tried yet. We also had the BLT on whole wheat toast. They use tempeh bacon and it was delish! We also tried the "donut holes" - if you check-in on foursquare (1st time only) you get a free donut hole.  Well, they were definitely not the donut hole I was expecting - basically a ball of organic raw type ingredients...of what I'm not sure but the two flavors they had resembled the taste of a Lara Bar - just in a ball. :)Only downside is that it is a little pricier for their sandwiches/ lunch. But definitely worth it!
4	Love this place. The vlt is my fav. The cowgirl cookies are the bomb.
5	Finally a raw food cafe that isn't in Tempe.  Love their drinks and raw food menu.  Just wish their prices would come down bit.    This is the type of place I could eat at everyday.  I know it is good because the afternoon lull doesn't happen to me when I eat here.    I do NOT go daily, due to pricing, but I would like too, because I would simply live longer eating here.  Your body buzzes with clean energy (non-caffeine) after eating here.  If you are a person who wants to be nice to your body.  Splurge and give your body what it craves....Enzymes.    Who knew raw food was the answer to avoiding afternoon coffee.......?
4	Great combinations of healthy food.  I'm a fan of the smoothies as well.  Kind of pricey, but not unreasonably so.
4	The raw chocolate banana cake was fantastic! I had the burger of the day, which was sweet potato, and it was very flavorful. As an omnivore (non-vegan?), I was very satisfied with this place. It was a bit pricey for my tastes, but I realize those food costs are high to begin with. I would recommend it!
1	It was my first visit and probably my last. On the plus side the food was delicious. Tiss a shame that the taste and presentation was not the only piece of our experience. On the minus side the first choice of meals was unavailable, however I was given the option to wait while they went to trader joes next store to grab soy chorizo. The portions small, we waited 15 minutes for one coffee, and  30 minutes for the other.  my 4 dollar mocha missed the yuminess mark, and my wifes cup of joe was not delicious enough to remind her she had wanted it before eating most of her meal. At a half hour wait we went to check on coffee two, when it was delivered it was not with a smile or apology, but with annoyed a toss the cream onto the table in a huff during delivery. The shop uses mason jars or old fruit jars for glasses, neato recycling effort,  Bright burgundy lipstick on one of the water jars not as welcome. We watched the inattentive staff ignoring orders to go out from our seats.  I was definitely not feeling the service or care love of the staff. Unfortunately the vegan wife left very unhappy with the 40 dollars spent on breakfast for three, leaving still hungry, and feeling poorly treated.
5	This is a business that really cares about providing the highest quality food, preserving sustainability, and supporting other local businesses.  I highly recommend Pomegranate Cafe!
3	I finally tried this place after hearing a lot of good things about it, and....it was just okay.  I was happy to see a real, varied organic and vegetarian menu.  The food was good, and fresh, but not worth the price, especially considering you have to go up to the counter and order, and don't receive any real sit-down service.
1	Short form:ordered our food(15 minutes elapse)we get our iced teas(15 minutes elapse)the tables next to us that had ordered and were seated before we got there get SOME of their food, one sends soup back because it's cold.  (15 minutes elapse)45 minutes into this disaster, I ask for a refund and we leave Menu didn't look that appetizing, service was awful, and apparently what they served was poorly executed.  That's enough to keep me from ever going back.(I should have written a review that takes 45 minutes to read, yet you get nothing from it.... kind of like going to Pomegranate)
4	Stopped in for a quick drink & instantly fell in love with the place. Loved how they had fresh ingredients. I can't remember the name of my drink (it had kale, cucumber, ginger, etc) but I loved it - very refreshing! (Although I think it would be an acquired taste for most - a little too much green ingredients for some?). The Pomegranate Ginger cider was really good too. I took a peak at what people were ordering for their meals - it looked pretty good & their menu sounded promising.
5	Such an amazing atmosphere as soon as you walk in. I was greeted by smiling happy faces which were genuine! I ordered the tacos vivos, recommendation from the lovely knowledgeable girl working there, I also got an abundance drink which was made to perfection!!! I have no complaints about this place! I will def be referring friends to this unique and healthy place!!!!!!!! The food was amazing, the staff was sweet and KNOWLEDGEABLE they could answer any questions and helped me even if I was being a little indecisive, and the atmosphere just added the cherry on top, the energy and vibe in there was just great! i cant say enough good things about this place!!!!! If you have any questions the pretty redhead girl knows what she's talking about!!!!!!!!
4	Hip, trendy, in the edges of chandler?  It's  hip but it's also really good.  The juices are creative and exotic.  The prices are a bit steep--but not for the quality.
5	Ahwatukee needs more great businesses just like this one.  Fresh, progressive, customer focused and a can't go wrong menu.
5	This place was a huge surprise and a huge relief!Being a foodie, and quite the fan of healthy food, this place definitely lives up to those expectations.  If you've ever been to San Francisco, then you'll definitely get that feel when you enter the cafe.It's got a great atmosphere, and the menu is by far the best when it comes to serving healthy "organic" foods.  I know that many places in the valley claim to serve healthy food, but serving "all-natural" and locally farmed foods doesn't necessarily mean it's healthy.  People that are true foodie's know exactly what I mean.I ordered the Dragon Bowl with quinoa and it was delicious.  I'm excited to try this place again.
1	I hate giving this place a bad review, because the concept is so great.  Healthy food in Ahwatukee.  We were excited to go try it.  But since I'm so sensitive to things, we just got some appetizers to see how it went.  It was delicious.  A little too delicious (the hummus, I think was the main culprit).  We got into the car and went to the nearby park.  I started feeling sick.  Lightheaded, sleepy, out of breath, thirsty as hell.  My friend got a runny nose and headache.  He said "I get a runny nose and headache from MSG".  I was like "yeah, I get all these things I"m feeling, from MSG, too."  Now "healthy" places like Whole Foods can and will claim there's no MSG in their food, because they use some other kind of glutamate, which is the same thing by a different name (ie hydrolyzed yeast, etc.).  There was no denying it, when we got the symptoms at the same time.   We thought back and realized the hummus was over the top tasty unlike a hummus I've ever had before (except once at a Farmer's Market, and they used MSG, too, listed as "spices").They must get a star, I will give that to their organic juice I  got once before because it tasted great, and I felt great afterward.  But it was a bit on the expensive side.
3	The food is excellent and the wait staff are super friendly but man is the service SLOOOOOOOOOW!  I realize that they care about every dish but, their wait times are ridiculous.  You can't be in a rush or on your lunch break when you go to this place.  It is also quite pricey compared to anywhere else as you are getting organic quality food.  Other than that, it is good food.   Everything I have had here is good.  This last time, I got the rainbow wrap but, instead of having it wrapped in kollard greens I got it in a spinach tortilla.  Very good, healthy and filling without feeling too stuffed.
4	This place is great. I went out on a limb for this place. I was heading to chandler when I wanted something fresh and light. So I yelped my way in the direction of my final destination and found this delicious little spot. I had the Tacos Raw and the lime-ade to drink. The tacos were AMAZING! The lime-made was ok. It was a bit expensive for what it was. I really liked the concept and set up of the restaurant. I'd recommend this place to my friends. If it weren't far from where I lived I would definitely go back regularly.
4	I'm not a vegan, but I thoroughly enjoyed the tempeh bacon in my Lumberjack sandwich I had for brunch.  I got the side of potatoes with the pomegranate BBQ, but I wasn't a fan of the sauce.  I switched it out for the spicy "cheese" dipping sauce, much better.  It was a great breakfast, I'd def go back there again.
5	I just tried this restaurant for the first time. It was delicious, I ordered the raw vegan sushi and a raw dessert. I thoroughly enjoyed my dish and I also tasted my dates dish which was the raw wrap and that too was yummy. Great service, nice clean atmosphere. I will be returning many more times! BTW I am a raw vegan and have been a vegan for 8 years so I have tried my fair share of vegan and raw vegan restaurants!
5	This is just a great restaurant - great staff, and the food is fantastic. Go there, you will have a great experience. Try the daily special, it is always good.
5	Due to business in Phoenix, I came across this place through a yelp search (what else), and was so happy after my first visit that I came back a second time on my departure day, grabbed dinner and had them pack me something as an in-flight meal.They offer a great selection of vegan and raw vegan food, and while the vegan choices do offer a few comfort food items for the meat-eating-boyfriend-types, most of the menu is fairly healthy. As a mostly raw vegan, I did appreciate their raw selections, although I admit I went weak and had to try their daily burger, which was absolutely delicious!They also have an eclectic dessert selection, which I resisted, but looked splendid.I am sure that I will return here anytime I am in Phoenix.
5	Brunch was wonderful.  I love that there are so many choices for vegans for breakfast. All of the baked goods are vegan, too!
3	On the one hand... I love the ranchero skillet. Its freaking delicious and I have had it more than a few times. Its super filling, and the last time I ate it, I even got full halfway through it and had enough for leftovers this morning. Its well worth the $10.50 it costs.On the other hand.... If I buy a piece of $6.00 cake, I expect to get fresh cake. Not the leftovers from yesterday that are hard, dry and stale. We took a piece of cake to go to eat later and was given a piece leftover from what I can only assume was from the day before that was hard and unappetizing. We did not enjoy it at all. If you must insist on selling day old cake, sell if for less than the asking price of the good, fresh cake. Its almost thievery to sell a product of less quality for the same price as the fresh product.
5	I immediately surpassed the standard, mildly enthused, "ooh's" and "ahh's" that accompany trying a new restaurant when I arrived at Pomegranate, going straight for elementary school girl-esque high pitched squeals instead. As my eyes flitted between the glass-encased pastries, breakfast menu, mostly raw dessert window, black board, and other people's plates, I got the anxious-excited onset of knowing that I was about to eat a LOT of food. Here's what I had the pleasure of tasting (and have been craving all day... if only they were open on Mondays *le sigh*):The breakfast burrito was awesome for a number of reasons. First, the actual wrap looks and tastes homemade... none of that grocery store tortilla debauchery. Second, there are sweet potatoes inside. Orange morsels of joy, if you will. Finally, you get to choose egg or tofu, and vegan or regular cheese. Customizable. Food. Rocks. We also had Strawberry Rhubarb French Toast... sounds amazing already, right? What that name doesn't reveal, however, is that it's made from griddled banana bread. Grilled, crunchy-edged, banana-y, rhubarb jam-smothered, fresh fruit and vegan whipped cream topped heaven. If you're not salivating after reading that, just get out of here.For dessert, the raw tiramisu took the cake. Or took the tiramisu. Whatever. Either way, I will never miss, desire, or crave "classic" tiramisu again. I've been converted... enlightened, rather. The raw Snickers bar was admirable, but dare I say the cashew caramel layer was too sweet for my tastes? Not that that prevented my finishing it.. it didn't. Overall though, 'twas was a bit much. And, if you're tentative to venture into the raw dessert world (wimp), you can't go wrong with a cowgirl cookie.... And if that's too high a word count to process, just take away this message: Go to Pomegranate. Order a variety of things. It's a place of wonders. You shan't regret it.
4	4.5 Stars.Over the past few months I have given Pomegranate Cafe another try, or two, or three... and I have been very pleased with the improvement in their menu, the service, the speed, and the food itself. Everything in the restaurant is vegan and can be made vegetarian which means I can eat anything there... heck yes! They even have a wide variety of raw items including desserts.They have all-day breakfast and are always posting delicious looking brunch items on the weekend (Facebook). I haven't made it for a weekend brunch, but it is on my list.My favorite items have to be the Lumberjack sandwich, the southwest mac n cheese, the hibiscus cooler, and the cowgirl cookies. They are in the middle of a remodel right now, doubling their space, and the past two times I have been in there the place has been absolutely packed... so I'm not the only one taking notice of this great spot :-)Keep up the good work, PC!
5	Oh my. I can't believe I have been living in Awhatukee and didn't give this place a second chance earlier.When this place first opened, my husband and I were stoked as our whole family is vegan. Unfortunately, back then the portions were tiny (my husband was still hungry when we left), the service slow, and the flavor was not memorable.Today, after several YEARS (yes, years) we tried it again. Oh. My. Gawd. We ordered two of the raw dishes: the raw tacos and the Arizona roll. The tacos were INCREDIBLE. Spicy, great texture, and filling. The Arizona roll was just as filling and flavorable. I've been on a raw kick for almost a month, and I haven't felt as satisfied with a raw meal as I did today.We spolied ourselves by getting the raw "snickers" bar and lemon bar. The snickers bar was absolutely heavenly. It was definitely enough for two people to share. The lemon bar was not as great, but had I not already tasted the snickers I probably would have thought it was bliss.Needless to say, we feel guilty about not having given Pomegranate a second chance earlier. We were missing out. I can't wait to go back for "Raw Fridays" and Sunday brunch!
4	I love that you leave this place feeling so full but not so guilty because you know everything is nutritious and healthy.I love their coffee here too, espresso has an awesome flavor! A bit pricy but hey everything is organic and like supporting our local businesses! Some of my favorites are:Green garden protein bowlAll coffee drinksChocolate pomegranate cakeSizzling sesame salad
5	This place is amazing!  My husband and I are gluten free and dairy free. His birthday was coming up and I had yet to bake some sort of birthday cake... (Not my strong point) so I had heard that Pomegranate had a small selection of desserts that were gluten free. Desperate NOT to bake myself I went in,... Low and behold I hit the mother load of deliciousness!  There were so many options that we could both have it was amazing! Since I could not decide, we got pretty much one of everything (some items we did get 2 of) and there was not 1 thing that I tried that was not fantastic!  Even my children who crave refined sugar and corn syrup and various garbage thought everything was delicious.  It was not until AFTER they had ingested it all did I mention that they were actually healthy treats!  I cannot wait to go back very soon!
5	Sometimes it's difficult to really feel satisfied with a raw vegan diet , but every time I go to Pomegranate's I leave more than satisfied.   The atmosphere is welcoming and delightful, although very busy during the lunch rush. I did have to share a table with a stranger last time I was there but the stranger turned out to be a great lunch companion.  This is a must for anyone who is considering (or already is) a raw and/or vegan diet.  Everything is so yummy you won't know it is good for you!
5	The food prepared by Marlene and Cassie of Pomegranate Cafe is FANTASTIC. I had the opportunity to attend a retreat that they came to be the chefs for. Everything they set out -- breakfast, lunch, and dinner -- tasted fresh and delicious. From the handmade granola accompanied with fresh-cut fruit, to the vegetarian spring rolls + peanut sauce, to the veggie burgers, to the apple + berry crisp, to the veggie penne + pesto. I know this is not a review about the cafe itself, but I am here to say that anything produced by these two ladies will nourish you, mind and body. If I ever get the chance to come out to the Phoenix, AZ area, Pomegranate Cafe will be on my itinerary for sure.
5	I love this place!  Gets very busy during lunch, and the wait for your food is long, but so worth it!  I had a green smoothie which was great, and the raw tacos.  OMG.....sooooo good!  I can't believe something raw could be so good!  I wish it was closer to my house.  There are a dozen more menu items I'm dying to try!
5	My cousin introduced me to Pomegranate and now I'm moving to AZ and into the neighborhood so I can regularly get my fix. I love eating and then feeling amazing afterward and that's what happens here. Follow them on Facebook if you dare ... it will give you cravings like you won't believe! Everything looks amazing and tastes even better! Fresh, crisp, fruity, savory - whatever you're in the mood for they've got it. My favorites: the everything "bagel", the daily quesadilla, and the homemade snickers bar. YUM!
4	Breakfast food is the best food. I order a tofu scramble burrito and my partner ordered the Ranchero skillet. I loved mine. I tried a few bites of the Ranchero skillet  and that was awesome, despite the super hard tortilla it came with. I enjoyed the earthy ambiance and love eating organic. I am curious to try this place out again. However, I am not sure how often I could realistically eat there based on the prices. Over $30 for 2 breakfast entrees, a lemonade, and an iced americano is a bit pricey.  Overall, my first time at Pomegranate Cafe was a delicious experience.
5	Loved the food, loved the atmosphere, and loved the people.
5	Local. Organic. Raw. Vegan. Gluten Free. Fresh and Tasty. Coffee/Toddy. Raw Deserts
1	Caution!!!! I ate there about 1 week ago and almost exactly 24 hours later I was experiencing severe stomach cramps, vomiting, diarrhea, and just felt like hell. I am not 100% positive it was from this place, but given the timing and the fact that this was the only place where my girlfriend didn't eat the same thing I did, I'm pretty damn sure. I had a vegetable juice with a salad and my guess is they either didn't wash the veggies well enough or aren't washing their hands/equipment well enough. It's been almost 1 week and I am still experiencing symptoms. Considering how sick I got from this place I will probably never eat there again. Caution!!!!If you have been sick from this place as well, please report them to the county health department so no one else has to go through the same thing.
5	I got the Breastfast Burrito sans eggs and tofu because of allergies.. It was amazing!! Their fruit bowl is versatile and fun. Noisy-ish if you're dining in, mostly because of the juicer (yes they juice your drinks right there..) but think of it like a cafe.Fun and original! Great varieties and options for vegans and people with allergies!
3	Does healthy have to mean small portions? I ate sandwich  split side order of "fries" and split a desert 2 hours later I am hungry again and out about $30. I do like the concept local veggies, meat free food and contemporary atmosphere. But $12 for a BLT and $11 for a Kale salad was a bit steep for a place where I order at the counter, refill my own water etc..  This is the crux of my issue the lack of value. The BLT it self was decent, the Tempeh bacon was a bit sparse, the tomatoes were good as were the greens. The Side of hummus was bland and came with a few fresh veggies.The Kale salad was good with a large flax seed chip, fresh kale and many other ingredients.The pomfrits (french fries) were not as great mealy slices of potato under cooked in oil.The Desert the almond joy $4 was quite decadent and tasty , however we decided to get this later on and had to wait in the slow line to order to get this.
4	I went here today and enjoyed it quite a bit. The food is fresh, healthy, and still manages to be indulgent. The vegetables are local and taste so good. The flavors they achieve are something special. For my entree I had a tahini eggplant burger. It came with lots of greens (I think arugula and kale?) as well as some type of creamy sauce and some other toppings like tomato, sprouts, etc. The bun was flavorful and had good texture, something that is unusual for most vegan buns. It came with a side of potato coins (fried potato slices) and house made BBQ sauce, hummus and veggies (hummus was Indian spice flavor and the veggies were bell pepper, cucumber and a whole purple carrot). The hummus was sort of strangely grainy and chunky, which was not what I was expecting. It ended up tasting nothing like hummus really, but was still good as a veggie dip. The vegetables were crisp and fresh. We ordered a tiramisu (layers of coffee cream, date nut layers and cream) which was incredibly delicious. I am not vegan and normally approach vegan baking with a lot of skepticism as it is often far out of my comfort zone, but as long as you have an open mind, you'll be pleasantly surprised with what Pomegranate has to offer. The tiramisu tasted like coconut, coffee, cream and HEAVEN. The layers of date nut stuff were slightly chewy and had a vaguely caramel like flavor. It came with some chocolate sauce and strawberries and was on the whole really good.However, there are some downsides to the experience. The atmosphere is cute enough but it was crowded, noisy, and the space is not that large. The decorations are bright and cheerful but it had a vaguely cafeteria-ish vibe due to the tables being very close together. Water is self-serve. You order at a counter and the service is similar to other fast-casual places. We ordered the tiramisu for dessert and it never arrived, and we had to go back to the counter to ask for it. We waited for another long time and finally someone came to tell us the tiramisu was frozen, and that we could eat it frozen or try something else out of the dessert case.  While it wasn't a problem for it to be frozen, the whole losing our order and then not having the item in the correct condition was frustrating. While at the counter, another person had the same thing happen to their group as well.The prices are also really high for the portion size. I get that the food is really high quality, and it certainly tastes like it, but my burger was the size of a regular burger and cost $12. With tax and tip my bill came to more than $15 just my entree and a glass of water. My friend picked up the tab for the dessert, around $4-5, and her breakfast platter entree was $10 so her bill was about the same.Overall it was a good experience and I liked the food, but for the price, I am hesitating on whether to go back or not.
4	Great raw food.
5	OMG!  OMG!  OMG!  I could not believe how delicious my meal was.  I had the Kale salad and Eggplant burger.  YUM, YUM, YUM!!!  Then I had the Papaya pie. It has a coconut base.  OMG!  OMG!  OMG!  YUM, YUM, YUM!!!I mean, ya ever watch Check Please where they do the close ups of the food and it looks sooo delicious and the reviews the people give are so enticing...?  Well, that's EXACTLY what my meal tasted like.   I wish I was being filmed so someone else could do the drooling!
5	I went back to try their food. The place has been remodeled since I last visited, six months ago. It's bigger and can accommodate more people, but it did lose that vibe that I liked about it. Regardless, the staff was still friendly, the food was delicious, and the drinks were still good!Drinks:1) Braveheart (leafy greens, kale, cucumber, celery, apple, orange)2) Some kind of berry smoothie?Both were refreshing and good.Entrees:1) Breakfast Burrito (Egg, potato, sweet potato, cheese, anasazi beans, salsa, seasonal vegetables, spinach tortilla)2) In Season scramble (Egg scramble, seasonal veggies, cheese, harvest hash, kamut toast & house jam): loved the house jam!3) Hummus: the bread and veggies were very good and fresh and the hummus was okay. It was a little grainier and had a more cumin taste but it tasted fresh.4) Raw Berries & Cream Parfait (Raspberry cream, seasonal fruit, berries, nuts & seeds): one of my favorite parts of the meal. SO good
5	I absolutely LOVE this place.  The food is consistently amazing, high quality and fabulous tasting.  The owners genuinely CARE about the food, their staff, the clients and it shows.  Thank you for being my favorite cafe.  Keep up the awesome work.
5	I am so glad that Pomegranate has graced Ahwatukee with it's AMAZING vegan and vegetarian fare. Thank you for bringing this type of cuisine to the masses and showing people that GREAT food can be made without using animal ingredients. XOXOXO
5	Great organic food
5	Wonderful, fresh, organic treats.  Service is fast and friendly and the hardest part is trying to pick something from all the choices.  Everything sounds so delicious (and when you get it, it IS)  I shop at Trader Joe's every Friday and go here before I shop.  Highly recommended.
5	Definitely liked this place even more than green. The rainbow wrap was delicious, fresh and filling.
5	Best raw vegan cheesecake..ever!  The daily soup and sand was the bomb!  A must try, vegan or not, when in the area!  Highly recommend for all my macro friends!
5	Best vegan option in the valley!  Love that I can go out to eat and still be healthy.  I almost always order one of the specials... love the variety!
5	Yummy yummy yummy! I am not a vegetarian but my daughter is and I LOVED the food! I had the black bean burger with sweet potato fries and veggies with hummus. Crazy good! I also had the iced latte with nonfat milk sweetened with coconut sugar. I will definitely be back though not as often as I would like. A lunch for two as $36 yikes! The atmosphere is very comfortable bright and cheery. It was clean and smelled amazing and the staff is super friendly!
5	If I could give this place 6 stars, I would!Tasty? Indulgent? Doesn't-taste-like-it's-vegi/vegan? Check, Check, Check!!Honestly I have probably never been more emphatic about a restaurant.This quaint little shop (although it has been expanded) has a wonderful vibe, and you are able to see just how fresh their food is. Their chalkboard of daily specials welcomes you and their glass-door refrigerators remind you that you are eating fresh, whole, and unaltered vegetables and fruits.The cashier is knowledgeable, friendly, and greeted with a smiling face.I ordered the Strawberry Rhubarb French Toast and a cup of the daily soup: Curried Sweet Potato. (I'm a sucker for anything sweet potato.)I sat down with my number and waited for my food. Both dishes arrived shortly, and my mouth watered at their sight.The french toast (banana bread with the rhubarb jam and whipped cream) was likely the best french toast I've ever had. I used to have a favorite place for french toast, but this plate left it in the dust. The banana bread was moist, thick, and came with delicious fresh strawberries. Not too sweet, and the light rhubarb jam complemented the thick banana bread to a tee. Unlike other new and healthy restaurants, the portions were not tiny and unfilling. On the contrary, I would think most people would split the order of french toast. I just wish I had come on a day with a special french toast on the menu!The sweet potato soup was sweet, creamy, and the curry flavors accented it wonderfully.To finish things off, I couldn't leave without trying one of their tempting cakes! I spoke with one of the owners for a while (who is wonderful), and based on her recommendation I tried the mango and blackberry raw cheesecake. Not only did this cheesecake not taste like it had no dairy, but it likely tops other cheesecakes I have tried.I can only hope this place stays in business for years to come. When it comes to nutrition, it is vital for restaurants to be completely aware of what they are serving, for them to strive to bring patrons healthy meals, and have fun doing it! Pomegranate Cafe does not fall short; I will be back soon!
5	I was very impressed with the quality of food.  A great destination for those who are looking for an organic, very tasty meal.  I'd definetely go back.
5	Best raw vegan food in the valley.  They are not exclusively raw, but do have a half dozen or so raw dishes on the menu daily and do a raw special on Fridays.  The quality of the food is excellent.  I have eaten here several dozen times and never had anything that wasn't good.
5	This place transformed our life!  We are vegetarian, but wanted to give the raw thing a try.  I was very impressed with the creative, delicious meals and desserts!  My kids were even impressed (ages 6 and 8).  The dishes are a little pricey, but I am willing to pay because I know that a lot of effort, time and quality ingredients go into making this type of food.  I love the food, the atmosphere and the nice people that work there.  I will always try to work in a visit here when I come to Phoenix!
4	We are not vegetarian, but heard good things and it's right in our neighborhood, so wanted to check it out. I tried the lemon poppy seed pancakes with strawberry compote and they were very good! My husband had the dragon 'burger' and he really enjoyed that as well with a side of hummus and veggies. The juices and smoothies seem interesting, but I'm not sure if I'm brave enough to try them...We liked the atmosphere and we will return to try more new things here!
4	Very creative food options for those who are vegetarian, vegan, raw, etc. Love that they are organic and make everything fresh! Many many options as well. Love the feel of the place! The vegan cheesecake was so delicious! That was our favorite! Love to support healthy, local places!
4	10/06/12Thank you Pomegranate Cafe, Russell, and all of PC's other staff members for helping me forget, for an hour or so, that I was feeling very much under-the-weather.  l was feeling elated about my upcoming delights, I totally forgot how awful I must have looked wearing yoga pants, a Life is Good tee, a hooded zip pullover, and glasses.  What a bum!  Surprisingly, business was bustling this morning-- I've never seen PC full of people, and get this, there was a LINE waiting to order!  Because most of the tables were taken indoors, it was very noisy, so I took this chance to hide my I'm-sick-as-a-dog bum from the beautiful people and eat OUTDOORS.  But first, I had to place my order.Since I'd already perused the menu online, I knew I was going to have the French toast, no powdered sugar, please, like I usually do, but I wanted to try something new.  The basic breakfast (egg, toast, jam, and fruit) enticed, but I quickly drew towards Kamut toast, almond butter, jam, and fruit.  I also thought I'd either try a smoothie or an elixir ($8 each), but the menu online stated to ask for an elixir menu for options.  There was only one, and it was a "female hormonal concoction" with something, I lost track, since I didn't need help with my hormones, thank you very much.  ("Not that there's anything wrong with that.")  $8 saved.  The smoothie I wanted to try contained pomegranate juice, which I correctly suspected had one or more unwanted ingredients, and for me, that was "grape seed oil extract."  (So glad I spotted those juice bottles in front of the cash register.)  Good- I was able to hang onto $8 of my money.  Last, but not least, I ordered a cappucino (Cartel Coffee) and a glass of water without cucumber.  I again reiterated that I did not want powdered sugar on the French toast, which I was told would take twenty or twenty-five minutes to be ready, since they'd run out of the bread and the next batch was in the oven.  I said it was worth waiting for, so I don't mind, and besides, I'll have the kamut toast and almond butter.  As I paid for my three items, I was told that my food will be out in about 30 minutes, which took me by surprise, but I was in no mood to make a fuss, especially when I needed to secure an empty table before someone else snatched it!I found one outdoors, but it needed bussing.  No problem, as I found a shy and cute associate to help me.  One thing I really like about frequenting vegan/vegetarian/gluten-free venues, is how most, if not all, of the staff members are so humble, and are good-natured.  Another thing is that these venues tend to look so hippy-chic, colorful, eclectic, and FUN!  I loved the different swaths of colorful curtains, brightly-painted tables and chairs, whimsical dinnerware, and that was indoors!  Outside, I found a mosaic two-top with mismatched chairs- I sat on the one without the morsel of food on its seat.The food didn't take quite as long as 30 minutes.  The cappucino http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6orXv_VB7xz-MpqHzSQ?select=b5c0q6siFAHnRWC5FU3TYw#b5c0q6siFAHnRWC5FU3TYw took a few minutes to arrive, and so did the lovely-tasting city water, nicely contained in a lidless canning jar.  (There's a reason cucumber slices are used to "flavor" the water, folks!)  It was about ten minutes after I started sipping my coffee that the Banana bread French toast arrived http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6orXv_VB7xz-MpqHzSQ?select=ZPZ8wSo4IPOrtAmFWejCcw#ZPZ8wSo4IPOrtAmFWejCcw, but it was sprinkled with powdered sugar!  However, Russell did not hesitate in taking it back and bringing another.  What terrific service!  The Kamut toast, almond butter, jam, and fruit plate stayed, however, so I was happy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6orXv_VB7xz-MpqHzSQ?select=s3KbSXITa6YEFvYgGYv91g#s3KbSXITa6YEFvYgGYv91g  Still happy, even when I found out that the almond butter was the raw variety-- I don't particularly like its flavor, or lack thereof, and I only buy and enjoy the roasted kind.  It's a good thing I am not allergic to chia (still experimenting), sesame, and sunflower seeds, for while the menu did not mention these were included, one certainly could not avoid their presence on this dish!  It's also a good thing they were, since they gave the bland-tasting almond butter much-needed flavor.  The fun textures on this dish also gave my mouth something to be happy about!  The Banana bread French toast arrived about 5 minutes later, and what a marvel that was! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6orXv_VB7xz-MpqHzSQ?select=vfafsHCzso2InWi-kcDWBg#vfafsHCzso2InWi-kcDWBg  The French toast had the PERFECT crunch on the outside, a gorgeous pound-cake-meets-angel-cake consistency on the inside, and a wonderful roasted-banana scent filled the air around my face that soon delighted my taste buds!  The strawberry-rhubarb jam and agave pancake syrup added lovely velvety coats of sweetness and colors, as well.  I could've eaten the entire dish!I'll be back!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in the valley hands down. Always fresh always organic. Can get just about anything gluten free or dairy free. The Dragon Bowl is awesome!The owner and her daughter run this place and both are very sweet. The staff is very knowledgeable about allergies etc.. go here and try it ! You will love it!
4	The kale salad is fantastic, especially the dressing! Lots of vegan and vegetarian offerings that are filling.  My only cautions are the raw desserts really aren't that tasty and most of the entrees contain too much bell pepper.  However, the cowgirl cookies are a big favorite with my husband and son.  The special lemonades are also quite good if a bit pricey (refills aren't free so pace yourself).  This is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in the East Valley and the staff is very friendly - especially Matt!
5	Wow, the food was really really good.  I ordered the brunch special: breakfast quesadilla with tofu chorizo and pumpkin latte.  The food was seasoned so well.  Everyone in my group enjoyed their food.  Busy busy place, but worth the wait.  I will definitely be back!
5	Harvest hash is incredible - ask for their house made BBQ sauce on the side. Vegan raspberry banana bread French toast!!!  Sooooo good!It's a busy place on a Saturday morning but they work fast and everything runs smoothly.A gem!!!
2	I have now been to Pomegranate 3 times, and I have waited a minimum of 35 minutes for my order every time. It's not like I have a large order, or they are particularly busy, and I'm usually only ordering for myself. The last time I was there I had been waiting for about half an hour for a breakfast burrito, when one of the staff came out and retook my order because they had forgotten what to make me! 10 minutes later they came out and asked me AGAIN what I had ordered. After 55 minutes I finally had my mediocre burrito, and the only thing they offered me was a tiny cookie. If you are vegan or vegetarian this may be an ok option for you, but be careful! My vegan roommate, on more than one occasion, was surprised to find eggs in her food instead of tofu and had to wait another half hour for what she had actually ordered. They are also notorious for forgetting items in to-go orders. I would give them 1 star if the staff weren't as friendly as they are.
5	Came here for breakfast with a couple girl friends. This is such a cute place! A bright, open dining space with colorful (and slightly girly) decorations. I love the local environmentally-conscious vibe, and the staff are really friendly!I ordered the In-Season Egg Scramble, which came with a delicious stir fry of fresh vegetables, and yummy multi-grain toast! I love their toast! Much more fun than the regular wheat toast at most breakfast places, with a yummy berry jam! My friends ordered the multi-grain toast with almond butter, which was beautifully plated (with pomegranate seed topping!) and looked delicious as well! (And is a good way to go if you don't want a large portion). The best part, nothing felt heavy/greasy!They also have an assortment of baked goods and desserts, which looked delicious! And they have complimentary cucumber water, which was super refreshing! I'm excited to come back and try their juices as well!
5	Highly Highly  recommended!! The staff is very friendly and helpful and the food.... WOW!! So Tasty!!I wish there was a place like this in every town big and small.Fresh juices, tasty smoothies, yummy espresso, beautiful desserts, raw and vegan simple food. This is how food should be. I can't get enough.  The best part is, a mother, daughter run and own it. I love when the owners are hands on getting dirty. You won't be disappointed!
2	Sarah H and I came in for lunch today because we've been both wanting to try it for a while.  The restaurant was bustling when we arrived so we waited line and ordered our lunch.  I settled on the Elephant Curry Bowl, recommended by the cashier and Sarah ordered the Daily Burger which was a sweet potato burger today and a pomegranate lemonade.  We took our table market and found a place to sit and chatted while we waited for our food.  Her lemonade came out first.  It looked like the pomegranate was fresh squeezed.  I forget her exact words but something like it was interesting.  She drank most of it, but not all.  Also, the glass of lemonade was on the small side.  Not what I would expect for $3.  Our meals came out and my Elephant Bowl looked good.  Yellow curry with lots of fresh vegetables and brown rice and tofu.  Everything I like.  Maybe I should have just ended the meal there before the disappointment set in. For a curry it was terribly bland and strangely enough made my tongue numb.  I ended up bringing the majority of it home and spiced it up a bit so I could finish it.  I had a bite of Sarah's burger and it was pretty good.  It tasted predominately of sweet potatoes and lentils, but I enjoy both of those.  She had the root vegetable fry's on the side and those were good as well seasoned with rosemary.  I would like to try this place again.  I noticed that many of the reviews were not good for many's first visit but then improved with their second.  It might be good for Abu J with his vegan/supermodel diet.  I'm curious what he'll think of it.
4	Happened to be in the area on Sunday wanting to try out a new vegan place. Yelp app led me to 24 Carrots which said it was open but was actually closed! Luckily, Pomegranate Cafe was right down the road so we ended up stopping in to try it out.Great menu and friendly staff. The food was good. We got our food before we got our drinks, which makes sense when you're ordering fresh squeezed juices... so had to wait a bit to start eating. The man was thrilled to find out that they offered a dairy version of the breakfast burrito so he could still eat healthy but didn't have to eat completely vegan. My fresh squeezed orange juice and kale salad (kale, tomato, beet curls, carrots) was a nice, clean and healthy meal to start off the day.The space was decorated cutely, and they even offer a few products for sale which are great products, such as Sun Warrior vegan protein powder. Will definitely return to try out a few more menu items!
5	If you are vegan or a veg-curious, Pomegranate Cafe is the best hope you have to stick to your new-found diet.  The staff and owners are passionate, intelligent, and incredibly hardworking.  Look folks... in order to be able to make as much fresh food as this place does, it is going to cost a lot on overhead.  Just to carry all of the fresh veggies and fruits for smoothies and juice has to be a fridge jenga feat on it's own.  Most restaurant owners do not care enough about their regulars to make this a reality.  To be completely honest, Pom is undercharging on most of their pastries and juices which is why I am totally blown away by their customer service.What's that?  You used to eat cheesecake while watching Oprah in the 80's but you can't do it anymore because your trainer said that those days are over?  Well, then you should eat the delicious RAW VEGAN CHEESECAKE at Pom (shhh... it's made of nuts and other goodies).What's that?  You like to go to Whole Foods and pay 10 dollars for juice?  Pomegranate is faster, cheaper, and they use local ingredients when it is smart to do so.  Conscious capitalism indeed.Oh, you like to eat in unique, vibrant settings?  This place has beautiful colored walls, an open view of the juice bar and clear fridges so you can dine and feel like you are part of the action.  While most places will hide what they do to YOUR food, Pom offers more transparency, so you can rest easy that your food is being prepared with great service and with fresh ingredients.What is this green stuff?  Look, I have eaten a lot of the stuff here, but STRAIGHT UP, you have to try something that has the cilantro pesto.  This sauce will gussy up any Mexican food dish, a spark for the tip of your tongue, with a small lemon tang, and a nice fresh smooth and soothing swallow that blooms with spice and heat.  And this sauce is a beautiful baseball field green.  I didn't even know that this was a culinary possibility until I ate here.I noticed that there are some reviews on here about bad service, but I was informed that the space was remodeled about a year ago.  Most of the one star and two star reviews were from before the remodel, which shows how much focus and attention the owners (a mother and daughter that currently work at Pom) and staff have really put into growing as an establishment.  Please, do yourself a flavor, and stop in for a juice or treat if you happen to be in the neighborhood.  You can either sit down and eat a full meal (appetizers, course, desert, coffee), or take a quick juice or pastry to go in minutes.It can't be easy to offer so many types of service AND be all natural plant based.  KUDOS TO POM FOR SETTING THE BAR HIGHER.  Nom Nom Pom.
4	I didn't want to like this place, but the food was really good. I had the lumberjack sandwich. I was a little leary on the idea of the food when it came, but after tasting it my mind changed. I won't give up real meat or dairy, but I will try this place again.
4	So lets just say I've loved this place circa my vegan years. It's the perfect healthy joint after you take a hike up south mountain. I even got the man to join me and now he requests this on days I have off and want to bring him lunch. The everything bagel is my favorite. It's raw and the spread is out of this world amazing! I will say its quite pricey for drinks.
4	SOOOOOO good and great service.
3	Good, healthy food. Really enjoyed everything.
5	We live about 25 miles from this restaurant, so it took us many months to find an opportunity to eat here.  After a strenuous hike at South Mountain Park, I forced my boyfriend to take me to Pomegranate Cafe for a late lunch.  I saw this restaurant on Check  Please,  Arizona several months ago and since we are watching our gluten and animal product intake, I was excited to try it.  My boyfriend is French, and graduated from culinary school in France.  So, needless to say, he is freaking picky as hell.  Taking him to new restaurants that I choose can be a nightmare. So, on to the food!  I had the lumberjack sandwich, and since I was really starving, I ordered the kale salad as well.  The boyfriend had the omelet of  the day with fresh herbs and veggies.  EVERYTHING was delicious!  It's a miracle!!  After the complaining about not being able to order a cold beer after our 2 1/2 hour hike, he shut up and ate everything, commenting on how good it was.  This is nothing short of a miracle!The staff is very nice, friendly and helpful.  I'm in the service business, so I really appreciate that.The ingredients are top notch, and thoughtfully put together, and so good.  The hash that's on the side of the sandwich and the omelet was so good, I would have just had a big bowl of that!  For dessert, we had the Caribbean pineapple coconut cheesecake and a chocolate pomegranate cake ball, and a chocolate macaroon.   The French guy loved the cheesecake, and he's an expert on cheesecake.  All the chocolate desserts were super good and the coffee was great, too.I will say we tried Green vegetarian restaurant about 2 years ago, and that was a disaster.  We also went to Santa Monica last summer, and tried Real Food Daily, which we thought was kind of bland.  So to get the boyfriend to try another vegetarian place was rather difficult.   We might actually be back!  Like I said, we live far away, but we could make a day out of having lunch, and then hitting Trader Joe's next door!  So convenient! Thank you, the staff at Pomegranate Cafe, for putting out such a quality product.  You guys are great!
5	I hadn't been to Pomegranate Cafe in a while. but was really craving a Cassie latte. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw how much they had grown! I was so overwhelmed but one of the pastry chefs walked me through the menu and the yummy pastry case. She helped me find the most healthy options for my needs. She was very patient and knowledgeable. I will be sure to go back more often now!
5	Vegan, gluten free options, organic! Excellent place, great food, deserts and juices. In the past I've had hard time finding good food in Phoenix. Not now, definitely added to the list of places I will eat at.
3	Pomegranate Cafe is okay.  I ordered one slice of pink cake, one blueberry cheesecake, and two lemonades.  The total was $26.  I checked the receipt to figure out what I ordered. I get that all the ingredients are fresh and local, but I was still shocked.  I expected the food to be amazing because it was so expensive.  It was okay not amazing. The lemonade was not that good.  It had a bitter and spicy note that threw me off.  The pink cake was a little soggy.  The decor is weird.  I can see what they are trying to do, but it would create a nicer atmosphere if they would get rid of the florescent ceiling lights.  The staff is totally spaced out.  They remind me of the Cheba Hut employees before they became a national chain.
5	Another year has passed since my last review and the Pom is still the best restaurant around. Whether you are vegetarian, vegan or not this is a wonderful place to get some grub. The entire staff is incredibly friendly and helpful whenever I venture in for breakfast or lunch.  There are lots of new faces here now, but the service and friendly vibe are all still in full force. They always seem to know everyone. They have a dedicated following, but they are just as nice to new comers. I try and bring all of my friends and family even though none are vegetarian.  They have seriously killer breakfast foods. The top being the Lumber Jack Sandwich though their breakfast specials have never disappointed me. Be on the lookout for their special pancakes and the vegetarian "Sausage Biscuits" and gravy. My personal favorite lunch food is the RAW Tacos which have walnut taco meat ( yeah I know it's still fantastic).  They are the offspring of amazingly delicious mexican food and a salad.  If you don't know what to get just ask. They are always super helpful at explaining things and making great suggestions or just get something from the vegan desert case everything is awesome.Try:- Lumber Jack Sandwich- RAW Tacos- Mocha- Breakfast Specials- Passion Juice- Chocolate Banana Muffins- Snickers Bars- Hummus
5	Healthy food CAN be absolutely delicious!  Try the juiced drinks, try the raw wrap, the raw bagel (I dare you) and you will see what I am talking about.  Don't stop there.., the raw parfait and the Buddha's bowl will send you spinning!  And don't forget the macaroons, the raw donut holes, almond joy bars... I could go on forever!  Cassie is a sweetie who knows what your taste buds like and your belly craves.
4	This is my kind of place! A place where you can indulge but not feel bad about what you just ate...You certainly don't have to sacrifice flavor, presentation or quantity, as each menu item offers plenty of each.Had breakfast at PC on a different day and the front counter was VERY SLOW, despite there being no customers ahead of me. Courteous employees to be sure, but slow.TIP: Arrive between 10 - 11 am for a late breakfast or an early lunch.FAVS: The Mediterranean Wrap and The Scones are TDF!Overall, the food is wonderful but the prices are high ($5 for a glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice--where are we, Alaska???) and the service is slow.
5	This place is amazing!! I am about 95% raw vegan and this place is so delicious. LOVE raw Friday. The desserts are to die for and well... I have not tried anything that was not Fa-Boo!
5	Pomegranate Cafe is popular-and for good reason. The all-vegan cafe with a few egg and dairy options for less-strict vegetarians had a line out the door, with 10 people ahead of me, when I arrived for Sunday brunch. And that line didn't decrease over the entire hour I was there.It might be the reputation the suburban success in Ahwatukee, Ariz., has garnered as one of the very rare restaurants that serves a vegan brunch every day of the week. Or, it could just be the spectacular food. (I saw at least one culinary institute coat and I can assure you, these people know how to cook.)Be forewarned: Dishes here are too numerous to choose from. You'll be compelled, more likely compulsed, to come back.My dining companion and I had the In Season Scramble-hers with dairy and eggs, mine without.Both were delicious and accompanied by "harvest hash" (a surprisingly balanced medley of potatoes, sweet potatoes, kale, peppers and other veggies) plus toast and homemade jam.I consider this simply an introduction to the restaurant, which boasts a tantalizing array of vegan desserts (make no mistake: The baked-goods counter is food porn at its best-resistance is futile), not to mention smoothies, raw dishes and lunch offerings that would have any foodie's palate irrevocably aroused.I'm coming back for the Raw! Lasagne, "Today's Burger" (I had plate envy of the diners next to me), Wild Western Tacos and mmm, mmm, mmm, like everything in the dessert counter. (Please, chocolate cake, be there upon my return). If you live within 25 miles of this place, it's worth a trip simply as a dining destination.To view the menu in depth (warning: not for the faint of willpower!), visit http://www.pomegranatecafe.com/pdfs/menu-2012-fall.pdf.
5	Just excellent! Definitely a vegan spot worth it all.
5	Love it
4	Really fresh and yummy. Will go back if I'm ever in the area!
3	I got a lemonade and a burger.It was $26.No thank you.WAYYYYYYYYYYY too $$ for what I got.
1	20 minutes for a California wrap and a lukewarm Maca Warroir Mocha with chocolate all over outside of the cup at a cost of $20. No thanks.
5	I absolutely love this place...one day I will open my own raw/vegan/juicing cafe...but until then...this will do. I only wish they had a Scottsdale location.The RAW TIRAMISU is to die for!
4	Pros: Their food looks and tastes awesome! Just looking at a plate from Pomegranate makes me feel healthy. So far everything I have eaten there is absolutely delicious (and I'm not a vegetarian). Their pastries, smoothies, and juices are great, and today I just tried their daily quesadilla...wow!Cons: As you will see from other reviews, it is very pricey. My quesadilla and a slice of cake was $21 (no beverage included). The other problem is that the wait can be annoying. I typically wait about 10 minutes just for a fresh juice, and yet today I ordered the quesadilla and it was ready in 5 minutes. Maybe it is a sign they are working out the kinks. I wish this place would provide waiter service and use the counter only for takeout orders. That would really speed up the process overall.Great, local, organic, amazing!
4	Albeit a little pricy, Pomegranete's cafe is the place to go for fresh, delicious vegan food. And you don't have to be a vegan to love this place. Everything is fresh-made, so service can be slow sometimes (and often it gets busy in there, so it's not a good combination) but it's worth the wait. With constant additions to the menu, there's always something new to try. I definitely recommend stoping by.
5	Good variety of fresh, healthy, and organic food.  Friendly people and excellent taste.  It is nice to go to a place where the food is different and good while the staff likes working there.
4	I'm not vegetarian, or vegan, but I was charmed by this restaurant.  My omelet was delicious and I loved the lemon ice water pitchers. My vegan friends who were with me loved the place and go there often. I would go there again.
5	Finally!! I have been meaning to go to the place forever.  Organic cafe with great food and such a great vibe.  Love the cowgirl cookies and the hummus is amazing.  Why can't they open another location closer to scottsdale?
4	I love this place, they have amazing food!  I love trying new things and this place always has something yummy and new on the menu.  The only bad thing I could say is that it's pretty expensive (hence the reason why I didn't give 5 stars).  I only eat here maybe a few times a year because of that.
5	This place is fabulous!  We shared several dishes and all were delicious.  The employees are helpful, friendly & lovely too!  We were told the Owner tries to buy everything local, all is organic and fresh.We shared a  raw almond joy like bar for dessert & it was to die for!   Pomegranate iced tea was yummy too. So happy Ahwatukee has this wonderful, healthy delicious place to eat!  Ask for the punch card to get free drinks after purchasing a certain amount.
4	I have to flip a coin to decide between this place and Chakra 4, and even 24 Carrots down the road from Poms. They all are similar in options and prices, but I prefer 24 Carrots as they 100% vegan and a quite bit friendlier. Service can be hit or miss, and there is an older lady that growls at us sometimes -- and I am not the only one that has imagined this. She's been out the last several times I have visited, so I'm happier about that. Yes, they are pricey, but in line with their competition. Parking can be a PITA during the weekend. Seems to appeal to the ladies brunch crowd, but the estrogen decor is not out of control.
4	This place is amazing!! I'm so glad that I work close to a place that serves such delicious veg/vegan food. I have to say, it's pricey for what it is, but if you want to eat well, it's worth it. I had the Kale salad with an organic Arnold Palmer (it's not on the menu--I asked them to mix it for me). Both were delicious. It's one of those places where you pay, get a number, and pick a table where they come bring your food. The staff is very friendly and attentive. They came by a few times to see if I needed anything, and even offered me free refills. I'd come back here any day to try more items on their menu, but I'd probably have to limit it to about once a week. My lunch came out to $18 the last time I was there (not quite sure how though). Overall, give this great place a shot if you don't mind your wallet taking a little bit of a hit. The veg/vegan options are among the best I've ever had.
5	Unbelievable... Both staff and food/drink!
2	I tried this place based on a recommendation of a co-worker.  I was very excited, so we ordered a variety of items.  The food was just average at best.  The tacos were so salty I couldn't finish them...what the heck!?!?  The salads were pretty good, but nothing over the top.  I don't think I will be trying this again....expected better based on the prices I paid.
4	Fantastic! Fresh ingredients and a wide variety if options on the menu. For dessert we had the pomegranate chocolate cake and it was really good, but had too much frosting. Will definitely be back!
4	I went into Pomegranate Cafe with a friend for lunch. We both ordered some Mexican style burritos and I can't recall the name now. The food was delicious, as was the dessert and the juice. The only down fall was the price. For 2 people to eat lunch it was $58! We each ordered a raw dessert and a drink to go with our food but I still felt that was a little steep.
4	Suhhhh good. Tad 'spensive, but worth it for the quality of ingredients.
2	Great food but I can't tolerate poor service. Called in order and was told they were busy. Would be 20-30 mins. Order took an hour. Unacceptable.
5	I've to this cafe a couple times. Their food and drinks are yummy.  I had sesame burger and my son had the teriyaki chicken.  It was a little too different for him but it didn't stop me from finishing it for him.  I would have liked a few more choices of dishes with meat but I suppose that would defeat the whole vegan cafe idea.
5	Very good, but kinda pricey. Staff is very friendly, the interior is super cute though!
5	Pomegranate never disappoints with their food and friendly staff. The prices are reasonable and there is so much to choose from. Every time I go in there it's always really busy but the food comes out within minutes and its delicious. In practice of being a vegan or at least a vegetarian, they make it very easy to stick to a healthy diet. I usually always get the avocado sandwich which comes with egg but I substitute it with the tofu option and it tastes exactly the same, if not better. Every meal usually comes with a side and they make their own juices right there in front of you, which are also super healthy and delicious.The Pomegranate staff is super friendly and I wouldn't want that place to do anything different.
4	As most reviews of this place state, the food is fresh, healthy and amazing. For us gluten-free seekers, there are many options that satisfy on the menu. The inside is large and spacious, casual. Service is not great, but this place also gets pretty busy around lunchtime. If you don't like vegan or vegetarian, this is not the place for you! There are no chicken sandwiches or turkey burgers here! I love the fresh smoothies, but they are quite pricey. Smoothies come in a mason size jar with a straw so this means you're getting a very small glass for about $8. But it's one of the only places of it's kind in our area. So if fresh, different and healthful is what you are craving, you will enjoy.
4	Good healthy food with a very friendly staff.  If your vegan or vegetarian this is the place to go.
3	This place can be nice or terrible depending on what time you go. I usually order the avocado and green chili cheese crisp. My most recent expierence was really disappointing. Before my recent vistit and any time I've gone there they always got my food out looking excellent, taste is amazing (however not consistent). The wait time doesn't bother me, I'm paying for good food I don't mind waiting. I ordered a TOGO of what I usually get and a smoothie that I've gotten before that I really liked. When I got home the smoothie had an after taste of barf, and the food was not good at all. I've gotten it a lot of times before so I'm not sure if they changed the vegan cheese on it or what happened. But it had this orange colored chesse on it and it didn't do the food any justice, didn't taste great at all. I ordered the vegan cheese, but it really looked and tasted like normal cheese. I am really disappointed, I spent a good amount of money on what I thought would be good food. I didn't spend the money so people could mess up on my food/drink. I would have rather them tell me they fucked up my order and spend the extra time making it right rather than getting it out as quickly as possible. I find the best service is around 4-closing. The morning service is just not that great.
5	Yum. Healthy. Delicious.
4	Great menu. I had the pizza, almond joy bar and one of pomegranate soda mixes. Everything tasted fresh and delicious.
4	Very good fresh food. Little expensive as expected from a place serving healthy fresh food and also vegan options. There was a long wait. We went on a Sunday morning. The juices menu was very tempting :). We ordered pancake, scrambled eggs, and avocado egg sandwitch. Avocado sandwitch was very yummy. Kids were happy with eggs, pancake, and coconut ice cream.
3	Between 3 and 4 stars. I love the idea and the ambiance was great but the service was very slow. I went here with a friend and when it comes to a point, after you order, where you have to ask how long we've been waiting to each other, we've already waited too long. And then you're thinking, okay we'll give it five more min, every five minutes, three times, we've waited too long. I ordered the lumberjack based on a lot of people's recommendations. It was good but even better without the tempeh on there. I guess it's supposed to be a bacon tempeh but I didn't care for it and in fact, I picked it out if my sandwich and I ended up loving my sandwich! I ordered the Cassie's latte too which was good but I don't think it's something I'll have often. It also got cold while waiting for the meal.
4	I'm have been vegan for many years & am very cautious about GMO's & avoid them at all cost. With that being said, I absolutely love that most everything at Pomegranate Cafe is vegan & organic & bonus stars for the raw options. I went there the first time towards the end of October & I had some kind of a burrito. I ate the whole thing, it was delicious. I then ordered a caramel coconut drink from their coffee menu along with a desert. Everything was delicious. After I was finished m I went to the bathroom to wash my hands & I am not sure what happened but shortly after I came out, I got nauseated. I puked all my lunch which is way odd for me to so b/c I NEVER vomit/puke or anything. Not even when I  sick. Maybe I was so excited I ate too quick & too much? I don't know. Another weird thing that happened was, during our lunch, I asked to keep one of the menus b/c I wanted to continue browsing through (it was my first time there) I was told I couldn't b/c they were short of menus. LOL. Odd. Then a few minutes later she gave me back the menu. Alrighty. Ha!!My B/F said that we should not come back b/c he was sure it was the food that made me sick but I refused to believe. We went back again a couple of weeks later & I had he raw tacos. They were good. We had a good experience. Except when I ordered my caramel coconut drink from the coffee menu, it didn't taste the same as last time. Like AT ALL. I ended up throwing it away. But, overall, a nice experience.My 3rd visit just a couple of weeks ago, I ordered the French toast and was very disappointing. There was nothing French toast about this French toast. It was a pastry, like banana bread. Totally didn't even eat it. Had a few bites but that's it. I did order the organic scramble & it was super delicious.4 stars for now.
2	cool menu with fresh ingredients, cool concept. One big problem is they are EXTREMELY SLOW! Service and way to expensive. If you plan on going here for lunch break between work you my not get you food in time before you need to go back to work. Plus everything is very pricy, 12-16 oz drink will run you 8 bucks! If you order a meal you will easily run you over 25 bucks.
4	We eat here often, and really enjoy the food and the staff.  But come on, turn down the florescent lights and turn up the heat.   And it's time for some decor--the garage sale chic is wearing pretty thin.
5	Pom has continued to thrive and grow for good reason. Great service, continued quality food and a fun atmosphere with daily specials that tempt even this staunch creature of habit! Dragon Bowl & Green Protein Bowl are still my favorites. The bean burrito for breakfast is delicious as well. Thanks Pom for keeping up the good healthy fight!
4	very good food, and healthy. Nice staff. The atmosphere is very cute and nice. The ONLY thing is that it takes forever to order and they only have one person on the register to take customers, this can easily be remedied by having 2 registers, but since there's only one, it takes 15-20 to order when it's busy (which is usually the only time I can go).
1	Not worthy of a near perfect rating, that's for sure.Had the lumberjack. It was okay, nothing to write home about, needed extra flavor and spice. Very bland.Took twenty minutes to get our food. Seemed like a long time since you order and pay and then sit down and wait.Lastly....Price! Holy crap!
2	I mean, it's probably the best $15 quesadilla you'll get in town.  If that's not your thing you can probably score a $14 salad.  But if you're really feeling froggy, try the $13 half soup and terrible sandwich!
5	First and foremost, I am not a vegan or vegetarian (I did have a little stint back in high school during my XXX hardcore days, but that's another  story). I enjoy eating meat. However, I do enjoy Vegan/vegetarian food as well which drew me to Pomegranate Cafe when I lived on the east side. To be honest, Pomegranate Cafe is an acquired taste.  It's not for everyone as with most restaurants similar. The food is organic and non processed and most dishes I have tried has an "earthy" taste.  The juices are freshly made and is exactly that JUICE. No additives, sugars necessary.  You get the full nutrients from the food you're eating/drinking. Whenever I come here (2-3 times/mo), I usually get the Lumberjack, hearty and delicious. I get it vegan even though a non vegan is available (when in Rome).  I also order the Abundance, a mean unpleasant looking green juice that is beyond delicious.  If I have room, as the portions are generous, I'll share dessert with friends.   As I've stated earlier, this place is not for everyone.  The prices are on the higher side, but for what you get, it's well worth it. Can you spend the same amount of money and get 25 cheeseburgers from McDonalds? Sure. If that's the case, then you have wasted your time reading this review. If you want a different culinary experience with healthy food, knowledgable staff, and relaxed ambiance, then give Pomegranate a try!
1	Very bland and very overpriced. Would not recommend this place. The service took FOREVER (20mins and you pay at the counter) and the food was entirely trying to be too trendy and lacked in all aspects.Pass.
5	I should start by saying I am not vegan or vegetarian I just enjoy clean, healthy, local eating and small family business. Pomegranate cafe has delicious food, amazing staff and service and a family oriented family feel. Highly recommend this place.
5	yum yum yum!
3	It's good to have vegetarian/vegan/raw options in this neck of the woods; they're not that common.  Raw food can be pricey; some of the key ingredients are expensive and if the kitchen is making items like "raw cheese", it's labor intensive.The food was good to great.  i had the raw tacos and got my daughter the kids scrambled eggs, which seems like a good value for the nice sized portion of eggs, about a half an apple, two pieces of wheat toast and an ice cream cup.Here's the part that was off-putting:Standing at the bountiful raw/vegan/gf pastry bar, waiting a bit for the ice cream to-go, I wondered aloud to the manager/owner/hostess (not sure) about how the raw chocolate-looking items were processed.  She explained a bit how it was from "raw cacao powder" mixed with etc, and asked at some point in the exchange if I was familiar with raw food diet.  Not quite sure how that was relevant to my question, but it set a bit of an us/them polarity to the conversation.  And yes, I've done 2 longish stints of raw vegan diet.  I pressed on the processing of "raw cacao nibs", as I've visited a couple of chocolate farms and the processing I learned of included roasting the beans; they're inedible otherwise. She replied that they weren't roasted, and they're certified raw, and "oh, you haven't heard of raw cacao powder?".  Again, fairly irrelevant to my question, and yes, I know it's a common ingredient in raw desserts. Maybe it seemed like I was questioning the integrity of the restaurant, which caused her to be so defensive, but I was asking in the spirit of learning a bit more from a (hopefully) educated raw food professional. I shutdown when she mentioned the beans weren't roasted, bc I know enough about the process to know that they HAVE to be.  It was good to dig a little bit more into the  subject online today, to find out that the questions I asked are actually active debates within the community, ie:http://nourishmylife.wordpress.com/2013/04/24/raw-cacao-vs-cocoa/Raw food eating, i think, necessarily causes its participants to be more mindful, and therefore, more educated about their eating and food sources and the processes involved and sourcing.  I would love to see Pomegranate, and its staff, as true educators of this type of eating in the very suburban suburbs that the restaurant is located in.  Unfortunately, this wasn't my experience today.
1	I'm appalled by the service that has come into this once treasured and beautiful establishment. At the rate that this cafe is going with changing servers or people that work there. It's soon to become an eye sore or forgotten name rather than a good organic and wholesome family friendly atmosphere. Arriving it's usually always packed. So of course they'll be some wait. Though now I see that it has become inexcusable. Upon arrival and placing our order. We located a nice yellow half moon table near the wall. As we looked around I could see 2 other tables. But all of them still had food or some sort of disgusting particles all over them. I politely asked a person at the counter if I could please get a wash cloth. I understand you can be busy, maybe I can at least do it quicker and you can move on with orders. Is this what made the rest of the time unhappy. Did we say or do something that caused them to deny us a basic and pleasurable time. For after that simple ask of clearing the table. It all went down hill. We sat at the table, and waited. I listened to some music and my wife had a conversation on the phone. Tables started leaving and new people arriving. Servers moving about and still nothing arrived. I hate to complain or to even state the obvious, though we all should enjoy ourselves. And 35 mins later, we're still at the table waiting. It got under my skin as the people behind us in line and those after that who ordered had already received their food. And are working on dessert. I walked to the back, locating one of their polite employees asking if they might have seen our order. A few minutes later one of the guys approached our table to state we're next. NEXT, we should have received it 40 minutes ago. And we continued to wait. My god, it's been an hour. I've seen new people come and go, tables being dismissed and still no food. Did they lose the ticket. Not once did anyone come up, and ask - anything. Finally, our food arrived. Well I guess something arrived. After stating the fact they rushed to the order. Not the order we placed, just what the menu states. We asked at the beginning for sauce on the side. Instead I received Krakatoa on my plate, sauces over run the food. Ugh, horrible. Seriously, fess up. Don't cover up, it's the worst way to do business. So with Krakatoa on the plate I walked back to the kitchen asking for our ticket. Just to be sure if sauce on the side was overheard or dismissed. And with that, we sat down at the table waiting for our plate of organically with sauce in the side. Well folks the kitchen people royally screwed the pooch on this one. They misplaced, again the remake of sauce on the side until we once again nudged them 30 mins later. Total time approaching 2hrs. The food is good, fresh and tasty. Though not pleasurable to the palate when you're made to wait, when it's made incorrectly. Nausea fills your stomach and everything you eat is sludge. At the end of the ordeal, all said and done we left. Was it pleasurable - no. Did it Taste well- it did and not. Was it worth it - no. Clean up house, pay more if you have to, fix the leaks, train better. So that we may eat and enjoy ourselves as we need to.
1	I have eaten at Pomegranate 4 or 5 times since it originally opened. I have never, NEVER, gotten my food in under 35 minutes. Keep in mind I generally order for myself, and at most, one other person. Recently I was made to wait nearly an hour for 2 sandwiches. I was one of 3 other people in the restaurant, and I was asked two times after paying what I had ordered. They offered me a "couple of desserts for the wait." Instead I received a single bite sized cookie. The food isn't terrible when they actually make what you ask ( I have asked for no olives on my salads 3 times, and always end up with olives) but it certainly isn't worth the price, or the time it takes. I have wasted several lunch breaks at Pomegranate. I've given this place way too many chances.
3	Pros Food is always good and fresh - Five starsCons - One StarLong wait - I am talking no in store and it took 20 min to make 1 smoothie , 1 Latte and 1 JuiceWe have tried .the business 5 time and never been out the door in less than 20 min
5	It was surprisingly good Vegan food. I had breakfast there and the cinnamon french toast was AMAZING!!!
4	I'm not even vegan/vegetarian. But this place is delicious and earthy. Trendy decor and very eclectic range of people. I feel healthier when I eat here. It's just sooo pricey. I get one smoothie, burrito & cookie for $30!!!!  That's a little outrageous. And the service is always SLOW. But friendly!!!!!
4	Soooo, this is one of my favorite places to eat in the Phoenix area and have watched it grow almost since it's inception...Food is always super fresh and delicious! Sometimes the food has taken a bit, but well worth the wait.  Plus they started bringing out chips and salsa which made me almost forget I had food coming because the salsa was SO good.  Needless to say I have brought many friends/family/carnivores here and NOT ONE of them was disappointed.
3	I need to go back to this place to really rate them accurately. All I had here was a cowboy bar, and unfortunately, I wasn't a huge fan. It looks like a chocolatey delicious bar and was highly recommended by the staff, but it tasted like oatmeal or something....an overwhelming odd flavor, especially in the after taste. It was 5$ and the husband and I didn't eat it all, so it wasn't a great value. I noticed other items were also very expensive, they had a juice that cost 9$...whoa.  I would want to try other things here, but so far, I'm not totally convinced.
4	My husband and I are just a joy to cook for. He's gluten and dairy intolerant, and I'm a vegetarian. Pomegranate Cafe has us both covered with numerous menu choices plus a great dessert case.I first tried this place with Laura L., and I was delighted with the lumberjack sandwich (tofu and regular cheese) and sweet potato hash . The sandwich was great, and despite the name, it was a reasonable size. I also had a nice latte along with my breakfast. At the time, I paid with a gift certificate so I didn't pay attention to how pricey it was.I returned for lunch while my car was being tuned up, and I got a massive burrito filled with quinoa and veggies. It came with a lightly dressed salad on the side. I brought home a carrot cupcake for my husband, and he thought it was great. My lunch, latte and dessert was nearly $30. Perhaps Pomegranate Cafe isn't a great value, but all the food is delicious. It's an excellent choice for those of us with special diets.
5	Fresh organic ingredients, you can't beat. The place is pricey but the quality is there. If you like fresh squeezed juice this is your place, plus the omelets actually have real veggies in them. It's an eclectic spot with good vegan and organic options. The wife luvs the raw desserts...
4	A huge improvement, a complete turn-around. As though Mr. Happy himself has been imbued into the staff here. Upon arrival, it was empty but then started filling up. The wait staff and hostess at the counter were pleasant and very helpful. Upon ordering we received our little flag and found our table to sit. The brownie was brought out first. Very quick this time around. Not more then 5 mins. And within a minute more, another person brought out our drink. She was gracious and very polite, making the experience so much more delightful. Within a few more minutes, a younger waitstaff came around to let us know our food will be next. Also very polite, and not sassy. Once again, a complete turnaround from our previous experience. All the i's dotted all the t's crossed. And not just for us, we witnessed the same pleasant demeanor for every guest that came to eat. Always someone stopping by to ask how the meal is, everything to our satisfaction. Perfect - Delicious - Very Hospitable and Friendly4 stars is only because the restroom needed a little pickme up. fin
4	Pretty good. I've been wanting to try this place but it's too far. So yesterday since I was in the area, I stopped by. I ordered their burger of the day, mushroom quinoa, and it came with root potato fries and a strawberry salad. The burger was great, I didn't care for the fries, and the salad was delicious but it only had lettuce and strawberries, the description said it also included avocado and candied pecans but mine didn't. I didn't notice until I finished. A bit pricier than I'd like for lunch but for fresh, local, vegetarian food I understand. I'd go back if I was nearby to try more items and sample their dessert.
5	Surprisingly good.  I like healthy foods, but I usually find vegan food to be gritty or bland or dry.  This food was more delicious than I've had at places that use fat and eggs and butter and all that good stuff.  We went back twice in a row.The cinnamon french toast was soft and flavorful.  Tiny apple slices brought a medley of tastes.  My friends enjoyed their omelets.  The juices were a little funky for me, but if you like a kick of ginger and spices, you'll have plenty to choose from.The decor is colorful and inviting, and there always seemed to be tables open.The staff is young and helpful, and seem to enjoy working there.  They patiently help you navigate the menu.  Some aren't quite focused when it comes to fixing mistakes (you wanted which sauce?  um, okay, be back in ten minutes...), but it's more cluelessness than apathy.Overall, good for a leisurely and healthy brunch/lunch.  I would definitely return.
4	I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but I love my veggies and people who are creative enough to be vegan/vegetarian. My friend and I had a reservation for lunch. Right on time our table was ready, our wait staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and we got great service given how packed it was around lunch. My only complaint was being forced to pick just one dish! Everything looked and tasted wonderful. I had a beet burger (a first for me and I LOVE beets). Most beets can be VERY earthy but this was a beautiful and delicious mix of herbs and spices. They served it with a great aioli sauce, a kale salad and sweet potato fries. My friend had the walnut meat salad which was HUGE but she said it tasted great. We had the Hibiscus Cooler and Green Apple Lime Refresh. It was a bit pricy but no more so than a good sushi lunch. The portions were very generous. The atmosphere was great, lots of couples, families, young and old, and all very down to earth. They also had an extensive GF, GFO, and RAW (basically uncooked)  selection. At some point I'm going back for the RAW! Arizona Roll (vegan sushi) and Abundance juice soon.
4	Loved the Passion Juice. The ginger flavor was subtle, but it elevated the juice significantly. I had the Beet POM burger, which was good but not great. Would definitely go back to try more specials.
1	The menu is not nearly descriptive enough. I ordered a chickpea Mediterranean salad expecting falafel on a bed of lettuce. What I got was curried chickpea cakes on swiss chard and kale...disgusting. Not to mention two salads and lemonade cost $46. Never coming here again.
3	Ok, let me start by saying- I have been coming to this place since the very beginning. Before they broke down the wall and expanded, through all their renovations and menu changes I have been coming here. I'm a huge supporter of local healthy cafes, especially with vegan/vegetarian options. I'm willing to pay the extra dime to get great, healthy and quality food. With that being said, the food here is amazing. It is a little overpriced considering how many vegan cafes I've visited all over, but it's worth the extra couple of bucks. I honestly wish I could give this place 5 stars for the food, but it's the whole experience that makes a place worth the visit. The owners of Pomegranate are great. Every time they are there, things run smoother and they are always friendly and inviting. The other staff members are unfortunately not the same way. I thought the first couple of times that maybe they were just having a bad day, but it's become a regular occurrence when I visit. You go up to the iPad to order and aren't greeted with a smile, and are given attitude through out ordering. I'm always more than willing to give a tip for friendly and helpful service, but I can't get myself to leave a tip for the service I'm receiving. Not to mention they are drinking a smoothie or eating food right there behind the counter which makes me question the cleanliness of the place. I've worked in the restaurant industry and I've never dreamed of breaking a rule like eating and drinking where you are preparing food for guests. It really is unfortunate that something so small and manageable can make a place seem tacky and unprofessional. I also understand that making fresh food takes time to prepare, especially when they are busy, but I do feel they could be more organized in the way they handle the rush of people. Waiting 45-50 minutes for a meal is a little absurd. They are either understaffed in the kitchen or do not have enough kitchen supplies to meet with the demand they get. They get flustered and forget to give us our drinks or pastries and it once again, just comes off as unprofessional.With all this being said, I do hope people continue to support this place for the sake of the food and the concept that I love. I've found myself frequenting less and looking elsewhere to satisfy my healthy craving, because of these few unfortunate things.
4	If youre into eating healthy...this place is perfect! Great smoothies as well. The only reason i didnt give ot 5 stars is because the one time I went it took forever to get our food.But the servers were nice and the food/smoothies were worth the wait.
4	Great food, great staff,
5	I had great service and the food was excellent! The juice is really good, the abundance is my fav. The cute short waitress with long brown hair and blue eyes working was very polite and informative. Definitely coming back.
5	If I could give this place a 10 star I would. This is the only public food place in the world that I trust 100% with my food.  I stumbled across this place about 1.5 years ago and instantly fell in love.  Their intent behind the food is what keeps me coming back.  The energy in the place is fantastic.  They know what they are doing and build up the community along the way.  I will always recommend them to anyone who is health conscious and understands the importance of local, sustainable and health conscious food.
4	I love the freshness and natural components to Pomegranate's menu.  The food all has an organic and earthy taste that is delicious!  I will continue to go back again and again.  Only downfall is that it is VERY expensive!
5	I love pomegranate seeds so why would Pomegranate Cafe be any different? This little mix matched spot is adorable, it's what my Pinterest boards dream to look like. Wooden tables, chairs with fresh words on them, mason jars EVERYWHERE and all fresh ingredients to boot.    I've had a sun warrior smoothie and the Raw! Tacos which were to die for. The walnut meat was spicy and delicious wrapped up in cabbage leaves. I'm hooked on their food pairings and the vibe they give off. P. S. Their dessert selection is to die for. Lemon bars? Gluten free goodness.
4	If you're into healthy, organic/vegan, fair-trade food, this is the place to go! It's generally always busy so I wouldn't say come here when you're in a rush. I have tried several things on the menu and am never disappointed. I'm only giving it four stars though because yes, it is a bit pricy. Still- worth it!
5	I miss coming here. I moved from AZ, and this is almost worth the plane trip in itself for these raw goodies.Everything is made fresh in house. You won't find corn syrup or sodas, or GMO products. Instead, you will find organic, vegan, and raw selections  that won't make you feel you are sacrificing taste for healthy.When I'm visiting AZ, this is the first place I want to eat at. Everything here is delicious and while the menu does keep a few classics, it also rotates with fresh soups of the day, desserts, and juices to keep new tempting offerings to chose from, and my taste buds wanting more.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!  Very fresh dishes, the smoothies look amazing so I can't wait to try one!  We've always had super friendly service, and the bakery chef is the best!  We love Mrs. Haas and the entire family - Definitely recommend this place for anyone that is looking for healthy, GF, and super fresh options!
5	Everything was delicious & there was a lot to choose from. The place is an awesome hangout- hip & earthy. We tried the tamales, breakfast burrito and burger with rainbow juice & strawberry sunrise. The rainbow juice was spicy (ginger) & refreshing. I had more energy & felt healthier after drinking it. The $9 price tag seemed a bit high for a juice but thats prob how much all the veggies cost to put in there. Can't wait to go again and try more of their menu options.
5	I am not a vegan.  I am not a vegetarian.  But man, oh man, if I could eat here every day I just might be.  I don't care if you go meatless or not, the food here is on point.  It's also great to eat something tantalizing to your taste buds and also not feel like a fatty patty when you leave.  Everything tastes impeccable and wonderfully fresh.  Don't forget to hit up the dessert case before you leave!  I'll be a customer for life.
5	LOVE this place, the atmosphere, the breakfast food & especially the coffee. We moved from Ahwatukee to Tempe but still try to make it over to Pomegranate as much as we can.
5	Honestly one of my favorite restaurants.Pomegranate is place I can go and literally order anything and know it will be good for me. I have some issues with dairy and gluten so its nice to know that I can order lunch and not feel gross after I eat.I usually get the burger special they have which never disappoints. I also love the breakfast protein bowl and have tried some of their raw selections - all so delicious! Everything is homemade, organic and a lot of the food is locally sourced. Yes, this won't be an $5 footlong but like others have said organic, fresh food is pricey. I buy it for my kitchen. I would rather pay more to eat food that is good for my body and that is truly natural. Thanks Pomegranate!!
1	Such a shame. This is the exact kind of restaurant Im always looking for. Too bad the staff are oblivious to basic customer service. I've never been in, so i asked if I seat myself or wait to be seated. This question really threw the waiter for a loop. He just didn't know how to answer. Because I was carrying my laptop bag- he was more concerned on whether or not a was giving a lecture or something. Very strange... Then I had a seat, but Boone came to my table to take my order. So, I notice the "order here" sign. I got up and asked, "is this where I order?". They responded, "wherever....". It was like pulling teeth to figure out whether I seat myself or wait to be seated, whether a server takes my order or I order at the counter. It shouldn't be so hard to spend $20+ on a lunch and drink- long story short. I just can't support a company with staff that are do co fused and oblivious as to the basic functions of their job or just basic guest service.I've never seen a place run with such confused employees. I mean, who can't day whether its seat yourself or not? Who cannot say whether a server will take your order or whether you order at the counter? Ridiculous.
2	I've been to Pomegranate several times over the past few years since it has been open. I'm always trying to give this place yet another chance because I genuinely want it to get better but it unfortunately never does. On every occasion that I've been here the customer service is beyond terrible. It's generally the same staff working, including the owners, and every time they've been rude, unpleasant, and unhelpful to a point where I feel extremely uncomfortable. The reason I've tried giving this restaurant more than one chance to redeem itself is because of the quality of the meals and ingredients that are used on the menu. The problem? It's overpriced. I understand they're using great ingredients, but I do all of my grocery and dining at places that have the same exact high quality standards that don't cost nearly as much as Pomegranate does. Some of the items I have bought were decent but I've had a few meals from them that made me sick immediately after. I love the idea behind Pomegranate so I hope that over time they can improve their menu, prices, and customer service skills.
3	Food is great. BUT.. Completely over priced. And to top that off they recently  raised the prices!! Food comes out different portion sizes every time too..kinda frustrating.
5	FOOD is awesome!  If you love organic healthy eats, this is the place for you. It is a bit pricey but unfortunately, organic food costs more.   It is a bit of a hike if you are just visiting but well worth the visit.  LOVE this place!
3	Good food, okay service, overpriced. To bad, because I would love to go more frequently. Again, simply overpriced.
4	Delicious food, nice atmosphere. I was skeptical when looking at the menu and all the vegan offerings (sometimes vegetarian restaurants try a little too hard to be creative), but this was the best sandwich I've had in a long time (Sunizona BLT). I chose the side of hummus with vegetables; also excellent. The only drawback is it's a little pricey ($13 for a sandwich and side).
3	I like this place because it's one of the only places around here to get a coconut milk latte.  They also have AMAZING gluten-free and dairy-free treats, and kombucha. Win, win, win.  AND it's right next to Trader Joe's...win!  However, their hours keep changing, so I never know how late they will be open.  Also, it is very confusing as to whether you seat yourself and someone will take your order, or if you go order and then sit down.  Last time I was there, I saw people doing it both ways. I had ordered and then sat down, and the servers ignored me, but seemed to wait on everyone around me.  It's also expensive and usually crazy busy.  But I continue to come here for the coffee and raw/gluten-free treats, and fun health-foody finds like maca powder and mason jar glasses!
5	Awesome food every time!  We have been coming here for years and the food just keeps getting better.  The owner is passionate about her business and it shows through in her final product.  If you are interested in eating healthy you can't go wrong here. We particularly love the southwestern mac and cheese and elephant curry bowl.  The staff lately has been particularly great!
4	Food is always fresh and tasty. Definitely more money than a typical salad or sandwich, but what do you expect from these trendy spots? The food is local and there's som obscure ingredients, plus you get to feel good about eating it. It's a nice spot to go for lunch with friends or if you're on a health food kick. Would recommend the bountiful bowl, whales pasta, and grilled cheese.
5	Loveeee this place! Best food ever and SO healthy. I recommend the tacos but it is big you could share it easily.  Super yummy. Wonderful service!!!  Going to be ranting and raving about this place for a long time to come!!!
4	Went there for breakfast while visiting Phoenix. Hubby had the banana bread french toast and I had a delicious vegan breakfast sandwich I can't remember the name of. It came with a side of "hash" sweet potatoes, which I'd normally love, but they were over salted. Service was great - when I told them about the problem with the side, they took 25% off the price of my breakfast, without any protest at all. Very sweet and personable staff all around. I also had a cinnamon roll and a latte - both delish. I will certainly visit again next time I pass through Phoenix!
5	Pomegranate is my favorite restaurant; everything is fresh, healthy, and delicious. I love the Rainbow Roll and the Collard Green Wrap the best, but everything I've eaten there has been amazing. I guess it's pricier than other places you can go, but that's because of the quality of what you're eating. For anyone attempting to follow a plant-based, detoxifying diet, this place is a dream! And don't get me started on their phenomenal vegan desserts, which are out of this world. I'm drooling just thinking about their Cheesecake Bites. I love you, Pomegranate!
5	This place is seriously one of my favorite places to eat! The food is so good and the service is always excellent, I'm not vegetarian but I still love their food! Their espresso is also absolutely AMAZING! I constantly recommend this place.
3	Usually I love this place but I ordered ahead & told the time I would be in. Not sure when they put my burger on the bar but it was all cold & very disappointing. Ah well.
5	I love this restaurant go there any time I can get over to that side of town. Can't wait for the new one to open in Gilbert. The BEST vegan, vegitarian food I have had around. What a great concept and love the new makeover of the place. The owners are doing their best to always improve their food and service so give them credit and patience and be respectful of the staff and the customers. Very home like atmosphere. The deserts are pretty amazing too.
5	Very delicious food. I'm not a vegetarian, but I enjoyed the BBQ veggie quesadilla. The food was flavorful and tasted fresh and healthy. And it was plenty of food, I was stuffed!
3	Food is tasty, but over priced. It's simple things put together. Service took long for one meal to go. A nice place to have a Sunday brunch though.
5	It really doesn't get any better than this! You could close your eyes and pick anything on the menu and you'll love it! Beautiful , healthy and creative food. The owner is so sweet and the staff so friendly. If I could eat at Pomegranate  everyday I would!
5	Delicious, well crafted, healthy food! The options were many and it was hard to decide. Lots of substitutions in case you're vegan, gluten free, etc. Cucumber water, smoothies, juices, and even a huge case of vegan desserts! Peaceful atmosphere and wonderful service. Loved it all-new favorite breakfast joint!
4	In reading other reviews...some were not so good.. but I really like this place!  Service was good, yes, a little on the slow side...but worth the wait!  Food is fresh and amazing!  I've only been there twice and plan on going many more!
5	Last time I was here I left a 3 star. The owner responded right away & made things right. Today I am here & the food was exceptional as well as the service. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. I drive from north central Phoenix & it is always worth it!! Yum! Cookies & deserts are the best outside of Denver or San Francisco!
5	Was in Phoenix the other day and was hoping to find a Vegan restaurant so I immediately got on Yelp and found this place. After reading a few of the reviews and getting a bit curious I decided to come in here. Best choice ever! It was absolutely delicious! I asked for a quesadilla which was amazing!!! The only thing that I wasn't a big fan of was the big pieces of; I believe it was pepper and onions, but that was my fault since I should have asked what they put in it. It was also pricey, I believe my total came it to $12, but for vegan food that you see them make right in front of you. What do you expect? It was so worth it and I hope to be visiting Arizona again soon so I can come back here! It was absolutely delicious!! I'm craving it again right now!
4	Really good. Will come again. One star off for the confusing order counter vs. sit down.
4	Delicious flavorful vegetarian restaurant the best I've had in phoenix. Prices are higher than most buy for all organic ingredients it's understandable. I would recommend this so long as you know it's 25 percent more than everywhere else.
4	A new favorite!!! Delicious! Fresh & full of variety. Especially enjoyed the raw tacos & vegan pizza. Pricey but its all organic and a better serving size than some other gourmet joints.
4	I was nervous about the service situation after reading other reviews but clearly the Pomegranate gang listened to feedback. We were greeted as we walked in and the young lady explained our choices to sit or order at the counter.  The menu was eclectic and had something for everyone as long as no one was dying for bacon. The daily scramble was tasty and filling. Despite the fact I was a square banker in a hippy kingdom, I very much enjoyed the experience and will be back.
5	We discovered this place through everyone's Yelp reviews and they were right - this place is simply AMAZING!  I wish I could come here more often but it seems to be our before Ikea stop to fill up before we battle those awful crowds.  Please expand your reach and open a place in north Phoenix so we can enjoy your food more often!
4	Pomegranate's savory dishes that I've tried have all been amazing.  Their sweet dishes, on the other hand, are hit or miss.  Their Love the Whales Mac & Cheese bowl is probably the best vegan mac & cheese I've ever tried.  The portion size is huge and I split it up to last me three meals.  Their raw tostadas were absolutely incredible.  Every time I go there I look for this in the raw case, but alas, I've only been able to find it once.  Again, a very generous portion.  You can easily get leftovers from most of their meals.  The quesadilla was also good, and the tofu scramble is all right.  Tasty but nothing special.Their coffees, however, have all been...well, bad.  I've tried a latte, a mocha, and the coconut caramel latte.  The coconut caramel latte was all right, although definitely not a favorite.  The latte and mocha were leaning toward the nasty side.  Their pancakes and French toast are a bit dry and not as fluffy as I would hope.  The cinnamon rolls, on the other hand, were great.  The chai muffin was all right, but cloyingly sweet.In short, stick with any savory items you find on the menu, and if you're craving sweets or coffee, go to Nami instead.
5	I visited Pomegranate Cafe for lunch with several colleagues. The juices and smoothies looked amazing, but I held off because they were $9 and I'm cheap. I opted instead for the Green Bandito Burrito. The service was prompt, and the staff was friendly and helpful. Upon my first taste of the burrito, I exclaimed that I wanted to marry it and have its babies. This burrito was equal parts hearty, flavorful and delicious (quite an accomplishment for vegan fare). It arrived nestled next to a strawberry pecan salad and a side of mild salsa. The price was slightly steep, but you can't put a price on happiness. I'll be back soon.
5	Stopped by this morning to pick up a quick bite to eat before work.  I tried the Acaii Berry Parfait, and I loved it!!!  I'm going to have to start getting one on a regular basis.  Great job Pomegranate!
5	We've been going at least twice a month since this friendly, family owned cafe opened a few years ago. Their vegan/vegetarian menu is creative and full of delicious organic ingredients. I love the Wild Western Tacos for breakfast. And for lunch either the avocado sandwich or elephant curry. (Not made from elephants.... C'mon!)The smoothies and fresh juices are expensive but delicious. In fact that can be said of everything on the menu! However this is very much factored away when you consider their use of fresh, local, organic ingredients and very attentive service. My favorite juice is the cold and flu buster but often I just go for the fresh squeezed oj. This is the best place to get one of these I've found since moving to the valley 8 yrs ago.
4	My daughters brought me here and we keep coming back whenever I am in town. Clean, healthy, big portions, and made with love. I'm from KY so of course the prices seem high, but the food is worth it. Pay attention to the specials. Smoothie, juice, latte, dang so many fun choices.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant. What an incredible menu and such a kind place to eat. Options for veg/an and human kind in general. We are all gentler souls for having visited this brilliant establishment. Kudos to mother and daughter dream team. SO worth the drive to Ahwatukee.
4	Great food, great ambiance worth every penny! Choices abound, freshly made authentic flavors, etc...highly recommend it.
5	Absolutely amazing! Don't be put off by the pricing it is absolutely worth it. No froo froo meals here- you will leave full, if not stuffed! So refreshing to find a place passionate about providing quality, fresh, vegetarian food! My mother and I were overwhelmed to actually have a menu where we could eat everything! Not just a side here or there but full, flavorful amazing dishes! I got the avocado sandwich, Ma got the Lumberjack. Absolutely fantastic! Service was a little slow, but they were busy and we needed the time to choose, so we were fine with it.  We will definitely be back! I only wished I lived closer! :)  Try them- thank me later!
4	Very large restaurant - tables are elbow to elbow. Went for breakfast and had the banana nut pancakes (yum!) and hubby had some egg sandwich extravaganza that the table next to us was oping and ashing over. Friendly service, great prices, good coffee. Definitely could become a habit.
5	I just had the best experience at Pomegranate Cafe! This was my first time and the cashier and the owner went over the menu with me and provided suggestions on what to get. It was a hard decision because everything sounds amazing. I finally settled on the Athena Bowl which has tabouli, hummus, pesto on a bed of kale. The flavor was amazing and the pita bread was great for the hummus and pesto. I must also say that the restaurant is so adorable! They have the cutest tables with great center pieces. I noticed on the way out that they have herb boxes out front amongst the outdoor seating. The desert case is to die for and I gave into temptation and left with a slice of carrot cake AND a brownie. I know, I was really bad! The thing that impressed me the most about this place (besides the vegan food) is that they are so nice! Everyone there was so social and made me feel right at home. I really hope that they open up additional locations and put one in North Phoenix.
4	Who knew eating healthy could taste so good. My wife absolutely loves this place and has gotten so much inspiration for our habits at home from this place. For me it's 5 stars for the food and atmosphere.  Only downside is its not cheap. You'll shell out to eat here. I do suggest their smoothies, excellent.
5	Pomegranate is my favorite restaurants. I am consistently impressed by the high quality of their foods, the different specials, the customer service, and the atmosphere. As a vegan, it is hard to find restaurants to eat at, and even harder to find ones that are packed full of whole food ingredients and made on-site.An example of their exceptional customer service was on this past Mother's Day, when we did not have a reservation (and the restaurant was packed), but the workers made a point to help us find a place to sit anyways and were very accomodating to my mother's food allergies.  My last visit, I shared an amazing slice of chocolate cake (very rich and surprisingly like the non-vegan variety), two delicious juices, the raw tacos, and a loaded baked potato quesadilla. Both entrees came with an amazing kale salad. In the past, I have had brunch and dinner. If you are looking for a healthy, satisfying (you won't leave hungry) and appropriately priced (when you consider the value you get) meal, come to Pomegranate!
5	This place is a vegan's dream come true! Everything on the menu is vegan by default and if you want dairy, you have to request it! the menu is pretty sizeable and includes everything from french toast for breakfast to some sweet treats for dessert! I had the Chick-un wrap which comes with a vegan aioli and some really delicious marinated kale, avocado, and a bunch of other yummy stuff. For dessert I gave their cheesecake a try, which was....eh. I also had their version of an almond joy which was awesome! They also have some pretty delcious looking cookies. The service was good and I'll definitely be back.
5	Wow that was worth the drive from California. Everything was great we all got different things and tried them all. I can't wait to try my Togo burrito.  We had the lumberjack , pumpkin french toast, avo Sammy, and the brunch special  all were equally amazing. We got two juices both so good . I wish we had one in so cal !
5	They have amazing food. Our favorite are the deserts, especially the raw cheesecake. It's not just for vegetarians/ vegans - even my grandpa who eats meat everyday was loving the Philly melt......until we told him it wasn't beef :-)
5	One of my favorite places for vegan breakfast! Today's feast included pecan cinnamon rolls and a tofu scramble! Their secret weapon is an innocent looking pomegranate jam! Knock your sox off!
5	LOVE this place.Perfect for any dietary needs or preferences. Cute date spot for any of you herbivore couples. Glad they're opened up late again!
2	I was excited when this restaurant opened so close to me. As a vegetarian there are limited restaurants that I can enjoy. I decided to meet some clients there to discuss their upcoming wedding photography.  Their menu had a lot of choices and I was impressed with the different things I could try. I decided for meeting my clients, I would just have a piece of cake and something to drink. I got my drink and my clients got their items after about 20 min. but my item did not arrive. I had asked three different people if they could check on where it was, each time they indicated that they could, but no one thought to walk to the bakery case and put the piece of cake on the plate and bring it to me. 45 minutes later I finally just asked for the item to go. I didn't get an apology, or offer to rectify the situation. The Individual that finally brought me my food, in the to go box, was aware I had been waiting almost an hour. I'm sure this restaurant is wonderful for a lot of people, I have no intention on returning.
5	Colorful, delicious raw food.  Nice employees. Fair prices.  Nice happy atmosphere.I like to be Raw Native Cobb salad.  The small is nine dollars.
2	While the food is decent the service sucks. Personally I hate the place but I'm dragged here each weekend to endure the conversation of a kid working here who tells me that 45 mins is a standard wait for a breakfast burrito. No more. Today was my last visit.Note--Not all the servers are bad. A couple guys here are really good. I know everyone wants to enjoy a mock sausage scramble...but step up your game on service.Oh and get high chairs with buckles for infants that work.
3	Definitely a place for vegetarians. If you're a guy that likes pasta hamburgers wings lasagna etc then this is not the place for you.
5	I loved this place !!! Food is fresh and delicious!! Menu is original, with many choices to please a family of four! Best cheesecake I had!!! Staff is nice and efficient, and very cool ambiance.
5	Love this place, so glad to have a veg friendly cafe for when I'm in town visiting fam! Love the POM milk in my coffee...and the rest of the menu,well, I pretty much wanna eat it all! :)Also, very friendly staff which is always a huge plus.
5	Fantastic meal. Had the Athena bowl and it was amazing. It had a side of kalamata hummus and macadamia nut pesto. So many flavors that meshed deliciously!
5	I haven't been back since my last review, and I'm so pleasantly surprised. Everything looks beautiful inside and the workers are vibrant and friendly. I'm so excited and happy for them that they are expanding and I can't wait to visit again and see their growth. It truly shows how much the owners care, that they take constructive criticism and turn it around into a positive. Thanks for being my favorite Tukee spot!
4	Love that there are tons of vegetarian, vegan and raw options, and the recipes are different than what you'd expect. They regularly update their menu. The first time I went there they had different types of bowls, burritos, sandwiches, smoothies, juices. They even have a bakery up front. The decor is cute, pomegranate-themed of course, but not in your face. (They even put pomegranate seeds in your water!) The backs of the chairs have enticing words like "fresh," and "natural." You really feel like a lot of love was put into the cafe to provide people with fresh organic food. They do have mock meat but they have descriptions of what it is made out of. I had the kelp noodle bowl which had clear kelp noodles, mushrooms and marinated tofu. My friend had the sushi (no meat)... sooooo good! The employees are very nice and helpful. Unfortunately, the second time my boyfriend and I decided to go, we arrived after 4pm on a weekday, which is the time they closed. So disappointing! Instead, we had to go to the Mexican restaurant in the shopping center. I would also like to point out that the placement of the cafe is spot on as far as the trend of natural healthy living because it's next to Trader Joe's, a natural pet food store and a yoga studio.
3	This place is great, unless you're in a rush. The food is delicious, fresh, organic, and local. It's all vegan and vegetarian fare with lots of gluten-free options. On top of this, everything tastes great.The biggest drawback is how painfully slow the service is. Getting seated and placing orders takes no time at all, but be prepared to wait a good while for your food to get to you.
