5	I decided to schedule a blow dry and makeup application at the last minute for a business photo shoot. (Platinum Entourage was  recommended by a journalist I have a lot of respect for so I felt confident giving it a try. I also loved that they have a menu of styles so I knew my options before I even walked in. I have naturally curly hair I like blown straight and I've had some bad experiences in the past, so I'm nervous taking chances!)  A day later I'm *still* blown away by my incredible experience here. The fabulous service started the minute I called to book the appointment. The owner, creative director, other execs and staff were extraordinarily attentive and warm. They make sure the client is happy, pampered. comfortable and cared for at every moment.  Todd, the owner, is creative, fun and brilliant. He had some great ideas about a style that would work well with my face shape. The team at Platinum Entourage truly transformed me and accented my features to make me look my best. I walked out feeling fabulous.  While I'm loyal to a hair stylist and makeup artist locally, I still plan to return to Platinum Entourage. On this particular day, my schedule was really tight so the fact that I could get my hair and makeup done at the same location in a short amount of time was hugely beneficial. They don't need advance notice for appointments and the location is convenient to my home and office.
5	My friend gets her hair cut by Todd and has for many years. She referred me to him and his new studio. I scheduled an appointment and went in on an afternoon. The studio is beautiful, modern and clean. I love their style! Hannah was wonderful for my wash and blow dry and I was thoroughly impressed with the cut Todd gave me. I have "bangs" now! They were very helpful in teaching me what to do with my new cut and how to style. I think that element is super important in a stylist because there is nothing worse then getting a new cut and not knowing what to do with it! That just leads to tears in the morning, lol. I will definitely be back to try their blow-dry bar and makeup! Sounds like a great idea for date night or for my hubby's company holiday party.
5	I came to Platinum  Entourage after my regular stylist, Rachel, joined the team. She gives great cuts and is the best for color. I'm a natural redhead so when it came time to cover grays I was a bit scared, but Rachel calmed my fears and I fully trust her. I've gone lighter and darker, all with great success.
4	I drove past this place last weekend when my man was dropping off his bike at the BMW Motorcycle shop... anyways, my point being, it's kind of hidden away, without major traffic passing it by, so I wouldn't have known about it otherwise... I called that day and was able to get an appointment with Hannah. At first I just thought she had an accent, but then she told me she was hearing impaired, and since she only reads lips, wouldn't be chatting with me during the cut so she focus on my hair. I personally LOOOOVED this. I hate when people I don't know feel like they are forced to make small talk with me for an hour. I don't care about your kids, or your boyfriend, and I don't really want to tell you about my life either... Just do my hair, and make it look good. (sorry if this sounds bitchy, but it's sooooo true, and I know I'm not the only one out there) So anyways, right off the bat I freakin' loved her! Now onto the cut. Very good. She worked fast and efficiently. Took my lifeless, split end, damaged hair, and make it look healthy and shiny.Style/Blow Out - AMAAAAAZING. This is after all what they are known for. I have thick curly hair that I always blow out, but then that needs to be smoothed out with a flat iron. Not Hannah, somehow her magic worked and when she turned the chair back around, my hair was flawless! I was seriously impressed.I would definitely recommend Hannah to any of my friends!!
5	Disclaimer: I did not go to Platinum Entourage, but Todd (the owner) recommended two Platinum Entourage stylists Megan & Jordan for my wedding day.My now husband & I planned our entire wedding in one week, needless to say it was short notice. After doing some research I knew I wanted a vintage look, and found Platinum Entourage through yelp.Since we were getting married on a Sunday, and they are closed Todd recommended Jordan  to do my hair. She did a fabulous job with my straight and thin hair & worked with my veil (I forgot that I had one, and she had to add it on as an after thought, but you wouldn't have guessed that by looking at it). My hair is notorious for going flat, but it looked picture perfect throughout the entire night!Megan is the best make up artist, seriously the BEST! I loved how at ease she made me feel & gave me tips for the big day. Plus the make up was done to match the vintage look I was going for. I looked fresh all day & night  and that says a lot since we partied until early the next morning!
5	I love Platinum Entourage they do the best hair and are a very professional company!! Your great Tod!Kelly ;)
5	love the concept of this place! fun, friendly, knowledgeable and professional staff! best blow dry ever! highly recommend checking them out. i am going back tomorrow.
5	I had a great experience being pampered at the salon.  Driving over to a more remote and commercial area in the southwest, it almost felt like I was going to a "secret" beauty club to get my hair and makeup done.It was a Saturday after work and I wanted to pamper myself  and a bonus for date night by trying a "blow out" for the first time and also decided to give the makeup artist a try, too.  I ended up getting there 30 minutes early to my appointment, but Todd greeted me immediately as I walked in, handed me their hair "menu" and I was probably picked up by Hannah my stylist in 10 minutes.The Hair:After Hannah asked me which style that I wanted and asking me a few more personal preference questions like amount of volume and waviness, she got right to work to get me the Platinum Signature (victoria secret model-esque from their description).  First was the shampoo with complimentary scented oils added in your hair.  (China Rain smelled like a mix of green tea and some sort of mild floral scent.)  Then after blow dry and setting my hair in fat rollers, Hannah sent me over to Brandy for makeup.The Makeup:Brandy did a great job giving me the smokey eye that I wanted.  The only thing that I didn't like at first was the color, but that was my fault for not specifying that I wanted more gray colors vs. browns.  Though I'm not a fan of how liquid foundation feels at all, I really liked how my cheeks looked contoured.  I liked that Brandy made sure to ask me if there was anything that I wanted to fix before she let me go back to hair.  After I got over the color, I realized that that the eyes were smoking in a very good way!  haha!Back to hair:I zipped back to Hannah and she put in her finishing touches with my back to the mirror.  So when all was said and done and she turned me around, I was floored by my bombshell hair!  Volume and waves....Vavoom boom!Conclusion:  Need bombshell hair and makeup for special night out?  For a relatively good price of $35 and 8 different bombshell to elegant hairstyles to choose from or $35 for professional makeup without feeling like you have to buy makeup from the counter, Platinum Entourage is the place to be!!
5	I can't believe it took me so long to get to Platinum. I had heard about it through friends and finally got in there for a blow-out. Hannah took care of me and....WOW. She made me look incredible. I have a TON of hair,  I've NEVER had anyone work with my hair so confidently and efficiently. It only took her less than an hour to wash & condition (as well as a lovely essential oil added), blow dry and style in an amazing bombshell style. I literally got 3 days out of my style (even with this gnarly Vegas wind) with it looking fantastic even on the last day! What I also loved were the products Hannah used...nothing made my hair feel weighted down or greasy or dry. It had va-va-voom volume, but not because she teased the hell out of it... she somehow used her magic powers to coax my hair to do just as she commanded. Blow-drying this head of hair is the bane of my existence so I just might be forced to treat myself to once/week blow-outs...wickedly indulgent but SO worth it, and who wouldn't at only $35?! And go see Hannah, the Hair Whisperer-you'll fall in love with your hair thanks to her. The reviews for make-up application are great so I'll definitely be adding those on a next special occasion! Get in to this hipster, sexy salon and walk out feeling like a million bucks!
5	Great spot just about 10 minutes from the strip - lots of style without the attitude. Got a great blowout and Todd even trimmed my bangs for me. I will be back every time I'm in Vegas to pamper myself - and my hair was so shiny and soft!
5	My Sis & I came here to get our hair blown out while we were in town for my bday. I can not remember the name of the girls who helped us but they were both friendly and gave us beautiful blowouts. We both asked for the signature style. They also add essential oils to your hair whichever scent that you prefer which I think is such a great idea. We both picked Vanilla which lasted in our hair most of the day. I kept getting whiffs of vanilla anytime the wind blew. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be back to Platinum Entourage.
4	I got the signature platinum blow out from Bailey B, it lasted me literally 6 days and had volume and bounce the entire week. I was so impressed I went back the following week and received a good blow out from someone else. Although they use same technique and tools, I didn't leave with same amount of volume and bounce, however it is still a good blow out.  The coconut scent  was delicious without being overpowering. I would recommend if looking for good blow out for night out or even a blow out to last monday-friday work week. Only negative is they are not open Sunday or Monday, so if you wanted to start week fresh you have to go Saturday. Scheduling sometimes goes over, so make sure you allocate at least 60-75 mins.
5	I visited Platinum Entourage this Saturday and got a Signature  blow out by Hannah and I loved it! My hair is still "bouncing and behaving"! I will be going back.
4	Disclaimer: I did not get a blow-dry here.I have curly hair.  I have thick hair.  I have lots of it.  I have lots of thick, curly hair.  I suffered from triangle head.  If you don't know what that is, you clearly do not have curly hair.  An example of triangle head is the comic strip "Dilbert".  Yeah, that's a gross exaggeration, but it gets the point across.So most stylists don't know how to manage lots of thick curly hair and they treat it just like they would straight hair.  Many times over the years I've heard from stylists, "Oh yeah, I totally know what to do" and then gotten a cut and left miserable.  Thankfully hair grows.My hair had gotten to the point that it needed a cut and some styling.  I consult with several stylists and salons in the area.  I consult with Todd and I have to give the man credit for calming my fears.  Yes, I am very defensive about my hair because yes, I've had people mess it up horribly in the past.  So I have this consult, we discuss curly hair and the physical composition and reactions to products and cuts, and I leave later with some more information to make a decision.  A few days later, I call and make an appointment for a cut.  I go in and meet with Todd and we go over again my fears, concerns, and the method for the cut.  Curls are combed out and I look like circa 1970s Diana Ross.  He then proceeds to cut my hair dry.  Heads-up curly-haired ladies, this is a wise method!  When the curly hair is cut dry, the stylist will know where your hair will fall once the cut is done.  This is as opposed to someone cutting your hair wet and when it dries, it is now several inches shorter than you thought it would be because curly hair springs back and up when dry, since it no longer has the weight of the water.  Simple physics!Seriously, I fell asleep in the chair sometimes.  This is a good sign.  This means I'm trusting the stylist.  Kudos Todd. After the cut, I get a wash.  Very pleasant scents.  Now, to the moment of truth, the product application and the diffuse dry.  Silhouette says... no more triangle head!The silhouette shows the layers and is rounded and the curls are all over the place (in a good way).  My initial reaction is cautious because yes, it's going to take some time to get used to the change.  Todd isn't offended by my not jumping up and down being excited, which kudos again, because some stylists are very arrogant and demand appreciation.  All in all, I'm happy with the cut.  There is no more triangle head and I didn't lose much length at all.  I will be back in about three months for another cut.  So curly haired ladies who have been horribly wronged in the past, I suggest gather information, get some consultations, and consider Platinum Entourage.Udpate 03/2012:  Reception really needs to be trained here.  I was told that I couldn't make an appointment over the phone (which I had done before) and that I *had* to make an appointment on through a third-party online booking service.  What?  You mean to tell me that you don't have acess to schedules and you don't have access to third-party online booking service so you, as the receptionist and appointment setter, can make appointments for clients?  That's absolute crap.  That lack of service will lead to lost business.
5	Love this place!!Todd and Hannah are the best.  If you have natural un relaxed AA hair, this is the place you want to go to.  My favorite stylist was at the Wynn but recently moved away.  Also the prices are much much more affirdable.  $35. vs $$95 for the same great service.  Plus your supporting small businesses.
5	LOVED MY HAIR!I'm from Orange County, CA and was celebrating my birthday in Vegas.  Foud this place through Yelp of course and gave them a try.  Never been to a Dry Bar before and their website caught my attention.  All I have to say is my hair had lots of volume and the curls lasted the entire night.  I also loved the products they used in my hair, made my hair soft and light.  I also had my makeup (eyes) down by Brandy.  She gave me smokey eyes in browns, which turned out great in all my photos.  Overall they made me feel very beautiful.
5	Loved it & will def be back! I have naturally curly hair so getting my hair blown out is always a treat :-) The salon is very stylish and staff were very friendly. We were served mimosas which was an added bonus to the whole experience.
5	This is hands-down my favorite business of any kind in Las Vegas.  No one (and I mean no one) has ever done my hair or makeup the way I like.  All that changed after my visit to Platinum Entourage on April 28.  Of course, I chose one of their busiest days of the year to go, but I needed to be dolled-up for a wedding.  I do not normally like what I see when I look in the mirror, but WOW.  Jordan and Todd completely transformed my lifeless, short straight hair into you see in my profile photo.  The makeup team was very detail-oriented and I was shocked at the magic they performed upon my face.  Never in my life have I received so many compliments from both friends and strangers alike.  Do yourself a favor and go to Platinum Entourage.  Unrivaled customer service!
5	Just discovered this blow dry bar! They were the BEST and that is saying lots since I took my daughter here for her birthday and on short notice we were matched with two excellent stylists who made our experience so memorable! Will definitely be back and have recommended to few friends already!
5	I have been meaning to write a review for Platinum for awhile. Went here in February for a friends birthday in vegas. I am from Orange County, so I am pretty versed in the blow dry bar method. It was impossible to find a blow out on the strip for less than 100 dollars. I found this place on yelp! It is seriously amazing! I felt so pampered and taken care of. My hair looked amazing all night and even the next day. They allow you to pick a scent for your hair, which lasts for a couple weeks! My hair was so soft and I could really feel a difference after the shampoo. I also opted for false lashes which will change your life (or at least how good you look in pictures). After I was done the owner went back over my hair with a brush, got rid of any extra fly aways, and re-curled a few pieces. All of the girls are super friendly. If this place was on the strip it would have the monopoly in vegas for hair. I cant wait to go back next month and get my hair done. So worth the price to not be a drunken mess when you go clubbing (or at least if you are a drunken mess, your hair will look fabulous).
5	Love. Jordan. Enough said.I live in LA and was in Vegas this past weekend for work. I was doing a show at the Mirage and wanted to look my best. The show was Friday night and I had called the salon at The Mirage to see if they could fit me in. They close at 7. I called at 6. They said there wasn't enough time.I quickly googled "best blowout in Vegas" and Platinum Entourage came up. Their prices are right on par as Drybar (my frequent spot at home) so I figured I'd give them a shot.They were able to get me in as a walk-in which was a SCORE on a Friday night. I got Jordan and when she asked me what I wanted to do with my hair, I pointed to her hair and said, "Do that." It was a nice blowout with loose curls. I was really worried about it falling before the show because I have thick hair that sometimes doesn't hold a curl but the products used at this salon REALLY helped the hair look great for the show...and the day after. The location of the salon is in the city, nowhere near The Strip but if you drive into town, it's really about a 15 minute drive (tops) to get there. Honestly, I would recommend taking a taxi there too because honestly, their prices compared to casino prices, you'll still end up paying less. The salon was cute and the staff was very friendly, promptly greeting me and offering me a drink the moment I entered.I will definitely come back here.
5	I have a party of 13 ladies (myself included) booked for August so I haven't actually been styled here but I just HAD to leave a review about their PHENOMENAL service!Trying to organize that many ladies is tough but Platinum Entourage made my life so much easier! They handled all my requests and changes with so much kindness and understanding and truly just made me feel so at ease. I just love a place that really knows how to treat their customers and I can't wait to update my review after I actually have the blow out done. Based on previous reviews, I'm certain it's going to be gorgeous :)
5	I wanted to get my hair and make-up done for my 20 year high school reunion.  I looked up make-up artists on Yelp and was pleasantly surprised that Platinum Entourage was near my house and was exactly what I was looking for to prepare for my event.  When I called to make an appointment, Steve was so nice on the phone, I knew this was going to be a great experience.  As my appointment was getting closer, I thought I should get my hair done too, so I called Steve back who remembered me immediately.  Unfortunately they were all booked up for hair.  They got me in right away - no waiting and offered me a bottled water.  I got the "Uptown" make-up service  and was so happy with the outcome.  My make-up artist was so helpful.  When I thought my eye make-up was too dark, she lightened it up to exactly what I wanted.  After she was done, Todd the owner walked by and said I looked natural and not overdone, which is exactly what I wanted to accomplish for my look.  Todd took the time to add a couple curls in my hair to complete my look and I was out of there on time.  I absolutely LOVE Todd and I couldn't recommend this blow dry bar enough!  I will be back and be bringing my girlfriends with me next time.  I felt so good  walking into my reunion and received compliments on my look!  Thank you again to Todd and his wonderful staff!
5	My girlfriend and I went to the blow dry bar last September and were very impressed.  Their prices were way more competitive than anywhere on the strip (granted they aren't located on the strip) and they do a great job.  THe one down side is that taxis can't seem to find this place, so it literally took us 45 minutes to get there.  We told the owner and he said that happens all the time and that supposedly the taxis get lost on purpose!?  He gave us the number of a private driver they use named Tony and he picked us up and got us back to our hotel in 15 minutes for $15.  We used Tony for the rest of our stay to get everywhere.  Anyways, back to the salon.  Great prices, great service and great results.  Worth the drive!
5	I had my hair and make-up done for an event in Las Vegas and I looked and felt like a celebrity! After reading the reviews on Yelp, I called and spoke with Todd. I made my appointment and he asked if I needed transportation from my hotel on the Strip. I said I did and he recommended a limo driver named Bill that would drop me off and pick me up without "getting lost" like some taxis do. Bill's prices were very affordable so make sure to ask about him if you don't have a car. Todd greeted me at the door and the whole experience was excellent. I left with beautiful Victoria's Secret hair and stunning makeup that made my skin look flawless. I have never had a smoky eye before and I regret I live on the other side of the country because this place does great work! Do yourself a favor ladies and  visit Platinum Entourage when you want to look your very best for that special event.
4	This was a chic little boutique salon. I was having a bad day and decided a good wash and blow-dry might brighten my spirits. Boy, was I right! Not only was I impressed with my own hair, but with the hair in the other chairs.The wash was lovely. Even with my hair extensions, I got a gentle head massage with a fragrance of my choosing. (I picked coconut--it was yummy!) My stylist did a lovely job consulting me on how I wanted it to look and on the general health of my hair. The blowout was bouncy and fun. I felt like a rockstar. I saw their make-up artist working on someone and it made me eager to go back for that next time. Overall, super impressed and would go back to try all of their services, not just the blow-outs. Although, they are super fabulous on their own!
5	One word: AMAZING!  Everyone that works here is so nice and very good at what they do.  I was worried at first since I have short hair, but they were able to style it two different ways and each looked great in photos!  If you have time, make an appointment for your makeup as well.  I highly recommend it!
5	I have been going to Platinum for years and have never been disappointed.  The atmosphere is very modern, upbeat and inviting.  The service is wonderful - the stylists will always consult you before they begin their work and won't let you leave their chair until you are 100% satisfied.  The blow-dry bar is a perfect accessory if you are going out for a special night, or just want to get glammed up for the day!  I have recommended Platinum to many of my friends and have heard nothing but praise from them after their visit.  I recently moved to California, and when I come back to Vegas to visit, Platinum is at the top of my list because I won't let anyone else touch my hair!  So, ladies if you want to have an amazing experience and feel like a celebrity for the day - visit Platinum Entourage!!
5	I found this salon on Yelp when I was looking for a place to do hair and makeup for my sister's upcoming wedding.  We booked a trial run for the bachelorette weekend.  One of the bridesmaids and I had makeup done, another bridesmaid had her hair done, and my sister had her hair and makeup done.  We were all very impressed with the service and results.  The salon is super cute- lots of fun chandeliers everywhere and a cool vibe.  Even better was the service; we were greeted as soon as we walked in and offered drinks.  We told the receptionist (I'm sorry I don't remember his name) we'd like champagne (it's a bachelorette party, after all!) but didn't get them right away so we figured he got busy with something else.  A short time later he comes walking in the door with bottles of champagne; apparently they didn't have any right at the moment so he went to a store and got some for us.  We felt a little guilty that he did that but we were also super impressed and got our drank on.Stil, by far, the best thing about this salon was the results.  Hannah did my sister's hair after consulting with Todd and it looked great.  My sister is very particular about her hair and makeup and she loved the way everything looked.  Brandy did our makeup and it lasted all night, through lots of drunkenness and dancing.  We are all looking forward to going back for hair and makeup on the day of the wedding.  The prices are fantastic and the staff is amazingly talented.  There was a steady stream of customers and everyone, not just our group, left the salon looking smoking hot.  I would definitely recommend this place to all of my friends.
5	I booked my original appointment at Platinum Entourage as I was tired of going to "cheap" hair salons and leaving the fate of my hair in the hands of the unknown. I am very thankful I did as Lisa D is by far the best hair stylist I have ever had. You can throw the most vague descriptions of what you want at her, and she will decipher it into hair perfection! She really goes above and beyond and I will continue to return to this salon for all of my hair needs. The salon itself is very clean and trendy. I love coming here and I can't recommend it enough. Platinum Entourage is not super expensive either, which it should be! I had a hair cut and had both Lisa D and another hair stylist squinting at my hair from 2 inches away making sure every strand was perfect.  You can't put a price on that level of care!
5	Been meaning to update my review after I had my service done!It was as great as I expected. The hospitality and service at this place is amazing. I had popped in the day before my appointment because I wanted to make sure I could find the place and not be lost on my wedding day and we wanted to peek at the salon. They were so nice and offered to answer any questions I had.I had sewn in extensions and asked if it would be problem or not but they assured me it would be fine. They are so accommodating!I can't say enough good things about this place, they helped make my wedding day wonderful. I'm posting photos of my hair and also a shot of my wedding party because they did hair for all of them as well.Even in 98 plus degree weather, our hair looked awesome!
3	OK haircut, but I think $75.00 is a bit steep.
4	Found Platinum Entourage on Yelp - I hadn't had a haircut in about 2 years, so it was getting long and unmanageable. Lisa did a nice job on my cut.  We actually talked about yelp for quite a bit during the visit.  Where Lisa really shined was in the blowout.  Short of a perm, my hair has never been able to hold a curl or wave for more than about 30 minutes.  She managed to style it and have the blowout and waves hold for 2 days.  AMAZING!  My only complaint is that I am incapable of making it look anywhere near as awesome on my own.  I paid $75 (plus tip) for the cut and blowout - I considered a few other salons that had groupons or yelp coupons, but this place was most convenient for me and had same-day availability (I like my haircuts spur-of-the-moment).  Their blowouts are usually $35, so I would definitely go back for one for a special event or something.
5	Took my boys to try out a cool hair cut spot. Service was great
5	They did my hair and my bridesmaids hair last minute. We looked stunning. I will say our eyelash strips lifted and we were not able to wear them for the wedding.
5	I have been a regular customer at Platinum for the past year as well as they did all the hair and makeup for my wedding. They do amazing work and offered the best pricing. Everyone looked beautiful.  My blow outs have been consistently great from everyone I have gone to here. I would highly  recommend any of their stylists and also their make up artists.  They now opened all week and are expanding their salon.
5	Great ! lashes, Makeup and hair for $75 they do a fabulous job and I love the owner!!! Can't wait to go again. You can even pick a scent for your hair LOVE itttt
5	I heart Platinum Entourage!! The best blow out bar in Vegas! It is my constant go to place for awesome blow outs and makeup for special nights/events, love Jordyn! I've loved how my hair and makeup has turned out each time I've gone. The pricing is great and Platinum has great service, people and environment. I'm excited to hear of their expansion!
5	I got my hair done here by Hannah and it was such an awesome experience.  She did such an excellent job cutting and styling my hair.  I've also been here a couple times to get just a blow out and the girls always do an amazing job.  The best part is when they put the scent in your hair.  You can smell it for days after.  If you're going somewhere fancy (or just need a quick pick me up) come here for a blow out and you'll have a great hair day for a couple days.  It's well worth it!
5	Love it! Everything about it.....from the decor, service, and staff. Great prices for Blow outs! I've only been to PE a few times but I enjoy my experience every time.  Angelo is wonderful! He's very attentive with my hair and offers great advice on how to maintain it. Angelo has done wonders with my naturally dry hair. The curls and volume literally lasts a week.  Oh...and I love the idea of getting to choose a fragrance for your hair during your wash. I usually go with the vanilla/musk one. Platinum Entourage is a very cute trendy/chic salon. I heard they do great work with make-up too. I would like to experience that service as well in the near future. They are in the process of expanding their salon. Looking forward to checking out the new place.
5	So I have never had a blow out before.. I called the salon and all my questions were answered with ease.  I arrived at the salon and needless to say it looks amazing in there.. Like I should be hosting a party immediately after getting my hair done.   Movie theater seats and an actual knight watching over me.  LOL Angelo did my hair along with Kelly  keeping me company.  I felt like a princess...  Im so excited that they eventually will be offering a nail bar.. Tuesday is happy hour so you can get your hair done for 30.00 instead of 35.00.  My hair smells amazing also.   I ended up getting the sex on the beach blow out and let's say... :)  Can't wait to go back... Thank you for a fun amazing experience today...
5	I'm sure most can relate with me when I say, "All I want is someone who understands me and knows what the hell he or she is talking about."Of course, I'm talking about a hairstylist. Platinum Entourage definitely ended my lifelong search for that kind of hairstylist. When I got my hair cut by Hannah, she told me everything I never knew about my hair and the opposite of what every other stylist told me I should do to style it. I followed her advice and have realized that I, too, can have amazing hair everyday with minimal effort. You just need some Jedi hair masters to pass on their wisdom to young Padawans like yourself. I'm proud to say that this is my hair salon of choice. Why?-Their blowouts are always perfectly done and fast. -No matter who you get, all the stylists are professionals and good at what they do (I've been scheduled with Angelo and a few other girls; all provided the same level of care and excellence). -The prices are completely affordable and worth it for the quality of service you receive. -Their scheduling is pretty flexible; I've been able to schedule next-day and even same-day appointments almost every time I needed to. -The place is ambient, fun, and filled with friendly staff. Need I say more? If that's not enough, they have "Happy Tuesday" deals where blowouts (wash, blow dry, and style) are $30!!!Schedule an appointment now!
2	I used to be in love! I can't knock the quality of the actual hair service I receive here it is great.  I love the haircuts and blow outs even with them being far more expensive than a hair cut should be. However I am so upset and disappointed with my personal experience. I have been turned away from this salon 3 times. seriously.  They say they accept walkin's but that is not really true.  Due to my job and work schedule it's so hard to make appointments in advance so I loved them for taking me as a walking.  My First experience -I called, they said no available appointments and I happened to be in the parking lot so I walked in anyway and said I would wait but the salon was empty and Heather was able to take me right away.  That was a fluke I thought. My next attempt was last weekend on a Sunday morning walked in and was told we can't accept any other appointments because of the Country Music Awards. I begged but I kind of understood.  However I wish I would have reminded them I am a local customer that will be here AFTER the awards are over. MY FINAL attempt was the Tuesday afternoon following this - I had more time than usual as I was traveling out of town hence my need for pretty hair! I walked in-they said they are not available I told them my story of being turned away multiple times and the Manager walked to the back came back and said sorry nothing he can do.  Really! They were stylists available I don't care they may have an appointment in a few minutes there was time. I do not buy it. NOTHING was done and it was as if they didn't care. I guess they don't need just local business or my little bit of business.
5	Wonderful first experience with PE yesterday. From the moment you walk in the understated elegance and warm, friendly staff put you at ease. And in a ready-to-be-pampered mode. I was fortunate to get Angelo, the senior stylist. He did a great job with my cut and took pains to walk me through the blow-dry process for me to do at home. I bought a bunch of the davines products, have yet to try them but Angelo was very knowledgeable and gave great advice on haircare (I've recently moved from a very hot/humid country). The g'man at the reception was also very friendly and helpful. Can wait to go back there for my hair and makeup for my wedding on the 27th!
5	This salon was great, I got a blow out by Hannah and she did an incredible job and it was quick! The salon was great inside, clean, modern and they got me in the same day. Needless to say I will be going back.
5	This was a great experience.  My first experience with a blow dry only appointment.  Found location by google and am thrilled.  Frequent visitor to Las Vegas and will definitely make an appointment for my next visit.  Hannah did a GREAT job!!!!
5	My friend and I loved platinum entourage! We had an awful experience getting there though, the cab driver took us on quite the journey costing $40 and taking almost 40 minutes!!! He kept pretending to be lost and his gps would constantly reroute. He even had us call the salon with our roaming cell phones to get directions and still went a different way!! I would highly recommend taking a car service and the owner of the salon knows of a good one! On the way back to the strip the owner booked us a car which cost $25 and was a much more pleasant and quick experience!! When we finally arrived for our appointments we were 30 min late!!:( At first they weren't going be able to take us because they had other people coming in but thankfully the owner was able to rearrange things and still fit us in, we were so grateful it had been a long day!! :) Both my gf and i had wonderful stylists and were completely happy with our blow dries!!  We loved the space it was so nice and had such a great feel, also appreciated the little touches like champagne and essential oils for our hair! Thank you so much for the great experience! I would definitely recommend platinum entourage, but make sure you get a driver or insist the cab takes you on  the freeway and no the back roads!
5	I was staying on the Strip and was really shocked at the high prices just for a blow out.  I found this place on yelp and was really happy to see the consistent high ratings. I was also excited because it was maybe 6 miles from my hotel. Booked an appointment with Michelle for the next day so I could surprise my boyfriend with the beach style blowout he had been asking me to do. We were both VERY happy with the results. Everyone here is very kind and are good at what they do. I have naturally curly hair and that did not stop Michelle from making my hair look beautiful. Was really happy that they use Davines products as that's what I use on my hair. They put some essential oil on my hair which smelled lovely but I couldn't smell it after I left, which I really don't care about. This is now going to be my go to place for styling my hair whenever I'm in town. Thanks for making me look fabulous!
5	I went to this salon for Hot Heads extensions after a friend referred me here. BOY AM I GLAD I LISTENED!! This place is PHENOMENAL. Hannah and Todd did my extensions. The experience from the consultation to the actual installation of the extensions was flawless and fun. I love the atmosphere and everyone is just so friendly. I definitely plan on going back for a blow out next time I have night out on the town planned...oh, and to get my extensions maintained.
1	So this weekend my 2 cousins and I decided we wanted to get our hair and makeup done at Platinum Entourage. We made reservations for 6pm for three people, assuming that we were going to get our hair done @ 6pm and then proceed to makeup done. Well we come to find that there is only one makeup artist and we all get our hair and makeup done at different times.  Most companies I have gone to in Hollywood they normally will have enough staff members to fulfill the clients' need, and not try to "flip-flop" (that's what prick called it) everyone around because they only have one makeup artist. According to the prick, they just "flip-flop" everyone around regardless of the time you made your appointment, so if you made it at 6pm chances are you won't be seen till 6:45pm.  So not only was that the stupidest business model for a company to have if they specialize in doing hair and makeup but the customer service was garbage. They were sooooooo rude about the entire situation. The receptionist didn't want to take any responsibility for the mix up, and the other guy was a complete prick in the manner that he spoke to us. To make matters worse they screwed up on the type of appointments, and then accused us of calling and canceling one of the makeup appointments!!!! I agree mistakes happen ALL the time, at first I wasn't upset until the prick came over to speak to us.  The manner that they dealt with the entire situation was disgusting, unprofessional and ignorant. NOW I can't say anything about the makeup artist because well we didn't get anything done due to all the screw ups, however, my cousin got her hair done and well it was nothing impressive.
5	It was time for me to get a new style instead of just a ponytail. I met with Angelo and loved the way he did my Hair. I like how he listened and answered every question I had. He even gave some tips on how to volumize and style my hair. I would definitely go back to him.
5	I found this place on Yelp and thought I'd give it a try after reading the reviews.  I needed everything done: color, cut & style...they MORE than delivered!  Brandy was fantastic & I cannot say that enough!  Fantastic place, great atmosphere & I had a blast!  I'll be coming back, that's for sure!  Thank you, thank you, thank you, Brandy!By the way, I signed up for a Yelp account just to post this review!
5	I am addicted to this place and just can't get enough!! I went in for a haircut & blowout on a whim and have continued to go back for all my other hair needs!!  I love the personal service and the way the customize everything you need to fit you! They make extremely helpful suggestions and they would NEVER let you walk out of the salon looking anything but fabulous!! I would definitely recommend making an appointment as soon as possible!! Todd & Hannah are my Faves!! But they are all great!!
5	Really like this place. I moved a couple of years ago and have not been able to fomd someone that I like as much as my previois stylist. I found this place on yelp and scheduled an appointment with Hannah since she had great reviews from Yelpers. She was great. Very sweet and professional. She checked my hair and after a few words she knew exactly what I wanted and suggested the best cut and color for me. It also helpa that they play great music and the decor is pretty. Their Platnium Signature blowout is highly recommended for thosw with heavy layers. Im coming back to try the sex on the beach blowout and the bardot hair do. Cuts start at $75, blow out is $35.
5	I went to this Salon and had my hair and color done by Shantal.     WOW!! what a great place!! It has facilities for photo shoots multimedia..etc John the receptionist is helpful and caring ---and Shantal ( hairdresser to the stars in Vegas)  makes sure everything is perfect!!  Cant say enough about the good service and my hair looks awesome ...
5	I chose the Harajuku with a bit of body.Fabulous, fantastic is all there is to say..an added plus, owner Todd, popped by and checked on my stylist to make sure all was good before I went out the door.This place could become a dangerous habit!!
5	Love my new highlights  and haircut.Kasea is amazin stylist and an expert in hair color.I will be back to Platinum Entourage again.
5	I've been going here for years and you really can't go wrong. They are all good but you should experiment with stylists to see who's best for you. I like them all but I love Angelo's consistency. He always tries to get the longest wear for me which I appreciate because I can't afford to come weekly. They turned me on to the best hair care ever: Davines! I love the selection of looks to choose from so I can change it up. Todd's professionalism, vision and customer service keeps me a loyal customer for life!
5	The only stylist I've worked with here is Shantel... she's amazing. Seriously. She really knows how to take care of her clients and give them exactly what they want. I'm a real pain because I have both red and blonde colors in my hair, and she never EVER makes them bleed together. I stopped going to another place in town because they didn't wash out the red well enough and turned my hair pink, but I never have to worry about that with Shantel; she's meticulous, and super super sweet!! Also, I love the beautiful decor of the place, and the fact that there's comfortable seating and ample space everywhere. Can't wait to go back!
5	Scheduled an appointment to have my hair and makeup done. Walked in and was amazed at the place. Love the decor and the staff was friendly. My makeup turned out amazing and so did my hair. They put some kind of oil scent in your hair and it makes it smell good until washed out. 11 hours later and I can still get a whiff of the jasmine scent. Makeup was $55 and hair was $35. Everything turned out how I wanted and more. They did a fabulous job. Will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas again.
5	From the 1st phone call to set up my consult to my color, cut and blow out today, everything about this experience has been perfection!I can't say enough good about Todd and his entire staff. Friendly, knowledgeable, professional and the results speak for themselves! Todd and Hannah patiently worked with me to find the "goal" color, and were not satisfied until they nailed it.I've found my new home for all things hair care!
5	Absolutely amazing. First time I went to do my hair and I left happy! Will be back for sure!
5	I come to this salon once or twice a week... If they are closed and I have to go somewhere else, I always end up wishing I were at Platinum Entourage instead.  No one else measures up.  They're very accommodating with last-minute reservations and are so SO nice when I run late. Today's blowout?  I was matched with Hannah, who might be my hair's soul-mate.  She was patient, listened, and is as detail-oriented as I am.  I got a look that was exactly what I was hoping for!  Hannah was willing to try new techniques that I had found worked for my hair best, and she created a beautiful result. She was very pleasant and I will definitely be returning!I give five stars.  High-quality work for a very reasonable price.  I plan to come here for a long time!
5	I was coming in from out of town and found this salon on here a few weeks before. I booked an appointment for a blow out. When I arrived the salon is beautiful and big. I checked in and was offered a beverage. Hannah was my stylist, and was wonderful. She did exactly what I wanted! I met the owner and he was very friendly. What I loved was that my blow out was still good the next day! I wish I could take this salon home with me!! But I will be a regular here while I am in town! This place was amazing!
5	I got my hair and make up done here for my wedding on 12/29/13. Everything was amazing. Hannah styled my hair and the results were pure perfection. I wish my hair could look like that everyday. I only have positive things to say about this place and would definitely recommend this place. I loved everything about this place!
5	The staff and service I received here were amazing!!! Booked my NYE appointment 3 months in advance. Was worth the wait! My hair and make up was flawless! A+++
5	Jamie was my stylist and she was amazing. My blow out was great! I have hair that most stylist shy away from but Jamie went in without a hesitation and took care of my hair with time to spare! She's also an amazing colorist!
5	I live in California and have been to blow bars before where I go home and need to re-curl my hair. Mind you my hair is super easy to style. I went to Jamie for color, a trim and blowout. My blowout lasted 2-3 days and was absolutely perfect!! & my color is exactly what I wanted. I don't get my hair colored often and she made it so when my roots come in it's not a straight line that looks awful. I get compliments on it constantly! Now if only I can drag her home with me so my hair is always so perfect!
5	Best blowout I've ever had! ( AND I have had my fair share of good, bad, and ugly blowouts). If you live in Vegas or are visiting, I would highly recommend going to Platinum Entourage, but only if you love getting pampered and feeling beautiful without breaking the bank. Immediately, I felt so much love and genuine good vibes from the co-owner Craig right when I walked through the door. He offered me beverages promptly and gave me a quick tour of the lounge area. Someone please let me know...can I pack Craig in my suitcase and drag him back to SF with me?? My stylist, Jaimie worked her magic on my thick, long, frizzy hair. I have never had such a thorough, expert blow out before. You could just tell she was a highly trained professional and that she loves and takes pride in what she does. Jaimie took the time to meticulously pin up my hair in strategic sections after blowing it out ( no straightener or curling iron involved), I was so impressed!I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town. I could totally see Platinum Entourage lighting up Rodeo Drive or something of that par. The prices are unbelievable for the level of service that Platinum Entourage delivers. It's no wonder this salon is up for Best of Las Vegas! Thank you Craig & Jaimie! P.S.-When you call to book your appointment be sure to ask about their chauffeur connect who will pick you up at your hotel and drop you off again at a great price (cheaper and more luxurious than taking a cab).
5	I read some really great reviews about this place, I needed to get my hair cut, so I made an appointment.To be honest with all the reviews and the web page description I thought the place might be too pretentious for me. I'm not a size zero, nor am I in my twenties or thirties.I was way wrong in my impression, the place was great. I was made to feel relaxed and comfortable when I walked in the door.Chris did my hair, he did a great job. I love the cut and style. I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends. He made me feel beautiful.Thanks for the great hair style!
5	Okay it's officially been 4 days since my blowout and I can confirm that Jaimie did indeed use M A G I C in my hair to create this blow. My blowout looks the same, if not better than it did the first day! I am beyond thrilled !
5	Great experience getting a blowout by Jaimie. Todd, the owner was there as well and the salon is very well put together. Great ambiance, products and service. I can't wait to go back to get my hair done again! I am going back for a consult and color soon too! Yay for finding my new salon :)
5	This place is wonderful!!  Customer service was exceptional, my blow out and style was extraordinary!  It's a super friendly yet trendy atmosphere.  A little out of the way but worth the trip!  Highly recommend for anyone looking to get styled for the night.
5	Platinum entourage is hands down my favorite place in town! As I regular (I go once a week, I might be slightly addicted) I have had the chance to receive services from all of the "blow pros" and everyone is amazing!!!  I always leave feeling glamorous and sexy! Best part is - whatever their magic spell is that they put on my hair, my blow dry always lasts 4-5 days (sometimes 6 if I'm being really lazy)! :) Thanks to Platinum I may never have to do my hair myself again!
5	I can't imagine going to another salon ever.  I am a mature woman with many salon experiences under my belt, and from the time I step foot into this salon I knew this was the place for me. The salon is beautifully decorated and luxurious.   I had an appointment with Jamie, she spent time with me asking me questions and really getting to know what I wanted and what outcome I expected (that was a first for me), she colored and cut my long hair into a short bob that embraced my natural curls, so that I didn't have so much maintenance.  During my service, Donny brought me a Mimosa, and then coffee, what great service and my hair looked amazing the color was rich and the haircut perfect, (received many compliments from friends and family). The service was amazing, the salon experience and ambiance superb.  When we take time to treat ourselves to salon services, you want to go to a salon like Platinum Entourage, where you get the whole package no matter what service you request.  Take advantage of the specials they have on blowouts.  Thanks Jamie, Todd, and Donny for giving me the royal treatment and making me look Amaaaazinggggggg
5	Absolutely loved this place! It was my first time getting a blowout and I was thoroughly impressed. The stylists really know how to style your hair and were super friendly. And the essential oil they put in your hair during the was (I highly recommend the jasmine) smelled just amazing!!! I wis I remembered to ask what it was and buy some! I got the sex on the beach and asked for extra volume just to try it (don't have voluminous hair). I was very surprised that my hair last for 3 days! I slept on it, showered and walked around town and it still looked great! The third day it starts to lose its form a bit but still better than what my hair would have looked like if I had straightened and blow dried it myself. I'm going to be a blowout regular from now on!!!
5	Let me just say this place is most definitely worth me logging onto Yelp to tell everyone they must come here. I was referred by a friend of mine who has great hair and color. I made a same-day appointment and Chris took care of me. He was able to get rid of the awful V cut I've had for years and hated but was never able to get my other hairdressers to stop cutting it that way. I have long hair and I am very particular about it. They wash your hair and then add an essential oil of your choice just to make it smell good. I chose grapefruit and it still smells fantastic ( the next day)!I also purchased the hair milk which I  recommend. I will definitely be coming back in the near future to have my hair colored. I am very happy with my experience here and they just got themselves a new client! Thank you so much Chris!!! You are amazing!
5	Had my hair colored today by Hannah! She is amazing. I come in for blowouts quite a bit. I've never had a bad one no matter who did it! I've had my hair colored here several times and had a Brazillian blowout once. The only con is trying to get appointments... I wish they did some sort of discount if you buy multiple blowouts or some type of reward program. I did see that you get a VIP card if you check-in on Yelp. I'll be sure to do that next time.  Slightly frustrated that I've gone there SO many times,  brought groups there, referred friends and have never even been told about this VIP card....
2	I have to update my review... I've gone to Hannah for quite some time for my color.... This time, a huge section of my head is missing highlights. I couldn't tell when I left because my hair was down. Now, I feel like a prisoner because the 2 ways I do my hair about 80% of the time I can't do anymore, because the color looks so ridiculous. I was going to call, but it's been almost 10 days.  I travel for work and I had to book the appointment 3 weeks on advance because it's so hard to get in with my schedule.  I also had a Brazillian Blow-Out a long time ago. My hair was FRIED.  The owner said he had never seen that and I must have had a short in my flat iron. .. OK this guy knows what he is talking about. Just seems like a convenient response when I used that flat iron prior to with no issues. Just overall kind of done with this place unless it's just for a blowout.  The fact that there is a VIP card and I've gone so many times and never knew of such thing is kinda sad.
5	This review is long overdue for Hannah P, who is an amazing colorist and lead stylist at Platinum Entourage. She closely worked with Todd on perfecting a blonde that looks beyond natural and very flattering with my skin tone. I can't wait to continue to give my business to this salon for blowouts and color, they really understand their client and it shows!
5	I've been getting my haircut and highlighted with Hannah for a couple of years now and it's always done to perfection. I've never been disappointed.  Not to mention the Salon is superbly decorated and organized. All the employees are extremely talented and so creative. I wouldn't waste my time going anywhere else.
5	The best salon in Las Vegas!!!  The new space is fantastic!  Reflects the amazing creativity of the salons talented staff.  My blowouts literally transform my hair into my dream hair fantasies...Victoria Secrets sex on the beach hair?  You got it!  A little bit rock and roll tousled?  Of course!  Sophisticated retro waves with a modern twist?  Will do!  Oh, and the perfect makeup to compliment the varied looks.  I have the best time when I'm there...Todd and his staff staff are so gracious, professional and fun...I usually have at least one good belly laugh with each appointment.  I highly recommend Platinum Entourage to everyone!   Sincerely, Custie for Life!
5	This is my first time coming to this salon and my experience was wonderful! Everybody , including the owner were super nice !! If you go ask for kasea C  ( kasey) . I wanted highlights and she did and Amazing job !!! Did i mention I had a yummy mimosa too?!!  . They use this amazing jasmine oil which smell fantastic after washing your hair . I walked out of there very happy with my honey caramel highlights .. Thanks kasey!! My husband loves my new hair too!! I will be coming here every time for sure !! Don't look for any other salon, you won't find anything better in Las Vegas . Come here and ask for Kasey !!
5	After reading the rave reviews on Yelp, I decided to book an appointment here and can say the reviews are right - this place is awesome! Kasea was my stylist (she was the first available) and gave me a great cut/full low lights. When she first started doing my hair, the owner, Todd came over several times to discuss color/assist with color/check on progress etc. This made me a little nervous because I thought perhaps Kasea was new and he was making sure she was doing everything properly - nope, Kasea has been at the salon for a year and a half and he just likes to make sure everything is perfect! This sounds so silly, but I felt like a movie star because they paid so much attention to detail/me. The cherry on top was when the color/cut was done, they decided one of the highlights by my face wasn't right, so Kasea re-colored that one little section (it couldn't have been more than 10 hairs and I probably wouldn't have even noticed), but I was so impressed that they are that particular and truly treat everyone's hair like a masterpiece. The space is gorgeous as well. I will definitely be going back:)
5	I'm impressed with the place it has a nice ambience. The haircut you won't be disappointed, I'm a guy and I have been looking for somebody that actually does a great job, other places I've been to in Vegas and they just chopped my hair all up its a pet peeve of mine when a supposedly professional place that's supposed to be good butchers your hair. Be prepared to spend a good penny but overall it's great place.
5	My cousin and I went before my wedding!!! Loved, loved, loved it!!!! Hair looked great. It didn't move, it was the best experience ( besides my marriage) :) really I would do it again. The mimosa was a nice added touch!  The crew was awesome! I don't live in the area, but I want one near me!
5	This place is the best! I was scheduled for partial highlights but when I showed up we discussed what I wanted. Casey and Todd both suggested color correction due to all the layers of color on top of my blonde. They gave me prices, time estimates, and catered to my schedule. Casey did my color and Todd cut and styled my hair all in one appointment since the process was twice as long as I was scheduled. Todd and his assistants stayed after hours until my hair was complete! I was so happy with how it turned out! This salon is so amazing and they brought me multiple mimosas throughout the appointment. They ask questions, show you pictures, and make sure you walk out looking like a model. I will never go anywhere else. I'm hooked!
5	I'm so glad I found this place! Hannah (stylist) and Todd (owner) are amazing! I came in with brassy blonde hair and left feeling fabulous. Todd checks and re checks throughout the coloring process to make sure everything is perfect. They also are not pushy about selling their products which is nice because I already have my favorites. It's a nice bonus at the end when my hair was styled so nicely because that is what they specialize in.
5	This is my FIRST REVIEW ever! So here we go... My cry first FABULOUS blowout ever lasted me over 3 weeks! Read more for details!I've been seeing Todd (owner) and Hairstylist) for a long time when this Platinum Entourage was just a dream. They are by far the BEST not only in Las Vegas but no place compares when I must travel. Todd is my "GURU of the  REDHEAD" ! I have long VERY thick curly/ wavy red hair... which means difficult to tame! haha  I have enough hair for 3 heads! Todd has taught me so much about hair care and the natural ways to deal with it! Todd never pushes product on to me and in fact gives me tips on the natural remedies! My first thing to say when I get my hair cut is "THIN IT!" Todd has a magic touch that thins it without making it look chopped up! The other thing I have ALWAYS said "No thanks- I will just let my hair dry naturally, NO DRYING for me!" Todd said, "Trust me on this one...." as he and Hannah gave me my first Blowout! OMG I could not believe how manageable, luscious, silky and EASY it was to take care of! I haven't been able to wear my hair down for YEARS! I'M HOOKED!!!! I'm in my late 50's and LOVE my new look and style! I get people literally stopping me on the street and coming out of their way to tell me how beautiful my hair is! WOW! One 12 year old girl came up to ask if she could feel  my hair as she asked what kind of shampoo do I use! So cute. My first blowout was just before Christmas and I was out of town, Todd asked me to not wash my hair and let's see how long it last. Well, I let it go for 3 weeks! I KNOW, you're thinking oh gross! haha But when I saw Todd again he told me my hair looks fabulous (and it STILL DID) and when he asked me when I was in last- I was embarrassed to tell him how long it and been. lol He responded NO WAY! This could not have been their blow out! I hadn't washed it but it still was quite clean (apparently I don't sweat or have much oil so no build up)! So I can safely say my first blow out lasted a little over 3 weeks. Like I said I travel quite a bit and ended up in Denver for 2 months this year. I went to my old stylist salon and got another blow out. OMG NIGHT AND DAY!!! I NOW know what a good blowout is and what makes for a BAD Blowout! The girl who did mine was rushing it- remember I have VERY THICK HAIR? - well she rushed it. Didn't take small bits of hair to dry each time, didn't completely dry each batch of hair either. I could even feel my scalp and hair was very damp! THEY ALSO CHARGED ME MORE $$$! I ended up returning the NEXT day to have it redone! The owner took it on to touch up my hair. She didn't re-wet all my hair- rather she sprayed it damp. THAT so didn't work! I paid a LOT more for this horrible blowout than what Platinum Entourage charges and they ALWAYS do a stellar job! I now get my hair blown out about every 2 weeks even though it STILL LOOKS GREAT! haha I can't say enough good about them all!Todd's entire crew has always been so accommodating, welcoming and professional! Not pretentious or hoytie went from seeing them in a "closet" sized booth to a lovely Av ant Gard  state of the art Studio which is pleasant and inviting! Great experience every time! High QUALITY work, High KNOWLEDGE, and very reasonably priced!!! I adore Todd and Hannah.... and the rest of the crew!
5	I did blowup for my wedding and Jamie did an amaizing job! She was very nice and proffesional.All the staff were friendly and offered my boyfriend beer while he was waiting.15 minutes from the strip but worth the ride.
5	So my girlfriend and I went to have a girls' day and get our hair cut, so we ran into a salon and were instantly traumatized by the feel and first impression we got (the stylist was smoking a cigarette, WTF)SO, after discussing options, I remember seeing very good reviews for PLATINUM ENTOURAGE. We headed over, anxious to get a proper haircut and get out money's worth.We find it and are immediately greeted with a smile and a warm welcome. We didn't make appointments, so we were not sure if we could have been seen that day. The receptionist gave us something to drink and went to find the owner to see if he personally had any availability. The owner immediately comes over to give us a consult and agrees to see BOTH of us! First, I want mention how incredible the interior of this salon is. Impeccable design, flawless and sexy color scheme, completely modern and perfectly chosen decor. It's open, airy, and clean. After confirming the haircut, we both got an extensive consult in the chair. He was attentive, engaging, and creative but sophisticated with his suggestions. During the hair wash we got to choose what essential oil we wanted in our hair, and I chose tangerine and orange (divine!).The haircut itself was flawless and such a pleasurable experience. Todd is one of those magical stylists where you feel that no matter what, the outcome is going to be FABULOUS. It's always frustrating when you, as a client who has no formal hair training, feels like you have to constantly guide and instruct your stylist when you're worried you don't even know what you completely want! Not so with Todd. He asked the right questions at the right times and was an absolute joy to work with. We were served champagne during our cuts, and were attended on consistently by staff.Needless to say, both of our cuts were perfect. My hair looks so cute and flawless and my friend feels the same way about hers.If you're looking to be pampered and and get a flawless haircut in an upscale environment, this place is for you. To Todd, thank you from the bottom of my heart! Looking forward to my next experience!!
5	I was on a quest to find a new hair salon and commit to a hair dresser since moving all the way from Tampa Florida. I have very long hair and was worried that I would be butchered. I decided to go the safe route and ask for a long layered signature cut. Upon walking in I was greeted with a smile and hoped they didn't turn me away since I didn't have an appointment. Chris came over and thankfully had a cancellation, so he was able to fit me in. Chris gave me long layers and I was very happy. Todd came by and suggested more layers (since I had a previous butchered cut) to blend in the old choppy layers. I'm just amazed at how much lighter my hair felt. Chris was also able to blow dry my thick Puerto Rican hair. I walked out feeling fabulous....I have found my Salon. Thank you gentlemen.....xoxo
5	Great salon! Ambiance was great, staff was nice and attentive, not too chatty, focused on the task at hand. I got my hair and make up done for my wedding this past Friday and my maid of honor and bridesmaid got their hair done. Came out beautifully! Very satisfied and prices were reasonable!  If I lived in vegas this would be my go to salon! :-D
5	I had heard amazing things about this salon and the reviews were true! Didn't go in with a stylist in mind just picked the next available appointment and I was assigned with Kasea. I was nervous about my decision to go blonde, but Kasea did an amazing job! Can not stop staring at my hair! Very kind and helpful so happy to have listened to everyone about this salon can't wait to return !
5	[This was originally 8k words but I had to fit into 5k]How doth I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and height--wait--GIRL, I GOT MY HAIR DID. Such is my ecstasy that the feeling of accomplishment is similar to when you're driving a car and you change lanes without hitting any of the markers [YESSSS!]ARE YOU READY TO JOURNEY UNTO MYSTERY AND ADVENTURE? Thus, it begins:Upon my arrival, I was inquired if I'd like a beverage [hot, cool, wait, is that a Keurig back there?!] and asked to sit as they retrieved my intended stylist.HEATHER D. and I cemented ideas and washed my hair. You are given the option of choosing between scents to put into your hair--WHAT IS THIS MAGIC??I wanted to keep my (waist) length but to cut long layers. Heather said she will cut only the min. needed (so not scissor happy and misinterpreting an inch for four) and that she--without my prompting--would tell me what she was doing so that I would not be overwhelmed [wasn't needed but the consideration was appreciated].Small talk was nice and not forced as you can be quiet or draw conversation, Heather was very friendly and attentive.I was given a blowout and was told that the owner, TODD W. will stop by (as he likes to do with all the clients, regardless of stylist) to do finishing touches as needed (it IS his signature cut, understandably).Todd came by AND SWEET MERCY, YOU MEAN THE OWNER IS NOT SOME OLDER MAN WHO STAYS BEHIND THE SCENES BUT THAT YOUNG ATTRACTIVE MAN WITH FABULOUS HAIR WHO HAS BEEN EVERYWHERE WITH EVERYONE OF WHOM I'VE MISTAKEN IS NOT ACTUALLY ONE OF THE RECEPTIONIST LIKE I INITIALLY THOUGHT? Wait, quick, put on my sunglasses and fluff up my hair while they walk over!Oh Todd, dear sweet Mr White. How could I ever describe this magnificent and creative man? I cannot fathom the words as to express the greatness that was my experience.Heather was my Obi-Wan but Todd was the freakin' Yoda. Heather did a fantastic cut, I thought it couldn't get better but Todd starts dry cutting (with my approval to suggestions) and the entire cut turned from PERFECT to SOMETHING-MAGICAL-IS-HAPPENING. I would think it's done then he would find a rebel strand and obliterate it to kingdom come. My sweets, this man is the kind of stylist you want. A perfectionist. He will not stop until he is satisfied, and that man has high expectations! Heather, Todd and I would converse about my endgame in future sessions, and he would spout some technical cosmetic jargon to Heather as the plan. I could not be more ecstatic. So many techniques and specificity that I totally eavesdropped on, I was in Hair Heaven. I was internally drooling by this time but didn't want to show my inner fangirl just yet. Now, what I say next will not always be the rule and it might've been an exception so don't expect Todd to be able to cater to your every needs, girls and boys, because he is still a very busy man.I was driving away when I forgot I wanted a picture with them to commemorate my finding of The One (salon) for me. When I had came back, Todd was busy with consulting another client but Heather kept me company and I didn't mind waiting.Picture time! Todd was fluffing my hair [darn car AC, must you act like a hurricane?] when he noticed ('Do you see what I see, Heather?') ... Dundundunnnn.. A rebel layer! JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL, CAN I BRING THESE TWO HOME WITH ME, PRETTY PLEASE? Back to the chair for an impromptu cut [at this point, I'm not sure if it was noticeable but I was literally shaking with endorphins because I was just so damn happy, I could not believe my luck in searching literally for years--and growing my hair one length to have a blank canvas for my future cut--and to find my perfectionistic stylists.. I could cry, seriously. This is a damn dream come true and I almost, ALMOST didn't write this review because my newfound love for them is at that stage where I DO NOT WANT TO SHARE. ... But HOW COULD I CONTAIN SUCH ADMIRATION FOR THESE TWO BEAUTIFUL [no, really, why are they so pretty??] AND TALENTED PEOPLE?!Impromptu cut ended & pictures finally taken.Thus, this chapter of the story has ended, my sweet searching audience. If you want perfection, Platinum Entourage is the place to go. Everyone is easy going, don't be afraid. You're not going to lose an arm and leg through prices, ask if you're unsure.No, but seriously, I'm not telling you to go but just saying how the entire experience was for me. Whether or not you find that as an incentive to go is entirely up to you.Heather, Todd; my most sincere and deepest gratitude for the cut and I hope to see you guys soon for the color. I honestly cannot put to words how much finally finding you two means to me that only after one day, I trust you guys to recommend me to the right person if you two suddenly wanted to retire into the Bahamas [please don't, not until I have sunshine hair please]. Thank you.
5	Thanks to Yelpers, I found this gem of a salon. A few noteworthy observations:1. Location - very accessible from the 215W between Rainbow and Buffalo. It's tucked in the corner of a quaint plaza next to BJ's. 2. Aesthetics - Holy smokes, this place is sexy! Not that it matters the most, but it's definitely worth mentioning. All I kept thinking was, "Who designed this place and how can I hire him/her for my house?"  Everything from the washing stations to the hair dryers have their little cozy nooks in separate rooms or hidden corners - nice touch!3. Appointment Setting - The stylists here have a pretty loyal clientele, so appointments can be hard to come by if you're needing something last minute. Thankfully I got in the very next day, but if it hadn't been for a last minute cancellation, I would have had to wait two weeks. Plan accordingly!4. Front Desk - Donnie and John were there on the days I visited. They are adorable; I just want to put them in my pocket and take them home. A pretty place like this can appear a bit intimidating because everyone that works there is gorgeous, but these two lads were incredibly kind and accommodating. 5. Stylist(s) - Kasea was my stylist. I came in with torched ombre hair and desperately needed color correction and a prayer. She was so detail-oriented and knowledgeable. I really appreciated that she openly communicated every, single step of the process and valued my opinion (albeit the only input I actually gave her was, "FIX ME, PLEASE!" jk). Todd, the owner, came by to offer some feedback as well. He is so hands-on with the stylists and their clients. That's a pleasant, yet rare, commodity. And it's apparent that he has great chemistry with them. They both discussed in detail what they felt could be done to optimize my hair's potential. FYI - I eventually went from an auburn brunette to an espresso brunette with honey, chestnut and ash blonde highlights. Note: Kasea did exactly what she said she would during that consult, and I am very happy... Follow-through is BIG for me. 6. Other - Mimosas and other beverages are offered as you wait and during an appointment. Brilliant. Overall, a memorable experience. I'm not scared of change and color, but I am a stickler for quality when it comes to my hair. Every person should be, right? Try this place out - it's worth the pretty penny.
5	I've lived in vegas for 7 years and I was so happy when I finally found this gem 2 years ago. I absolutely love them! They do everything from a quick blow out to cut/color. They have signature scents you can choose from (I recommend the grapefruit:) during your wash that keeps your hair smelling clean and fresh days after your blow out. On Tuesdays you can go in for their happy hour and treat yourself to a $30 blow out!
5	Great experience. Great shop. Great people. Brandy gave me an awesome blow out, such a pleasant atmosphere! 35 bucks was well worth it!
5	I've been in the beauty business for 20 years in two states and Platinum Entourage is absolutely the best!!!  Todd and his staff are amazingly talented and great people.  You walk in and are first blown away (pun intended) by the salons sophisticated yet whimsical interior.  The real magic occurs in the chair either getting a perfect haircut designed just for you, amazing color, the perfect blow out and flawless makeup.  Todd is one of the most innovative and creative entrepreneurs out there and he has surrounded himself with a family of like minded artists.  And he's hilarious!  It doesn't get any better then this salon!
4	I am so glad that I found Platinum Entourage.  To update you on my hairstyle and cut, I had from the end of June. The scent of the jasmine essential oil Heather put in my hair lasted for more than week.  Whenever I style my hair for one day and let run for a day or two until I wash again, it's perfect.  A great atmosphere , pretty hair salon, and really  professional service.
5	Followed my girl Colie from her old salon to Platinum Entourage. Plus for being closer in distance easy to find off the 215 freeway. Loved the modern rustic layout and very very spacious salon. Staff is great! They offer refreshments during your service. And also have a bridal lounge for if you come in with a big party, perfect place to do a photo op with your girlfriends! They also do blowout services that I'm interested in trying!! As usual Colie did amazing job on my summer short and light hair style love it!!! I recommend this place-- if you're looking for someone to trust go see Colie! ;)
5	I absolutely love v this place!  Yesterday was my first time here, Liana cut and blew dry my hair.   She took the time to tell me what would be better for hair since I have tons and thick hair!  She explained everything she would do and put to my hair.   Yes it is a Lil more expensivethan others,  but you get what you pay for... No regrets.
5	So I am writing my long over due review for my favorite hair bar & salon. I have been coming here for just under a year now and I have tried other hair bars but hands down platinum entourage is the best!!!!! I have seen just about all the wonderful hair artist at this place and they are all really amazing. I always get a shampoo/ condition with a blow dry and style, they will also put a scent in your hair too which will last and not just fade after your first gym visit. I should also mention that my blow out is not easy to do because I naturally have very thick native Indian/ Pacific Islander hair and I also wear a beaded sew in weft. These stylists though make it work and i always leave feeling like a beautiful women, I really can't say enough praise about everyone at this place. Thank you so much for making me feel great on days I just want to die. Please come see anyone of these amazing people.
5	Amazing salon! Staff is above & beyond in servicing and exceeding possible expectation. Natalie was one of the professionals that did my hair, and I've never been this happy, seriously.You'll be happy you picked this place!
5	It was my first time at this salon, but I wasn't disappointed. The location is great and I love the decor. More importantly, Colie has been my stylist for a while and I followed her to this location. She does such a great job! Colie takes the time to explain what she will be doing, which is helpful for people who may be intimidated by changing their hair color. I usually get my ombre done by her but this time I went for a sombre. It turned out great! It took me a while to find the right stylist and the moment I found her, I stopped searching. I trust her with my hair because she always does a great job!
5	Beautiful place! Great prices! Helpful staff!I came to Las Vegas for my wedding and my girlfriends and I came here to get our hair done. They set you up in a beautiful room with water, champagne, and other drinks and you can purchase platters of food to snack on. It's a great place to relax while members of your group are getting their hair done.They also provided a number for a great car service since we were staying on the strip. He was prompt and flexible with our pickup time. Very reasonably priced. I could not have been happier with the place my bridesmaid chose. I highly recommend coming here.
4	Nice Blow out for thick curly hair!I was traveling for business and needed a blow out for a gala I was attending. The Dominican Salons didn't have good reviews so I looked for a blow-out salon and this place came up. Heather was great and did a wonderful job!  My hair looked beautiful.My regular stylist can blow out my hair without a flat iron but I don't expect that from many others because my hair is really thick. It only lasted a few days but I am so glad I found her and had lovely hair for my event. If I am in Vegas again and need a blow out I will visit her again. She was very very nice. The space is also lovely as well.
3	First time to the salon. I ask to have my roots touched up to blonde and a blonde wash done to get out some of the Orange. My hairstylist in LA who owns 2 salons does this process all the time, it ends up great and keeps costs down. Don't get me wrong the stylist was super friendly and a great person.. But my scalp got fried! I was a couple weeks pregnant when I came in and already hesitant about getting my hair bleached. They advised they wanted to try some color instead of bleach on my head and convinced me to get highlights. I told them that I would need bleach but they insisted their way was safer with color and with bleach  my hair would get damaged. So  I let them do their thing and sure enough it did not work. So then come the bleach which should have been done in the 1st place. I was there about 4 hours. The end product actually came out pretty good which I was happy with... With triple the price of what I have ever paid...When I woke up the next day my scalp was oozing, pussing and flaking off. And it was the day of my best friends wedding. I had to go to a different salon at the wedding location to get my head scrubbed and blown out again cause it was so nasty. Not very happy.. And not happy that I put my baby in danger by having bleach pretty much injected into my scalp. I call the salon a few months later to possibly give them another chance and tell them what happened so it doesn't happen again. They were booked up 3 weeks out. No thanks! Well decorated salon, nice people that work there and has potential. Just not for me I guess. My mission continues for someone that knows how to do hair in vegas.
5	Heather at Platinum Entourage is amazing - she and Todd saved my hair. I completely fried my hair at some other random salon when I wanted to go super blonde, and I seriously thought it was beyond repair. It looked like straw. But Heather fixed my color to make it look natural, gave me the best haircut I've ever had, and Todd showed me the dos's & don'ts for my specific hair type. I could't be happier. My hair looks like hair again! Now this is the only salon in Vegas I'll go to :)
5	This is undeniably THE place to go to for all of your hair needs. Owner TODD, who I LOVE, gives his professional input on every client that first comes in to work with a stylist and then follows up to see that it has been done to his standard of perfection before you leave. Head stylist HEATHER consistently gives me beautiful cuts and highlights!  I receive so many compliments and double-looks when in public. I quickly grabbed the opportunity to have STANDING APPOINTMENTS with Heather for wash and blow drys alternating with color, highlights, and cuts. Yes, I am there several days a month and love my "new family". Standing appointments is the way to go to look beautiful daily!!!!!
5	Colie!!First went to her when she was at Kelly Cardenas after looking around on yelp and have followed her here. She's amazing. I initially went to her with box dyed thinned out black hair who wanted to go caramel blonde for Coachella. She gets to know the history of your hair, asks what you want, and tells you the plan of action. She can do magic with her hands. Gives the best hair massage and is a pro at cutting and coloring hair. Since then, I go every 3.5 months for a touch up and leave everything up to her. Platinum Entourage is located next to a bar and a pediatrician's office. Inside decor is hip and pretty sexy. Staff is stylish and all dressed in black. Aesthetics of this place is on point. Drinks offered during your visit.I called the salon once to make an appointment with Colie but you can only make appointments with her by contacting her through her personal number. If you can make an appointment with her, I definitely recommend doing so. You won't leave disappointed with the outcome.
5	Best salon I have EVER been to. Hands down. Best beauty experience of my life. They have their own driver who has a flat rate from the strip to the salon, for starters. It's much more economical than taking a cab if you don't feel like driving or if you want to enjoy some mimosas at the salon (which they offer! WHAT?! Genius!) My husband's Marine Corps Ball was at the end of November - Kasea did my hair which stayed beautiful all night AND the day after. Megan did my makeup and it was perfect. She knew exactly what I wanted. They were all so sweet, professional, and talented. I was almost starstruck by the owner, Todd, because he's an incredible entrepreneur who is seriously inspiring for running such a badass business. On top of it all, they gave me some safety pins and double-sided dress tape for my dress which I ripped hours before the big event. So, I've decided that they need to change their name to Platinum Entourage of Guardian Beauty Angels. Here is my ONLY criticism: how in the world am I ever going to be satisfied with any other salon? They've set the bar so high that any other place will be settling. I don't like to settle. I don't live in Vegas and I am highly considering driving three hours for a hair cut...THANKS FOR BEING EFFING AWESOME, PLATINUM ENTOURAGE OF GUARDIAN BEAUTY ANGELS. Hope to see you again soon!
5	They were so great! Customer service on point. I was very anxious getting there on NYE and being away from the strip and being able to get a cab back. They called and were able to arrange a cab for me in perfect timing with a NYE extended wait. Michelle did a great job on my hair and gave me the Texas volume I wanted. I'll be back when I visit again. Thanks for the great service.
5	Hannah and Todd are my jam. For those of you on a search for the perfect stylist, I know what it's like to struggle to make the decision to trust someone with your hair - after all, YOU'RE the one who has to wear it when it's done! - but if you're looking for stylists who will listen to what you want and will actually give it to you, this is the place to go. They'll accommodate your wishes to ensure you're happy when you leave. Great ambiance, convenient location, but most importantly, the stylists are skilled and know exactly what they're doing to get you to hair awesomeness!
