3	After walking around all day, sightseeing, shopping and museum hopping, all we wanted was to sit down and have a beer. At 5pm on a Sunday night this was proving to be harder than one would imagine. A sudden craving for buffalo wings struck and off we were to find a pub-style spot with simple pub food and a couple of beers.Les Brasseurs could not have been a more perfect spot. It was like TGIFridays, but with a brewery. They had wings (albeit dry ones with barbecue sauce and no bleu cheese), they had beer by the pitcher and all of that cheesy flair decor you'd come to expect from a chain restaurant. The service was slow (even with hardly anyone in the restaurant) and, given all of the friendliness we were used to from our Canadian counterparts, kind of aloof and non-existent.The beers were really tasty...crisp and fresh. Because we planned on having dinner later in the night, we shared only a plate of chicken wings. They were crisp but kind of small and dry...with only a side of barbecue dipping sauce that had a bit of a kick.While it satisfied and wet the whistle, with all of the good places to eat around this part of town, it's easy to give this place the once over and walk on. But if you're looking to spend a little money and have a filling meal with a decent mug of beer, give Les 3 Brasseurs a shot.
4	Good brewpub.  The dark beer was tasty and well-flavoured with a pleasant acidity.  The flammekuechen (flatbread pizzas) were tasty and filling - I enjoyed the smoked meat version.Nice place for lunch after wandering around Montreal's Old Town on a cold day.
3	A solid choice for the weary traveler and or sight seer. Just as heartland brewery won't win any awards for its food neither will this place but it is essentially the same spot. Poutine was solid, beer was pretty good(in house brew only) and the pizza flat bread wasn't bad but what's really that good outside of the ny metro area? Prices were easy to deal with and place was nice enough. Think sports bar(wings, sampler platter, tvs and beer) meets brewery. It was definitely good enough.
4	We were in the old part of town and were looking for a place to drink some good beer, eat some decent food, and watch the Montreal Canadians in the playoffs. I read reviews for a lot of bars around the area, and many had better ratings, but when a big game is on you want to go where all the people are and all the people were at Les 3 Brasseurs. The place was packed and everyone was glued to the multiple TVs and cheering for their home team. The beer selection was great and their own micro brews were very tasty. I had the 4 pack sample (see photo) to figure out my favourite and surprisingly it was the white beer despite being a dark beer lover. My wife ordered her first ever beer cocktail, the Monaco, it was a blonde beer, grenadine, and Sprite mixed. She loved it and told me to take a picture of the menu (see photo) so I could try to recreate it when we got back to the States. I had never even heard of beer with mixers, but when I tried it too, I had to agree it was pretty good. For dinner we got the Flat bread pizza and it was also great. It was so light and crispy that it was a perfect compliment to all the beers we were drinking without filling us up. The crowd was great and the bar was full, I think despite any other ratings this place has when you are at a sports bar the atmosphere overrides anything else and this place had that and more.
5	There was a mixup between myself and their corporate party scheduler.  I showed up at 5:45 to get ready for my party of 200 at 6.  They were getting ready for a party of 60 at 7!  (if you're reading this, sorry!)I don't know how they did it, but they got everything ready, my party didn't go hungry or thirsty, and a great time was had by all.  The food is good pub grub, the beer is very good, and the service, having been able to handle that kind of radical change in such a short period of time, was incredible.  The people working that night were all stars, and I can't thank them enough!
4	This place was fun. As seemed to be the tradition in Montreal the service was slow. The place was pretty empty when we stopped by and the wait staff seemed to be doing their own thing on their own schedule. That's pretty much how it seemed everywhere we stopped in the city. I had the Amber beer they brew (it's a micro brew) and it was great. A full huge pint on a warm day was great. Also tried the blonde which I didn't find as good as the amber ( that sounds awkward). I had a southwest type wrap and once it go out it was VERY good as were the fries. I really enjoyed this place. If you're in the area, find one give the beers a try and the food, they go well together.
2	I went to the one at the old port. I had the thin pizza as an appetizer and the sausages for dinner. The food wasn't very good, I don't think I will go here again. The service was decent and the atmosphere is typical pub. I think there are many other places to go that have better food.
2	I'm sure excellent meals have been served here, however, the day that I visited was definitely NOT one of them. My husband and I ordered Poutine as a starter and found it "okay". You could definitely tell the fries were of the generic food service variety, and the gravy tasted as if it came straight from the jar. My husband ordered the pork shank and mash and was definitely let down. There was far more inedible fat and connective sinews than actual meat. I ordered the "peppy" pizza which was okay but wound up picking most of the pepperoni off because it was filled with hard gristle! I really wanted to give them a decent review, and I'm sure that other locations in MTL are decent, however, this one just didn't hit the mark- at all.
4	Stopped in here for some beers and food on the way back from walk in the old port.  I ordered a light Brasseur special pizza, a friend ordered the same another friend ordered a Peppy pizza and one other friend ordered theRoyal Sauerkraut.  Of course the real reason we came here was for some beer!  We ordered the special brew beer which can't remember the name but was great.  We were happy with selection and quality.  Pizza was nice and light and beer was zippy good!
2	It's pub fare.  They make aok beers.  Screens are small.  Food is below average.  It's a Plan C when Plan A and B don't work out.
1	Not a good time. We were seated upstairs, which was fine. We ordered drinks & food. My buddy's Rum & Coke included a screw. After reporting it (and explaining that we didn't want anything comp'ed) we were given a stare-down by their security from across the bar while the manager & waiter discussed the situation. No idea how a screw got into his drink. Food was ok, normal pub food. I didn't try the beer, which is likely the draw for this pub. We ate & left feeling like we weren't welcome.
4	I didn't love it,But somehow drank for six hours.Must not be that bad.
3	This was a great experience for me being in Montreal for the first time for work.  We stopped here for lunch and I really enjoyed my meal.  I had braised pork shanks with their homemade sauerkraut - simply outstanding.  The meat was fall off the bone tender and their kraut is tasty too.   They have a diverse menu so a large party will be able to find something for everyone in most cases.  Can't speak to prices since I did not pay but I would not hesitate to come here again for a meal.
3	Some of the worst beer I've had in a long time.  Not sure how they continue to sell it.  Run of the mill chain "micro brew".
2	This place is ok. The beer is ok, the food is ok, and the atmosphere is ok. The service was pretty bad, but I felt bad for our server because he had some weird tables and his English wasn't great. Meh.
3	Stopped here for some beer to catch a little bit of footballYup, lots of screens w gamesIt.s in the middle of a touristy areaThe staff is on and offSome are courteous and some are just ignorant rudeBeer is made there It was okayI didn't love this place
1	For being in a tourist area no one seems to be very good at customer service. I stood at the bar just to ask a question about if we seat ourselves or wait to be seated. After standing there for 10 minutes no one acknowledge us and I proceed to ask at the bar. The bar tender just stood there and then started helping other people after making eye contact with me several times. Very bad customer service. Will never go back.
2	We came here the first time we were in Montreal a couple years ago and really liked it but we didn't really order food then...just beer and shared a basic flatbread.So we came back and the beer was still great but the food was not. Server was nice enough but we got sat right in front of the door with cold air blasting us every minute or so. It had seemed like the restaurant was really crowded when they sat us there but it turns out it wasn't and they just sat us there to torture us maybe?If the beer wasn't so great, it would definitely have been a one star.
2	Pretty lame service (girl who just cleans behind the bar could stand to smile once in a while), overpriced drinks, none of the beer is really good, the beer cocktails were so weak, and even though they only have 6 beers they were out of one.  Great location though.
4	Recently in Montreal, my boyfriend and I ventured into Les 3 Brassuers for a snack and got a couple of beers to try their brew out. We ordered a pizza that was delicious! The crust/dough was almost a cross between a crepe and pizza dough and the pesto drizzle on the pizza was phenomenal! The cheese and tomatoes on the pizza were very fresh and overall, we were very impressed. We were only in for a snack, otherwise we would have ordered more food. We each got a beer, both of which were good, but not our favorite. It was quite crowded, but it was a Friday night. Coming from Boston, the crowd was nothing extreme and very manageable. The atmosphere was very fun and we would both return and get food, but probably not one of their beers.
3	The bottled beer is by far the best thing on the menu. The draft beers are pretty good, but not great. Do not go here for food.
3	Walking along Old Montreal, we decided to stop here for some drinks. We didn't expect much in terms of service since we were in a touristy, loud, busy bar, we just wanted our order to come when it's supposed to come.We had the 4-oz glasses of beer with different flavours and the blonde beer, which were both decent. Service ended up being okay, as we actually had a good conversation with one of the bartender ladies. However, it was simply too loud and too crowded for my party to enjoy our drinks that we decided to leave as quick as possible after we're done.
2	Pros: easy to spot, clean, decor is pretty nice. Cons: terribly slow service and meh beer. It's basically a place to dive into when you can't find anything better or are too tired to make it to a better place.
2	I haven't eaten at this location, so although I'm sure it's the exact same food as the other L3B's in the area, I won't comment on the food quality here.I don't know what it is with their beers, it's something that I can't quite verbalize.  I tried several different beers: the blanche, the blonde, the IPA (which was a new item on the menu) and a couple of others, including a seasonal.  They all had this... funk about them, except for the IPA. Like a hint of clove and foot.  My wife noticed it immediately as well.  In fact, even though she doesn't care for IPA's, the IPA was still her favorite of the group (because it was sans funk).If you're not limited to the immediate area, I'd branch out and try a different place for a good micro brew.  Or honestly, either stick to the IPA (or maybe the stout, which I didn't try) or find another place with a decent selection that's not made in-house.
4	This is like the equivalent of a TGI Friday's for me...but its old town location gives it a lot more character than a Chili's would have in the States.  I came here on my first night in MTL and ordered their Light Blonde beer, a regular poutine and a smoked meat "Flamm" (a very thin crust pizza with a cream sauce).  The place was packed for a hockey game, despite this we grabbed a table right away and a lovely waitress greeted us quickly.  She brought us English menus and drinks right away.  The beer was good and the poutine (with maxi fries) turned out to be my favorite during my stay!  And I did my share of poutine tasting....from super high-end to not so much, and this one took the prize (sorry French-Canada!).  The Flamm was not my favorite, but the beer and poutine filled me up, so it wasn't a big deal.  If in a bind for a place to dine, this is not a bad bet.  It really doesn't feel so chain-like.
4	I am in Montreal for the first time for a conference. I am a big fan of pubs in the states, so naturally thats the type of place I sought out first. I've been to a few so far this week. Les 3 Brasseurs (the 3 brewers) is one of my favorites so far. All the servers / bartenders speak English and accept USD. The food is good. Try any variation of the poutine and you won't be disappointed. The beers are quite good, too. I've found that many Canadians don't prefer very bitter beers, but I do....so I was a bit skeptical in trying the IPA, but it turned out to be similar to an American IPA, so I was happy. There are at least 2 locations of this place in Montreal...and somehow I've ended up at both. It is spacious and a unique looking atmosphere. Fun!
3	Stopped here for a late lunch and was pretty impressed.  Good beer selection and looked to be a younger crowd but still good atmosphere - beautiful day for sitting and chilling outside.  Had pint of their Blonde brew and was pretty decent and followed it up with the Quebecoise poutine and the italian sausage flammekeuche.  Both were pretty good as well.Overall everything was pretty good but not great or fantastic.  I'd go back again but will not be making a special trip.
3	It was OK beer and  so so pizza.  Chain restaurant in Old town Montreal, looks unique from the street, but ends there.  Seems to be the Canadian equivalent of TGI Fridays.
4	Their pizza it's pretty good!! (they call it differently since it's not technically a pizza, since it has no sauce) and their beer is delicious, I recommend the amber one. Great decor, nice atmosphere, even for families, and also great service.
2	This is an OK place to grab bar food and watch the game and hear some decent music. I came here on a Monday night and they had the football and tennis finals on. The food was what you would expect from a bar. The Caesar salad could have done without the bacon and could have used more dressing. The grilled chicken brochettes was pretty good, but you only get two skewers of chicken.  My waiter could have been a bit more attentive after receiving my food, but he was ok overall.
4	I will only speak for the drinks. The mojitos are very good. Their microbrews are decent too.
4	Always really good, i had pizza and my mother in law got smoked meat poutine. The smoke meat was really gross. Sorry...like really gross. And i love smoked meat. my pizza was delish and ceasar salad was good as well!
1	The service was excellent. That's where the positives end. Tried the 6 beer sampler since I like microbrews and enjoy trying a wide variety. I could not stomach any of them. All were very yeasty and just plain awful. The IPA had barely a hint of hops, and the red and stout were also incredibly sweet as well as yeasty.  The food was underwhelming as well. All had potential, but then poorly executed. Did I mention the service was great?  And yes, that's where they were successful. They should abandon the idea of brewing their own beer or hire someone who knows how to brew something worth drinking. Generally microbrews are rich and complex and enjoyable. I can't even think of a word to describe how awful these are.
4	Max is a great waiter and the la belle province is great! Atmosphere is also great :)
4	Brasseur special flat bread pizza was delicious, blonde and white beer was good too . Nice decor/atmosphere as it was located in old Montreal building.
3	The rib steak was fat...but the mash potato was awesome and the beer. Although onw beer was flat and after we told the waitress she exchanged it immediately. Great service!!
4	Went with my grandmother as my "birthday dinner". We had the charcuterie platter which was delicious and each got the mussels. Although tasty, the portions were large and we were both entirely too stuffed by the end of our meal. Our tab was about $82 (one wine and one beer) and my grandmother gave the poor waiter $90. The waiter kindly accepted the 10% tip and wished us a good evening. I snuck off to give him another $10, props to him for not having called out my grandmother for the poor tipping.The lost star is because the mussels weren't phenomenal, slightly overprice (but I'm cheap) but MOSTLY because the initial waiter serving us refused to serve us in English. If you don't want to give service in english, maybe you shouldn't be working in a section of town as touristy as the old-damn-port. Le sigh.
1	We went there the ambiance was nice but the food was served close to cold and we waited 40 minutes to get it. The waiter just said he was sorry. We had a choucroute and a flammenkuch, they were'nt good at all. Not only because they were cold...
4	Just went tonight with coworkers as we're staying right in the area, apparently both of them had been here before and thought of it fairly highly. Food was good, I had the lamb shank which was pretty well done for a brewpub. Beer was also pretty tasty as well, especially the seasonal porter and the regular wit. Service was pretty friendly so I would come back.
4	The house brown ale was okay, the stout on the rotating selection was amazing.  It's nothing that outlandish, but the service is good, and it's a good place to get some beers, poutine, and pub food.
4	This is my third time to a 3B and I find there quality of food, beer and service very dependable. This last time I had a group of 11 with me.  Checked earlier in the day if they could accommodate us later and they took our reservation--even let me pick out a spot.  Sure enough our table was waiting and the service by Vincent and the whole staff couldn't have been more effeicient.  We had a Cirque show to catch at the Old Port, do it was a perfect location in Old Town.  Plus, when I told the staff our time limit and we were all paying seperately, there was no eye rolling or attitude.  (America really needs to adapt the portable card machines!). Excellent menu selection for pub food plus fare.  I enjoyed a Smoked salmon/shrimp flammenkuken.  Delicious.I really recommend this place for some pub flare with style.
3	Decent beer but seriously, the bartenders have to get over themselves and learn customer service.  Ummm, smile much?  Eye contact? Check if things are okay?
2	After a job well done at work, my boss offered to treat my partner and I to dinner wherever I chose. Since my first experience here was great, I opted to come back for some good food and amazing beer.We were seated after a little wait time, as it was a busy evening. Our waiter hurriedly brought our menus and left us for far too long. I had to hail him back to give him our order, not to mention wait for far too long for our appetizers, then in an ironic twist, main course, minutes after our appetizers. Not cool! The waiter was detached and really had a "could care less" attitude. I asked him about several of their house brewed selections, and his answers were brief, without much knowledge or description. After getting our main course, he never came back to check on the food, refills, etc. He was far more attentive to the pretty young girls across from us. Very unprofessional, to the point where I e-mailed them from their website. They sent me a $20.00 gift card, which I'm still afraid to use, since even with a $20.00 discount, that level of service will still be a rip-off.They're lucky to get a 2 star, because the beer actually was amazing!
4	Great bar. Nice vibe. Awesome home brews. I had the 4-beer sampler to taste their brews and all of them was pretty good. Went for a pint of their "Blanche" afterwards, perfectly refreshing on a hot day.
2	We were walking through Old Montreal, decided for the first time on our trip to pick a restaurant by our own choice and not by recommendations of the locals.  Big mistake.  The restaurant had a lot of people, and the menu seemed to have good options, so we figured it couldn't be bad.  It was.  The only thing worse than a bad meal is an expensive bad meal.  My "Euro" sandwich was honestly worse than what I would get at Subway - dry and bland.  My husband's expensive steak was "forgettable."  I was tempted to tell people passing by not to eat here, it was that disappointing.  Save your money.
1	Food took a long time. Appetizer and main served at the same time. Food was cold. I didn't not get the sides that I ordered and my steak was not cooked as I had specified.  Staff the service was bad because they had to close the kitchen for one hour but would not say why. The beer was good.
4	my love for now. every time pass by, want to have a drink here. good place for afternoon relax.
1	I come to this place whenever I am in town for business because it is familiar and less formal than most others around but I need to stop that.  The food is ok beer ok but the service is horrendous every time.  Have to wave down help, never get refills. I am not alone as people constantly stop by the bar to ask to pay their bill since no one ever returned to their table. Shame because the place is cool looking but...there comes a time. I guess I need to switch to wine next time in the cite!
4	I was so impressed with the menu and selection.  We stopped in after a day of traveling and had a couple of great beers and a delicious flatbread.  I hand't heard of the restaurant before and was surprised to learn that it was a chain.  I look forward to returning so that I can try some more of the menu.  I definitely recommend.
4	We walked through the streets and we're looking for a nice place to eat. By accident we stopped here (around 6pm) it was easy to find a table and we had a very excellent service. I loved the beer, very good. Also the food was quite good except that my steak was not medium any more. Price is slightly on the high side it still acceptable for location, quality and service.
4	Beer was excellent here, service was good too. We didn't get to try any of the food but for some reason it reminded of TGIFridays. I like how their menu is printed out like a Gazette and the variety is extensive. I also enjoyed the laid back ambiance. I have to say, when it comes to beer, coffee, and wine, Montreal has it together; well done.
3	We ate lunch here on New Year's Day when most other restaurants were closed. The food was decent but service was fair. Our waitress forgot to put in our appetizer order which wasn't that big of a deal, but overall not great service.
