5	We drove almost 40 miles (each way) to check out Porkopolis, and it was worth every mile there and back!Our delightful server Megan suggested we try the Red Neck Tacos to start, claiming that we probably never had anything like them before.  She was absolutely right! The tacos are delicious soft corn pancakes topped with tender pulled pork, jalapeno slaw with sweet and smoky sauce. A fantastic combination, and would have been enough for my dinner alone, maybe with a side, but I had to share with my hubby, who also raved about this unique dish.For his main course, hubby had the baby back ribs. They were finger-licking good! He claims to be a baby back aficionado, and when he finished his first rib with a Cheshire Cat grin, I knew I had to have a bite even though I have never been a fan of the baby backs myself . . . I am a convert, at least at Porkopolis! I ordered the Barbecue Salmon which came with polenta cakes and fresh veggies. I am always a little hesitant to order salmon out because even when I ask for it to be prepared on the rarer side, it never comes out right. I was even more hesitant here knowing that it had to be cooked and then recooked on the grill. Much to my satisfaction, out came a beautifully done hefty piece of salmon cooked to perfection. I opted to have it prepared with the sweet and smoky sauce instead of the hot and spicy, and it was yummy! The polenta cake had a hint of cheese, and was very creamy in texture, a great match for the salmon! The macaroni and cheese was equally creamy. Loved that it had a "crust" on top.Both owners, Matt and Brady, came around to greet us and see how we were enjoying the meal. They engaged us in some great banter, commented on my picture-taking . . . "Are you tweeting?" "No, Yelping!" Then I told them they already had two 5-star reviews!  Unlike Brianna, I found the service to be spot on, especially for a restaurant that opened less than two weeks ago. Our server was attentive and on the ball. We never had to ask for a tea refill. We also were thanked by not only our server and the owners, but also by the other servers. Either they heard you Brianna, or you didn't hear them when you left???By the way, we picked up a bottle of sweet and smoky on our way out. If we can't get to Porkopolis as often as we like, we can bring a little Porkopolis to our home. I can't wait to try it on some chicken, Highly unlikely we could find baby backs even close to the fall of the rib, though.
5	My family and I have been here twice in the last week.  The barbecue nachos are fabulous, and a meal all by themselves.  Top hat off with a two, or even three, meat entree and you're all set.  The corn bread and the garlic mashed potatoes just added to a great dinner.  The desert choices are great as well.  They have a great brownie ice cream sandwich that my whole family loved, and tonight we had the sticky toffee pudding cake.  Both nights you could see Brady making the rounds talking to the guests.  He is very friendly, and jokingly tried to get my daughter to give him a bite of her chocolate chip cookie.  It is definitely good food with a very friendly atmosphere.  The only problem I have is that it is on my way home from work and too tempting to get the nachos for take out.
4	I must admit ever since I saw the "coming soon" banner on the store I've been waiting to taste some BBQ! Porkopolis more than delivered. The setting was much fancier than I had imagined it to be which is fine because this section of Chandler is starved for sit down eateries. Upon walking in my sister and I were graciously greeted by staff. We started off with the BBQ Shrimp Skewers which we nicely paired with coleslaw and mango salsa (the salsa was more of a chutney- wasn't my favorite but it's passable). My sister had the Brisket sandwich ($10) which was served on brioche bread (nice touch!) she wolfed it down so fast that I didn't even get to taste a piece. Her sandwich also came with Cream of corn which looked super luscious but she struggled to eat it because she did not have a spoon. I had the 2 item combo ($14) I choose the Ribs and Pulled pork. The ribs were meaty and tender and the Pulled pork was amazing!!! The sides of choose with my combo were the Mac and Cheese and BBQ Beans. The Mac is comes in a very large portion and it's probably one of the best mac's that I've had in a while. The BBQ Beans were slightly sweet and savory, I enjoyed the flavor but again it was a struggle to eat because I had no spoon! The house BBQ is served on the table but if you like hotter food you can ask for their spicier BBQ. I like how this place had both linen and regular napkins makes eating BBQ less messy. At the end of the meal we were given moist toilettes. The I only thing I recommend is fresh squeezed lemonade instead of that stuff on tap and giving spoons to folks who order beans or cream of corn.
5	We drove here to meet friends for dinner coming from the opposite direction.  From the moment we walked in the service was terrific.  Angella immediately helped us with our drink order and then Megan took over from there.  We started with the Red Neck Tacos and the combination of flavors was amazing. I could eat that as my entree.  My husband and I shared the baby back ribs. These were the meatiest ribs I have ever had and full of flavor from the dry rub.  Our friends had the 4 meat platter and were extremely statisfied with their meal.  We will definitely return when we have a craving for BBQ.  Worth the 30+ minute drive from North Scottsdale!
5	Great BBQ! Love the sauces. Fried pickles are good start! Brisket and baby back ribs combo was a good choice. Desserts are terrific! Ask for Megan!
2	Judging by the other reviews, I was expecting this place to be pretty awesome. I have  a feeling that none of the people giving it high ratings so far have had good BBQ. Honestly, this is probably the most overcooked BBQ I've ever had, with the exception of the brisket, which was tough and clearly undercooked. The ribs were pretty much mush. They couldn't even be picked up. The bones just slid out of the meat. That's called overcooked. Ribs should NOT fall off the bone. The pork was dry and a bit tough. I wouldn't be surprised if they were serving leftovers of that. The chicken was even drier than the pork. There wasn't enough sauce in the building to bring that back to life. As far as the sauces go, the sweet & spicy one (whatever it's called) was pretty good. Better than most sauces you'll find elsewhere. The teriyaki was horrendous. That's a flavor that doesn't belong with BBQ in any way, shape, or form. I tried it with each of the meats and none of them went well with it. I also wasn't impressed with the overall vibe of the place. It felt dead & the staff seemed less than enthusiastic to be there. If you're in the area and they're open, it may be worth a shot if you have no clue what good BBQ is. Otherwise, it's a no-go.
1	Visited 5/27/12...So was craving BBQ.  What would be better than that on Memorial Day Weekend. Went with two other friends.  Had heard this place had recently opened and my friend had heard by rumor mill it was good. First, I don't give much stake to reviews.  I am the type of person that has to try it myself to believe it.  However, in this case the reviews that reflect the 2 Star rating are extremely accurate. They had half priced appetizers.  We had an order of the Red Neck Tacos.  Pulled Pork with Jalapeno slaw over corn cakes.  These were probably the best thing we ordered.  Although the Pulled Pork was much like my main order, see below..Had 3 Meat meal with Pulled Pork, Brisket and Baby Backs. Baby Backs are a 1/4 slab.  It came with 4.  So I had to research to learn that a Full Slab is considered about 16 Ribs.  However, these were very small, for whatever that is worth.  Another friend had 3 Meat with Chicken.  In all cases, the four available meat choices were dry and over cooked. Baby Backs, the meat was falling off the bone - over cooked. The rub was extremely salty and overpowered any meat taste, smoke taste and BBQ Sauce.  Brisket, dry.  Chicken, dry, Pulled Pork was probably the best of the 4 meats - dry.  The BBQ sauces are lacking.  One that I still don't know what it was supposed to be, another a little spicier and there regular. A third friend stuck with his own order of Red Neck Tacos and then a side of Mac & Cheese.  This side was really pretty good.  Maybe the second best thing we had. I was extremely disappointed.It is not open for lunch, which is maybe the only other time I might try to return for a sandwich.  Otherwise, there are way too many other locations that serve better BBQ than this. If you are thinking about it, don't do what I do... Trust some of the reviews and maybe move on.
2	Came here the other night and ordered the 4 plate meal. The chicken was dry, the brisket was fatty (I know there should be some fat but I should have taken a picture for you to see what I mean, Meh), only got three ribs, and finally the pulled pork was pretty good. Reason for 2 stars... three of the four things were sub par...Probably won't be going back anytime soon...
2	Honestly, this is probably over rated BBQ I've ever had, with the including the brisket, which was tough and clearly dry brisket should be moist without the sauce. The ribs were pretty much undercooked a little. The pork was dry and a bit tough. Unlike the other comments here I like my ribs falling off the bone, but not to the point that cannot enjoy.If you're in the area and their open, it may be worth a shot if you have no clue what good BBQ is. It good to get others opinions on this place.My server was great, friendly, and attentive. Prices are reasonable.I will visit again under the 3 strikes and you're out rule.
4	We went on a Sunday and they were advertising on a sign out front Happy Hour (Porky Hour) half price appetizers and drink specials.  The pricing for specials was confusing to the point where the staff could only charge certain prices depending on where the hostess seated you in the restaurant.  That was confusing and pretty stupid. 3 star management, but 4 star service.  Our waitress kicked ass.And of course, 4 stars for the delicious food!  We had the Redneck Tacos, which were a perfect combo, and a meal for one by themselves.  Great big portions!We split a 4 Meat Platter and it comes with 2 sides and their 3 kinds of BBQ sauce.  The brisket was perfectly cooked medium rare.  The ribs were good but a little overcooked.  The chicken breast was good, but on the dry side.  Sauce made up for that well enough.  Last meat was the pulled pork, same as comes on the Redneck Tacos, which was just perfectly tender and flavorful.  At $20 it was a good deal and we had plenty of leftovers for the next day's lunch.Porkopolis lived up to its name with its pork.  We'll be returning to this restaurant with the hopes that they work out a few of the start-up kinks..
5	Great BBQ! Great chicken. Sauces and rubs are tasty. Leave room for dessert. Megan was a great server.
4	Just tried this place for the first time tonight. My husband and I decided to try the Redneck tacos, pulled pork sandwich, and the brisket sandwich. All the food was really good. The mac and cheese was my favorite. The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because we ordered takeout and the tacos were soggy. It only took ten mins for our order to be ready. Next time we want to eat in because the place is a total neighborhood hang out.
2	Decent flavors but these guys don't know the basics of Brisket.A couple things.1. im a Brisket nerd and a BBQ Guru. I know how to smoke it and know how it should be smoked whether using Pellet or real wood. These guys use Pellet.2. The Brisket was tough, it should be springy when you pull i apart. This was not. Which means they cooked it too long or too fast typically. If you are a Brisket fanatic like me you need to try The Pork Shop in Queen Creek. By far the best Brisket in AZ. If you want a good happy hour and some decent pulled pork tacos and cheap beer, try Porkopolis. Just don't go there expecting awesome Brisket and you will be happy.
4	I always loved Brady's BBQ sauce, so I was excited to try his restaurant and I was not disappointed! I have had many, many pulled pork sandwiches and it is the first thing I try at all barbecue joints. I have to say this sandwich was heaven on a bun. The pork is perfect - not too moist, not too dry, with a nice bark on it. The sauce is wonderful - the perfect mix of tangy, sweet and smoky. But the piece de resistance is the bun - it's a brioche bun that they toast perfectly so every bite has a amazing crunch to it.  I think I'll be dreaming about this sandwich...I tried my husband's brisket and it was great too (although I have to say I still think the best brisket I have ever had is a friend of mine's who does competitions) - moist with a nice bark (if you can't tell, I love bark on my barbecued meats) and very lean. The beans were also fantastic - really spicy, which I love. But if you like your food mild, you might want to pass. The mac n' cheese is also very nice and creamy with a little sharpness to the cheese.The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is the burnt ends weren't quite as burnt and as full of bark as I like them, but I am an enthusiastic love of lots of bark as I have already mentioned. I think I will try the redneck tacos next time if we want an appetizer. We were too full for dessert, but someone at the next table got some amazing looking chocolate chip cookies that came with a glass of milk that almost changed my mind. Maybe next time... and there will definitely be a next time!
3	Fried pickles were yummy! I was impressed with the presentation of the food on the plate. I don't think I've ever had a prettier plate of BBQ. The salmon was cooked perfectly; however, the BBQ sauce on the salmon is definitely a little on the spicy side-- almost too spicy to the point it almost overpowers the salmon. If you're sensitive to spicy foods, I would not recommend the salmon dish. If you love spicy foods, you'll probably love the salmon. Also, this place opens at 3:30pm, so this place is more for dinner or a really late lunch. Bring your appetite, though. They serve a lot of food!
4	So I pass by this corner *all* the time and I never knew this place even existed.  I had to find out from Yelp... that's not good marketing.Hubby was in the mood for Joe's BBQ last night and so to break out of the routine of going to Gilbert for our BBQ fix, I convinced him to try this place out, quoting some of the remarks fellow Yelpers had provided.  He ordered the 3 meats (ribs, brisket, pulled pork) and I had (stupidly!!!) the Asian Pork Salad... FYI: DON'T BOTHER getting this salad: it was soggy with sugary dressing, the "mixed greens" were literally iceberg lettuce with about 5-10 leaves of spring mix, the peppers were barely there and so was the pork portion.  I was very disappointed and, frankly, peeved that I chose that when I should've just gone with my instinct of a pulled-pork sandwich.  Whatever...Hubby's meats were tasty - we both noted the brisket was very dry and had to load it with BBQ.  I tried the pulled pork from his platter and loved the bark.. dark, crispy, fatty, yummy, sweet.. good stuff.  I know what I'm getting next time!  Hubby however, was not as impressed with the meats - said they were good, but still thinks Joe's can't be beat.  He says that if you want to hang out with your buddies to have some cold brews and good BBQ, this is your place... but if you're focus is great BBQ, he says to stick with Joe's.Oh yeah and you need to try the Mac & Cheese - the best I've ever had... creamy, cheesy, bits of non-cheese flavoring that are exciting and addicting.Also, they served ice cold Firestone IPA - delish!Service was nice and so was the ambiance.  I am a fan of the mac n cheese and the pork bark here, but hubby is still a Joe's believer... so, there you have it.
3	3.5 out of 5 stars, really.My wife is an avid KUPD listener & so we had to give this place a try after learning about it from Brady on the show.The location/atmosphere are very nice - modern & comfortable.The service when we went was perfectly adequate.  The server was friendly & kept our drinks topped off fairly well.As for the food, we were disappointed in some items & pleasantly surprised at others.  We tried...Beef Brisket - pretty dry & probably the weakest of the meats.Ribs - over cooked & a bit mushy, but the flavor was ok.Pulled Pork - the best of the meats, it was fairly tender & flavorful.Chicken - not bad, very smoky (in a good way) & tender/juicy enough.Burnt Ends - flavor explosion, though quite a bit of fat & maybe not worth the $.Cole Slaw - the wife LOVED it & the slight jalapeno kick.Mac & Cheese - quite possibly the best I've ever had at a restaurant.Cornbread - good flavor & texture, though curiously served cold.It's funny, judging the meat alone would give this place a 2.5 star rating.  Judging the sides alone would give them a 4.5 star rating.  Strange, considering the supposed focus on the meat.I'd like to take a minute & talk just about that Mac & Cheese.  It is seriously good.  There is a slight jalapeno kick, smooth sharp cheese sauce, al dente noodles, & it's topped with crispy bread crumbs & more cheese all in a pretty large ramekin before being individually baked.  I would HAPPILY pay $15.00 for an entree sized portion topped with some of that pulled pork!!!  (hint hint, Mr. Bogen)Overall, a pretty good dining experience.  We'd definitely try it again if we were in the neighborhood, though it's not the epic BBQ experience we were hoping for.
5	Outstanding food!!! The Nachos are awesome and probably the best we've ever had.
1	Ok gave this place another shot. Picked up 1lb of Brisket at 6pm on a Friday night. I assumed they would have the fresh brisket out and ready to roll.Drive home (15mins) opened up the brisket for me and the hubby and it was by far the most dry and overcooked Brisket we have ever had!!!! My hubby is a bIGTIME BBQ nut and he said this Briaket had easily been sitting since the morning.Why would you serve this to people and charge them this much!?!Anyone can do Pulled pork. It can sit out for MANY hours and still taste good. Brisket, not so much.Bummed.
4	Outstanding BBQ...especially the Hot & Yaki sauce.  You have to try the Red Neck Tacos and the BBQ Salmon is excellent.  Also, ask for the "Apple Pie" before you eat.  It's special label bootleg-style whisky, but it tastes exactly like home-made apple pie. If you have watched the show Justified on season 2, you can try the real stuff.  Great food and excellent staff!
2	Paid $7 for a two second pour on a well gin and tonic, bar tender was nice but main focus was his cell phone. I don't eat dairy so my only sauce option was BBQ for pickle chips. No marinara or honey mustard or anything..
2	I had a co-worker mention that this is their family's favorite place, since we live just up the road I thought "awesome." *sigh*  My husband ran down there to grab take out and was immediately struck by the decor, which was fairly upscale... for it's business, it's location... for BBQ, and to top it off had a misogynistic poster of "how bbq is made".  I understand it is a joke, but is that the right place for that joke?  Maybe it would be better served on their Facebook wall instead of their dinning room wall.  In his t-shirt and shorts he felt a bit scrubby being in there and chose to wait for the food outside. Pretension aside, the BBQ wasn't great.  We got the burnt ends which were very tasty and the best item we got, but also extraordinarily fatty and not a great value at $11.  The pulled pork was the best of the meats.  We also sampled the chicken (lovely and smoky but dry), brisket (worst, by far the worst brisket I've ever had in fact, dry, fatty and tough), and the ribs (also dry and tough).  From the other reviews it sounds like we should have gotten the mac & cheese but instead we got the beans which were oddly chili beans and not BBQ beans, and the chips.  My chips were well cooked and seasoned but half of my son's order were soft and half-raw. The pulled pork was tender, but pulled pork is forgiving and we weren't impressed.  Their rub is fairly spicy and we all felt the heat detracted from the experience.  I'm all for spicy BBQ, but I think it should be in the sauce so you can adjust it.  We couldn't do anything about it being cooked into the meat that way. Overall I expect we will not be back to Porkoplis despite the convenient location.  We've got too many great locations like Joe's, Rudy's, and Famous Dave's even, that are worth driving a little further for.
5	Some of the best BBQ that I have ever had. I had the three meat platter - ribs, pulled pork and brisket. All delicious!! Service as A+. Would definitely recommend trying. Place was smaller than expect but we were seated right away.
5	I liked everything about this place. Brady came up to our table and was super friendly. My date loves the HMS radio show he is on. So he was excited to come try it as Brady talked about it on the radio. I live near it and have wanted to try it too. I got the BBQ Burger which was great! My date got the 3 meat meal. He said he enjoyed it very much. The two sides he got were Mac N Cheese and Fried Polenta Cakes.......both were fantastic. We both plan to go back. I wanna try the Red Neck tacos next time!
4	you know that feeling when you walk into a restaurant already knowing the food is going to be delicious? This place made me feel that way. I put my hand on the door smelling the sweet and dense aroma of barbeque and knew I had to open fast. The restaurant was impressively clean and perfect for a family outing. There is a nice and open bar with large television screens for those who want to sip on a beer or two to chat as well. My mother wanted to have a drink but wasnt sure what she'd like. Our waitress, however, didn't drink so she couldn't make any real suggestions. Instead, she brought the bartender over to our table and he went through the entire list trying to please her thirst the best he could. Tried the Red-Neck Tacos and the 4 meat combo. The tacos were very unique with jalapeno cole slaw (the best!) and corn bread tasting shell...it was more like a corn cake (pretty good). loved the pulled pork with on top, made for a perfect combination. For the four meat combo we tried the brisket, pulled pork, and two orders of ribs. Was a little weary about trying the brisket because of other reviews saying it was way too dry but surprisingly I loved it! It was one of my favorites, the pulled pork being my favorite. The ribs were good but tasted more like ham than a rib. The side Macaroni and Cheese = THE BEST and jalepeno cole slaw also delicious. the meats did get me to feel a little queezy but that's what the bread is there for I guess. I didn't eat anything other than the meat because...that's just how I am. The combo did, however, come with pickles which I devoured. Asked for more and they brought out a huge side plate full of them hahawould go back during happy hour if time permits! 3:30-6:30 M-F!
4	We decided to try Porkopolis after hearing about it on KUPD-- Brady Bogen from Holmberg's Morning Sickness is the owner. The food was absolutely delicious. We had the burnt ends, pork ribs, a 2-meat chicken and brisket platter, a brisket sandwich, and a brisket quesadilla. The four of us each had a little bit of each other's dishes. The burnt ends were a little bit fatty, but they were moist and delicious. I normally don't like pork ribs much, but these were great-- they didn't have that gamey taste that pork sometimes has, and they didn't have too much fat. The brisket was out of this world. We did not have dry, tough brisket like some people are saying they had in their reviews. It was moist, tender, and perfect. The brisket quesadilla was by far the best thing I tried-- I ordered it as my entree even though it's an appetizer, and it was more than enough food for one person. We will definitely be back!
3	Ordered the two meat platter (pulled pork and ribs).  Had polenta and cream corn as sides.Also ordered a pulled pork sandwich with fries and baked beans.So the food...Ribs...fall off the bone so that was good.  Flavor was fair.  Not bad, just not unique.Pulled pork...pretty goodCreamed corn...good, better than Rudy's.Polenta...meh.  They don't have onion rings on the menu, but they have polenta??  How does that happen?  That being said, it just wasn't worth getting.Pulled pork sandwich.  Again, pork was good.  The bun was a brioche...very good.Fries...matchstick kind.  I like matchstick fires but these could have been a little warmer.  Other than that they were ok.Beans...were ok.  A little sweeter than I would prefer but since the serving size was pretty small I didn't get too much of a sugar rush.Service, for the food anyway, was very quick.  I'm not sure how this happens but the food beat my beer to the table.  Beer showed up a few minutes after the food.  As I understand the economics of the restaurant industry, the big money is made from bar sales.  Such being the case you'd think the beer would show up sooner and then they'd ask if I wanted another with the meal.  Nope...didn't happen that way.  As a matter of fact, didn't get asked if I wanted another beer (I didn't) until I was all but done with my meal.  The other thing that struck me odd was the number of employees socializing with the guests.  I mean being polite and talking with guests is one thing but this was something else entirely.  Kind of reminded me of some of the scenes from those restaurant rescue shows.  Another thing that struck me as odd was that the place was packed and we were initially told we'd have to wait for a table or sit at the bar.  As it turned out a table came open.  As they took us to our table we walked through the bar where I noticed one of the bar high top tables (located behind the reception desk) covered with items that clearly belonged to someone at the restaurant, and other than the stuff on the table, no one was using it.  Again, odd, am I in the middle of a restaurant rescue show or do we just think it's a good idea to take up table space for now good reason.I gave them a 3 but because of the things that really struck me as being odd (see above) they're probably really a 2.75 or less.
1	I could not rate Porkopolis as it is never open.....WTF!!!    We live in the neighborhood and have to drive by the location several times each week...each time it is closed no matter what time of day.  Don't understand a restaurant that has a good location but has poor signage and is never opened.   One would think that a restaurant that claims it specializes in BBQ, would have their smokers going day and night.  Too bad as Tom's BBQ is overrated but at least they are open. Also, I tried to post my comment without a rating..... but YELP will not let me.  I only selected a 1 star however it was under duress.
3	We ate there for the first time last week on the recommendation from a friend. It was happy hour which has some decent prices on beer, mixed drinks, and appetizers (there weren't any special prices for wine). However, I was disappointed with the beer selection, both for happy hour and the beer not on happy hour prices. There was no amber-style beer on the menu. I had to settle for a pale ale. Also, there weren't any local beer/Arizona beer selections such as San Tan (located a couple miles north) or Four Peaks. I was disappointed that a local restaurant is not supporting local breweries. They do, however, offer a dessert popsicle from a Chandler company. We didn't have dessert so I don't know if the popsicle is any good.I've seen the mixed reviews about this restaurant's food so maybe it depends on who is in the kitchen that day. We had a good food experience and the service was adequate until the end when she was chatting at the bar and ignored us. I had the pulled pork sandwich (not dry), my boyfriend had the brisket (not dry or fatty), and our friends had the quesadilla which they loved. We also had fried pickles for an appetizer (happy hour price) and they were very tasty with the BBQ aioli. Three things would make me change my three stars to four stars:1. put local amber beer on the menu2. place TVs so everyone in the bar can see the game (my back was to the screen)3. fill up my water glass when it's empty; I was glad I left water in the car because once we paid our bill the server never made contact and I was parchedI will be back next month in December with my girlfriends. I hope they improve the beer list!
2	Burnt ends just okay, barbeque sauce pretty good, quesadilla bland, pulled pork sandwich was just okay.  The meat was super fatty, even for barbeque.  The fries have too much powder on them and taste like barbeque lays potato chips.  Service was just okay saw employees lounging near counter where food comes out with the paper or ipad or kindle or whatever brand, "chef" made table visits twice, but was to the same table.  Took my husband there for his bday and mentioned it twice before he got there and once again after he got there and not even a happy birthday and guess they don't do anything for bdays.WHAT THE HELL KIND OF BBQ PLACE DOESNT HAVE FRESH BREWED TEA?  Shameful!  And no potato salad.AND...both of us ended up sick for a cpl days after eating here. We won't be back and tell everyone we know not to go there. Disappointing because the hubby kept talking about it wanting to go there for a while since he listens to the DJ that owns.
4	Highly recommend trying the Apple Pie Moonshine!! So good! BBQ sauce was delish. My boyfriend loved the spicy version, even bought a bottle. :)
5	If you walk into a barbecue restaurant with no smell of barbecue, you know they're doing something wrong.  In this place, you walk in and ALL you smell is barbecue.  That's already a good sign.I went there last month with my parents.  We were greeted well and quickly brought to a table.  Our waiter gave us really good service, and was attentive without being annoying.  My parents ordered the BBQ Nachos, substituting brisket for the chicken for no extra charge.  They come with freshly-made potato chips topped with cheese, cheese sauce, green onion, pico de gallo and sour cream.  That was unexpectedly good.  I ordered a brisket sandwich on a toasted bun with pepper jack cheese, along with crispy shoestring fries.  The brisket was good, tender and smoky, the way it's supposed to be.It turned out that my dad didn't get a whole lot of meat on his nachos.  The waiter was cool about it, and got him another healthy portion of brisket for no extra charge.  On top of that, he also brought a free dessert to make up for the mistake.  Talk about service!That was my first time at Porkopolis, and definitely won't be my last.
4	I finally tried this place today and I'm glad I did. Being a KC native, I have found it difficult to find good bbq in the valley. When I'm craving bbq in the future, I'll be going back here. I'm looking forward to trying their burnt ends and french fries. I ordered the two meat platter with brisket, pulled pork, mac n cheese, and bbq beans. The bbq beans were more like the beans I'm used to (made with bbq sauce), not the cowboy beans you typically get in the valley. The mac n cheese seemed homemade, but it needed a bit of salt and pepper - I like pepper in my mac n cheese.The brisket was deliciously smoky and had a perfect pink ring around the edge. It could have been more tender, but it was leaps and bounds better than the fatty, no flavor brisket I usually get out here. The pulled pork was fantastic and it's not something I usually get. It was extremely moist, tender, and flavorful and there was no fat. The presentation also reminded me of home with the two slices of white bread under the meat and pickles on the side. One of my favorite things about bbq is eating white bread soaked in sauce. Unfortunately, the only thing I didn't like was the bbq sauce, but that is a personal preference. All three of their sauces are sweet and I do not like sweet bbq sauce. I would have given them five stars if I liked their bbq sauce.I can't speak much to the service and ambiance because I ordered carry out. However, the hostess was very friendly/helpful and there was a nice bar with tv's. If you are craving quality smoked meats, this is your place.
5	Delicious food. I had the pork sandwich and we split the BBQ quesadilla - they were both really good. I was surprised that it was a sit-down restaurant and not the typical 'order at the counter' BBQ place so that was kind of cool. The apple pie moonshine is pretty tasty and goes well with the BBQ. We'll definitely be back.
2	So I've been waiting to try this place for a long time and I was disappointed.The only good thing was the sauce. All the meats were super dry and flavorless.The service was good (it was a Monday).The prices would be fair for better quality/taste but they need to work in their kitchen.I had the brisket, ribs and pulled pork. The pulled pork was the only thing that saved the review from 1 star.
4	Best fried pickles I've had. Husband usually won't eat them but he tried these and loved them. Sliced thin and crispy. Had the Redneck Tacos which is listed as an app,  but was easily a meal I could have shared. Jalepeno coleslaw was the perfect addition to them and hubby's sandwich. Resist the urge to try the fried mac and cheese bites. No flavor to them. Apple crisp was tasty but not much crisp to it. The pulled pork and the bbq sauce was delicious.
3	Went here tonight with the family. It isn't bad, however it isn't my favorite. Had the beef brisket platter with garlic mashed potatoes and jalapeno cole slaw. The brisket was decent. The potatoes were lumpy which I liked, however they were dry and I didn't taste garlic. Now the cole slaw on the other hand was delicious. It wasn't overly saturated with mayo, nor was it sweet. Should I come back, I will be ordering two sides of the cole slaw. The prices seem a bit high compared to their competitors.
5	I live in Surprise and made the hour trek to Chandler just for Porkopolis. So worth it! My boyfriend and I both got the two meat plate. He got Turkey and pulled chicken with the BBQ beans. I got the baby back ribs and brisket with Mac and cheese. Nothing disappointed! The Mac and cheese was ridiculous! It was all cheese! Was almost hard to get a bite without having cheese strings dripping down my chin. In my book that's a fantastic thing! The baby backs were literally falling off the bone. Also they had stevia in the raw for my delicious black Berry and jasmine iced tea. High class! I even saw Brady and John Holmberg eating lunch at the bar, though it embarrassed my boyfriend so much at just the thought of me saying hi, I didnt. That was my only regret of the visit! We got out of there at only $23 and change. Great price for both of us leaving stuffed! The service was quick, friendly and attentive. I give the highest of recommendations for Porkopolis!
2	We went to the NHRA Drag races last weekend and thought it was a good time to finally try this place. The service was great - we were greeted promptly and our server was attentive.   However - it seemed half the food on each plate was cold.  The mash was good - but cold.  The brisket tastes fabulous but was cold.  The ribs were great and served hot, the chicken was good and served hot, the beans were good and served hot.  So in short - the food was good but it was hit or miss on temperature.  Further - we paid just about $60.00 for lunch.  It has cloth napkins which matches the bill but it seems they want it to be a more casual place.   There were more employees than customers which caused a "gathering" at the food bar in the back of the dining room.  They seemed to be having a lot of fun.  It's certainly over priced OR they need to change it up so the food and restaurant are more in line with such high ticket items.  I'd go back - but only if someone else is buying.
5	Brady's fat ass is finally right about somthing! The pulled pork is amazing, the sweet and smokey sauce is not as good as the hot and sweet though. I recommend asking for the hot and sweet sauce on the pulled pork, but honestly you can't go wrong iether way.
5	If you judge a BBQ place by the smell when you walk in the door this place will get your attention right away.  It smells like any authentic down home BBQ joint you have ever been in.  Before you are even greeted by the friendly staff it's a good sign.  The menu is great, diverse and everything looks great.  I had the Cuban sandwich which had pulled pork, mustard and pickles with a side of jalapeno Cole Slaw.  It was exceptional.  Other favorites at the table were the baby back ribs.  The meat was falling off the bone but not overdone.  The appetizer was the potato chips with ranch dressing.  If you love chips this is the perfect dish.  The worst thing about the appetizer will be stepping on the scales tomorrow morning. :)  Well worth the extra pound it added to my waistline though. :)The BBQ sauces were the best, Madison, our server was great, atmosphere was great and the food overall was better than expected.  They also do the little things right like have Stevia in the raw, not a huge thing, but very noticeable in terms or doing it right. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves BBQ or wants to try something different.  We will go back for sure.
5	Finally tried this place after knowing about it and driving by dozens of times.. Hopefully it won't be so long until my next visit as I enjoyed it quite a bit.  The smell inside this place is amazing..  I really had a tough time deciding what to get as everything looked and sounded really good.  Started with the fried pickles - quite tasty.  Ended up getting the 3-meat platter with the Turkey, Brisket, and Ribs - mashed potatoes and cornbread for the sides.  The food came out quickly as it was pretty slow for an early Tuesday night.  Everything was wonderful.  The brisket was sliced thin.. the ribs fell off the bone.. and the turkey was juicy and flavorful.  Potatoes and cornbread were good though they were just sides and my main focus was on the meat.  The service was great.. our server Madison was very friendly and attentive.  The place itself was nice looking with a modern/rustic look - the wooden tables and lighting were quite nice.  Food prices were pretty reasonable.. $8 for a cocktail was a bit steep for me, but overall I give this place an A+
2	This was our first time at this new restaurant and it will also be the last time. We wanted some place close to our house since we had time constraints. When we first walked in, we got excited with the smell because we love BBQ. We ordered deep fried pickles which were great for an appetizer and then for the entrees. My mother in law order the BBQ Jambalaya, which was a mistake. Rice was super dry and the meat portion of shrimp and chicken was a little light for the price. My wife ordered the Salmon, which that is a joke. Should have called it the guppy. The serving was about 1/3 to 1/2 the size of any Salmon you would get anywhere else for the same price, and it was laid atop that same DRY dirty rice. I ordered the 2 meat platter with bean and fries. I had pulled pork and brisket. Both were pretty good and the sauce was good, but there was some fat included and I have never been served fat pieces from any other BBQ. The kicker here was 8 oz of meat for $14.95!! At Joe's REAL BBQ, you can get the same thing for $10.49 or get 12 oz of meat with 2 sides for 12.99. This will be the last time I go here. If I want BBQ, I am heading over Joe's BBQ in Gilbert or even Chandler BBQ Company which we have had before and we like as well.
1	Seriously nice waiter. The beans and slaw were good. The cuban sandwich had burnt cheese, no pickles or mustard and the bun was crumbling apart. Their slogan is the evolution of barbecue.......I sure hope not!!!! Won't be back.
4	They're breakfast on the weekend is great. I always get the Redneck Benedict.
3	Me and my wife went with our friends who had already been once before. I was impressed with the pulled pork and brisket but the sides were sub-par. The dirty rice was odd flavored and the mac&cheese was  bland and mushy. I would eat there again but not very often.
5	Was driving by on a Friday at lunch and noticed this place... Pulled pork Gods started whispering my name.  The service was awsome!  The pulled pork was delicious!  The hot n sweet BBQ sauce was perfect.  Mac n cheese was just okay.  The price was fair and this place struck me as extremely clean which was nice.  Liked the theme and art and music.  I will bring my wife here soon.  Good job Porkoplolis.... Now plant one in east Mesa:)
4	This was the first stop on our restaurant week agenda! My husband has driven by this on numerous occasions recently and this was his pick. Good pick! We made a reservation for 7 on a Sunday night. We were greeted and seated almost immediately (bonus points for reservations meaning something!) It was loud (due to cement flooring and open ceiling) and there were quite a few families there with kids making noise, but it wasn't distracting...just sounded like everyone was having a good time. Our server (who never gave us her name) was courteous and efficient. We ordered the red neck tacos to start...they sounded unique....BBQ meat, coleslaw and sauce on a pancake! They were good (especially the coleslaw!) but I suggest you add a little more sauce to them. There were 2 choices of sauce on the table...both really yummy. For our entrees I had the catfish (NOT BREADED THANK GOD!) but wonderfully seasoned and perfectly cooked. It came with fresh string beans and dirty rice...both very good. The spouse had the ribs...and holy cow there was a mountain of them! He is a big eater and he could not finish them! He said they were delish and very meaty. They came with that great coleslaw and fries. For dessert we split the apple cobbler...made just how I like it with lots of brown sugar, and topped with fresh vanilla ice cream. For drinks, the spouse had his usual (boring) gin and tonic, but I tried the Firestone Brewery DBA. Really good!  Our bill was about $60...good value! My husband is happy he found a new lunch place for the days he has to go to South Chandler for work. Check it out!
5	Love the food!!! We have been there many many times now,  each time I try something different and can't decide what I like best. All the food is great! Even my kids love it.  We always get the nachos and fried pickles to start and end with the ice cream sandwich. Best place in the valley!
1	I see some good reviews for this place, so that leads be to believe they might have some consistency problems. Perhaps their 2nd shift cook isn't putting the love into the food that the 1st shift cook does? Who knows. All I know is this. I'm going to rank my grievances with this place in order. 1. BBQ chicken is not supposed to be unseasoned fried chicken. Most places smoke their chicken then pull it. That seems to be the standard which I have began to expect. I know the menu doesn't say "pulled chicken", but when I see chicken on the menu in a BBQ place, I sure don't expect a bland fried chicken leg/thigh combo. 2. Burnt ends not even edible. A little fat is one thing, but an entire appetizer of burnt ends and ALL of it was fat? Cmon now...That's just lazy. Burnt ends are basically the end piece of a smoked brisket. They are known for being HEAVY on the smoke flavor, while also very tender and flavorful. The burnt ends I got at porkopolis were just pieces of fat cut off of an unseasoned brisket. If anything, it just opened my eyes to how bad the brisket was going to be, because I tasted NO smoke in the burnt ends, which is a really bad thing for BBQ. 3. The brisket not only lacked seasoning and smoke flavor, it was tough as beef jerky! This was the worst brisket I've ever eaten. Wow...Unseasoned, fatty pieces of brisket that wasn't smoked enough(IF AT ALL) and was tough because it wasn't cooked slow enough. As a brisket lover, this was a sin to me. Those 3 things ruined my meal for me. The pulled pork wasn't bad. It was noticeably more smoked, but AGAIN, not seasoned enough. It was bland. The BBQ sauce they feature there is actually pretty good in my opinion. Brady's bbq has some good flavor. Too bad it's being wasted on VERY POORLY cooked bbq meats. The sides were decent. The cornbread wasn't bad, a little too cakey but had good flavor. The mac and cheese wasn't bad either. The cream corn was something both me and my girlfriend liked a lot, so good job there. The baked beans tasted like hormel chili. We couldn't finish that nor did we take it with us. Finally, the apple crisp with ice cream was tasty. The dessert was by far my favorite part of an otherwise forgettable meal. Honestly I hope they figure this BBQ thing out and fire whoever cooked last night. Find someone who knows how to operate a smoker and season their food please. Finally, the service was good. The tall, pretty, blonde girl was very nice. It wasn't her fault!This place is so close to home. I really hope they get their act together so we can try them again.
3	My husband and I wanted to try this place for a long time and after we finally did we couldn't really decide how we felt about the experience. There were some really good things that could've made it a 4 star experience and there were some questionable things that were worth 2 stars so we decided to settle on three.First, the good things.:) The tacos we got for the appetizer were weirdly awesome. Pulled pork with jalapeno coleslaw on pancakes was a bizarre but tasty combination. The portion was HUGE. It would've been more than enough for an entree for me. Pulled pork and brisket were really good. If we go back that's what we'll stick to.Again, the amount of food you get for the price is obscene.:)) Now the questionable things...The atmosphere was meh, really small place, the waitress looked like she was so behind on everything that she was never going to catch up. The guy who sat us down and brought us the food told my husband that he had some other sauce that he recommended we tried and when we said "sure" disappeared and never brought us that sauce. I think they forgot about my order of blackened catfish because it took a while to get the food and we only got it after they brought our dessert and we said we hadn't had dinner yet.  The bbq chicken, the turkey and the fish were nothing to rave about. We didn't think they were very good. They ran out of apple crisp so we had to go for the ice-cream sandwich (it was part of our 3 course for $40 dinner). So probably not the best bbq place in town but not the worst either.
5	We actually avoided coming here until the reviews were better. When Porkopolis first opened Yelpers didn't like care for it much but that often happens with a new restaurant. It takes time for everyone to get down a smooth running process. I'm so glad we waited because tonight was great!We were seated within a few minutes, greeted and had our drink order taken. Our server was pleasant and she took our food order; pulled pork sandwich for me, and the brisket french dip for my hubby. Fries on the side. While we waited we took note of the decor; rustic "gas" lamps hanging around the room, fun large pieces of wall art, the tables were of smooth, dark, large planked wood, tv's above the bar, and a bar height seating area in front of the kitchen. It was clean and everyone was busy.Our food came out and it looked wonderful. It was of a great portion. We tested a little of the bbq sauces available on the table. Of course he liked the spicy one, and I preferred the sweet. We both were "mmmm"ing in our first few bites. The food was delicious. Both of our meats were moist and the bbq sauce was fantastic. The bread of the buns were soft and warm. The fries were seasoned well, and even the Cokes really hit the spot to wash everything down.I feel we got a fantastic meal for the price. We had an excellent time and look forward to our next visit!
3	The hubby and I went to Porkopolis for dinner for the first time last week since they were pretty much the only place in Chandler besides Cork that was participating in spring Restaurant Week. They were in the $40 category but their offering included two entrees with a shared appetizer and dessert so we really got our moneys worth.We started with the Burnt Ends appetizer which was basically chunks of brisket mixed up with their sweet barbeque sauce. The meat was a little fatty but it had a good smokey flavor to it and the sauce was pretty good so we both really enjoyed this dish. One of the entree options was the 3 meat platter which is normally $19 so that made it such a fantastic deal for RW that we both decided to order that. I got the turkey, pulled pork, and brisket as my meats with beans and cornbread for sides. He got brisket, baby back ribs (1/4 rack) and chicken with fries and cornbread for his two sides. So, between the two of us we had a ton of food and got to try a lot of different items. I have to say my favorite was the brisket. They know how to do it right here. Good smoke ring and it was served with a slice of white bread - Texas style. And they have two sauces that you can put on yourself, one is a little sweet and the other one has some good heat to it. I chose the latter and it was fantastic! I am also really happy that they offered corn bread since this just goes with good bbq in my mind but unfortunately theirs was a little dry. The beans I ordered were delicious, though; nice and tender with a fantastic tangy and spicy sauce. And the fries my hubby got were addicting; you could really tell they were fresh cut, not frozen.The place itself is a little small and there is not much in the way of decor. It looks very new which is nice because it was clean but on the downside it just didn't have a whole lot of personality. We sat in the bar area and so I believe our server was the bartender who was stuck acting as waitress and hostess as well since apparently the other server didn't show up for work that evening. I wouldn't have minded the slow service ordinarily, especially since she did warn us up front and apologized for it but unfortunately I had plans with my sister later and ended up being late because it took us over an hour between being seated until when our food arrived. We ordered the apple crisp for our dessert but had to have it boxed up to go... which meant I didn't get to taste it since the hubby ate it on his own while I was gone :0)So, really not the best experience but I will definitely give them another try since the food was so good and they are pretty close by.
4	Solid four stars for our first experience at the opolis of Pork.  It's tucked away in the Sam's Club parking lot and despite driving past it numerous times, did not realize it was there.  That said, I listen to Holmberg's Morning Sickness almost every morning so I've been wanting to try it out for some time.  It's smaller inside than you might think, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Our Groupon special came with two of their cocktails, an appetizer, three meat entrees + two sides, and a dessert.  I've only had fried pickles that were better at Hooters - and in my opinion, Hooters frickles are the best thing on their menu.  In other words, get 'em!  The brisket was fattier than it should've been, the pulled pork was spot on, and the ribs were a little dry.  The sides were tasty, I had the mac n' cheese - which had a kick to it that I enjoyed, and the jalapeno coleslaw that tasted nice and fresh.  They were out of the ice cream sandwich that came with the special, but instead they gave us two of the best popsicles I've ever had (see review for Paletas Betty) which ended everything on a high note.  The service was top notch and we will be back to try the other meats!!
5	Addicted to their fried pickles! Everything was really good ~ whole family enjoyed their orders, I liked the brisket the most (stole from my husbands plate)! I ordered the redneck tacos, the meat and slaw was delicious, but didn't really like the corn pancake - it would be a hundred times better on regular pancakes :) Nice atmosphere and the coolest bbq sign inside the restaurant, that you'll have to read for yourself ;) oh and they DO TO have Iced Tea! (someone commented that they didn't) haha
4	The opolis of Pork was very good. Fried pickles were excellent as well as the pulled pork. Only suggestion I would have would be on the sides. My wife received the mac and cheese as her side which was delicious and a huge serving. When it came to my baked beans very good but tiny portion. It almost felt like I didn't really get any. I would just suggest getting the mac and cheese cause you get a lot more food for the price
3	Was jonesing for some bbq, so i stopped in to order some take out. Although my steak was great, the ribs we ordered were burnt and black, covered with sauce.   If you go here, check the order before you go.   However, i called and they offered to fix the problem, no questions asked, so that made up for the burned food. I will go back to give them a try again.  Mac and cheese was great, green beans were excellent  and the sauce was good.   Good cold beer at the bar and good atmosphere.
2	Family took me to an early Father's Day dinner and I was disappointed overall. The ribs were good but the brisket was fatty and full of gristle. The pulled pork was over cooked to the point of being mushy. The burnt ends were not even close to being burnt and were actually better than the brisket. The mac and cheese seemed to be from a box with some bread and chili put in at the end. We will not be back.
5	We've been a handul of times now, and we always have a wonderful experience! Love the pulled pork, and their bbq sauces are great! It's nice coming here for the laid back environment, and being able to relax and enjoy some good food.
5	The service was wonderful. But the food. Wow it was amazing. The turkey was the best but everything was so good.  It was clean and well decorated. The staff was friendly and helpful. We will be back.
5	My husband and I have been here a couple of times. We go for lunch so its not too busy. We were seated immediately by the owner. The environment is laid back and comfortable. I had the french dip sandwich which is the best I've ever had! It was full of flavor and served on a soft roll with au jus. My husband had the 3 meat plate and it was so much food we brought left overs home. We had dessert of cupcakes and vanilla ice cream. Cupcakes were moist and really tasty. We love the food here and plan to visit more often!
2	Bummer...I really tried to love this place. I'm all about supporting local businesses vs. chains, but I won't go back. I've tried this several times and the inconsistency of food quality is a real bummer...One visit the burnt ends are crispy, delicious, meat candy and the next visit you're served a bowl full of chunks of beef fat. (Brisket varies along these same lines.) One visit the bbq beans are sweat and tangy with robust flavors and the next they taste like ranch style beans from a can. Just not worth it for the price.
5	Hands down, one of the best BBQ joints I have ever been to and I am pescatarian! My boyfriend and I ate there a couple of weeks ago and it was amazing! Our server (can not remember his name, but it was not him, it's me, I am bad at names) was great! Checked on us appropriately, not like those annoying servers who do not give you an opportunity to even eat, refilled our drinks and even helped me decide what to have for dessert when I couldn't decide. Cupcakes! Always a good choice! We started off with the deep fried pickles; great texture and the dipping sauce had the right amount of spice! I ordered the Blackened Catfish topped with Mango salsa. DELISH! On the side were green beans (fresh, not the frozen then thawed kind) cooked to perfection with the right amount of crisp to cooked ratio and square of corn bread. Did I mention the BIGGEST square of corn bread ever?? So pleased with the taste, it was like cake!!! My boyfriend ate ribs and although I do not eat meat, I know a good rib when I see one...the moment you pick it up it falls off the bone..yum! I also ordered a drink called Hoochie Mama which had moon shine and Ginger Ale, so good. I will definitely being going back and will be bringing some more peeps along!!
5	OMGosh... Must try! Just left and I can not wait to let the world know they need to get into this place. I'm a Texas girl and always have something to say about BBQ. My boyfriend got the Brisket French Dip, the brisket fell apart in your mouth! So goodI had the Pulled Pork Sandwich, like I said I'm from Texas and very picky about my pork and it was nothing less then amazing.Only complaint I have is that I don't have an extra stomach to eat more!
2	Im really surprised at how many raves I've heard about this place.  The food is unremarkable.  Cornbread is dry, lots of gelatinous fat on the pork, brisket was tasteless.  Service was terrible.  Wrong drinks, no napkins, got our own silverware, asked for ranch and catsup twice before it came.  Super expensive and VERY noisy.  Still hunting for a good bbq joint to rival Kansas City.
4	Pretty good BBQ joint, local business. My husband wanted to try it because it was opened by Brady Bogen on 97.9 KUPD. Our waiter was amazing, and funny. We were able to seat ourselves which was nice.We started the meal off with the quesadilla which was really good. Probably one of the best items I ate. We both got the 2 meat platter and both got brisket (3 oz.) And baby back ribs (1/4 rack). For sides I did garlic mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. He did corn bread and mac and cheese. Their rub they use on the ribs is kind of strong. You get used to it as you eat, but it's definitely a slight assault to your senses. And i'm not sure i'm a fan of the mac and cheese, I think it's cooked with jalapenos which I normally don't mind but it was an overwhelming flavor. I really loved the brisket, and the garlic mashed potatoes were amazing! I'd go back again and maybe try one of the sandwiches =)
3	Good place or bbq... The brisket french dip sandwich was flavorful and had plenty of meat!!  The au-jus was flavorful too; kinda a surprise since Most au-jus is flavorless at other restaurants... What was not impressive was the fries; they just tasted generic and then they added this rub to em. The rub didnt hide the generic taste. Sweet tea is SWEEEEEEEEET  as fuck!!I would come back if I ever visited this god forsaken state again....
5	Yum-o! Great brisket! My husband and I just went for the first time and wil be back again!
5	My wife and I found Porkopolis by dumb luck. We were getting off the highway on our way to lunch - an old standby that we had not been to in a while. Waiting at the red light on the off ramp, we saw a big sign for Porkopolis. Who could resist a name like that? Not this guy. Fortunately there were no cars behind me, because I scooted from the left turn lane to the right lane. Am I glad I did.It was around 2:00, so there were only a few people in the restaurant. We were quickly greeted and sat at our table. I don't remember the gentleman's name that helped us, but he was very helpful, friendly and personable. If I had to guess, I'd say he was the manager.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. My wife ordered the 3 meat platter mostly so we could both have some ribs. Pulled pork and brisket were the other meats on her plate. She got the mac and cheese for a side, and I got the french fries. It only took a few minutes for the food to arrive. I thought the pulled pork was delicious. My wife said the brisket was very good, though she's had better. Not to say it was bad. It was still very good. We both loved the ribs.The bottled BBQ sauce at the table was also made by one of the owners of the restaurant. Both the sweet and spicy were really good. I always look at the ingredients, and I was happy to see no high fructose corn syrup in them.On a side note, we happened to be there when the wine sales woman was there. My wife jokingly made a comment that if they needed any help sampling, we'd be more than happy to lend a taste bud or two. Lucky for us, they took her up on the offer and we sampled three different wines. Hopefully our critique of them helped to make a decision.We will be back.
5	Excellent food and service. Especially enjoyed the pulled pork with some spicy barbeque sauce. They have made an effort to make the sides more interesting than those at most BBQ places and it definitely paid off.
3	Solid 2-1/2 stars... The first time we came here, the brisket was so tender and delicious, this time it was tough & dry. The jalapeno coleslaw was bland & dry as well, didn't even eat it & I love coleslaw. The baby back ribs were scrumptious & would order those again. My husbands plate with the brisket, pork, etc (3 meat plate) was overall underwhelming, the dirty rice was again dry, the only thing on his plate that sang to us, was the pulled pork. I think they need to work on consistency and quality control to level the food service better. BUT the customer service we received was excellent and always very accommodating and we really appreciate that! And as much as we love the service, it really comes down to the food & I think they still need to work out the kinks... Sorry =(
5	I read the reviews and tried the pulled pork and chicken with the hot n sweet bbq sauce and was impressed. I usually don't go to bbq joints because I leave feeling I could have had better at home.  Customer service was good too. Plus beer was $2. Ill definitely come back.
5	Freaking delicious. The bbq nachos are yummmmmmmy btw. And half off for HH. :-)
4	Great lunch. Service was excellent.  Brisket salad was wonderful. Food could have been served hotter.
5	Nice job. Had the 2 platter.  Pulled pork baby back. Delicious.  Will be back. Thanks.
4	I enjoyed this place. Went w a large group and were seated promptly. Since it was an odd time, after lunch but a while before dinner, there weren't too many other people there so we were able to push tables together. The waiter was a nice gentlemen who kept our drinks filled and checked in on us plenty. I got the pulled pork and brisket combo. Side of Mac n cheese. It was delicious and ample. And at lunch the price was sure right. I think it was maybe 12 bucks? The Mac had a smoky green chile taste to it which I liked but some of the younger kids at the table were a little taken aback. I'd recommend!
4	Porkopolis is my guilty pleasure.I came here a few times after work to get the brisket sandwiches.  I was drawn to this place by Brady Bogen and the Holmberg's Morning Sickness crew.  It's pretty good.  It gets FOUR STARS because I've always taken it to go and it never tastes as good as it could be.  It's also expensive for pork products, but they don't call it The Evolution of BBQ for nothing!  I highly recommend it.
5	Went with the 3 meat plate: brisket,  pulled pork, and ribs. Brisket was fork tender, pulled pork was moist and delicious, and the ribs had an incedible smokey flavor. They even off burnt ends (ordering next time, a real treat for a bbq lover). Some of the best bbq in AZ!
3	The food here is really good! Mitch our server was fantastic. However it's very loud and very crowded. All the employees were very nice but we were seated next to a table with unruly children that the parents didn't care to look after. I would definitely order take out though!
4	Actually very very good. The best BBQ I've had in AZ. Definitely a must try!! The redneck tacos are awesome!
1	We went a couple weeks after they opened and had such a bad experience we can't bring ourselves to give it another shot. My husband loves listening to the owner on the radio and we want to support the business but the food and service were terrible. It took forever to be greeted and seated. When we were finally seated it took almost 10 mins for our server to come over. We waited almost 30 mins for our food and it was cold, dry and bland when we got it. I was disappointed to say the least.
5	My bf and I love going here when I visit him from out of town.... his favorite is the pulled pork and I love their ice cream sandwiches. The ice cream sandwiches are literally to die for. Last time we went we were too full, so we ordered one to go! The Hoochie Mama is my fav drink, so yummy. The inside of the restaurant is great, lots of tvs and great service!
2	This was my first experience  two nights ago.  The food was a mixed experience and I won't be back.  To be fair, as the server recommended, the brisket was their best offering and it was very good but the ribs were tasteless.  The portions were a fair value.  There were only two BBQ sauces and one was an Asian-oriented sauce unusual for this food and the other was at best like a slug of molasses.  However, a dining experience is more than the food even if the setting is a casual environment.  The attitude toward the customer starts with the owner/manager and the staff essentially follow it.  My order came back wrong.  The server did correct the problem when I pointed it out.  At the end of the meal, the server inquired about my interest in desert.  Since it was my first experience there and my initial order came back wrong, I inquired if management would cover the cost of desert as a gesture of service courtesy.  The server went to the owner/manager who didn't both to come over and talk with me and said they would give me only half a desert but charge me half the price. This approach obviously won't win any loyalty from me nor likely from anyone else.  I spent over $33 on my meal alone, before gratuity, and didn't merit a visit from the owner/manager when the restaurant had only a few diners.
4	Good stuff.  I really like the ribs and the smoked wings; you don't even need sauce on either of these.The restaurant itself is more modern than I'd expected for a BBQ place, and the bar is nice as well.Servers are all friendly and can even manage putting up with my dad's rude requests with a smile.
4	Service was a bit slow but the breakfast way more then made up for it.  Dinner was okay. I'm sure I'll be back for football season.
4	Busy place, but Ragan hooked us up. Even though we got the wrong meal, they gave it to us for free and thanked us for coming. Good BBQ for the value. Could watch the game here with lots of friends at the bar.
5	Great meats, not dry and juicy. Wait staff very attentive and friendly!
4	A friend of mine recently tried this place and was ranting so we had to check it out. I called before we went because we are coke drinkers so thumbs up. Place is clean and hostess was super friendly.Our server made some great suggestuons, the wings for appetizers are delish, doesn't need sauce because they ate good dry. We tried the fried pickles,  those are pretty yum too. We split the full rack of ribs platter, and still have plenty we took home, HUGE portions and lots of meat on the bone. We got the mac and cheese as a side,  you have to try this. ..soooo good! I Think this meal was $23 but worth every penny consideing how much food you get. After being piggies and tried a lil bit of everything,  we ordered the apple crisp. Very good...I will be coming back here for sure, great service and easy going atmosphere.
5	Pretty good BBQ. I order lunch Togo very often and they are alway super fast and nice. The brisket, ribs, and chicken are great!
2	For a BBQ/Pork shop the pork was dry and Nasty. You got no choice of what sauce they put on your ribs. The service was worse than the pork. At one point there were no employees where a customer could find them. My wife had to go get her own silverware. The only good thing I had here were the chicken wings. For a pork shop really. There are better choice near by.
5	Awesome atmosphere, waiter was fantastic and patient with us while we drooled over the menu.Started with the brisket quesadilla appetizer. So. So. Good. Amazing.Ordered the meal, I had the brisket sandwich, boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich. Both were fantastic.Ordered the porch tea moonshine and it was very good. Ordered the apple pie moonshine, didn't like it as much.Five out of five, very good all around.
5	OMH good!  You can't go wrong. Everything our table ordered was wonderful and we each had enough leftover for our dinners. This was a good find and one we will not lose.The service was great. Attentive and helpful but not too much.
4	My husband and I finally made it in to try Porkopolis.  We are big fans of Holmberg's Morning Sickness and Brady, so we wanted to give the place a try. We went on a Saturday about 2pm for a late-ish lunch. The place was quiet, but there were several tables occupied.  We were greeted and seated promptly.I ordered the Brisket Sandwich and my husband ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich from the lunch menu.  He got the fries, I got the beans.  When our plates arrived, my husband's plate was half full of fries, while my beans occupied a teeny tiny little cup, like the kind you get when you ask for a side of ranch dressing.  The beans were delicious, but the portion was sadly small.The sauces on the table were delicious.  I liked the sweeter one while my husband liked the spicier one.  For the most part, I think it was worth the price.  The service was good and the sandwiches were great.  I'll get the fries next time, you get more of those than the beans.
2	We have been to Porkopolis multiple times and each time we have been having decreased satisfaction in the food and service. This visit we walked in and there was only one gentleman at the bar. There was a serve and bartender working and it still took a few moments to be recognized. After we finally got seated it took almost ten minutes for the bartender to come back to the table to take our drink order. When we finally received our food, which took over 30 minutes in a completely dead restaurant,  the meat was dry and tasteless. The corn bread was good and the mac and cheese was fabulous. My father pointed out the restaurant has pork in the name but yet they serve very little pork. My husband got the pork and it was fatty and dry. By the end of the meal we didn't stay for extra drinks which we normally do because the moonshine here is awesome. The only reason this review isn't a 1 is because the mac and cheese and the moonshine saved them. I am extremely disappointed and will most likely not go back to this restaurant.
5	This place is amazing, best service in chandler but don't get the take out food taste totally different then in house.
4	Very good bbq. Prices are very reasonable. I have never left hungry. I normally go for the pulled pork, it is shredded perfectly, not so much that it falls out of tye tasty bun, but not chunky. I hate chunky. Comes with a splash of bbq sauce on it, not too much to make you think they're hiding something. Bbq sauce on table is 2 flavors, neither are scorch your mouth. Brisket sammy is awesome, quesadilla was dumdum good. 3 big screens for sports on. A full bar. One thing that really STANDS OUT LIKE SOMEONE SCREAMING IN CAPS, is the outstanding service. It is some of the best I've gotten in Az. They'll toss the ball around with you if you're feeling snarky. My drink has never been empty too long without a friendly refill offer. They also offer me a to go refill. If you are a fan of Famous Dave's prepared before it hits the back of the restaurant, this may not be the place for you. Thanks Porkopolis for the good food, and if the painting of Japanese fart war goes missing.....I swear its not in my man cave.
5	Every single time we go in here, we have been so pleased with both the food and the service! Heard about the restaurant from the radio and decided to try it out with the family. Kids got the Mac and Cheese (I almost stole it from them it was so good), my wife got the pulled pork nachos, and I got a half rack of ribs. The meat was tender and fell right off the bone. Her nachos were something straight from the gates of food Heaven though! A mountain of potato chips topped with pulled pork, cheese, sour cream, green onion, and BBQ sauce! Whoa momma!Needless to say we all needed a nap after our meal and we will definitely be back!!
5	my wife and I came here after driving by several times and boy am I glad we came here for dinner!  the place is kind of small inside but they also have a decently sized patio outside.  there's a full bar and some TVs inside for games.  of course, the food is the real draw here - I got the mixed meat sand which and my wife got the BBQ burger and both we're great!  the meat was juicy and fresh and the sauce was a great touch.  they had sweet tea on the menu and it wasn't as good as what I've had in Texas, but it was still a fair sight better than anything else I've had in Arizona.
5	Very good happy hour. Appetizers are half off and are a good value at full price, so half off is great. Staff was very upbeat and attentive. A overall good experience.
4	Great Ribs. Nachos brisket was awesome.The service was great, my son ordered a steak and the staff were concerned it was taking too long so they gave us complimentary appetizer to eat while we waited. Irony was the steak came out quite fast.When the food came the servings were huge, fresh and tasted great.
5	We love this place! The food is really good. The kids meals are affordable and huge! And the moonshine  (especially the peach) is the bomb. We always go back.
5	Amazing meal. Great options on the menu and the Front Porch teas went down very, very easily!  My advice is to order lots of different things and share. Everything is tasty.  The Brady burger is porktastic!
4	First, I'm not much of a BBQ snob. I like all styles; a bbq whore, I suppose. The only time I gripe is when it's just bad. Porkopolis is not bad at all. I tried a bit of the brisket, ribs, and pulled pork from my friends plate. Was quite tasty, I think I liked the brisket the best. The Brady sauces are not bad. A bit different than what I normally see/have, but hey, if everything was the same it would be boring!I had the bbq nachos. Loads of chicken, lots of chips, cheese, etc.However, it was just a bit *too* much cheese. I had basically cheese soup with unidentifiable objects in it towards the end. I would have liked about half that much queso, senor. My son had the mac and cheese, which of course I tried. Quite good, he liked it. But he's 4, what does he know? Better than Kraft :)Overall, good BBQ. I only went there because a) Brady runs on about it all the time, and b) I was in the area. It's a bit of a drive from where I live, so I don't think I'd be going back unless there was a bbq bonanaza/wet tshirt contest/free beer thing going on. I would recommend it to friends, but I only know like 2 people out in that area and I'm pretty sure they've already gone to it.
4	Nothin like some bbq after a workout huh? lol. My friend recommended this place and wanted to try it out. So we had no idea what to get. We ended up sharing a 3 meat platter. Which was a bit much for two of us. We didn't even finish it. lol. We ordered the brisket, pulled pork and chicken, with a side of the creamed corn and Mac & Cheese. So my favorite was probably the pulled pork. This thing was amazing. & the sauce that they have will blow you away. Try the hot and sweet sauce that they have! The mac and cheese was also reallyyyyy delicious. I wasn't too fond of the chicken because I thought it was a bit dry. I definitely want to come back for happy hour! Those bbq nachos look bomb! The customer service was spectacular. I wish I remembered our server's name because he was super friendly and helpful with the menu. Very knowledgeable and always made sure we got everything we needed. I'll be back for more! =)
5	The gf likes to take me here because she says I'm a little piggy. I guess that's better than being a big piggy. But truth is this is one of phx best eating establishments. Think French class and care but in a BBQ joint. The quality and freshness of the food is simply amazing. Everything about this place is wonderful from the host at the door who is always sweet to the music to the diet coke. One of my favorite foods is apply crisp. They have some amazing desert save room
4	Awesome pulled pork...fabulous creamed corn....cornbread was a little dry....Mac n cheese did not need the jalepenos. We split a three meat platter and it was perfect portion size. GREAT service and cool atmosphere. Will be back here again for happy hour :)
4	I was told of this spot months ago but was hesitant to try it.....finally got to eat there and was pleasantly surprised. The portions are very generous,and sides were good.... (mac n cheese and jalapeno coleslaw) as for entrees the meat platter was good had ribs and  brisket.... only downside for me was the brisket could have been a little more tender,as for the ribs.... fall off the bone good. Will definitely visit again, just hate that it took me so long to visit...... Restaurant week is a fantastic idea!
3	Not a place to bring children. I have been to porkopolis a lot with my husband. It is our number one choice when we can afford a night out.   I was so excited to celebrate  mothers  day here with my family who was mostly from out of town. What a bad idea!I had brought my daughter here 2 years ago for Father's Day when she was 5 and thought it was just a fluke.  Nope!  They do not like children  During this trip my 1 year old son was getting restless and I ordered him some cornbread so he would calm down and not bother the other guests. I was a server I know how bad that can be. I ordered this first thing and asked for it as soon as possible. We asked nicely twice over a twenty minute period if the cornbread was coming. Our food came first. By this time baby was.mad and I spent most of the time outside. When we asked for water for the baby that was another 20 minutes. This place is just not for kids. Food is good but they are missing out on families.
5	Stopped in while on my way to a job site for the $5 lunch special. I was thinking it was going to be a light lunch (which I prefer) but I was surprised. It was a feast and I ate it all of course. The sauce is amazing and the fries are awesome. I definitely recommend Porkopolis for any meal! Service was prompt and friendly.You guys put me into a food coma!
1	More like NOPEopolis.  I'm usually not terribly mean in my reviews but I am still kind of annoyed by this whole ordeal.  I wanted some ribs, checked Yelp for good reviews, decided on a local place over some chain, and FAILED miserably.  Yelp owes me one.First, I didn't care for the ribs at all.  There was a bit too much spiciness on the ribs and it overshadowed the flavor a bit.  Also, I didn't really care much for any of the BBQ sauces offered and smokiness would have been more prevalent.  More annoying was that the ribs were overdone, which makes me think they were sitting around drying out, or cooked too quickly, and wasn't excited about a bunch of hard pieces of pork.  I tried the pulled pork too and it was underwhelming; Tender, but slightly dry.  This was also not very smokey or flavorful and tasted like bland cooked pork.Ok, so the meat was... meh.  Side dishes... is where I started posting curses at Yelp on my Facebook page because it was rated 4 stars.  The people who said get Mac & Cheese are out of their freaking minds.  This stuff took me down memory lane, of a time when I was 10 years old and didn't care how food tasted.  Think Ponderosa buffet mac & cheese here; Watery and tasteless.  I believe there was an attempt to bake some real cheese on top so it looked pretty, but I wasn't fooled.  I was excited about cornbread at least... NOPE!  Dry, cake like, and tasteless.  Use a box of Jiffy cornbread mix maybe? Ack! AND, melted margarine all over it?  I thought I was getting punked.  Here is the deal...  Go buy the book from this place back East called Dinosaur BBQ.  It has a recipe in it for cornbread.  Make that.  Yeah, you'll have to buy some actual butter milk and real butter, but so what.  Take some left over butter and melt that on top.  And, use real cheese IN the mac & cheese, not just on top of it.All that being said... the service was good at least.  And their Moonshine drinks were tasty, although they didn't really cheer me up.  Maybe I should have a had a couple or 10 more.
5	I was getting some work done on my car at Walmart and I figured it'd be nice to try something new, so this popped up and was a 10 minute walk. I am a glad I went!They have a outdoor patio section but it doesn't get much sun. It was still nice though.The server told me about the day's specials, and it was a brisket sandwich with Au jus sauce. Mmmm it was so delicious and tender and tasty. The cole slaw was good and fresh as well. I still think about this sandwich even days later.
2	This is the fourth time I've gone to Porkopolis and while the previous encounters were great, this last visit was a bit of a disappointment. The corn chowder soup which usually is one of the highlights was lacking in flavor and rather skimpy. The pulled pork was very dry and bland and the chicken wings, while flavorful, were very dry and over-cooked. I'll give them one more shot to redeem themselves.
4	Update! We've been back a couple times to try and give it a shot. Food was hot, flavorful and out in a timely manner. Service was improved. It was a quiet night but still great atmosphere and kiddo friendly. Overall improved and we would eat there again.
4	I would love to give it 4.5 stars. The only bad thing was the Iced tea. (kinda weak) Food was great, atmosphere was great and the service from our spunky little red headed waitress was awesome!  Prices also very resaonable.Try the wings. :)
3	Ordered pulled pork sandwich and burnt ends for lunch. We both got fat trimmings and no meat until we complained. Service was good and replaced both orders with what we should have been served the first time. It always amazes me that restaurants try to get rid of stuff that should have been thrown away by covering it with sauce and hoping you will not choke trying to eat it.
5	I can't remember why I decided to try this place but I am very picky about my BBQ being from Oklahoma.  It was tucked away and I finally gave it a try since the new competing restaurants were not up to my standards of licking fingers several times during the meal.  Yes that is a legitimate measurement in the world of BBQ.  Oh and a bib at times.It has a bit of a sports bar feel to it and the kitchen is open so you can see what's going on.  The owner was there one of the times I went and is very committed to a quality product and experience.I remember splitting the meat combinations a few times and it was more than enough food for two people. There is smoky flavor to the meat and I've tried the chicken, ribs, pork....all good.  If you are a bit of a wuss like me, I think the side of beans has a kick and so does the coleslaw so be cautious.  One of my favorite things to do is just get the wings and go to town on those.  They grill them instead of frying which makes them delicious.  Bypass the two BBQ places on Chandler & I-10 because this place so much better.
5	I love the apple pie moonshine and the redneck tacos! Super good!
5	First time here, absolutely amazing food. The brisket is by far some of the best I've had. Our server was on point. Always had our drinks topped off. I'm impressed!
3	This place was very clean and simple. The staff was friendly and nice. The menu looked pretty awesome but when the food came out it was disappointing. We had the red neck taco appetizer and the two meat combo ( baby backs and brisket), all of their meats were very fatty and the sides were boring and bland.  There is just nothing to write home about with this join. With all the BBQ competition in town they definitely need to step up their game.
5	Great BBQ, great value, great atmosphere, great music.  Waiter was friendly and attentive.
4	Good joint, great name.First visit here and it was tasty.Had the 3 meat plate with one side. Brisket, pulled pork and ribs with mac and cheese.-Pulled pork was my fav, had crispy bits and great flavor.-Brisket was super moist-Ribs were good with a bit crispy/dry on the edges (which i kinda like)-Mac and cheese was good and it was topped off with even more cheese :-)Two sauces. One sweet and smokey one hot and sweet.  The hot and sweet was my preferred one.Overall place is kind of updated bar feel and seem to have decent beers on tap, typical sit down type restaurant. Service was quick and on tops of things.Worth a try especially if in this part of town.
3	The excellent service elevates Porkopolis to 3 stars.  The food is good, but the only standout item was the fried pickles appetizer.  Those were the best fried pickle slices that I have had and I highly recommend you start your meal with them.I had the 3 meat plate (brisket, ribs and pulled pork.)  The ribs were the best of the meats and the brisket and pulled pork were good, but their flavor was underwhelming.   I had the mac and cheese as my side and the baked cheese topping was unbelievably cheesy.   Unfortunately, the actual mac and cheese below the topping was watery and much, much less flavorful.   I did enjoy their thick BBQ sauces and recommend you take full advantage of dousing your meal in their sauces.The atmosphere is relaxed with an industrial, modern feel.  Porkopolis is by no means a bad restaurant.   Their service, full bar and decent prices make it a worthwhile stop, if you are in the area and hungry for BBQ and beer.**Tip 1**They have a weekday happy hour!!**Tip 2**Am I the only one who puts half a bottle of BBQ sauce in my leftovers?  I always recommend you squeeze a little too much in your to go box!
5	The combo sandwich is awesome! The bacon barbecue burger is very good. I've been here a few times now and have had a great meal with good service every time.
5	We absolutely LOVE Porkopolis!  As a family we love to smoke our own ribs, and have perfected a recipe.  We have never found a comparable rack of ribs until we tried this place!  We are thrilled to have found a place to eat amazing bbq.  Since trying it out a few months ago, we have been back several times.  We love everything tried from the ribs, pulled pork, turkey, briskey, wings, mac n cheese,  cornbread, the Brady bacon burger.....amazing!   The service eating in is perfect, and take out is super efficient!  My little guy asks for ribs from Porkopolis weekly, and my little girl begs for the Mac n cheese.  Perfect place to satisfy the bbq craving when it's TOO hot to do it yourself!
3	I wish I could dual rate.  If so I would give the food a 4 but the service a .5 better yet a 0.  Our waiter left everything to be desired.  First when asking if he recommended the Corn Chowder I was quickly schooled that nothing would be on the menu if it wasn't good.   Thanks dude.  Then he jacked up my teenagers order by bringing him his side but not his sandwich.   When asked his response was to pull out the fourth chair, sit down and school my son on how to order a sandwich.  Still stunned.  I think his name was Dave or Dan.  Will eat there again but will ask to be seated with someone else.
5	Ordered the Asian spare ribs. Very tender meat on top of mashed potatoes mixed with veggies and teriyaki sauce. Very delicious!4 adults and 3 small kids (who shared meals), no alcohol, and bill came to $88.Good and friendly staff. It's a small place inside and the noise level is not real conducive to speaking at a distance.
4	This may have been my first time here but it definitely won't be my last. Had the BBQ nachos (substituted brisket for chicken) and it was amazing. Great atmosphere and great service as well.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect of this place, I've heard a lot of hype from different people but after seeing pictures of the food I had to give it a try. I decided on there Brady Bacon Burger which I want to say was a brisket bacon blend...with 2 strips of bacon, pulled pork, and BBQ aioli. I opted out on the coleslaw that was supposed to be topped on it. I eat a lot of crazy foodie type burgers and must say, I put this on my top 5 burgers of all time. I can't wait to go back and get it again. It is a little pricey at $14, but you get what you pay for. I don't mind paying a little extra for quality. They also had kool-aid on tap which was a great plus and serve local made and there own house deserts.
5	I tried the shrimp, chicken & pulled pork jambalaya. It was super tasty!! More of a BBQ flavor than typical spicy jambalaya. A nice change I thought. The lunch portion was enough to feed three, so I went home with leftovers. I can't wait to dine here again. The service was terrific!
1	Just spent $112 for take out to serve to friends and couldn't be more disappointed.  If this was a returnable purchase, I would return it for full credit in a heart beat.  The burnt ends were BURNT beyond recognition and were so BURNT as to not be cuttable or chewable.  The chicken wings were bland and tasteless and the ribs were so slathered in sauce as to be undetectable as baby back ribs.  MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT all the way around.  Of our 8 guests, NONE would ever patronage Porkopolis based on tonight's tasting...make that 10 including my wife and me. For far better ribs, go to Cheddar's or San Tan Flat...or just about anywhere else!
4	Great service, good food, great drinks.This was my first time to Porkopolis, the place was fairly small but didn't feel cramped even though all but two of the tables were occupied. I picked the Two Meat Platter (Pulled Pork + Brisket) with baked beans and green beans on the side. The pulled pork was great, the brisket was a little dry but otherwise tasty, the baked beans were great.  My wife had the Brisket French dip, of which I had a bite, along with mashed potatoes. Her brisket was a bit juicier than mine and was very good, the mashed potatoes were very good. I also tried out the Shine and Seven drink, which was delicious. Definitely a place I'll keep on my list.
5	Though I haven't been back since my less-than-favorable review of last week, I did want to let everyone know that management took immediate action on our review and made everything right, so we look forward to going back to try some of their new entrees.  To set the record straight, we've had nothing but great meals at Porkopolis since they opened but had a not-so-great take out experience last week.  Everyone deserves a second chance and we're more than happy to give them one because their burnt ends are fantastic!
4	Here now for the first time. I'm having the 2 meat combo with jalapeno slaw. Ribs are fall off the bone. The brisket is decent, I added some salt buts thats just me. The two sauce choices are ok. The hot n Smokey could be hotter for me. The sweet n smokey is simply not for me. Service was fast and friendly. I'll definitely be back.
4	We were in a bit of a hurry and it was our first time so we will definitely be back. The service was great, Jordan was our server and he made it happen. Helped us decide what to order based on his favorites and we enjoyed everything. Try to moonshine cocktails! Half price cocktails & beer during happy hour and includes appetizers. Great prices and we had a good time while we were there.
5	Awesome BBQ and the portions are big enough to share! The brisket was nice and smoky! BBQ sauces are put on the tables so you can add the right amount of sauce! I drive 45 min away just to come have the best BBQ in town
5	A friend recommended this place so I had to check it out.  I had lunch there with my boss (he paid - heck yeah) and I really enjoyed it.  I ordered the combo brisket pork sandwich and fries, and I forgot what my boss ordered because I was totally focused on MY sandwich.  The meat was tender and flavorful, and the hot n smokey bbq sauce was the perfect amount of hot and super tasty.  When I ordered, the server asked me if I wanted ketchup or ranch dressing for my fries.  I love that.  Usually I have to ask at least twice at other places before the server brings me ranch.I definitely recommend this place.  Next time I will order the brisket burnt ends and fried pickles.
5	i have been wanting to go to Porkopolis for a long time, finally went. i attempted the Brady's BBQ Bacon Burger Challenge. i of course failed miserably. but let me tell you, most food challenge and "big portion" restaurants focus on quantity over quality. at Porkopolis you definitely get both. everything there is so good from the meat all the way down to the vegetables and french fries and especially Brady's BBQ Sauce. everything is top notch, the staff is very friendly and welcoming while being professionals at what they do, the bathrooms are clean and very inviting, everything about this restaurant is perfect. if i could ever choose my last meal, it would definitely be Porkopolis. if you ever have any concerns the amazing staff will make sure you have a great experience. i was a total stranger to everyone there, but i felt like i had been best friends with everyone for years, even "local" celeb/owner of Porkopolis Brady Bogen when he stopped in and wished me luck on the burger challenge. Porkopolis will be one of the best dining experiences every time you go, i am sure of it. my taste buds are still tingling and party a day later. in fact......... I'm going to go eat some more Porkopolis right now.
5	Thank you yelp. I found this because of you! What a wonderful place, you walk in and the Aroma is amazing. The waiter was great, he said you could pick anything and you won't be disappointed. So I thought I would order what others have, the brisket and ribs...... Well being from the south we love our BBQ. This place was soooo good I'm lost for words on the food. They have wonderful sauces but because the food was so tasty you don't need sauce. The smokiness flavor was perfect, wish I lived here I would come in often. It had made my list of places to come back to. The waiter was awesome and he was right,  I'm not disappointed. Thank you for great service Dan you're the best
4	Ordered carryout. Got the brisket sandwich and fries, with a side of sweet and smokey wings. Amazing. Best BBQ in Chandler for the price.
4	Great bbq place serving pretty good sized portions. Fast service,  good selection. Brisket was spot on fall apart on your fork. Really one of the best I've had in a while. Only knock is there are only 2 kinds of sauce, both are sweet. Rice side dish is a little bland.
3	Anytime a place does smoked meat and brisket they get an automatic 3 stars and we'll take it from there. I had a 3 meat plate- brisket, pulled pork, and baby back ribs. We also had the brisket salad and a side of burnt ends. The brisket had a very thin smoke ring and was somewhat dry. No bark at all. Smoke flavor was hard to find because it was overpowered by salt. Salt permeated every inch of the brisket. The pulled pork was a bit dry and also had a lot of salt. Salt and sweet, but not in a luscious way, was the dominant feature on the burnt ends. They also had too much solid fat, not the soft, melted fat that defines a brisket that has had the fat and collagen fully rendered. The brisket salad didn't work for me, partly because I'm not a vinegar guy and the dominant flavor was from the vinaigrette dressing. Blue cheese was in the salad, along with pecans and strawberries. The blue cheese really overpowers the salad and in my opinion would be better replaced by a small amount of mild goat cheese, or removed entirely, because the brisket can't really show itself with such bold flavored cheese. The baby back ribs were good. Moist and perfectly cooked. Conclusion: If they back off the salt and replace it with more black pepper, along with adding more moisture to their smoker, then their products will shine, I'm sure. I might add that I think the service is good, and that portions are good. It m surprised to hear previous reviews complain about high prices. I think the prices are good. BBQ is an expensive item to produce.
5	Just tried porkopolis for the first time and was fortunate enough to meet the man himself, Brady! Super friendly and even played with our son. The food and server were really good as well. Had the brisket and it was so tender it was just falling apart. The smokey wings were also delicious! Gotta love when u try a new place and the owners and staff truly appreciate their customers
3	Decent place but the overly loud and neurotic redhead manager/waitress lady is nerve racking!!!If you go here to relax with a nice meal and a drink she will kill it. Her loud voice and constant complaining is like nails on a chalkboard
1	I've been duped by yelp this evening. I was looking forward to good barbecue. Besides the green beans I have nothing good to say. Staff seemed nice but the food was disappointing on all fronts. Dry ribs, dry cornbread, bland Mac n cheese, and slices of fat they called brisket.
3	Stopped into this joint on NYE to grab a bite. It was dead (to be expected). Service was great! We ordered the fried pickles to start. Quite a large portion size but left the bottom of the basket covered in grease. We each ordered a lunch platter of 2 meats with a side. Was slightly disappointed in the price of the meal compared with the portion size. The sides were tiny (2-3 bites). The pulled pork, brisket and ribs were DELICIOUS. Tender, juicy, flavorful and cooked to perfection. The two sauces they have we're fantastic as well (sweet & smokey and hot &sweet). Overall, Porkopolis is a great contender, but doesn't win out over Rudy's BBQ in my book.
4	excellent food and nice people
