5	This is a quaint little sandwich shop with super yummy baked goods and home made sandwiches.  I had the turkey and dressing sandwich on whole grain.  It's a plate of Thanksgiving dinner on bread.  It comes with a homemade cookie that's amazingly decadent.  It's a MUST try!
5	Ollie Vaughns is adorable! had the grilled cheese without mushrooms and added tomato. It was heavenly...crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth juicy on the inside. Yum!
5	Im out in Phoenix for the holidays and fell in love!  Hard to believe it was with a magnificent pie!  An icebox pumpkin pie to be exact!  I don't even eat pie so this was a unique love affair.  If I were to ever cheat on my usual desserts...I would be flying this mistress out to Austin, TX.
5	Word on the street is that Ollie Vaughn's is a keeper.Word on the street is RIGHT!I've never been to Lux myself, but have heard all the praise and was intrigued when I heard their former baker opened a lunch shop in the Coronado 'hood.  Always skeptical of salads and sandwich fare, I decided to give it try.The hubby decided to work from home on my birthday so that we could spend the day together, even if he spent his time on calls or the computer (which is just better because we share a car and I didn't have to drive him to and from work!).  So, I asked to go to Ollie Vaughn's for birthday lunch.  Away we went.Grilled cheese for him (on brioche), ham sandwich for me (marbled rye) and split a large spinach salad.  Lavender green teas for both.Ham sandwich was ridiculously good.  I think I still regret handing over my other half to my husband.  I got his grilled cheese in exchange.  It was very good and grilled to perfection (crunchy on the outside, oh yes), but I couldn't get past the mushrooms.  He loved it, but it wasn't quite the grilled cheese for me.  Which is fine, I loved the ham and want to try ALL the other sandwiches.Now I sit at home sipping tea and enjoying some of a chocolate chip cookie and pumpkin spice tea bread.  The tea bread is so yummy (moist, flavorful, out of this world good).  The cookie is ok, but I'm a choc chip cookie snob.  It's way better than your average choc chip cookie.I wanted to eat all the baked goods in the case.  The strawberry cheesecake, apple pie, raspberry chocolate scone, almond croissant, etc.  I will certainly be back.  AND the service is wonderful!  They have cookbooks out too to browse which I loved.  An avid cook and baker, those are my preferred reading material.
5	Awesome place! Just ate there and got the ham sandwich. The apple butter added to it is so delicious. The atmosphere is great - really cool and cute inside. If you're in Phoenix and in that area but don't want a sketchy taco place to eat at, then definitely come here!
5	So good so friendly   amazing attention to details  had chicken salad on toasted brioche
5	This place ROCKS!Lunch date with one of my closest friends last week - and I suggested we go here. So glad she was game!Between the two of us, there were three full meals (I also got a to-go order to have dinner at work.)My lunch was the turkey sandwich on focaccia with stuffing, cranberry and bib lettuce, and a small spinach salad with lemon vinaigrette. Delish! Super fresh, perfect proportions and too much food! (I added the salad to my dinner bag - the sandwich was more than enough!) I also ordered a Mexican tea cookie, not realizing they were going to add a wonderful little chocolate peanut butter no bake cookie. Both were fantastic - and I was happy to have a friend there to share with! Dinner was the flank steak sandwich on sourdough with the baby kale salad.Excellent quality, once again perfectly proportioned. I did eat both salads that night - and they were both absolutely fantastic. I also had the lemon bar on rosewater shortbread. Good thing I got a coworker to share that with me - I think I was already well over my calorie allotment for the day. And it was amazing!Cute place, great back patio, excellent food. Not the cheapest sandwich in town - but given the quality, the value is definitely there.The staff was all friendly, helpful and definitely made us feel welcome and valued.Look forward to my next visit!
5	This place deserves every bit of its 5-Star Reviews. The service is friendly and updated, the ambience is quaint and cozy, and the food is quite possibly some of the best lunch-time fare I've had in Phoenix, especially in the area. I got the chicken-salad sandwich on Brioche, and it was evenly proportioned and prepared perfectly. My favorite little touch was the powdered sugar-dusted no-bake cookie that they included.My only regret is that I didn't find it sooner...
5	Finally stopped in to this adorable new place. Central Phoenix has another great coffeehouse, yay! I particularly enjoyed the cinnamon roll, which was a buttery, flaky, croissant-like masterpiece. The interior is bright and comfortable. Lots of outlets if needed. There is a cute patio in back. Support these guys!
5	Ollie's has the best sandwiches and baked goods in town! Friendly service and a cozy, welcoming atmosphere! They use the freshest local ingredients and the result is creative and inspiring food that tastes amazing!
5	Picked up lunch here today and was really impressed. Not only great service and ambiance but most importantly great food! We had two sandwiches and a slice of the homemade cheesecake all of which was so fresh and tasty. We will be regulars for sure!
5	AH-MAZING! Ambience is great but the food is even better!! We got the breakfast sandwich and the grilled cheese and I'm officially in love. Another great addition to the Coronado Historic District. Check it out!
5	Am I in Paris!? Quiche was to die for. Charming ambience, friendly staff. Check this place out!!!!
5	What a sweet little place. I work during their Monday through Friday hours, so I was finally able to check it out this last Saturday...the atmosphere is so refreshing and cheery, fresh flowers at every table and a lovely patio with garden in back. I was in the mood for a light lunch: ordered the small quinoa salad and yogurt parfait. Fresh, tasty and simple, just what I was craving.Next time I would like to try their coffee while sitting down to some writing, as the place just makes you want to stay awhile.
5	I love this place.  Inside is modern, and really well-done, and the back patio is a great place to hang out on my computer with a pastry and a cup of coffee.  There's an herb garden back there and it's a great atmosphere.  The staff is always friendly, too.  I normally get the green tea (so good), and a sandwich - they're seasonal, and currently they have a veggie sandwich with asparagus, artichoke, and ricotta cheese on it.  I ask for it toasted, too, and it's awesome.  Their breakfast sandwiches are super-good, too.  I ask for mine to be covered in sausage gravy - because it's awesome, that's why.  Great place to check out - their pastries are super good.  Most times I'm in there and I can see them making it fresh.  The mixer is going and they're rolling out dough for stuff.  If I'm on my way home I sometimes grab one to go.
5	Drive by this place every day, and finally just happened to notice it.  Had iced coffee, breakfast sandwich, cinnamon roll, and almond croissant.  Croissant was a bit tough on the ends, but cinnamon roll was very good.  Buttery doll rolled in cinnamon sugar - reminded me of a mini donut you get from the fair. Breakfast sandwich was also lovely, with thick cut delicious bacon.  Lady that took our order was very nice. Will come back to try the pie!
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because I like the place, the owner, and I want to see this side of McDowell revitalized. The food is homemade and high-quality. Suggestion to owner: put down candles and be open for dinner. I would come here all the time (walking distance). Or least stay open later (7pm).
4	I was in for breakfast, and would have given 5 stars but menu was small. Come for lunch it has more options. Server was good, coffee was good. I will be coming back.
4	Decided to deviate from my usual lunch places after seeing all the reviews. The interior decor is very industrial with concrete floors and those giant tubular air vents. There's a big outside shaded patio that is the complete opposite with wooden furniture and a small garden. I really liked the outside, not so much the sterile-looking inside. I got the large chicken salad which was good, not amazing though. It also took a long time to come out considering there was no one else at the place. The staff I thought was pretty aloof, almost as if they were doing me a favor by letting me eat there. All in all: food, good, decor, good, staff, weird.
5	My partner and I had that certain hankering from breakfast fare and we found ourselves at Ollie Vaughn's. The location is central and a beautiful addition to an otherwise run down strip mall. The interior design is smart, a mix of industrial and farmhouse-chic. Overall the space is sunny and welcoming.As we waited in line to order we began to drool over the luscious pastries on display. They have a nice selection of fresh baked specialities including moon pies, lemon tarts, giant turtle brownies and almond croissants. To share we ordered a colossal slice of carrot cake, a mini oatmeal moon pie, earl grey tea and lemon poppyseed ricotta pancakes (on the special board). The gentlemen who assisted us was very polite and attentive. We were promptly served the tea and carrot cake. The tea was superbly spicy and paired well with the fluffy, creamy super sweet goodness of the carrot cake. Even though it was by no means busy there was quite a wait for the pancakes. When they were finally delivered it was well worth the wait! We got three giant pancakes covered with fresh fruit and butter. The flavor was out of this world! Very lemony and tangy. Definitely crave worthy! Also, we had to remind them about the the oatmeal moon pie we ordered as it appears it was forgotten. They made up for the delay/faux pas by offering up a delicious chocolate and peanut butter moon pie, a new recipe they were trying out, which was like a crunchy yet whipped peanut butter orgasm for the mouth.Overall everything was super delicious and our experience was memorable. However, it all was only one note in a symphony of flavor potential. The pancakes would have been elevated with a savory, meaty side dish. Perfectly crispy side of bacon, anyone? I hope they expand their menu to include more items. Also, what's with the hours? Please stay open later so we can enjoy you more!
4	Great location, close to work.  Love the friendliness of the staff and delicious food.  Highly recommend
1	The service is not very good.  You have to get your own utensils and napkin which are located at the back of the store.  When I asked for a napkin I was rudely told they were located at the back of the restaurant.  Like I was supposed to know this already.  Then I watched this rough looking guy come in and he was looking at the pastries.  I think they thought he was homeless and they waited 3-4 minutes to even acknowledging him.  Very rude.  We ordered 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks for $23!!  The meatloaf sandwich was ok.  It was smothered with this sweet glaze.  The other sandwich was tuna fish which was way too sweet for my liking.  I agree with another reviewer that the staff is a little rude and dismissive.  I am not sure why they changed the menu.  They used to serve this AWESOME grilled cheese sandwich and a great roast beef sandwich.  The first time I visited this place was great.  Now, it's not that great.  Won't be going back.
5	Bravo, Ollie!  I ate here for lunch twice this week, and will be coming back for more.  Tried the meatloaf and turkey sandwiches, paired nicely with a spring salad.  Sandwich proportions were perfect, and taste was superb.  I especially liked the dressing on the turkey sandwich.  This neighborhood is on the rise, and Ollie's seems to fit perfectly.  As to reviews by Winston R. and Meh M., typical Yelp passive aggressive haters.  Believe the hype, this place is for real.  Yummy!
4	After attempting to visit Ollie Vaughn's a couple times (but showing up when they were closed, boo!) the husband and I finally got to try this hidden gem out. The people who work here are lovely, friendly, and helpful people. We came at breakfast time during the week, so they weren't busy. Their egg sandwich is a 'build your own' egg sandwich, which I love! You can chose between a croissant or a biscuit (I got a biscuit), chose your cheese, how you want the egg, what meat you want, and veg. I had an over medium egg on biscuit with roasted tomatoes, gruyere cheese, and bacon.... it wasn't as good as my fave breakfast sandwich (when that one is good), but it was a close second. Very tasty and fresh. The husband had the biscuits and gravy... he loved it. The gravy was exceptional, they really let the quality of the ingredients shine... and it tasted good on the egg sandwich (new creation? I think so...). Their coffee was also good, they get it from a local roaster in Glendale. We also tried their cinnamon buns later that night, and they were soft and tasty... not overly sweet like some cinnamon buns can be. Needless to say, I will definitely be back!PS Their decor is SO cute and their patio looks amazing if it weren't a thousand degrees outsidePPS 950, woohoo!
5	Tucked away in an assuming location, Ollie Vaughn's is a delight.  Fresh flowers on the table make me smile.  A view into the clean and organized prep area keeps me intrigued and engaged.Everything is hand-crafted and flavorful. I recommend the quiche and cookies. I am excited about their upcoming cooking classes!
4	The breakfast sandwich is delicious and the price is so affordable. I'm in here weekly now bc of that sandwich.Plus, the cooks are very cool.
5	Fresh, housemade, talented, totally yummy. Comfortable, casual, eclectic environment. I know good restaurants, go here!!!
4	This is the kind of place that Phoenix needs more of.  Great local independent cafe with a simple menu full of very well designed and prepared food.  Nice, friendly environment.  Reasonable prices.  Unique flavors.  Its a winner in my book.
5	Fantastic sandwiches! We shared the meatloaf and the ham sandwich. The meatloaf was DIVINE. The sauce was perfect and there was a bit of cole slaw on it that had a super lovely thai flavor. It was delicious. The ham was great too - yummy cheese and I loved the arugala on it. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu. Super sweet girl behind the counter and overall a very inviting atmosphere that was lovely to hang out in.
5	Love it! Best little lunch spot. Not a huge selection, but it will be your favorite sandwich so you want to go back every week for another! The tuna and the meatloaf are my favorites.It has a lovely atmosphere with a fabulous owner.The only issue is that she makes too many delicious treats and you can't pick which one to get!
5	Love this place!  The decor is simple and so shabby chic.  The staff is amazingly friendly and welcoming.  And, the food was just incredible - quality, fresh ingredients mixed together to be so flavorful and tasty.  The sandwiches were so good - meatloaf and ham and next time I'll try one of the side salads too.  The bakery case looked incredible, but we showed some restraint this time, but maybe not next time!
5	Love that this place is in my neighborhood!  I just moved in the area a couple months ago and was surprised to find this gem.  Great patio, nice space inside, and really good food walking distance from my place.  GO HERE.  This neighborhood needs Ollie Vaughns to make it! I'm always surprised its not busier because it is so good. People of Coronado need to show more support!  Talked with the owner about coffee and sounds like espresso is on the way.  Looking forward to that too. Great job Ollie Vaughns! Keep it up.
5	Now, I'm not a violent person, but let's just say I would step on my beloved boyfriend's neck to get to their desserts. Lemon bars? Oh yeah...pie????? Oh heeeeeeells yeah!! Fresh, perfectly sweet and simply delightful.Besides the yummy tasty treats, we also enjoyed a couple of their breakfast items. Their French toast with a berry compote is two little slices of heaven. Do not get me started on their bacon...bacon dot YEAH!!!! I can't wait to go here again to sample many more of their dishes. We'll probably go so often it will be like Cheers up in that piece...NORM!!!
5	Great spot to find in my new neighborhood.  The croissant breakfast sandwich is so darn delish and cheap!  I almost wish she would have charged me more so that I can help ensure this spot doesn't go away!Support this place! Great food and awesome space and service!
3	Ordered the breakfast sandwich on a biscuit. Asked for cheddar, they gave me gruyere. Which I hate. Also no veggies like it said on the menu. The biscuit fell apart, but it was good and I'm sure they would have fixed the sandwich but we were in a hurry to go to work. Lemon bar a little too tart, quiche was good, good crust.
5	I have traveled the US and the world quite a bit. As the son of a Frenchman, I can safely say that the greatest croissants in the world are in France. After dining at Ollie Vaughn's I'm happy to report to the yelp world that I can tell you where the best croissants outside of France can be consumed. I really really like their French toast. It's excellent. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a homemade French toast. But, Holy crap that breakfast sandwich is amazing.  It is an elite piece of art that belongs in a museum of breakfast sandwiches (which I assume would be in France)This place is a small location that makes food from fresh ingredients, to order.  So understand when you come to eat here that this isn't Denny's where your food is almost ready to eat before you order it from their crappy corporate food-o-matic machine. I hesitate to post this review, as I don't want to have to wait in a line around the building to eat here....but they do such amazing work, that they deserve to be that busy.Eat here, your tummy and your heart will be happy and thank you for it.
4	Adorable ambiance & quality food. Lemonade is made from actual lemons, is really tart... and addictive!Their pastries are wonderful & the ingredients are legit. I'd love longer hours & espresso... but, I know that may change what they are going for. And what they are is great!
5	I've been here a few time for breakfast and once for lunch.  Excellent every time.  But my new thing is I discovered their Ham and Cheese Croissants.  So now I have their phone number on my speed dial.  Call it it every morning and I am in and out in a few mins. Love this place.
5	Love love love! The owner is so awesome! I'm a picky eater and always requesting a few changes on the menu and they never turn me down! Baked items are fantastic! All handmade soups and baked goods. They uses top notch ingredients and the actual inside is set up so cute and clean! Huge back patio with fresh herbs and citrus tress. So cozy! Only thing they need is a espresso machine, but the tea and coffee they do have is pretty good.
5	One of the best steak sandwiches on marble rye I have ever consumed. A delight to eat in or take out.
3	On the good side: super cute store, great prices and yummy food.  Nice staff and lots of regulars.  The lemon bars are really tasty, too.  I plan to replicate the ham sandwich at home.On the not-so-good side: I found a long hair in my sandwich after I took it home.  Few things gross me out more.I wish you well, Ollie Vaughn's and may come back but you might want to consider some head coverings to avoid this happening again.
5	Finally, a cool place for an up and coming neighborhood. I was lucky to stumble on OV's, and was pleasantly surprised since. The deserts are some of the best, although I never seem to be able to get in on the days they make cheesecake (I guess it disappears quickly). The sandwiches are pretty good, and it seems like they change them up regularly. They have nice outdoor seating in back, and a really cool open kitchen inside.An actual sense of community because of all the regulars - the day I was there a group of people were having a weekly book club meeting. I didn't know books still existed...
5	GO HERE! Biscuits and gravy are divine. The gravy was not thick and the biscuits were fluffy pillows of buttery goodness. Not tough at all! They make everything to order so it may take a few extra mins, but it is worth it. As all good things are.  Great back patio with misters, greenery, and plenty of seating. One of my new favorite spots!
5	Amazing place! Great food. Ricotta pancakes is amazing! Everyone should try this place.
5	I absolutely love this place when I'm in phoenix. I love supporting local business and the food is delightful! I had a veggie sandwich and an iced coffee. The iced coffee was honestly the best I've had in a very long time. My sandwich was made with fresh ingredients and incredibly scrumptious. Overall I love this place. I love the vibe when you walk in and how kind the women working there are. I know next time I'm in Phoenix I'll definitely go there again.
5	Don't even think of stopping at rainbow donuts, not when this place is a block away.   So glad I spotted in in a whim (ok, the sign said pie, i couldn't resist).  The croissant pudding is yum.  Loved the oatmeal pie, its two oatmeal coolies with buttercream in the middle.  But the current winner for me is the ricotta pancakes.  They have a hint of lemon and poppyseeds.  The interior is light and airy.  Minimalist but comfy.  The staf is friendly, and took the time to chat with me when I came in.  Oh and free WiFi!
5	This is my first Yelp review. Amazing food, great prices, a awesome atmosphere, cool patio, chill people and delicious pastries. It's my new favorite spot!!
4	What a cute little local place!  Everything I have tried has been wonderful,  but the corn salad is my very favorite followed by the peanut butter kiss cookies (to die for) . The service is a little slow sometimes due to only one or 2 people cooking, but if you are in a rush, call it in or order on line.
5	This is a true diamond in the rough. You wouldn't expect such a great spot from the outside, but it's all quality on the inside. Exceptional food and great atmosphere make this spot a clear win for the Coronado community.
5	Wow, loved everything about this cute little spot! The outside garden seating was wonderful! Butternut salad was to die for, I would highly recommend trying it while it's still in season. Service was ok. Would really love to see more options for a vegetarian sandwich. I know anything they would make would be awesome! I will definitely be back next time I'm in PHX!
4	What a neat little place. Sandwiches, salads, desserts, and breakfast items. I had the ham on marbled rye and my husband had ham on sourdough. My kids had bacon, eggs and sourdough toast. We would visit again if we were in the area and needing lunch.
5	Ollie Vaughn's is a great Coronado neighborhood spot that provides a salad when you want it, a pastry when you need it, a kick-butt toddy when you crave it, and a darling back patio.  Add to this Lindsey Magee's signature on the fresh and inventive kitchen, and you've got a hit.On Thanksgiving morning, Lindsey opened for two hours to make sure those of us who forgot to order pies could gobble up some of her extras. The apple cinnamon was delicious, but the chocolate/walnut/fernet pie was the winner that night.
3	Would give it a 5 for the awesome food, but giving the restaurant a 3 for customer service.   I live down the street and have tried their joint multiple times. Each time I strike up conversation with the owner on the visit, it's like pulling teeth.  You opened a cute restaurant. Be excited about it!! Your food is amazing and I want to come back, but I'll admit I probably will not due to the customer service.  You may not even notice you're not very friendly, but thought you should know.  I want to support local restaurants, but not ones that don't give customers the time of day.
5	I've been here handfuls of times since, and the place is not only consistent, but getting better and better. Breakfast sandwich and lemon ricotta pancakes are our favorites. Bourbon pecan pie is outstanding (not too crunchy, not too mushy).
5	I was so excited to see this cute place open up SO close to my house! It is definitely improving the neighborhood. Super cute inside, and a nice back patio, with vegetable gardens! The salads are super healthy and contain all a vegetable lovers favorite ingredients- kale, brussel sprouts, watermelon radishes, quinoa, etc. Sandwiches and soups are also healthy and really delicious, and every meal comes with a free little cookie or other sweet for dessert! Can't wait to try everything on the menu.  My only recommendation for the owners would be to get an espresso machine. Then I'll never have to go anywhere else.
5	Everytime I eat here, usually once a week or every other week, I am never disappointed. The crew here are super nice. The food is absolutely delicious! I usually go for the breakfast sandwich and switch back and forth from the croissant to biscuit. I am obsessed with their oatmeal cream pie. The prices for all the food is very reasonable too. Also, if you don't have time to wait for food, you can order ahead online. This place is just great! Support this business! You can't go wrong!
