5	We (unintentionally) came on the very first day! My family lives near. But it was great! When it comes down to the food, it was delicious. And service was nice. There was a little bit of a weird smell when we walked in, but I forgot about it later. Very European, sophisticated menu. So I would definitely recommend to give it a try. It's cool to see more privately-owned businesses in Vegas (haha, I think it's privately-owned, at least). I know it was only the first day, but if they had umbrellas or romantic lamps outside I would have really liked to enjoy the weather on the patio. But inside was nice, very European (sometimes there was background music, sometimes it was off... I like having music to talk, but that's just me).I had the classic burger, it was soo good mmm. I had bites of the other dishes and they were delicious, it's just up to your personal taste on what to try. But the burger. Yumm. Hopeful to see what happens w/this business. Ohh and this cool grandpa (the chef!... I assume) walked around in his chef wardrobe greeting people and being nice. Good feel.
5	What a great addition to Green Valley.   This place surpasses Sammy pizza (which moved recently).  But better food and service and nearly the same price point.    Roger (the GM) has delivered a great addition to our locals market and cares tremendously to his teams customer service.   And their attention to the  health conscience clientele is very appreciated.
3	Pretty good overall. Husbands meatloaf was very good, barbecue sauce was overpowering. The veggies and mashed potatoes were excellent. The chicken and mushroom crepe was ok, not great. The side salad was beautiful. The service was very attentive. Nice addition to the neighborhood.
5	My wife and I saw this open today so we decided to try it for dinner.  Let's start by saying... We LOVE food, specially European and she is such a picky eater it's annoying sometimes but this place made her eyes shine!! Service was fast and friendly. The dude filled up my water every time that it went bellow half way. I drink a lot of water so that made me happy. Our waitress checked on us every other second no joke! Even the manager came to ask how everything was. The offered more bread when we got the escargot and kept bringing it to our table ( we are bread people!) The staff is super friendly and helpful. The food as amazing as it looks, it was food art!! We had the escargot (to die for) tuna tartare (sauce came inside an egg!... Freaking awesome!!!) and the salmon with pesto mash potatoes! Amazing!!! Overall great effing restaurant!!! Definitely coming back!!!
4	We dropped by today for lunch. My first impression upon walking in was that it felt very homey. They've done a good job making the place feel friendly and comfortable.We ordered the Escargot, Scottish Salmon Flat Bread and the Argentinian Pan Roasted Organic Chicken Chimichuri. Chef Bernard's escargot comes with a super delicious creamy sauce. You'll want to make sure you have enough bread to sop up all of the sauce with. The salmon flat bread was really good, as was the chicken. Stop wondering if you should try this place out. If you like really good food, just go. You won't regret it.
4	I would really give this place 4 1/2 Star! Our dining experience was YUM, YUM, and YUM! The atmosphere of the place is nice and clean. Just a little over done with decor on the walls, but I guess something to look at. The service was very friendly from the time you walk in to the time you leave. We asked our server for suggestions  since there were so many menu choices. The food was delish! I tasted what everyone had and boy...Yummy! From soup (onion soup & gazpacho), appetizer (farmed beers and goat cheese), entree (lamb chops, Brazilian chicken, c? salad), and dessert (forest fruit tart). Even the cappuccino! You can't go wrong. Reason I took off a 1/2 star was my friend ask for a cocktail, but they only serve beer and wine. Also, when our entrees came out, only the hot entrees came out together and I had to wait another five to ten minutes for my salad entree to come out later. Which I guess they wanted to make sure it's fresh?Overall, the dining experience is definitely worth returning and trying everything else on the menu. Did I also mention, it's reasonably PRICED!  This location is known to be jinxed.  I hope it stays! We need a place like this in Henderson.
5	Finally!!!!! After many, many failed restaurants at this location over the past decade, I truly feel that Bernard's is the perfect place for this location  to be successful! Why do you ask, because the food was FANTASTIC! The attention to detail you get here,  from any appetizer, to entree, to desert is an experience you would expect from paying hundreds of dollars at a fine French restaurant on LV Strip. I swear, I was so happy with this quaint locals place that I know I will be back many, many times! FYI it's the same fabulous owner and restaurant as Bernard's at the beautiful Lake Las Vegas! Please go here.......they deserve to be open for a long time!
4	this place is everything it inspires to be. let's break it down. Atmosphere is clean, cozy and relaxing old school music. decor is a little too much. a lot of clutter but doesn't necessarily affect the experience. food was really good and priced well. tonight we ordered escargot, ribeye, lamb chops, tiramisu and tarte tatin. This was my first time trying escargot and it was phenomenal! I think that was my favorite dish. Ribeye was a touch over cooked but it was still tender and tasty. Lambchops were perfectly cooked and delish! Tiramisu was fluffy and not to sweet. Tarte tatin tasted a little sour. I would've not eaten it if it wasn't for the gelato that came with it but our server and manager said it's the best seller. Now let's talk service, everyone was friendly, smiling and it seem like everyone's enjoying themselves. Whole staff was attentive even the manager(Roger) stopped by every table more than once. My family really enjoyed this place and the hospitality is top notch. Only reason Im giving 4 stars is because the ribeye was too well when asked for medium rare and tarte tatin was sour. customer service A+++
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my meal here at Bernard's Bistro on Sunset! And yes this new place is the second location for Chef Bernard owner/chef of the Lake Las Vegas location. The cuisine is described as California European cuisine. The marquee in front of the restaurant bills it as "Inspired Fresh Diet" That's what piqued my interest. From what I get from reading the menu and getting to try some samples of some of the dishes, everything is prepared fresh and for those are calorie conscious, some dishes are prepared with lighter sauces and some Vegetarian dishes too. For this visit  it was soup, salad and quiche for me! The Classic Onion Soup was great! It was overflowing of baked Gruyere Cheese and caramelized onions, and cheese in every spoonful of the tasty beef broth. So good!Next up my Bufala Mozzarella Caprese! It's good, I really like that the balsamic vinaigrette wasn't acidic at all. Real smooth.Now the Quiche Florentine was something else! Texture wise, the most smooth, silky quiche I have had. A light but creamy cheese sauce topped it. The dish was savory, light, yet fulfilling. It also came with house salad and fresh fruit!! My server forewarned me that I did order plenty of food, she was right! Thing is I did managed to polish off the quiche dish in one sitting. Woot go me! ....and like if that wasn't enough food...I was asking about other dishes on the menu and asked if they offer them on their lunch menu. ..Yes they do!! A few minutes later my server came over with samples Caribbean Chicken Salad and the Chimichuri sauce for the Argentinean pan roasted chicken. Both now on my list to order in the near future.  Especially the Caribbean Salad. LOVE the Dill Mango Curry dressing.   The general manager came by and introduced himself. Roger said that salad is popular and a favorite at Lake Las Vegas location. and then dessert....I ordered the Creme Brulee which is made in house. Fresh and simple vanilla custard. Price wise...for me it was fair and in line with the surrounding restaurants in the area.  Put it this way I spent the same amount ($30) for a similar dinner the day before at Macaroni Grill.  I'd much rather come here. Fresh and quality ingredients. Dishes 100x tastier.  It's a no brainer. Atmosphere is casual but classy. The furnishings are a bit dated. But they did a good job of refreshing up the place with wall art and white linen covered tables and booths. In the evening your ambient lighting comes from the bright outdoor street lights. And you cant go wrong with Frank Sinatra tunes playing in the background.Service was impeccable. Everyone was on their A game. I found their staff to be warm and friendly. Chef Bernard popped out to say a quick hello to some regular patrons. What a welcome addition this place is to the neighborhood. I see many lunches and dinners here in the future!
5	My sister and I stumbled on Bernard's  as we were trying to find the Ethel M's chocolate tour.   What a find!  At the time of our visit (1/29/14) they had only been open a week or so.  It wasn't very busy at all.  The food was fabulous.  I had a grilled chicken salad that had an asian flair to it.  The flavors were blended perfectly and I ate every bit!  My sister had the quiche and simply raved about it.  A true french quiche, creamy and fluffy!   We enjoyed a nice french sauvignon blanc with our meal.  My sister, who is staying in Vegas longer than we were, was able to show off her fluent french w/ the chef and make a date for her and her husband the following week when there will be sweet breads!
4	Came with my boyfriend for lunch and we were both surprised. Fresh, sophisticated, yet casual.. We will definitely be coming back!
5	I gave Bernard's Bistro five stars because I live in the neighborhood and it is certainly excellent for Green Valley, however the real rating is closer to 4 1/2 stars.  We ordered the hamburger with caramelized onions and raisins, with their special sauce...very gourmet. We also ordered the spaghetti casserole and the spaghetti pepperonata, both with very unique and savory flavors ($11.95). Many other dishes on the menu seemed very interesting. This place will not disappoint.
5	Very impressed.  After a few failed restaurants at this location, I'd bet this one is here to stay.  Their other location is in Lake Las Vegas.
4	Another Henderson gem in my part of town! Without having the pleasure of experiencing the Lake Las Vegas location, this was a dining risk that paid off.Let's start with the casually elegant dining area accented by a baby grand piano and ultra friendly greeting by hosts and staff. Live music on Tuesday and other day. Linen tableclothed seating outside gave us a reminder of the al fresco dining that will be especially enticing in the warmer weather.Our server, Rose was quite attentive & friendly. She is a credit to the fine dining industry and the art of upselling..but she is so adorable, we don't mind at all! They recommended the sea bass (which is one of my favorites) but sadly, they were out the first time we came in so Rose recommended the Ahi with a side of shrimp scampi. Sold. The presentation of the ahi was beautiful and served with pesto mashed...it was a relief to me to not have the green mashed be wasabi. The ahi itself could have been more seasoned on the crust.The side of scampi was the best part and I came back and made a meal of just the scampi last night. The sauce was amazing and paired with their fresh, hot bread made for an orgasmic experience not to be missed by anyone! Bernard's scampi sauce has a body to it that is missing in a lot of other restaurants. It's more than just melted butter with garlic and lemon. They make it with love and attention.I think after coming back to earth, the rest of my family had a pasta dish and a flatbread. My wife on our first visit had the 3 cuts of filet mignon with 3 sauces. Good, but she would have preferred the whole filet with one sauce for $5 less. Last night, she ordered the arrabiata pasta that was bright and fresh. The sauce was perfect with roasted peppers and just the right amount of heat.The entertainment, though my wife and daughter (and the rest of the dining patrons from the cast of Cocoon) seemed to enjoy the Frank Sinatra impersonator,  was a bit too loud for my taste. I know now to avoid Bernard's on Tuesday if I want a quiet dinner.The service and graciousness of the staff along with the excellent food will make Bernard's our new regular spot.
4	Like many others, I drove by the 'Bernard's Opening Soon' sign for what seemed like months, and thought... Oh, another doomed restaurant, as so many before had come and gone.But it finally opened!  Yay, a new place in the 'hood.We have now had dinner there twice, and both times have enjoyed the food and service.  The staff is VERY welcoming and seem genuinely happy you are there.  Both times we have had excellent service, and they were more than helpful and accommodating with a food allergy request.We have tried:Ahi appetizer - excellent, and the presentation was great.  It was the first time I have seen the dipping sauce in an egg shell - cool. Bufala Mozzarella Caprese - unfortunately not made with buffalo mozzarella, but the group thought it was very good.Fish and Chips - very light and tasty batter on the fish, great skinny onion rings, typical fries, and to mix it up, battered veggies.  The fry cook had a good read on most everything.Chinois Chicken Salad -  Husband loved it.  Lots of different flavors, good dressing - not heavy, but enough of it.  Says he would order it again.NY Steak - just ok, decent but probably would not order it again.Chicken Milanese - again ok, but huge!  The side of spaghetti was excellent, made me wish I had just ordered a plate of pasta.Dessert - cake; a chocolate piece of chocolate and more chocolate - they said it was delicious.A frozen peach hollowed out and filled with sorbet, again going out of their way to cater to an allergy - it was awesome.  To top the night off, Chef Bernard came out and sang Happy Birthday to me!Usually, I would have crawled under the table at this point, but he sang with his French accent and who can resist him?! It was great!
3	So I read the reviews and checked out the amazing menu for this place  and I had to check it out, well my overall feelingIs that I might have gone at a bad time and in the wrong day.. We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon , the hostess was very nice and our server also , we ordered the Caprese appetizer which was very good,  the problem came with our entrees , the Roast beef Thai salad had roast beef that seemed old and had no taste , my girlfriend ordered the mushroom chicken Crepes which I thought were very tasty but she pointed out were over cooked and hard on the ends (I ate them anyway). All said it was just ok and we will give it another shot but maybe for dinner.. Also the music made me wanna curl up in my booth and go to sleep..
2	My boyfriend and I were anxious to try Bernard's Bistro for months, hoping that it could be a nice addition to our restaurant rotation once it opened. Unfortunately, even after giving it a second try, I can't imagine us coming back. I'll critique our most recent visit based on three areas: service, food, and atmosphere.Service: The service fluctuates between over the top and stilted to rude. The manager and a server held both doors open for us when we arrived, which was a bit unusual given the casual atmosphere I expect from a neighborhood bistro. But the manager was cordial and told us we could choose a booth by the window or the wall. Mistakenly, we chose the booth by the wall. Apparently we were sitting in the section of a waiter who had no interest in serving us. After walking by us repeatedly and ignoring us for 10 minutes, he pulled another employee aside and whispered in his ear, pointing (pointing!) at us as they both looked straight at me and my boyfriend. It was incredibly uncomfortable. After a wait of about 15 minutes, another server came to take our drink orders. She wasn't necessarily impolite, but I think she had bigger fish to fry. Perhaps she pulled the short straw and had to wait on us. We barely saw her throughout the meal. Although, I should mention that she did help me to modify my dish to my taste (wasabi mashed potatoes tend to be heavy on the wasabi most places), which I appreciated.The only genuinely friendly interaction we received was from the busser who would chat with us when dropping the bread, gathering plates, etc. The night was a mix of "Welcome to our finest guests!" and "Ugh, I have to go talk to these people again." Food: We had the escargot appetizer to start, as well as the soup of the day, carrot ginger. I had the seared ahi tuna entree and my boyfriend had the filet medallions. The escargot was good, but the mushrooms and tomatoes in the sauce were raw. We ordered the same dish the first time we visited Bernard's and it was better then. This is a small issue though; we sopped up the sauce with the bread long after the last snail had been devoured! The carrot ginger soup was also tasty. I was worried it would be a bit thin, but it had a very nice consistency. The entrees, however, were a mess. My seared ahi tuna was so chewy that I couldn't finish my meal. Honestly, I had to spit some out. It was not my finest hour. And my boyfriend's medallions were the consistency of a burger. The real problem were the sauces. The medallions come with a trio of sauces: peppercorn brandy, red wine, and citrus. They are all the same brown gravy sauce with additions. The citrus was the most offensive. Imagine gravy with orange drink mixed in. The plating and presentation seem outdated to me or like a plate you would be served from a catering service at a wedding reception. For example, the dollop of mashed potatoes is put on the plate with one of those cake nozzles. The sides are finickily arranged vegetables. It's like, "Here, have one steamed asparagus stalk perched upon a single zucchini coin, which is set next to a curly-cued lemon rind and surrounded by a fan of pea pods." Atmosphere: I think that this restaurant is suffering from a confused identity. We happened to eat on "Titanic Night," which means that there is a special menu option (that we didn't take), they play the movie Titanic on flat screens around the restaurant, and there is a pianist. It's a strange theme for a "California French" bistro. You can tell that Bernard likes Titanic from the wall decorations. Well, some of them. Others are "French-y" things, like fleur-de-lis, while others are photographs of the meals. It's like Shenanigans. But despite the wall decor, which is fine because it's a bistro and needs to be casual, everything else is over the top. For example, the servers and bussers are in fine-dining attire, like tux shirts. Some customers were in shorts and flip flops; others were business casual. It was hard to get a read on just where we were exactly. I'm okay with a confused identity or average service. If the food is good and a nice enough person delivers it, I don't care if you want to be a French Titanic bistro from California. But the rude server who refused to acknowledge us and the bad entrees push this restaurant in the 1.5 star range for me.
5	Have gone to Bernard's at Lake Las Vegas for several years now and have absolutely loved it!  When my family was told that Bernard's Bistro was opening right up the street from our home we were ecstatic.  The food is wonderful, the service is excellent and it's always fun to see Bernard.  The Bistro or restaurant at Lake Las Vegas are a must!!
2	The food was ok the most. I had to wait for everything, even my check. I am not coming back.
5	Spent a Saturday night dinner here and was pleasantly surprised.  Had the Caesar salad and the Ahi Tuna dinner and my wife had the Cannelloni and both were fantastic.   Nice wine selection, nothing super pricey but decent choices.  Finished with espresso and overall was a great experience.  Will definitely come back again!
5	Casual dining and excellent service.  Nice assorted menu.  A needed addition to the area.
2	We wanted a good meal in a quiet setting to have dinner with friends. The restaurant is fairly small, quiet with a pleasant ambiance. Our waiter came very shortly after we were seated to take our drink order. After a somewhat longer than expected he returned to take our meal order. If ahi tuna is on the menu in a nice restaurant, I try to order it. For ahi tuna, to be really good, you need "sushi quality" meat. When it is really good, it cuts with a fork and melts in your mouth. The ahi that I was served needed to be cut with a knife and definitely did not melt in my mouth. It came with a side of veggies. The veggies were cold. My wife ordered the rib eye steak. It was a very generous portion and cooked the way she ordered it. The steak was somewhat on the tough side but it had an excellent sauce. Her veggies also were cold. We had a creme brulee for the table. It came with a huge side of whipped cream. Overall, it was OK but not more than that. I ordered coffee at the end of the meal but ended up sending it back because it was served cold. And the service, while the waiter was quite pleasant, was so slow the meal took much longer than expected. I walked in really wanting to like this restaurant but couldn't. Sorry but I will not be going back to give it another chance.
5	I wish I could give more than 5 stars to this restaurant.  We went tonight, with my girlfriend and her husband, and my husband.  My girlfriend is vegetarian,so we have to pick a restaurant that serves those items plus a regular menu.  This was perfect My girlfriend ordered the beet salad, and a vegetarian wrap.   My husband, and her husband ordered the Chicken Milanese. Her husband, who loves onion soup, ordered it and said it could be a meal in itself.  I sincerely hope this restaurant is successful.Wonderful food, great ambiance, and lastly excellent service!!!  The hostess was just beautiful and most proficient at her job.  Rhonda, our server,was the best ever!  I will ask for her the next time we go.  What a wonderful dinner, so close to my house.  Kudos, to you all.
5	What a gem this neighborhood restaurant is. Definitely 5 star service from the moment you enter to the moment you leave. The menu is amazing! There is something for every palate. I have visited several times so I could give a true, multiple visit review. The appetizers, tuna tartar so fresh and the plating, exquisite .  Calamari, so tender and the sauces 2, both equally enticing. Generous portions , personable, I'm getting so hungry just writing. Entrees, generous, accommodating , delicious you will savor every bite. They also have theme nights, Sinatra which features live talent is such amazing ambience. I love Titanic night,  Chef Bernard prepares dishes from the original Titanic menu......so creative! I absolutely love it here and will continue my weekly visits!
5	My boyfriend and I went here for the first time tonight after driving by and seeing a write up about it.  We absolutely adore it!  The food was unique and amazing, the service spot on (not overwhelming but perfectly attentive) and the ambience perfectly sweet.  It is definitely our new date spot! We are picky customers and this one should not be missed.  Bernard also came out and said hello, that sweet touch made the experience even more genuine.
4	We have not celebrated two birthday lunches here, and both times we left satisfied.The service and food were both great.  The Onion Soup is to die for!We definitely will be back in the future. (And not just for birthday celebrations).Thanks again for making both lunches a hit!!PS  If you call in advance, you can have the owner sing happy birthday to you in French!!!  Nice touch!
4	Very accomodating for my teenage son with Autism.  They made him pasta the only way he will eat it.  My vegetarian husband was very satisfied with his crepes - the side salad was unexciting.  My artichoke soup was delish, as was the "Titanic" chicken and shrimp dish.  The garnish was a little skimpy but good.  Our server, Danny, served me my cappuccino like a bit of a show - very fun!  We will be back.
4	Great food and plating. Diners beware, they charge for grated cheese that you ask for to put over food. Was not informed of this, charged $1.50 for a teeny bit of cheese, used less than half, waitress spilled the rest. I will go back food was great
5	A delightful dining experience!  I had calamari and marguerite flatbread.  My wife had gazpacho and Caesar salad.  All were creatively presented.  The baguettes were a welcome accompaniment.  The decor is interesting.  The only thing that was missing was a full bar; only wine and beer are available.  All in all, a hearty recommendation.
5	This place is on the higher end of my usual price range, but since it was close to my house and new, I wanted to give it a shot. I'm glad I did. The dinner menu was surprisingly deep. They certainly have something for everyone. The portions and the presentation made the higher price point easily justified. Combine that with the friendly staff and live entertainment, it was a wonderful experience. This is one of those places where the waitstaff makes you feel like you're a part of the family. I honestly will go back as much for the staff as I will for the food. Definitely worth a visit. NOTE- If you don't like cilantro, the meatloaf will not be for you. It's an interesting recipe that is fairly heavy on cilantro both inside the loaf and as a garnish.
5	Service and food all excellent. We have eaten in many high end restaurants all over Las Vegas, and this place is right up there. Just happened upon it the other night, and what a treat. We had escargot (ordered a second one was so good), calamari, whitefish (best entree), filet medallions, spaghetti and meatballs, and a crepe. Everything was delicious, including the warm crusty bread. Highly recommend.
1	I just moved in to Henderson and love the atmosphere on lake Las Vegas. Tried to dine here and have the salmon, crepe and wine. Food was great but the service was suck by kept us waiting forever and unfriendly manner. Amazingly found out he was the manager named Hugo. I have been in  restaurant business for 30 years and never seen a manager took table and worst case the service was not as equal his position. What a shame.
4	What a quaint little bistro this is! We made reservations to dine with some friends for dinner.  There was a nice ambiance in the dining area with a guitarist and singer that played light music during our visit. The restaurant was very welcoming and cozy.We started off with the Dungeness Crab Cake.  They were good!  Not over the top but still good.   This was served with mixed greens,  At the same time a bread basket was brought out for the table.  It was just ok.  It was kind of mushed and dry.  For my entree I chose the Pan seared white fish in which the waiter was raving about.   I  can see why...  Delicious and tasty!  The garlic white wine sauce smothered the fish.  The pesto mashed potatoes that accompanied were ok.  I wish there was more of a pesto flavor.  The service here is impeccable.  Our waiter was very attentive.  The other staff which helped with refills were very polite and accommodating.   Our entire group enjoyed the food and service. I would recommend trying them out! Thanks Bernards!
5	My husband and I have dined at Bernard's in Lake Las Vegas.  Wanting to try a different locale, we chose to dine at Bernard's Sunset Location.  The evening proved to be delightful.   The ambiance, the live entertainment, the hostess, Lyn; our server Rose, were exceptional.   Needless to say we thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  This is a place we shall frequent often.
5	Our family went there on Friday.  I was concerned that it would not be kid friendly but they had a great kids menu.  The service was amazing.  The food was even BETTER.  This is our new favorite place.
5	Dinner with my OG calls for a new and exciting foodventure. Perusing my bookmarks, Bernard's Bistro beckoned us. We arrived around 7pm and we were greeted warmly. They had live music playing and it was lovely and soothing. We were seated quickly and our server arrived at our table promptly. Service was the best I've encountered in a while. He anticipated all our needs, refills on bread and drinks were perfectly timed and he made great entree suggestions. I really appreciated that he wasn't shy about letting us know his favorites on the menu when we asked.I ordered the seafood crepes and my friend ordered the chicken schnitzel. Both entrees were delicious. I couldn't get enough and the portions were incredibly generous for the price point.Based on the exceptional service, beautiful ambiance and delicious food, I look forward to coming back soon. It's a great little date night spot in Henderson.
5	One of the best hidden gems in Las Vegas.I'm a professional photographer and I shoot events all over Las Vegas from weddings to corporate events, birthday parties and anniversary celebrations, and everything in between. I've had the luxury of shooting events in restaurants all over the city and usually that means a "celebrity" restaurant in one of the major Strip hotel casinos. Once in a while though, I have the opportunity to discover some very unique, family owned restaurants that are off the beaten path that make those silly chic places to shame. Bernard's is just such a place.Last week I was shooting a private party for a couple's 50th wedding anniversary. They had about 20 guests in a section of the restaurant and so while I was taking pictures, I had a chance to observe how they were being treated. My first impression of Bernard's was from the wait staff where were just unbelievable. All the staff were providing everything from fast service of drink refills, food service, and checking-in with the customers but it was their extremely professional attitude that really made me take notice. You can tell the staff there...all of them, take great pride in what they do and where they work.Next was the food. WOW did those meals look unreal and the aroma from the kitchen was amazing. After I had started taking photos of the guests and they began to eat, the General Manager asked if I would like to dine on them if it would be alright with the client. After an OK by them, It was suggested to me to try the Grilled Three Petit Mignon in Three Different Sauce. it sounded wonderful so that's what I decided upon. The presentation of the dish was beautiful and as wonderful as it was to look at, it tasted ten times better. You can tell that a lot of love went into Chef Bernard's recipes and this meal was one of the best I've had in a long time. A+While I did not have the opportunity to sample other items from their great menu, I know I will again in the future as I can't wait to take my wife here for a special dinner sometime in the near future. Las Vegas is known for it's world famous restaurants but it is these small, high-class bistros that are the real diamonds in the rough of Las Vegas and it's nice to see that such places are doing well. As I left, the restaurant was packed with people, which was very refreshing to see. The next time you have a special occasion or just wish to have a wonderful meal that doesn't involve truffle infused hamburgers or sushi served on a flaming stone carved from Mount Fuji by a chef known not by his dishes but by his television show, Bernard's is where  you should dine.
3	It's a popular restaurant that just opened up next to E-strings. I ordered a crab cake appetizer and lamb chops. The service was very good and the venue is general is nice, open and clean. It's just unfortunate the food isn't up to par compared to everything else. The menu sounds great on paper, not on execution. The lamb chops were cooked well but the herb crust doesn't mesh well with the meat. It had the same taste consistency of a bland fried pork cutlet. The garlic mashed potatoes served with it fared even worse as a flavorless mush. It's just a run-of-the-mill restaurant. There's nothing bad about Bernard's Bistro but it isn't solid enough to worth recommending. The infrastructure and restaurant itself is ran well. The issue may just be the chef and the cooking. Would definitely hope their food improves. I would like to give them another chance maybe later.There's nothing special about Bernard's Bistro, which appeals to more conservative seniors in their late 40s and 50s. This would be more appropriate somewhere in Anthem for the retired.TLDR: Henderson's lackluster answer to Summerlin's swanky Echo & Rig (without the butcher shop and pizzaz).
2	the food is ok but I'm taking a star away because they don't have a croque madame for brunch.  unheard of for a "French bistro".  I had the bistro burger with frites.  cooked nicely with high quality meat.  the bun could have been a little fresher but overall a decent meal.  dessert sucked.  we shared a "key-lime cheesecake". between 3 of us, 75% of it was left on the plate.  it was a plain cheesecake (and not close to fresh).  the "key-lime" aspect was a neon green jelly like substance squirted on top and around the cheesecake. hidioso.
3	After reading reviews about Bernard's it seemed like it would be a great place for dinner. The night we went in there was plenty of available seating but we were seated at a very awkward table that was more in the way if anything. The wait staff was friendly. The atmosphere was pleasant. The food was good, not really memorable. I'd probably stop by again for lunch.
5	This place surpassed our expectations! Service was above and beyond thanks to our hostess who gave us the warmest welcome EVER, and our server (Rhonda)! She lit up the entire restaurant with her personality and attentiveness! The manager (Roger) was so personable we can't wait to go back. Las Vegas needs to fallow this place as an example if they want to be successful in the art of food and service.
3	The service was excellent and their food was average. The French onion soup--which is supposed to be light and cheesy ended up being a very heavy dish. The cheese was terribly chewy making for a challenging time with the soup. The fettuccini Alfredo was pretty good. Hard to mess that up. The spicy shrimp linguini could've been better--shrimp wasn't cooked all the way. I supposed it's a nice "date place" but for a quick lunch--it's more on the pricier side.
5	We absolutely love Bernard's. Food, staff and atmosphere are top notch. One of our favorite restaurants.
2	The service is excellent and the atmosphere is very cute. The food however is not that great. I ordered the chicken and mushroom crepes. It tasted like a can of cream of chicken/mushroom soup inside a crepe. It also came a salad with some type of dressing that was very bland and the salad seem wilted. The worst part was when you ordered a soda they bring you a bottle and pour it over ice and I ended up with flat soda. My husband ordered the island burger and it was good but not worth going back for.
5	This place is fantastic! We try something new on each visit and have always been wowed! The escargot are perfect. Last time we went, there was a teenager sitting at the table next to us and he knocked down two orders of them. Give the place a try
5	SHOP LOCAL!  That's been my mantra for years.  I always try to avoid the national chains and spend my money at locally owned joints.  Unfortunately, Southern Nevada is overrun by chains and lacks locally owned businesses.Bernard's is wonderful.  I haven't experienced anything like Bernard's in Green Valley/Henderson.  The food was perfect.  I had the Tuna Tartar and the cheese plate, wife had crab cakes, and my daughter had spaghetti and meatballs.  Everything was delicious.  The cheese was fresh and served with great complimentary items like fruit and nuts.  The crab cakes were really good, the past and meatballs were good too.  Then there was the Tuna Tartar... AMAZING!  Fresh Ahi served with a cucumber salad, sesame crackers, and wasabi.  Sooooo good.The staff was also great.  They were attentive, but not overbearing.  They all had great attitudes and were as friendly as could be.  I think the ownership has something special here.  I hope locals will avoid the chains and see how good this place is.We'll be back!
5	My new favorite restaurant in Henderson! Maybe even in all of the Valley. The food is great, the service is amazing and the clientele is perfect. Check out Titanic night on Wednesdays!
1	The food was alright.  Nothing special.  The service, however, was the worst I've ever had.  The hostess was nice, but the waiters and waitresses were the most unprofessional people ever.  We got fried calamari for appetizer and it literally got 5 pieces of calamari and the rest was fried onions.  The waiter used a lighter to check our ID's.  We ordered a bottle of wine and when we're done with the wine the waitress kept pushing us to get more alcohol and was rude when we said no.  The waitress dropped the silverware when she replaced it for us and yelled "shit".  Hey lady, we can hear you.  And she examined the receipts to see how much tip we gave her right in front of us while we're still at the table.  How rude can a person be.  Let's just say this is our first and will be last time here.  I have to give a star because I had to in order to write a review.
4	Excellent food, ample variety, great service and decor. What a nice local restaurant that isn't an assembly line franchise. The quality of service and food really surprised us. I drove by for months noticing that there were always a good crowd eating. Finally went with the wife and we were both very pleased. Will go back for sure. We used to love Panavino but now this place is our bees-knees.
2	First time to this quaint bistro--the atmosphere was great, had live music that was wonderful.  The white table clothes and napkins add to the wonderful ambiance.  The wine selection is okay--some selections.  Initially, started with the escargot--very nice presentation, the escargot were served with a tomato, mushroom and bacon infused creamy garlic and parsley butter--very good.  Moved on to the mozzarella caprese salad--presentation was good, on the large side with lettuce.  The mozzarella seemed rubbery and not fresh  and the tomatoes tasted on the under ripe side--hard and no flavor.  Moved on to the classic onion soup--this was presented very well with lots of onions and cheese--very good flavor.  Main course was herb crusted lamb chops.  The presentation looked very nice, but the lamb was tough, the herb crusted coating was more in line with a "shake n bake" coating and not very well prepared.  The garlic infused mashed potatoes were alright--nothing special.  Moved on to the cheese plate--was nicely presented and had four varieties of cheeses, served with some fruit and crackers.  The desert was an apple tarte tatin--this was not presented well, the puff pastry was flat and soggy, the apples were more in line with brown applesauce and the plate was overflowing with whipped cream--not tasty at all.  Not sure if this was an off night or if this was standard fare, based on the previous Yelp reviews.  I was not impressed with the service--seemed to have three waiters/waitresses and one back waitress and they appeared to be overwhelmed and not interested in serving.  Will try again another time to see if any improvements have been made.
4	Since the server will be your first impression of the restaurant, when you go there, ask for Rose. She is very knowledgeable of the menu, personable, gives good suggestions, and is a hell of a lot of fun. Really great personality, and an excellent waitress. On to the appetizers. We had the Caprese salad. The pesto on it was good, but the tomatoes could have used a pinch of salt. (I added the salt, and all was well again.) But the balsamic reduction they drizzle on it... unnnnnngh. I just want to drink a jar of it. Sweet and tangy, thick and gooey, that balsamic reduction was awe-inspiring. My friend had the NY Strip au poivre. (No, I can't spell French things. Sue me.) The meat was cooked perfectly. The red wine sauce, to me, was too sweet, and they could have used a different type of mushroom, but, overall, he was happy. I had the chicken and mushroom crepes. And, if I hadn't been very full and satisfied by the time I got to the end of the crepes, I would have had TWO orders of the chicken and mushroom crepes. I will probably sneak out to have an order of them tomorrow. They were really scrumptious. The only two "dings" I can give the place is that the pomme frites were bland and flavorless, and the mushroom thing from above, but those were very minor. (For example, I was in no position to eat the fries even if they WERE good, 'cuz I was very full of crepe. (See what I did there?) ) Yeah. Definitely give this place a shot.
5	LOVE this restaurant.  A few years ago we happened to "find" Bernard's Bistro at Lake Las Vegas.  I keep checking online to see if it was still in business and when I started planning this trip to Las Vegas, returning to Bernard's Bistro was high on my list. Thank goodness they have a restaurant closer to the strip.  The food is fabulous.  I feel like there is such passion in the way the food is created.  The broths, the sauces have such depth of flavor.  So amazing. We loved Rose.  So full of personality and warmth.  She definitely makes the experience special.  I highly recommend this restaurant and the following items we ordered:Spicy Shrimp Linguine...you really must try this dishSeafood Artichoke crepes with lobster sauce...great price, great taste.Classic Onion soup...the broth is amazing.The soup of the day, Beef Barley was hearty and full of flavorLove the breadI think my favorite dessert was the limoncello dessert.Wonderful dining experience - we loved it so much we went twice during our short trip to Vegas!!
5	I Love this restaurant and the owner(s) + management. My husband and I had our wedding reception here.  The GM, Hugo, met with us several times to ensure every detail of our special day would be taken care of.  Bernard and his wife are caring and extremely professional.  FOOD- five stars - we felt like our meals were great, well prepared, good protons.  Wine was well paired to our food.  Service- outstanding.  The staff was working non stop during the night to ensure that all of the guest were fed and felt comfortable.  As our night continued onto LaConessa for the after party, Bernard himself assured that our food was well prepared and came on boat to check up on it. I am a customer for life.  We LOVE this restaurant.  Best of Lake Las Vegas!!!!
5	I had the Casablanca burger which was great. My dad had a hard time deciding btw his usual cod chip which he loves or the seafood special. He decided on the seafood special, the sauce was great it had a complex citric taste. My sister had the tagine chicken and loved it.
3	Nice  cozy place,, the staff is very friendly.  Good live music.I have gone there a few times because I really wanted to have a good place on this side of town, but unfortunately most dishes were not that great. Tried the Tandoori chicken and it was not good at all. The chicken Schnitzel was pretty good but the salad dressing had no taste. All in all, the food is average the atmosphere above average, but  the lighting is horrible.
5	We got engaged last evening. Rhonda was our server and helped make the night even more special. The Ahi Tartar and the Beats and Goat Cheese got us started and they were excellent. We shared the Lamb Chops and finished with the Tiamisu. These are items that you've got to try!
3	I hate having to lessen my star rating for Bernard's, as I have a personal liking for the Chef. However, I cannot justify a 4 or 5 star review after my most recent experience. My bf, stepson and I came here on a Monday night around 7:00 PM for dinner. It was steady, I have seen it more packed, and have also been here at a slower time as well.We were sat in the back corner, which is totally fine with me. But it seemed that our waitress kept forgetting about us because we were out of view. We watched as people who were sat after us, receive their bread, drinks, and food first. Even though we ordered first. Now I never had seen this woman before, and I have been here at least 8 times since the opening. She may have been new. But we waited for everything. Not an average wait time either. Like we sat with our menus closed for 8-10 minutes before she took our order. The waitress who we always see there, actually had to go point out to the newbie, "hey your table is ready to order". Then when we got dessert, it took SO LONG for it be brought out. We ordered tiramisu and cheesecake. Other than slice it, what could have possibly took so long? Again the place was steady, but by NO MEANS slammed. I was so annoyed watching half the restaurant get great service by our normal girl, while we drooled over others food. Now the food was still up to par. Beautiful presentation, and worth giving Bernard's another go. But I hope they are not on a downhill spiral. What happen to Roger, the manager making his rounds? What happen to the hostess? They traded her in for the crappy waitress with a fake smile? Uh, step your game up guys!
5	INSPIRED CONTINENTAL FRENCH CUISINECaribbean Chicken Salad: Diced apple, mango, celery, walnuts and raisins, over tossed mix green and dill msngo curry dressing... refreshingly fulfilling and tasty.Pan Roasted White Fish with Scampi snd Lemon Confit, served with pesto truffle potatoes and petite legume in cardinsl sauce... fancy seafood treatGrilled Three Petit Filet Mignon with Three Shrimp Scampi added. Served wirh  peppercorn brandy, red wine and citrus sauces... delightful presentationTarte Tatin: Baked carmelized apples over cinnamon Puff pastry, served with vanilla bean gelato... flirting with sweetnessThis evening the Bistro was lightly patronized by regulars as they seem to be casually  familiar with the gregarious waitstaff.  Everyone seemed to have their favorite table in mind.  Music this evening was much vintage electric guitar tunes of Al Caiola which was so soothingly relaxing. Ambiance is underwhelming and not to compromise the splendid  table service. Definitely the cuisine is uniquely refined for this neighborhood.
4	Gorgeous location, great food, and some of the best service I've come across in the Henderson area! Restaurant has al fresco seating, a formal dining room with white linen table cloths, and a more casual deli area with a piano. Decor is eclectic, food is superb quality!Favorite salad is the grilled vegetable roulade, with an amazing ginger beet aioli and the perfect amount of feta cheese- it's a great lunch!The classic french onion soup and escargot belle epoque are also phenomenally well executed, a must-order for a date night or a group dinner.Chef Bernard is present at the restaurant and frequently comes out to chat with guests- he is one of the sweetest men around, and very genuine! Same goes for all other employees, high level of professionalism and service found here.
2	I was looking forward to dining at Bernard's. I passed this place several times in my neighborhood and have been hoping for a local French joint in the area. I found it! But..it was not all that great.The food was subpar, I had the escargot, which were good but anyone can make good escargot with butter and bacon. Next, the salad dressing was bland and salad overall was not satisfying. Measly vegetable side for the entree, could be much better. It looked like steamed vegetables out of a frozen bag. The steak itself could have used more seasoning. Also, I asked for just a crepe by itself and they could not do that. Why? There are three crepe entrees on the menu, why not just cook off one plain for a side?Language barrier with servers (no it's not French). Wine was great though, and good prices on wine as well. Perhaps I would have enjoyed it more for crepes for lunch or just had wine and cheese.Creme brulee was excellent.Overall, for the price and concept, it's just okay, I've experienced better.
5	Very classic french bistro with top presentation on delivery of menu items. The menu is very appetizing with reasonable prices. The service staff is exceptional.  The food was very fresh, healthy, and delicious. Definitely an older crowd, but appealing to the seasoned consumer!  Love this new place of my favorites in Las Vegas!
1	I was so excited when a family member wanted their birthday dinner to happen here. My guy and I had been wanting to try Bernard's since it opened.Walking in, is pretty interesting. The bistro had a man playing music, and the movie "Titanic" was playing on several TV's throughout the restaurant. It also had quite a few titanic themed things around.... Which I was confused by. My cousin and I googled the Titanic, and it's an English ship. English ship.... French restaurant. Interesting. The table is brought bread, which is delicious..Flat out, possibly the best bread I have ever eaten.. My cousins and I agreed on this.For appetizers, the table ordered a margarita flat bread, escargot, and calamari. I didn't dare try the snails. My uncle who did though, said that they were fabulous. The calamari was a tad chewy and tasteless. The flat bread had decent flavor... but no texture. No crunch. I ordered the special, Which was lamb and duck breast. I ordered the lamb rare, and the duck medium rare. It was my first time having duck, so, I was a little nervous, and a little excited. I ordered a side of french fries for my 2 year old.When my meal came. I was confused.It had about 5 pieces of sliced duck, 2 PETITE lamb chops, some garlic mashed potatoes, 2 different sauces, and one slice of RAW red bell pepperone round slice of carrotone stem of asparagusone piece of broccoli. I guess this is artistic? The lamb was okay. Didn't have a crust on it, the lamb had fat on it, that made it very chewy. The duck was also very chewy. The most tender thing on my plate was mashed potatoes. When I'm paying $60 for a plate, that's sad. My daughter's french fries didn't have a "crunch" or texture to them either. But, she's two and devoured them. Speaking of children, this really isn't the place for them.... because if they play the titanic every night, the last thing you want your kid to possibly see is the car scene, or the drawing scene. Kate winslet is beautiful, I just don't want to see her breasts while I'm trying to eat.Total bill was about $400, for the food that they're serving, eh, I just don't see coming back.
