2	Stopped by to check out the new place opening at Tempe Marketplace since all the ads made it sound legit. Decor: tacky. Like it wants to be Old Town, but comforting at the same time. Guess what, Tempe Marketplace is not the place for that.It appears that they have decent specials. We asked the waitress if there were any specials right now (as in, like now, while we are here). She said yes but not right now, and then told us all the specials that are listed in the menu. Yes, I can read, I just read them. Menu: there are no drink prices. Except wine. No prices on beer or the fancy cocktails it boasts.Being adventurous, I ordered a honeydew martini blindly. Knowing it would be steep but not knowing how much of a dent this tasty treat would make. I figured if there are no specials and no prices, everything will be highway robbery, so I'll just get something yummy.Boyfriend orders Budweiser. She asks what size, 14 or 20 oz. He asks which is better for the money. Most bar staff will tell you what is a better deal (as in a 20 oz is $1 more, making it a better deal). She explains that a 14 is smaller than a 20. Yes, we know how to do math as well.$10 for the martini. $4 for the 14 oz Bud Light. What kind if bar doesn't even give you a whole pint of beer? I would be willing to come back and try the $5 burger night. But for first impressions, this joint sucks. Sorry I'm not made of money, Bar Louie, I do live a mile from the university after all. I would rather head to Four Peaks where I can get a pitcher of beer for what we paid for 2 drinks.The extra star is because the drink is good, but strong enough,
5	Love at first glance...This place has potential, lots of potential.Made a plan to stop in on a preview night. $1 martinis, & free appitizer, good call on my part. The place was lively, but still room to get in and get somewhat promptly served. A profesionals observation was that all the bartenders were hot servers. management made bartenders, I thought this cause, they are all hot, they took the menus away each and everytime, even when you asked to keep it or have another, with each order... yep gone... snatched from my martini soaked fingers. Leave the menus with all that great food and an amazing list of specialty cocktails.... for the Love Of God dont take my menu!!!! The other tell was none of the "Hot bartenters" couldnt remember an order and they constantly asked twice or even 3 times to everyone in my area. Lorin was the exception, and she was super sweet, friendly, and wanted to make sure I got EXCELLENT Service. I did, thanks Lorin!The Food, well my Free appitizer arrived withen a few (2) minutes of ordering it. I know it wasnt at its best but it was still great, Tempura Shrimp with 3 sauces on the side, and free. My first martini arrived about the same time. Juicy wet and ICE COLD just the way I like em. Second Martini was a bit more dry and effen great!!! cucumber, mint, lime and more, another hit. Still hungry I orderd the Blue Louie Burger. This burger with bacon, blue cheese, spinach and wing sauce was FRIKKEN AMAZING a solid 10 and I cant wait to have another please.I really like what they did with the place and good riddence to that ol' Darcy place. Open with a great patio and center bar, they place has a nice vibe, super good looks, and its easy to dance to. er... I digress.I cant wait to return and that alone gets 5 stars, but a solid menu, great service, nice atmosphere, and great specials... you had me at specials, make this place a solid must try.GOOD LUCK and may the third time be the charm, Welcome to the Hood Louie!!!!
2	It's basically Yard House without the extensive tap selection. If you're checking out this review on-the-go, this sums it up and you can stop reading here. /reviewBut if you have the time for some context, then much obliged! I remember the old Bar Louie well. It's where Calico Jack's in Westgate currently resides. At the time, I'd just turned 21 and thought martinis were the key to adulthood. I have to keep reminding myself that these, and not beers, are Bar Louie's specialty. Which would work if there were more than a handful of them. And a few selections are eclectic and high quality, it's just that if you ever get the chance to see a real cocktail bar like Hanny's, you know having a few doesn't cut it.  It might be above-average for a chain, but the target audience still thinks slamming Absolut from fancy glasses makes them cool.Anyways, I really want to rip on this place about beer. It's late Tuesday night, and no happy hour? That alone I could forgive, but $7 for LOCAL crafts...in 14 oz. glasses? Pints or GTFO. So now that you're losing to surrounding bars on selection AND value, let's talk about the atmosphere. Pick better live music. The description on Yelp says the music is "background", but these horrific covers of songs of alternative we're supposed to love were near rock-concert loud in a mostly empty lobby. No one likes having to yell when it's not even poppin'. If I go again, I'll try some grub and see if there's something from the spacious ambiance I've overlooked. But in value, selection, and atmosphere Bar Louie left me wanting a little bit more than it should.
1	This place sucked. The waitress hit on my husband, took 20 minutes to get us water, then passed us off to another waiter who claimed she had to leave (she didn't - she was there well after we left). The food was mediocre at best and over-priced. The beer we ordered even came with ice floating on top of it instead of head. We definitely won't be returning here.
3	First time venturing into this new spot after a movie. It was about 10pm and were lookin for a snack and some drinks. Was not packed as a normal spot is for a Saturday. Which was good. We walked in and there was not sign or anyone to tell you to go to hell or to sit where ya want. We just sat at the bar, no worries. Mrs wanted to try a something from their drink list and the bartender was nice to point out some good choices. She had a tasty Le Fresca Margarita. I had my hopes up for a Blue Moon, but no dice. For some reason, half the taps were down. The 4peaks Heffe was good. We ordered the nachos and the pot stickers. Was OK food. Nothing special. Good presentation and was tasty. The interior was Cheescake Factory meets Yard House meets a chain bar. It was ok. Low lights, made it comfortable. But you could tell that they were running on limited staff. There were unbussed tables around the place. The music was alternative and was t a good level at the bar. We were able to have a conversation with out yelling, but the as you walk the space, there are more loud spots throughout. The bar in the middle of the space makes it a great people watching place. Good mix of people, Not alot of ASU students, but not alot of families. The service was good because we were at the bar, but there was a few times that people from tables came to the bar to get someone to come over to their table. Bartenders had a certain bitchiness about them that is good for a night club, but will probably hurt them if a more professional crowd shows up. Will be back. Just hope it will still be there! Reading the history of this place, it has tried 3 times to exist in the valley, but never makes it.
2	Good food and beer but horribly slow.  I couldn't believe how long my first drink order took so I timed the 2nd order.  It took 19 minutes and 49 seconds to get my beer after it was ordered.  From what I could see, it wasn't the waitresses fault but she said the "bar was really backed up."  The place wasn't even that busy.   Their happy hour menu only has 4 or 5 things on it.  I ordered the bruschetta and was told they were out of it.  Haaa...I guess this was a bad night to visit Bar Louie.
3	Somedays a diva needs a drink, and hence I tried their diva margarita. It was to the point, sweet and yummy, with alot of attitude. This diva margi meant business, it was like, I know I'm hot, so drink me up bi#$h! And, yea I'm a no business diva, so, I drank it all up coz as a gay black woman (my alternate persona aka as NeNe), no one challenges this queen. Oh, and tip, the calamari app needs help, it's salty and it tricks you with how much is served, that my loves is not a diva but a tranny tease.
4	This place has some of the best happy hour offers Ive seen in a while. $5 burgers/ specialty martinis, and half off apps on Tues? Yes please.About half their taps had been pulled when we went, but they did have a good selection left. I went for the Tickled Pink martini though, which was delicious.As a table, we started w/ the popcorn w/ truffle butter. SOOOOO delicious. I may be tempted to get some of it to go the next time I go to the TMP Harkins to see a flick. My friends throughly enjoyed their meals: the Chicago Stockyard burger, Mac & cheese w/ bacon, Shrimp po'boy, and regular burger. My husband was very happy that he could get a side of (or sub his fries for) the mac and cheese.I however wasnt too impressed w/ my meal. I had the Turkey, ham, and brie w/ tots. It was supposed to come w/ dijon mustard and blackberry jam on it...90% mustard. I couldnt even taste the jam. Part of the reason I ordered it was that it sounded like an interesting combo. It was also kind of an awkward sandwich to eat being that the parmesan bread it was on was just a french roll turned upside down w/ parmesan cheese melted on whats usually the inside. My tots tasted like they werent fully cooked too.Lastly, our bartender was kind of dense (we sat at the bar while waiting for the rest of our group to get a table), but our server was awesome. I also really like what they did w/ the space formerly known as Darcy Magees. It seemed way more inviting and much bigger than DM.Ill go back, but Ill be ordering a different meal.
1	I'll start by saying that I can enjoy some chain bars. I actually really like Dave and Busters, as their prices are decent and they have a reverse happy hour. Bar Louie is no Dave and Busters though. One star and there's a lot of reasons why. To begin with, there was a wait to get our menus from our server. This is a minor hassle and I can understand how this can happen when everyone is new, but I feel like an experienced manager with a staff of experienced servers can tackle this issue right from the opening date.Bar Louie does not list their drink prices except for wine. This is a huge pain. If it was just a bar it would be a little more acceptable, but for a restaurant menu to not have drink prices is inconsiderate. I settled on a Manhattan, which was on the specialty drink menu. It was good but forgettable; I actually had a way better Manhattan at Hanny's that was made with rye and was a lot less. Like most corporate bars, I have my doubts as to how knowledgeable the bartenders really are. The food was very, very sub-par and forgettable. The one thing they have going is good happy hour prices, and on Tuesdays they have $5 burgers. I ordered the Backyard BBQ burger, which comes with BBQ sauce and onion rings. It was just ok, nothing memorable, and I actually like the ones at Red Robin better (those come with unlimited fries!). The boo and I got the pretzel appetizer, and this was really lousy. Eight bucks for four pretzel sticks, fresh out of the microwave, served with crappy honey mustard, average queso and tasty cinnamon sugar spread. You should get more than four sticks when you're paying that much. The boo got the Mac and Cheese with chicken. AVOID THIS. It was basically Velveeta shells and cheese with a couple of pieces of grilled chicken hidden away. Flavorless and dull; if you're going to do Mac and Cheese, at least bake it and make it memorable. The real killer was my last drink. I thought my Manhattan was a little weak so I ordered an Old Fashioned with Jim Beam. Big mistake. I received the weakest drink I've ever been served. It was literally clear, with barely any bourbon! The server asked how it was, and being the nice guy I am I just nodded and said it was good. I should've found the manager and requested another drink. This mishap has ruined Bar Louie for me; I will go anywhere else for drinks at Tempe Marketplace.The bill came and I saw that all the martini drinks were $10 a pop. Hanny's charges five bucks for an excellent martini, made with gin and filled to the brim. That price is absurd for what you're getting, and to top it off it was seven bucks for a Jim Beam old-fashioned. Skip this corporate cookie cutter bar, you will not enjoy it! If you can check out Four Peaks (excellent prices, food, and drinks) or Casey Moore's (same as Four Peaks). Hell, go to Dave and Busters before you come here, they at least have reverse happy hour. I really, really wanted to like Bar Louie. I love the idea of having drinks before a flick, but this place clearly doesn't have their act together.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my lunch here the other day.  I had the turkey, ham and brie sandwich and it was delicious.  The service was friendly and I'll be back the next time I'm in the area.
1	This was not a great expedience. The happy hour specials are a little confusing be careful as there's not a lot of items on the happy hour list. I had the sliders and I was very disappointed it was all bread and little meat. It was also very plain with no flavor. Our service was terrible, our water was never filled the whole time we were there and it took forever to get our check. I will never spend another scent here as there are way to many choices at Tempe market Place.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the FOOD! Service NO SO MUCH. . I went with a small group of lady friends during lunch hour, food was great menu was stellar with lots of options that were unique twists on old time classics. . However the services was lacking more than personality, i would say brains and a heart. We sat on empty for countless rounds of tea and beverages prior to our order arriving, so despite the length of time between ordering and parchment at our table the food, location and atmosphere was worth 5 stars.. however if i go back and have a similar experience with staff i may have a decline in opinion. .
4	I was, prior to visiting, a little disappointed that I never got a chance to visit D'Arcy McGee's before it was replaced by Bar Louie. After hearing from my employer and his brother-in-law that it was not such a great place, that disappointment faded.I decided to visit Bar Louie in early November while I was at Tempe Marketplace to watch a movie. I walked through the front door and was not greeted by either a hostess or any other employee. I traipsed toward the bar and was also not greeted by either of the two bartenders behind the bar. I continued forward and finally found a nice young lady whom I asked about seating. She retrieved a server and I requested to be sat on the patio. The patio was empty and I chose a corner table. My waiter informed me that he would be right back and would bring me a menu.After bringing a menu back, I inquired as to whether or not there were any beer specials ongoing. I was dismayed to find out that their refrigeration system was on the fritz and they only had three beers available: New Castle Brown Ale and two run-of-the-mill, piss-poor domestics. I chose the New Castle.After receiving my drink, I ordered from their very straightforward menu after asking the server what his personal favorite menu item was. The "Four Tacos Plato" with blackened fish was selected, and off went the server.I received my food in a very timely manner and it was piping hot. Everything tasted fresh and it looked well-constructed.My only complaint was the portion size. The tacos were listed under the "Large Plate" section of the menu, but the tacos themselves were quite small. They were more reminiscent of street tacos as opposed to restaurant fare. Regardless, the service was prompt, friendly and knowledgeable, the food was quite good and the atmosphere (at least from where I was sitting; on the outside looking in) seemed warm.All-in-all, I can recommend it to others, but I can't say that it is a five-star establishment.
5	Love this place !!! Best specials all week long!!! Great food and a fun place to hangout !!!
4	Bar Louie is awesome they have friendly servers and great food. Wednesday night $1 beers is the best deal in town!
2	Very nice atmosphere.  Happy hour prices are reasonable.  The drinks are VERY good!  The place can get pretty busy and they could use a few more servers.  I would go back again.12/13: service is very, very slow tonight
1	Horrible service never going back. The hostess seated people before us and did not even apologize. Her response sorry you feel that way have a nice night. Than when we spoke with the manager chad her reseated us and said he would bring us out some food and than proceeded to put the food which we never ordered but he brought out on our tab. Never never going back.
4	Good food and a great restaurant/bar to replace Darcy McGees. Their food is very good and they have great drink specials. They also did a very nice job remodeling the inside it's very warm and inviting
3	Food is not the best, but service is good.The ambience is OK... I can't stand the live music --- it's unbelievably obnoxious and loud.I probably wouldn't return because the food is really nothing to rave about.
1	Did not enjoy any aspect of this restaurant. Had the shrimp po boy. Bland and boring. My husband had another sandwich, the Vesuvius. Also not good. Service was slow although the server was nice. Oh, and no one greeted or seated us. Not a big deal, but when we decided to seat ourselves, no one showed up for at least 5 minutes.  Okay drink specials was the only real up side. Zero value in the food though.
3	While I miss Darcy McGee's, this standard, unoffensive bar is a decent, low-key, if a little shinier option at Tempe Marketplace. The crowd leans a little older than Cadillac, San Felipe's or D&B. I just went to catch up with some friends over a beer or two. The staff was friendly and attentive and I like that they still had specials going on a Friday night. They had live music going, but I actually didn't realize it was live until we got up to leave and I saw the band. The patio looked nice, but it was a rainy night, so we just stayed in. It overlooks the parking lot which isn't too pretty, but it's good for people watching everyone coming and leaving the Marketplace!
2	Recently a few friends and I decided to try Bar Louie out for dinner.  They had live music which was pretty cool, however the food was disappointing. I ordered the fish and chips that arrived at the table on a huge plate.  Sitting on top of a mountain of french fries, big enough for a table of five to share, was three tiny fish sticks.  I was so let down looking at the plate.  The fish was mostly breading and contained little meat.  When you see "Large Plates" on Bar Louie's menu and you order the fish and chips be prepared for a large plate of french fries.
2	Totally not worth it. Gave it a second try & some, but not all of the food is good. My blue louie burger was pretty good, except the actual burger itself had no flavor. My boyfriends Po Boy fish sandwich was inedible-they really need to get better fish! The service is subpar, slow & noone looks like they know what's going on. The table behind us had a bloody mary swelling in the sun for about an hour (or more) before it got bused. Not worth thr price or the risk of crap service or food. Never again.
1	Today my wife and I were completely ignored. Awesome business model.
1	Recently called in a to-go order at Bar Louie for a chicken Caesar salad which rang up for $13.xx. I was surprised by the high price but thought I may be in for the best Caesar salad ever. I retrieved my order from the bar which was easy as pie because the restaurant and bar were not busy at all. The server at the bar was kind. Upon opening the salad there was NO chicken. Called and spoke to the rudest General manager ever named chad. Chad claimed there was "chicken all up in it" as he had packed it up himself and that possibly " it fell out on my trip back to work". At this point I realized the I unprofessionalism associated with this manager and saw no point in continuing a call with such a immature rude individual.  A customer should generally always be right in this industry and I was made out to feel as though I was wrong. Will never recommend or return to Bar Louie.
1	As I'm sitting here currently with my friends. I called to make a reservation and they said only for parties of 10 or more. So, since we don't have 10 that didn't work. We got here and my friends were seated. JEN approached us and said "you can't sit here I just got a phone call for a party of 6". So we had to up and move. As we sat down, she said they accept parties of 8 or more, and not same day reservations. Wait a minute... Didn't you just say 8 and that you just got a call for the reservation??? I said the table you moved us to is the same size as the one we are sitting at, she said "they requested that specific table". Are you kidding me? Unreal! She told us she was the "reservations specialist". Our server came up, we asked for the manager and he said JEN is the manager. What is this place?!!? A freaking JOKE! I am sitting here wasting my time writing this review over a lady named "Jen" who shouldn't be in the service industry. Jen - next time do us all a favor, don't lie to your patrons!
2	Visited here for lunch today. I had been to the Bar Louie's in Kansas City previously so I felt comfortable enough to know what to expect and didn't felt compelled to check Yelp reviews before arriving. Had I done so, I wouldn't have looked completely confused upon entering since there was no hostess stand or the typical 'Seat Yourself' sign. I found a bartender finally who confirmed you could sit anywhere and picked a seat inside but along the windows to still see outside. The patio seemed nice but not enough umbrella's to shade the tables at the 1pm sun and the atmosphere inside seemed more like a sports bar with the TV's around the bar than the one I visited before. No big deal, just different.My waitress arrived several minutes later and provided menus while I was waiting for the other person in my party to join. I was in the mood for salad and was excited to see all the varieties of salad options. I ordered an ice tea and eventually the orange brie salad with the $4 upcharge for chicken at the recommendation of the waitress. When my salad arrived, I was a little stunned. For $12, you usually get twice as much chicken and at least 30% more of a salad and other ingredients. As one of the other reviews stated, even my blackberries were cut in half and I got a total of TWO blackberries. Really?!?! In addition, I'd say there was about half an orange and maybe 5 small to medium chunks of brie. Not what I was expecting for a full salad that was expected to be my meal. This was just slightly larger than a dinner salad.  I will say that it did take me longer to eat than expected and I felt full when I left. Unfortunately though, 2 hours later I was hungry again. What a waste of $12. The ice tea was descent though but $19 for a small salad and ice tea is WAY overpriced. I could do better at McDonalds for a same sized salad and drink for $5.Don't plan on returning.
4	We went at around 2:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday. So there was I think only one server but she was really nice and we loved the food! Tots were so good looks like a fun place for happy hour.
2	Bar Louie, I wanted to love you. You got a great makeover in bright colors and fun design, the bar is well designed with nice TVs, the patio is large, and you appear to have a great happy hour.But you sucked. We ate dinner early on a Sunday night. We sat at the bar. There were about 8 other tables occupied. We had surly bar service. I got a filthy wine glass (and the waitress forgot my order--look, if you want to look cool and not write it down, that's fine, but you can't FORGET it). It took 35 minutes for a burger and a sandwich. The surly waitress half-apologized, if "it's the cook's first day back" is an apology. We thought the quality of food was atrocious for the price. The highlight was my burger--it was small, overcooked and under-seasoned, but the buffalo sauce with bleu cheese was delicious together. I subbed steamed broc for fries. They were hard and not seasoned. Hubby's steak sandwich was a sad little thing, mostly bread.Having said all that, if you just want to get in and out for some fun drinks, this place might be great. It has a lively atmosphere at prime drinking hours. It's great for a drink before or after the movies, but even Cadillac Ranch has better food. Sad.
4	I definitely enjoy the atmosphere compared to the last restaurant in this space. It's more of a hang out bar but the food is pretty good!  The live band sets it apart! I would go back.
5	I needed that!  "That" being the Luigi steak sandwich with cheddar,  lettuce tomato, onion... seasoned to perfection! And $5 martinis during happy hour?  Yep, that was certainly a "happy" hour!  I had not enjoyed that sandwich in about two years (since I moved here from Chicago)... so I am more than ecstatic that Bar Louie is now located here in AZ.  An easy 5 stars... yay!!!
1	Ordered a beer, got carded, I asked the Manager why since I'm clearly older than 21.  Manager told me it's the law that they see my id.  When I suggested that it's not what the law says he kicked me out.  Great customer service.  Fortunately it's TMP and there's more than one cantina.
4	I came here with my boss to get a drink and talk about work stuff. The bar wasn't very busy so we sat there and had a few drinks- we really liked our bartender. I think her name was Uylia (sorry if it's misspelled).. Anyways I had a good time, there was a nice atmosphere. More people showed up because it was happy hour and we still were able to get new drinks and pay our bill within a good time frame.
3	I'm always excited when new bars open up at Tempe Marketplace, and I headed to Bar Louie this past Wednesday. Lucky us -- Wednesday's at Bar Louie means $1 domestic drafts, which is quite the great deal.We sat on the patio, which had some skewed views of the televisions at the indoor bar. What was probably supposed to be the "hip" and college-friendly inside of Bar Louie seemed like a more brightly colored Cheesecake Factory. There was nothing striking about it that made it seem like a dining destination based on ambiance alone.The food wasn't much better. My companion's fish po' boy ($10) seemed to be served on the same "burger basket" you would find at Chili's, and I was really disappointed with my own meal, which was nothing above the average sports bar in taste. We started with chips and salsa, nacho cheese and guacamole ($7), but there was nothing exciting about it. The chips didn't taste homemade, and the salsa was bland. It was a disappointing start.Next, I had a cheese quesadilla ($7), which was just as meh. The tortilla wasn't evenly distributed with the cheese, and it was too crispy.Besides the mediocre food, the service at Bar Louie was pretty bad. It was awhile before our own table was bussed, and the one right by us (where we actually wanted to sit to get a better view of the game inside) was left unbussed for probably 20 minutes after we sat down at ours. Bar Louie might be seeming like it's trying to class it up at Tempe Marketplace, but I wouldn't want to go back unless it was for one of those $1 beers.
2	While the food was good, the service was AWFUL.  The restaurant was well-staffed and not overly busy, so we could not figure out why our waitress was so slow.  We politely voiced our disappointment with the manager, and she was very apologetic, going to far as to buy us a round of drinks, although we told her that was not necessary.  One would think that after lodging a complaint that the service would have improved, but no such luck.  Based on our experience, it would seem that the owners went well out of their way to hire the most inefficient, apathetic, unpleasant people they could find.  While this place has potential, without a major personnel change, I predict that they will be hurting for business before long.  We will not be returning.
4	So, Let Me first say this I tried all The Martinis they have including the ones they took off the menu and the new ones they added last week And I'm a fan of them all excluding the ones with chocolate just because I'm not a chocolate fan but I still tried them just to say I did LOL. As far as the food I tried the Meatballs they were Ok nothing amazing but ok. I will come back for sure.
1	Worst service EVER, ANWHERE!! We sat at the bar, 5 minutes later a bartender asks us if we have been helped.. Duh, we don't have any drinks or menus in front of us and you appear to be the only bartender! I order a coke for starters, but get a sprite or something instead. After looking at the menus for two minutes, and waiting another ten I ask for the check, pay the $5.75 for two sodas and leave. The bartender looked directly at me at least six times, but ignored us and washed dishes instead.
3	meh. Didn't really do anything to get me excited. The decor is pretty cool but after that the food was average and the service to match. The place was nearly empty at dinner time on a weekend. If I need to hit a bar in this area, I will likely choose one of the others nearby next time.
1	Our server had an aloof attitude and made us feel like he was doing us a favor for serving us. My margarita was terribly sour and I had to send it back (something I RARELY do). After eating the mediocre pretzel appetizer, we asked for our check without bothering to order dinner. Even the check took about fifteen minutes to get.Looking on the bright side, I'm eager to see what restaurant will move in there when this awful place goes out of business in six months.
4	I won't lie, it's possible I've been here too many times.  The first time I experienced Bar Louie was at home in Newport, KY on the Ohio River.  This has no city skyline or boats going by, but it is still pretty great!  My favorite thing on the drink menu by FAR is the bloody mary!  If you're into Bloody's you will love this one, it's like a meal in a glass. (=  In terms of food I never really branch out from what I know.  The chicken nachos are pretty great, but they changed the cheese which made them...pretty decent.  The pretzel dipper thingy's are thee bomb dot com!  My boyfriend and I recently ventured out into the world of Bar Louie sliders.  They were surprisingly d'lish!All in all, I think this is a great place to kick back in TMP and have a drink or three.  It's possible I may be a little bias because it's somewhat of home away from home, but I would still recommend you try it out ! :)
1	Don't waste your time!! Drinks maybe food NO WAYThis is one of the few times I did not listen to my fellow Yelpers and as alwas regretted it big time. I had previously gone to this establishment for Happy Hour and it was ok but then I made the big mistake of going for dinner. In short food was cold, order was wrong, service was terrible. There were 3 of us and dinner lasted 3 hours because it took the waiters about 30 minutes to initially come check on us just to take a water order and give us menus. We order chips and salsa and that comes out another 25 minutes later. The chips are so stale you can't even bite into them I ask the waitress to try one and she admits they are like rubber and then just stares at us. Normal customer service would be to ask if we'd like something else instead but not at Bar Louie. After literally hunting down our waitress we are finally able to order our food but then we don't see her again for another 45 minutes with our cold food. What a terrible experience I wasted 3 hrs and wasn't even able to eat any of my food basically paid to waste my time.
2	So, my friends wanted to go here for lunch today.  It was new, we had never been before, let's give it a shot, right?The waitress convinced us to order draft beers because they were on special, so we agreed.  One friend ordered a coke which came immediately.I watched the frost from my frosty mug fade away as our beers sat at the end of the bar getting warmer.  I saw our waitress walking around by the bar, and assumed that she MUST have seen them.  After what seemed like an eternity, another person brought our beers which only had frost at the very bottom at this point.OK, well, let's give the food a shot.  One of my friends suggested we order as soon as we saw the waitress again, because they already didn't seem very timely.Note that it was lunchtime, there were very few tables occupied and at least 8 staff members that I saw.So, we order.  If you are a fan of my reviews, you know that one of my favorite lunch time treats is Four Peak's Salmon BLT.  So, anytime I see a salmon sandwich, let alone one that includes bacon, I am tempted.I ordered the Salmon sliders.  The waitress convinced my friends to get the "loaded tots" which adds melted cheese, onions, and bacon bits on top of your tots.  I stuck with straight up tots.Well, in case you couldn't guess, the food took a while.  But I had my semi-cold beer and good conversation with my friends, so I let it slide.  The salmon sliders were not good.  They weren't awful.  I mean, I ate them.  But, I would not choose to eat them again, unless I was in a desperate state of hunger and they were the only thing available.The bun is hard.  Which of course makes it hard to eat the tiny sandwich.  The "blackened" salmon was not blackened at all.  This is what makes the sandwich btw.  The blackening spices take away from the fishiness of the salmon which allow the other flavors (hello, bacon?) to come through.Because of the lack of seasoning on the salmon, that was all you could taste.  That precious bacon and whatever kind of aioli they used was wasted.The tots were tots.  Nothing special.  Beware yelpers, beware.
2	Service was just ok, better than the last time. Ordered a burger medium well, got a Rare burger! Way over priced mediocre food. Drinks were good once we got them.
5	Great food and drinks! I'm a fan of the Smores martini! And their wings and nachos are bomb!  Great thing is the kitchen is open late, so you can catch a movie at Harkins and still get some great food and drinks after the movie. Definitely returning VERY soon!
3	Good classic bar food and then some.  $5 burgers every Tuesday after 5pm. Good cocktails. Calamari good but portion looks deceiving as lettuce lays below calamari.
2	Was here before and the service was terrible. Stopped in tonight for a beer and a water and OMG, the h2o tasted like it could have come from Tempe town lake. NEver understand why bars can't spend $100 on a water filter.... Clean water makes a big difference!
3	I went during Happy Hour with a few friends.  The drink specials are why I would would want to give this place 4 stars but the food was just meh.  The draft menu was extensive and there were a lot of microbrews available on tap, so that gives me a reason to go back.I was underwhelmed by the nachos and the verde flatbread pizza.  The cheese on the nachos looked and tasted very processed and the other toppings were minimal in comparison to the amount of chips on the platter. Plus side, the boneless wings seemed to be a hit as well as the Bar Louie hot sauce they have on the table.  If you like spicy food, this sauce tasted great on everything.  Our waiter was also really nice and we had great service.
4	I had never been here and we decided to grab a bite before a movie. Great little place with good food and great service. I had a burger and fries and it was great. Cooked right, nice and hot, lots of toppings. They had a great selection of drafts and other drinks. Good happy hour specials as well. Our server was very friendly and did a great job keeping our drinks full, getting our stuff out quickly and checking on us. I will be back to try more items and this will be a go to stop for before/after a movie. They have several TV's going where you can watch the games, etc. Open layout that makes it easy to see everything. I like all the round booths around the restaurant with the combination of high top tables.
4	My review is based off my last visit which was when I only stopped in to slam a beer before a movieNo jokeI was about to watch 2 Guns and there was no way I watching that soberThe bar is a nice little bar with a good selection on tap. I was on a mission since the movie started 20 mins after I sat at the bar with my friendI'm pretty certain the nice bartender girl was thinking I was going to order a Cosmo or some girly drink but I threw her off by ordering a Blue MoonThe next part I hope no one saw...I finished my beer in less than 5 minutesI kept giggling but I was on a missionSo I finished it and it turned out to be only $4 which was greatThen off to 2 Guns, which was cheesy and a little boring But Mark Wahlberg was in it.Next time I'll try the food... And I won't rush through my drink... ;)
4	I was thoroughly impressed with the food and quality of service at Bar Louie.  This restaurant has now been in Tempe Marketplace for some time, but I never had that urge of a feeling to go try it out.  At least not until recently when my boyfriend and I had about an hour to kill before the start of a movie.   We were instantly greeted with a warm welcome walking through the door and seated promptly.  Our waitress, Brie, was very nice and seemed to enjoy being there.  I got a little cold sitting inside and she was more than happy to help us move to the outside patio.  She gave us the suggestion of ordering the LOADED FRIES and they quickly became the best part of my meal. These fries came in a giant dish and were smothered in queso, bacon, scallions, and some scattered sliced jalapenos. I could have eaten the entire thing of fries for my meal and loved every minute of it!! However, I did order other items, which were also tasty, but I was still wanting to stuff myself with fires.  Being polite to the other dishes on the table, I tried my fish and chips, which had a nice light batter. Also, tried the buffalo wings, which had tons of flavor, but weren't overly spicy.  Again friendly atmosphere and great food.  Try the loaded fries for sure! lol I dont know how obvious I can be on the enjoyment of these fries :)
4	I came here on a "first date" with my girlfriend. It was really our 4th date but we won't go into that. Wanted to try this place since it had changed over from a Irish bar. When we arrived the sign outside said seat yourself. That threw a red flag up for me. Where we going to be noticed? Would we sit at a table for an hour and then finally get some attention after we flagged someone down? The answer is no. Our server Erica came right over and got our drink orders. She also found out that we were headed to a movie and in a little bit of a hurry.Drinks came right out and water was never empty. Of course we were sitting right in front of where they had a water station but still. I got the fish and chips, wanted something kind of different, and the girlfriend got a burger. Both were great and Erica got them right out to us. She really did a great job of getting us in and out in time for our movie.The fish were good sized pieces and nicely battered and fried. There were a ton of fries which were good but I could not finish. Girlfriend said her burger was cooked just right. Everything was great. Service, the food, the drinks, everything. I really liked how they moved the bar that was along one wall to the middle of the room. It really seemed to open the room up and somehow make more space. I will definitely come back to hang out here before or after a movie. With friends or on another date night with the girlfriend.
1	This place definitely does not do food like kittens do cute..  So we got the Luis(?) basically a shaved meat sandwich with mac and cheese subbed for fries and the trio of chips and dip.  The chips were salted VERY inconsistently - some chips didn't have any salt and some would burn your tongue it's so salty.  They are also very stingy with the sauces - they only fill the cups about halfway with the salsa, guac and queso.  The flavor of the salsa and queso weren't bad but the guacamole was basically a hacked up avocado with a few tomato pieces in it.  Bland.  The sandwich wasn't the worst, but was hard to eat.  The veggies are arranged on top like its supposed to be open faced and the shape of the roll also makes it kind of ambiguous.  I tried both ways, eating open faced style and tucking the veggies inside and biting sideways but either way its kind of messy.  Anyway, the meat is barely seasoned at all.  An au jus or some kind of aoli sauce or really ANYTHING would have helped it a lot.  The mac and cheese wasn't bad.  The sauce got a bit chunky when it started cooling off but otherwise the flavor isn't bad and they didn't overcook the pasta.So the food was not awful but not very good and at about ten bucks a pop, I'd rather go to about a million other places so I think I probably won't be back.  I'm seriously getting flashbacks from a couple of those chips.. (not the good kind either)
2	I hate giving two stars but this place has no redeeming qualities except for the two friendly employees I had interaction with.  Yes the happy hour specials are decent, but the beer is watered down.. They need to change their kegs!  The entire place also felt really.... Sticky.  Weird.  Like beer was spilled everywhere and not properly cleaned.
2	Went here for drinks and dinner and had a poor experience.  While the food was just all right, and the drink selection about the same, the service makes me not even consider coming back.  I sat at the bar with a friend and there were 4-5 girls working the bar, only one of which would ask how we were doing. We had to flag someone down to take our food order because nobody would acknowledge us.  Maybe it's a bad place to work because most of these girls looked miserable.  We got in around the end of happy hour and there was barely any seating.  I wouldn't recommend this place, hit up the Thirsty Lion instead.
2	I love Bar Louie, one of my favorite happy hour places in the area, however I was extremely disappointed after my visit last night. I ordered my usual; a clover and the hummus, tapenade and tzatziki plate. We got our drinks first of course, but when my plate came out I was completely disgusted to see that the cucumber they had served me was spoiled. It was dark in the restaurant but not dark enough to not be able to see that it was spoiled. When I pointed it out to the waitress she took the bad cucumber and brought back a new, crispy one. However, considering the dangers of E. coli in spoiled cucumbers I was shocked that she didn't even comp my meal. I hate to say it, but I will probably stay away from Bar Louie for a while.
1	I came here with a group of friends for a going away party. I will say I was not impressed with the service at all. The drinks were ordered before we ordered for food and we almost got the good before the drinks.  We continued our night here and the service continued to get worse and worse as we ordered more good and drinks. I will definitely not be back here again.
4	I've been here a few times for happy hour so that's all I have to go by. Honestly, I probably wouldn't be giving this place 4 stars if I had come during a non HH time. The food isn't really that great, but somehow when you're eating appetizers & burgers (on Tues) at half price you're a little less judgey. As far as drinks go Bar Louie's HH is possibly a slight notch above other Phoenix area HH's (price wise) depending on what you're looking for. $3 on ALL draft beers (not just the cheap stuff), $4 wines, $5 martinis. I've had the martinis (not the fruity ones) and they're fine, but when I say this place is slight notch above other HH's I mostly mean it's because ALL draft beers are cheap. As far as food goes the first time I was here I only nibbled on some things friends had ordered. The quesadilla was pretty standard, but I really did like the boneless wings. The last time I came I had the crispy calamari, and although they were a little greasy & heavily breaded (they did say "crispy," however) I thought they were fine. The calamari visit was on a Tues, which is when this place does there $5 burger special (all burgers on the menu are $5 from 5-close, and come with fries or tots). I had a southwest burger, which came with guacamole, jalapenos & jack cheese. I thought the quality was slightly above a fast food burger. Most burgers on the menu are regularly $10-$12, and if I would have paid that much I probably wouldn't be all that kind with this review. At five bucks though (the tots were hot & crispy) I can't complain all that much. As far as service goes, this last time we actually had a pretty good, attentive server. However, the first couple times I was here I remember service being slow. I'd come back here if somebody suggested it, and happily drink $3 kilt lifters & eat cheap apps during HH, but Bar Louie certainly isn't a place I'd keep running back to.
5	Baked Mac n Cheese with Chicken and Broccoli. Just get it. Don't ask questions. Lol but seriously best mac n cheese ever! Mario Hoagie and Meatball Hoagie are awesome too! Great for Happy Hour too! :)
5	Delicious martinis half off on Wednesdays!!!  Tried the Tickled Pink and The Fizz! Yummm!!! Food is tasty also!
5	Great drink specials, food is above standard for bar food, and seat and location is wonderful!
3	Have been here numerous times in the past with friends.  Service/food has always been good.  Especially for the HH prices... Blue Moon for 3.00 oh yeah! Dissappointed last night.  As usual we headed for the patio, found a table and waited nearly 10 minutes for water, after the waitress saw us and said she'd be right back.  It took nearly 10 minutes to get a beer and menus...  We barely had time to scarf down the yummy wings and pot stickers before we had to leave for a show.  We had to wait and wait for our bill.  Left a small tip for the pitiful service last night.  Told the waitress crappy service equals a crappy tip.   I will be back, enjoy the atmosphere, patio and casualness of the place.
1	I'm sitting at the bar at this moment and have been sitting here for 20 minutes now and haven't been greeted by a single bar tender, waitress or any staff at all.
4	This place was an incredible surprise! Happy Hour on a Thursday evening and some great specials. Good drink prices, good beer selection, nice cocktails. The Happy Hour food menu was priced very well and all was quite tasty. We shared the flatbread, calamari, bruschetta and a few chopped salads and couldn't have been happier with our choices. I will say that the wait time for our food exceeded our patience by a few minutes. At 45 minutes wait time for appies, that's quite a wait. We'll try this place again though for the prices and delicious food. A five star review if service had been snappier.
2	Was so excited to give this place a try at lunch and I have to say that it was not a pleasant visit.  Sat at the bar thinking I'd get faster service... Wrong. Waited for a while just to get Iced Tea and then asked twice for sweetener.... Never got it.  The restaurant was maybe 15% full however, it took almost 25 min. to get my burger which was ok at best. Ordered side salad and got a watered down version of blue cheese dressing.  I looked all around for salt & pepper and didn't even bother to ask her since I never got the sweetener for my tea.  Here's my advice to all bars and restaurants: If your people aren't competent enough to make sure you get what you need, then it should already BE ON the Tables!! There are so many other restaurants in the area so I won't be going back here any time soon.
1	Came here for the free Vet dinner or lunch on the eve before Veterans day.  They must be short staffed.  45 mins for one coke, 53 min for bad watermelon Margaretta.  After 60 min we left.  I left $11 dollars on the table for my drinks.  Won't be back.  Thanks Bar Louie for trying to thank us Vets. Sorry but the bad service over shadowed the free meal!
1	Sunday night, 6pm, restaurant is less than half full. Took 30 minutes before a waitresses showed up....another 15 for my coke and another 10 for my boyfriends drink.  After 70 minutes, the food never showed up nor did the waitress to see if we even wanted another drink, which meant the check was completely outta the question. So we guessed at the check and put some $ on the table and left.  Can't comment on the food because the service was so bad we never got any food.
2	Congratulations Bar Louie! Another 2* Review. Apparently, that's what you're aiming for. I went in tonight after I got off of work for a beer and some food, primarily because my brother had mentioned he thought the place looked cool about a week ago. Do not get it twisted; this place may appear busy on Wednesdays and any other day from 4-7 for one reason only, their happy hour prices are nice. Their bar staff on the other hand can make Stephen Hawking seem like he has a bubbling personality. I'm a young single guy that eats out alone quite a bit because my work hours leave me eating past a normal dinner hour. I also worked industry for 6 years, so I know a bartender who's destined to work back of the house when I see one. My bar"tender" Crystal had zero personality, ZERO. I counted 5 singles and two deuces at the bar-top and she didn't engage one person in any conversation. Just pacing, making drinks, and complaining to coworkers. Was a Wednesday night around 7:45 a little too much for you to handle (nine people, that's almost double digits...)? Need a second bartender up there? Or maybe just some Midol? Didn't receive a "hello" when I sat down, a smile with service, or a "thank you" when I was leaving. But, I did leave 20% because I know the industry and I almost felt sorry for her poor attitude. The bottom of their receipt says "Thank you for your business. We hope to see you again soon." Maybe they should tell their FOH employees to try to make people feel like they actually mean it. Food: MehAtmosphere: DecentStaff: Unimpressive
1	I won't go back there again. First it took over 45 minutes to make a hamburger, then I ordered cheddar cheese and got provolone and finally when I went to bite into it there was a piece of paper in my hamburger yuck.
1	I really, really wanted to like this place.The salads I've had here were fine, as well as some of the burgers. A couple nights ago I ordered take-out, my boyfriend ordered the Luigi shaved ribeye sandwich, and I ordered a blue cheese/buffalo burger. When I came to pick up the food the bartender recognized me as ordering to go, and brought my food and tab to me right away. But then forgot a side salad so I waited for almost 15 minutes to get some lettuce, onions, and dressing. (I don't blame the bartender for having to wait this long for the salad) Ok. My burger was fine, but the meat in my boyfriends sandwich was dry and tasted HORRIBLE. Literally the worst tasting meat I've had. But that's what we deserve for ordering shaved ribeye at a sports bar, right?? No big deal.After a concert on a friday night, I couldn't think of any place to go to get a late night snack and drink, so I took my friends back to Bar Louie. My girlfriend and I got margaritas (i asked for a grand marnier float, big mistake) and my boyfriend got the santan hef. on draft. The drinks were fine, and we ordered 3 appetizers; spinach dip, wings, and I got the hummus dip with a side of chicken. We ordered all of this around 12:30am. At this point there is one or two other tables in the restaurant.Around 1:15am the server comes back for the first time since she took our food order and told us it was last call, and to order our last drinks. Irritated that we are told we can't order anything else when we haven't even gotten our food, I asked if our food was still coming and she said "yeah". The boyfriend and I ordered one more drink, and then we waited another 5-10 minutes for our food. By the time we had 2 bites of our food.... they turned on all of the lights in the restaurant. Mind you, this is at about 1:30am (they supposedly close at 2am) and we are the only people in the restaurant. Our server NEVER came back to check on us after the food was dropped off. My boyfriend even walked into the kitchen to look for the girl so we could pay. It's really awkward sitting in a bar eating old wings and cold chicken with the TV and music turned off and all of the lights on....The spinach artichoke dip was really good though....Finally around 1:50am she comes back and says are you ready to pay? So we take the bill. It was $100 for 5 drinks and 3 appetizers (I was charged $18 for the grand marnier float).The 3 of us all work in the industry, and we understand busy shifts and other server things. But this was really bad, I am embarrassed that I brought my friends here. I highly doubt there was a manager on duty at all.. I don't know if your name was Nicole or Rose but I'm sorry that I couldn't leave you 20%. My experience ensured that I won't be coming back.
4	Came here for late night eats and drinks - yum!  Service was great and our food was yummy.
4	This is not such a bad place after all. When I know some place is a chain. It can either be really good, or not so much!This place is good. Yes, I would come back here again for sure.Service is decent. The staff is busy and attentive.Lots of draft Beer, there is a lot to choose from, so it is hard to pick just one.We got the Hummus and the meatballs.Both were pretty good. Hummus comes with pita bread and cucumber slices, nice. Matballs were not too bad either. in all the shopping frenzey it was a nice break.We will come back again when we are not so busy and we can relax here.It is Tempe Marketplace so it is at times tough to find parking and right now everyone is going frantic to get things done. But, the restrooms are clean and so is the bar. I think it is worth another visit for sure.
2	I have been here before, and it is better than the predecessor, but I was a little disappointed in my visit. A friend of mine sent me an email about an event for the Prohibition Repeal anniversary. I was impressed with the ad - the bar had a nice ad for the night, created 3 special cocktails to celebrate, and suggested visitors dress the part. I showed up and there was a good number of people, but none of the customers were really dressed up. The staff was somewhat dressed. I had a male bartender and he was in a white shirt with black tie. That could be 1920s, but it could be any day also. The female bartender had an outfit and looked the part. Other than that, it didn't really live up to the hype. I had a Batch 19 beer, but that was it. There was good hype for the event, but I didn't think it lived up to it. When I go to Tempe Marketplace this is not usually my first choice, so this visit didn't really do anything to change my mind.
2	1st time here, service was pretty shitty! I had one beer & appetizer, time to go! Not feeling it- staff is not attentive & personable, this time of year people want to spend money!! I bet I can find a better place to feel appreciated as a customer
4	I stopped in with my family because it was close to the theater. It was only after we sat that I took a glance at the yelp reviews. I don't mind telling you... They scared me , a lot. But I decided to give them a chance. Service was actually pretty good. We got seated right away and a waitress quickly took or orders. The drinks came out promptly as did the food. I ordered fish and chips to be on the safe side (i mean, who can f-k that one up, Amiright?). The food was fair. It won't win awards but why would you expect it to? It is a sports bar not a place with chefs from La Cordon Bleu.As an aside, I had my boys check out the bathrooms, since that was a specific complaint. They happily reported a clean toilet bowl. All in all a positive experience!
1	Met friends there on a Friday night. We were there early enough to be seated and everything started well. Our waitress/server was attentive. After ordering first round of drinks, service still good. Ordered appitizers, nothing special but decent bar food. After receiving food asked person delivering if we could order more drinks, she said she would send server over. Our server was never seen again. Sat around for 30 minutes wound up at this point asking if we could get the check. Our server stopped by and said " I was waiting for you" for what we would have liked to know. WE were waiting to order more food and drinks but the service was so horrible my group of 8 left and went somewhere else where we could get actual SERVICE. I will never go here again and make sure everyone I know knows about the crappy service received. Dont waste your money here, there are other better choices in Tempe Marketplace!
2	Great food and drinks but when having a Martin they fill the glass about half full. Order wine and still poured short compared to other locations. Charging that much for a drink should at least get what other locations server
4	Stopped by for happy hour on a Friday night, place was super packed but finally found a spot at the bar. Fairly quick service. We tried two different flatbreads, which were decent. Nothing great but not bad either.
3	Food is descent, like the spinach and artichoke dip, the sliders are ok, burgers ok, the meatballs and flatbreads are good.  I go here sometimes to watch football as it doesn't get packed like Zipps and the location is helpful if you have family who wants to do other things than watch football.  The service is hit and miss.  I've been the Bar Louie's in Chicago and the food in the Tempe location is better.  Happy hour prices are ok, they were better in their Chicago Taylor St. location but the food wasn't good.
3	Stopped in for some Sunday Lunch with a friend and I have mixed reviews. I liked the seating, great patio etc. The food was good, burgers and some different stuff served in a very cute way. I guess what annoyed me the most was the staff, our waitress Kim had a Very High pitch voice and kept calling me "Girl" thought it just might be her, but when she forgot that we asked for lemon 3x's, another waitress stopped by and she referred to me as "Girl" I'm not an old lady ~ but Im certainly Not A GIRL. Advise your staff its Not cute to call a woman over the age of 17~ GIRL!
4	Great bar, and good food. The service is great and the patio is great. Awesome place to grab a drink before and / or after a movie.
1	We came in around 11pm after having dinner at a local restaurant and I was not pleased at all with the service. I felt like I had to work to get the bartenders attention for a drink. I felt ignored and noticed he would stop and chat with other customers before coming to check on us. At one point one of the bartenders literally threw the bill receipt at my friend and didn't have the courtesy to put the bill in the cup and say here you go. They had no manners at all. Will not be coming back.
5	So good! Can I just say Ranch to die for! Awesome burgers awesome beer good music good atmosphere I just don't know what else to say about this place it's pretty BA! Priscilla Rocks!
4	Happy happy hour!!!! I pass by this place all the time and have always wanted to try it out. We came here for happy hour and got the works. Food, drinks, u name it. And everything was delicious!For the food we ordered the verde chicken flatbread and the boneless buffalo wings. Half buffalo and bbq. The bbq ones were really good. Now onto the good stuff. $5 martinis, $4 wines! 1/2 off appetizers! My first martini was the Tickled Pink. This comes with X-Rated Fusion Liqueur, DeKuyper Peachtree, cranberry and orange juices. Quite tasty I must say. My 2nd martini, and when I saw this on the menu I just had to try it. S'Mores!! This is as amazing as it sounds! & for $5 why not? lol.The drinks aren't that strong but they are quite tasty. I will definitely be coming back for some more martinis. =)
5	First time here and it was such great service and the happy hr list was perfect !! Our server persilla (sp) was super nice a friendly!! Just a heads up, you just walk in and find your seats was little confusing at first but they greeted us and informed open seating :)
2	Cool atmosphere, but just about the worst service you can imagine.   Ordered a beer 10 minutes ago and still waiting.
1	Wow haven't been to a place that messed up this bad EVER! First off we were asked which size beer we wanted 16 oz and we were given the 20 oz. Next up my husband ordered a "Louie Burger with tots" there are 3 different Louie burgers on the menu. Can anyone else see a potential problem here? Well guess what they didn't get us the wrong Louie Burger they gave us a portobello burger and it is called a Portobello Burger on the menu.  Needless to say he also was given fries.  We clarified we needed a fried burger with egg and tots. Drumroll ... This time we get a different Louie Burger with onions and still no egg or bacon.  To top this off I had ordered the chicken tacos (which were awesome), however the rice and black beans were totally cold. We refused to pay for any of the burgers and I told them about the rice and beans but they only took off the burger. Our total out the door was $40 bucks and we aren't planning to return.  Which is really a shame as I have been 3 previous times and loved it.  The last time being the day before I got married with family and friends.  Talk about ruining a great thing and memory.
3	Conveniently located near Harkins at Tempe Marketplace for a drink or quick bite. The drinks are creative and delicious but a little pricey. I enjoy their food but nothing special- typical upscale bar food. I wouldn't recommend to a friend other than over happy hour. Oh, and stay away from any type of bleu cheese on the flat bread- just over takes all the other ingredients!
4	Came here for lunch after a meeteing one day, a very warm day, and was seated immediately (it was 11:30 and empty - they restaurant had just opened, I believe). I was greeted by a really friendly girl who was also our waiter.Super quick service, on point. My glass was never empty and she never rushed us as we sat and talked well after our lunch was finished (I wish I could remember her name!). I ordered the Chop Chop salad and it was large. It was super filling and had just great, fresh ingredients. Very good. It had a dressing on it that was so delicious I almost asked for extra to take home!My friend had the Sesame Tuna sandwich and he said it was probably the best he'd ever eaten!This may be a chain, but it doesn't feel like one and the service is beyond what I've found at most chains. The only negative was that it was a 90 degree day and they offered no relief from the heat. I was expecting maybe a fine mist, but there was nothing. Just me sitting in a suit sweating to death. Thank goodness the refills were constant!Regardless, try it, I think you'll really like it!
2	Just get the Mac N Cheese with broccoli and chicken in it. 'Nuff said! I love this place and their food! Drink specials are awesome too. Fav dirty martini is at Bar Louie!  yummmmm! Def check it out people. Sometimes they have a live band too. They're pretty good!Mac N Cheese disappointment (the cheese is on recall so they aren't making it now) just take it off the menu to save me the sadness. Ugh!
3	A-OK In my book! This is a nice little bar in Tempe Market place. It's a good spot to hit before or after a movie. They have happy hour of course, so drinks after work is always fun. I have been here a few times and have been quite happy with the food. The service is hit and miss, sometimes I feel like the staff is unorganized in who takes care of which section, so that can get a bit frustrating. There are a few good food selections here, I definitely recommend their chicken Quesada if you are looking for something small! It's a flavorful little snack filled with moist chicken, cheese, pico, peppers and beans. My other favorite dish is the current special they are running right now. Its parmesan crusted chicken sliders! Yummy!!!! They are these perfect little chicken sliders covered in a delicious parmesan cheese crust, inside two little pieces of bread. They put a little slice of Italian heaven in a bun! Haha! Great idea!Side note - Tuesday night they have burger night! You can get a burger meal for like $5!! :D
4	The berry mojito is perfect, the fig and pig flatbread is epic, and it's a short hop over to the movie theater. I mean, it's no Dave and Buster's (it doesn't smell like teenage feet at ALL) but it'll do in a pinch.
3	This is the TGI Fridays of bars for sure.  I only enjoy it because it reminds me of home (the first BL I frequented with friends was in Homestead, PA).  They all kinda look and feel the same so it's easy for me to feel at home (when in Tampa - I go to that one too).  Food is decent, drinks are good and patio seating with people watching is fun.
1	The service is terrible. Asked for water and was told they were all being washed. How about using any of the serval types of glasses that  you have at the bar to serve a party of 6 with water. You had no problem bringing cocktails and beer instead of water. Was there two different nights because it was right next to the movie theater. Well never ever go back.
3	My friend and I decided to meet here before a movie. She was excited to try the "Baked Mac & Cheese and I had the BLT flat bread. I actually enjoyed my meal BUT when my friend recieved her's, it is not baked! We called the waiter and told him, he said it is, no- it's boiled! I'm used to baked in the oven and it having a golden top bubbling. It was terrible! Disappointing! The service was a okay... I think I would just go back and try cocktails and not make it a place to dine.
2	The food was good but it took 40 mins to get a B.L.T. and mac and cheese. It was mid day and not busy. Our server, Nadia, was friendly. Ambiance is nice. Moscow Mule cups are tin instead of copper.
3	What a surprise!    I expected this place to be crawling with young college kids (sorry college kids.).  But I was happy to find it full of professionals coming in on a Friday night to check out the awesome happy hour.I stopped in with 7 co-workers on a Friday!  I was the first to arrive.  I walk in and look around for a hostess stand... nothing.  I'm doing that distressed "what the hell do I do now" look around.  Waitresses walk past, no one says anything.  I finally flag someone down and ask "is there a hostess stand"?   Nope, no hostess.   You snag your own table.  (Apparently there is a sign outside, that I didn't see.  Get it together Bar Louie, it takes 3 seconds to say, "Seat yourself" when someone misses the sign. It has to happen all day and I think they are VERY silly for walking past me like they did.)  Good thing I got there just before 430, there was a huge 8 top table open... and there were exactly 8 of us coming.  After seating myself, a waitress stops by to show me the HH specials and the menu.  This is where this place really made an impression.... HH 4-7pm!  Awesome food and drink deals.  They had a Hendrick's Martini on the HH ($5.25)....  awesome. I enjoyed my appetizer (calamari), side salad and I had the dirty Martini x 2.  Good deal, total 18 bucks.  I am with it.My return factor is 50%.  A definite return for HH after work.
4	So I have walked past this joint many a time while at Tempe Marketplace, but I never gave it a second thought.  I don't know whether it was the logo or the perception of stuffy hipsters inside - but I'm glad I did.  They have a solid happy hour with specials on drinks and food, the service was attentive and the ambiance was much better than I expected.  Based on the other places I have had a beverage in the vicinity, this place is one of the better options for sure.  Totally worth checking out during happy hour, I have no idea about the standard menu - but if I'm thirsty and in the area I'll be back for sure!
1	Such a bad experience- they need to learn customer service.  We had a great meal my boyfriend and I just apps and drinks.  My future mother in law came to town and we decided to take her here... Awful!  I called  to let them know since we live across the street, weren't looking for anything free.  None of the drinks we wanted all out, no ice at a bar mind you the salads were awful!  Called and they promised free meals,  called today and spoke to crystal, now they apparently can't honor their promise since it's new mgmt...not cool, we will never go back... The worst customer service ever!
3	You should come here to check out their happy hour, which goes until 7 PM.  Great specials, especially the drinks.Service is great.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The food was unfortunately pretty subpar.  We tried a flatbread, buffalo wings, and a quesadilla.  All of it was decent at best, and we even had to send back the flatbread because we were so disappointed.  I would recommend this for grabbing a drink before or after a movie at Harkins.I wouldn't recommend eating here.
4	I've been here twice with my partner for light grub and cocktails before a screening a film.  Both times were very pleasant.  The food is not bad (it's nicer bar food, mostly), both of us had salads today and enjoyed them.  The Bloody Marys we had were VERY good.  But, there is no question: our waitperson, Kim, was one of the best servers we've ever had: very nice, pleasant, attentive, friendly, upbeat---she was pretty amazing.  We hope Kim does well---she's an incredibly hard-working server and we'd go back just to sit in her section.  Nicely done!
4	A few of my friends and I went here yesterday afternoon before a movie.  Really cutting it close with our movie we asked our server to help us out by speeding along our order and service. She was wonderful and so helpful and accommodating.  Getting us all in and out in 30 minutes and making sure our drinks were full and the food was great.  Aside for the fantastic service we received the food was pretty good and had a great bar selection!
2	Typical bar food. Not the greatest at all. Their food is pre made and frozen then cooked it seems like. Waitress even described a dessert that way. Just eh.
4	Kim is such an amazing waitress. Fun happy, singing and super cute! Thank you Kim your awesome.
5	5 of my friends and I came here last night for happy hour and a few drinks before a movie. Their happy hour specials are great! Try the bruschetta, calamari and chicken quesadilla, all were delicious! I had a lemon drop martini for $5.25 and also really liked it. They have plenty of beer on tap and some pretty fun cocktails. The service was quick and very pleasant. We will definitely be back!
2	Besides having to wait what felt like forever (40 mins for food, and it was pretty empty a Tuesday night) the appetizer and main meal came out together and weren't that great. Had the mussles and were very salty. Also had Bruschetta the tomatoes seemed old and not very fresh. The bread that came with the meal wasn't talk bad. Overall not very good and wouldn't recommend it
1	This place looks cool, that's as far as you'll get is looks if it's busy. When It's packed it sucks as there is no "hostess" just "wherever you can find a table" I was told, so people are camping out everywhere hanging out by tables that "look like they are finishing." LAME.
3	Typically I'll hit this place before or after a movie at the Harkins next door.   Good selection of beer and wine along with a decent variety of mixed drinks (if that's your thing).   I've never had a bad meal here, but I'm struggling to remember what I had to eat on my last couple of visits.   So the food is good but not anything that will really stick out in your mind.    The patio is nice when it's not 100+ degrees out, the interior is very nice when it's 100+ degrees out.    I won't go out of my way to go here, but I also won't say no.
4	Food and service was great! Like the selection of drinks on the happy hour menu. Prices were a bit too high to go any other time than happy hour.
2	Slowww service,  this place is dead, what is the hold up. My Margarita is the worst more I've had in a very long time. I had to check on the waitress to even order an appetizer.  Overpriced drinks overpriced food sub par service.
1	It took quite some time to get our drinks even though the place was practically empty.  The drinks were pricey, and im not being hyperbolic when I say that bar louie served me the worst Margarita I've ever had.  Apatizer was ok, but the service was so slow and the drinks so overpriced I wouldn't go back.
3	3 stars overall rating for this place is pretty accurate. Just ok, nothing special. It was surprisingly busier on a Monday night than we had expected. No greeting at the door was a bad first impression. A sign or any kind of acknowledgement from staff to seat ourselves when we walked in would've been nice. Anyways, the half-price apps and sangrias/wines were decent, but our server was bizarre. We asked her to take our pic with my phone and instead of saying "smile" she said "20 percent!!". I thought at first she was referring to the battery life left on my phone then it dawned on me she was referring to a tip. We left a pretty generous tip in cash on the table and after she took the bill, she asked "oh is that for me too?". Tacky.
2	A group of five of us went to Bar Louie on a weekday for happy hour. We got the spinach artichoke dip, the cheese quesadilla, a chicken flatbread, and some drinks. The food was just alright and the drinks were not much better. Also, being that it was a weekday, it wasn't very busy but the server was not very attentive. We had to flag her down to order refills on drinks & more food. In fact, we probably would've ordered more if she would've come back around to properly take the orders. Considering that there are other restaurants in the area that also offer happy hour deals, we probably won't be back here anytime soon.
3	Good food, no service. If you're willing to wait a really long time, then this is the place for you. If not stay away.
5	Second time here, food was great, drinks were great and our server Rose did a great job.
3	Meh. Meh meh meh meh meh. Not great. Not terrible. Everything too salty. Sangria mixed with amaretto enticed me. But it ended up tasting like sangria, with amaretto in it. Do you know what I mean? Like when someone says "try Rehab's peanut butter and jelly burger!" And you're like, man, I wonder if the mixture of salty and sweet results in a fantastic new taste combination?? And then you have it, and it literally just tastes like a burger, which someone has put peanut butter and jelly on.
1	Went there tonight, was served raw chicken and told our server. She did comp our $13 bill but no manager even came over to apologize or look at the dish. Basically, never ordering chicken from there again. Be careful!
5	Stopped for drinks after dinner. The martinis are tremendous. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. The decor of the bar is really cool. They have a cool deck. They have great music and a ton of televisions for watching the game.
3	Food isn't that great.  Just your general bar food.  The beer is awesome and cold though, and there's plenty to select from.  I'm a lover of Samuel Adams.  They seem to always have that.  Location is a busy place.  They're right on the end though, and a movie theatre is just a few steps away.
4	Beer is great, TV's, environment is great, food is good. Prices decent, staff is decent, Wednesday is $5 burgers, definitely 4 stars
4	Nice bar atmosphere. Ordered their shredded turkey sliders and jumbo shrimp appetizer. Both were excellent.
1	The 1 star is for my salad & lack of Manager service.  The waitress did her job well, her Manager left her unsupported. My friend and I stopped in for lunch yesterday (a Sat). She ordered the BLTT - which she enjoyed. I ordered the blackberry, orange & brie salad. The salad was $8.50 and came out looking like a small side salade. I had anticipated getting a salad as a meal. When I asked the waitress about the size, she said it was because of the quality of ingredients...there were 4 brie triagles of approx 1/2 inch, two 1/2 pieces of orange, 5 blackberries and a tablespoon of walnuts.  And I'm being generous. I understand I'm in a bar & grill ordering a salad - however, these days that doesn't seem to be an issue in most locations. You get a decent salad. Not with this one.The waitress said she'd send the manager over. My only suggestion that I was going to make was let people know that this isn't a meal size salade - that it's more a small side salad. After this initial conversation - we never saw our waitress again. After a good 15 minutes a lady stopped by and asked if we wanted more water and took our plates. We then asked for the bill. The same lady brought the bill. Then our waitress stopped in to pick up the payment and asked if the Manager helped us or took the salad off the bill. (I wasn't looking to not pay, I just wanted them to inform their customers) We said we hadn't seen the Manager - she informed us the lady that took our plates and brought us water was the Manager. She had never said a word to us. Introduced herself or asked any questions. The waitress was stunned and very apologetic. She was a bit at a loss of what to do. We left a decent tip for the waitress, It's not her fault that management is clueless and unprofessional.  Won't be back - too many other options.
4	I came here to grab an appetizer with friends.  It's like a sports bar, but with nice decor.  There are TV screens everywhere, but not so loud that you couldn't hold a conversation with your friends.I ordered the chips and trio appetizer (salsa, queso, and guacamole).  No complaints about anything.  The cheese was good and gooey with a bit of sharpness.  The guac was nothing to write home about, but decent and fresh.  The salsa was the best out of all 3!I tried a part of my friend's shrimp tempura appetizer and dipped it into a Thai chili sauce.  Yummm that chili sauce was delicious!  Sweet, spicy, and tangy.For Tempe Marketplace, this is definitely one of my more favorite restaurants to eat at.
1	The food looked good from where I was standing... but unfortunately, I was unable to actually taste it.  I walked in there with my friends last night expecting to get a decent burger.  When we waked in, we stood at the front of the restaurant for over 15 minutes waiting to be seated.  It seemed as though workers were walking by us trying not to make eye contact so they wouldn't have to take the time to seat us. Needless to say, we walked in unnoticed and walked out unnoticed.
1	Gave bar louie  a tried this past veteran day weekend because the que  for the surrounding  restaurants were long.  Worst mistake ever! It was self seating so we scanned for a table that were most visible.  Waited there for 20 min while the staffs walked pass our tables a dozen times.  We managed to make eye contact with a few of them,  however they acted as if we were wearing the cloak of invisibility.  We ended up walking out at the end without trying their food.  I'm surprise that place is still open.
2	Way way way over prices drinks. Like ridiculously over priced. And the tables all wobble..
2	Um awful. Had chicken tortilla soup. It came out half way cold. The soup looked like someone mixed a can of diced tomatoes in chicken broth and squeezed some limes in. Tater tots was ok (soggier than I'd like). Prob won't come back.
5	Amazing Bloody Mary's!
5	I love this place especially during Happy Hour and on Tuesdays. Tuesday burger and fries for 5 dollars. And these aren't crappy burgers. These are the good ones. The staff is awesome and fast too!!!
4	Our server Kim saved this review from 3 stars, she was awesome and the best part of the experience.  We had 2 dirty cocktail glasses in 1 round that we had swapped out but the food was pretty solid.  Pretty good atmosphere and the outdoor patio is great for people watching.  Will be back again just not in a hurry to return.
5	Went for an impromptu lunch and found a nice surprise in Bar Louie.  The atmosphere was classier than most with plenty of TV's to sneak a peek at the game!  Food, while a bit more expensive, was especially tasty.  Our burgers were cooked to order without flaw. We will be back!
