4	What a great idea. Get a huge roasted porker and sit him in the window for all to see, heid and all. Then serve up big shredded portions of him on a bun with a choice (or combination) of sage and onion, apple sauce or sweet chilli relish. Additionally you can get some crackling for an extra 50p or so. Brilliant. I'm deducting 1 star for the fact that you can't get a nice cold beer to wash it down. Otherwise no complaints from me!
4	Brilliant idea. Put a roasted pig in the window and feed him/her to the public. When the meat of this pig is gone, close the shop. All they sell is this pig all day.What a wonderful concept, so simple and soooooooooooooooooo delicious. The taste is more like American style pulled-pork BBQ, though without the smokiness or BBQ sauce. With this, you get sage and onion seasoning sprinkled on it, and perhaps some haggis or sweet apple sauce on top. I live in Germany now, and this would be the only place outside of Germany in Europe that would make me forsake a Bratwurst. Only caveat--- the bread was cheap, horrible hamburger buns straight out of the supermarket aisle. Yuck! They need decent bread, something as hearty and heavy to stand up to the pork. Some artisan, handmade bread would complement the handmade meat, instead of being a cheap-ass afterthought. I deducted 1 star for the horrible bread rolls.
5	Pro.  This place is sooooo good, but get there early cause they run out of the cracklin' early!http://www.flickr.com/photos/theedinburghblog/3018936259/
5	Somewhat cruely named, OINK does exactly what it says on the shop window - Hog Roast.Being a big fan of pork, I was hugely excited about the promise of spit roasted hog and crackling - and I wasnt disapointed. My advice however is to get there early, because OINK is very popular - mainly because it offers the chance of something different to eat in the city.Speaking to the jolly man who served me, I also found out that not only does OINK have its own premises, it can be found in the weekly farmers market along with the two farmers who own the place, still selling thier wares.OINK is something different, and very tasty - if you can get there in time!
4	The first time I walked past this place I had to do a double take because of the half mauled pig in the window. Poor guy. But I was intrigued and thought I must try it! There is not much else you can do to explain OINK. There is a dead pig in the window and they carve it up for sandwiches. Its as easy as that. Its probably for the more carnivorous amongst us, some people may be put off by Babe in the window. But it is delicious! I like mine with a little apple sauce. I leave the crackling though, that grosses me out a bit too much. The pigs are reared on the owners farm, so its good quality meet too.Its maybe quite gimmicky, but worth a try.
5	The phenomenon of  "Roadkill cusine" has popped up in the media semi-regularly over the past few years as an alternative to Waitrose for thrifty carnivores nationwide. Unsurprisingly, flicking on the hazard lights and popping to the side of the road to bury one's head in the entrails of a recently flattened fox is still an acquired taste to some, but for those "on the fence" so to speak, Oink provides the ideal introduction.It's fair to say that the British office monkey can often feel limited to a number of fairly sanitised options. The neverending stream of social-climbing delis half-heartedly scoop out bowls of hummus or red pesto chicken onto a tiresome array of flatbreads and as we fester in the queue, running down our precious minutes, the feeling that we're eating inauthentic crap made by arseholes, for arseholes never strays too far away. But Oink is different. There's not a ciabbata in sight. Just some plain bread rolls, some rudimentary sauces and the putrefying remains of an unfortunate local swine. Be in no doubt that this is the grisliest, most brutal and downright best lunch on offer in Scotland.The animalistic experience on offer at Oink really is second to none. Looking on, mouth watering as the staff hack at the rotting carcass before feasting upon the ragged, sweaty flesh of the wretched pig is the closest most of us will ever get to those basal predatory instincts long lost to evolution. And all for about four quid.After just one visit to Oink, you'll see a congealing tub of room-temperatrure mediterranean tuna salad for what it really is. Pathetic.
5	If you can eat pork then I cannot recommend this place enough- just thinking about it makes me drool. It serves one thing and one thing only: hog roast.The meat is always cooked to perfection- melt in your mouth and the crackling has always been satisfying! The buns are fresh and even though there is not a huge variety in additional fillings (the apple sauce and sage and onion combo are delicious) they do them very well. Prices are not the cheapest but trust me- you will want more.It's a tiny shop with one table and some stools so be prepared to take away. Even though the hog roast comes in buns it tends to get quite messy as they are quite generous with portions. Also the crackling goes early. What is most striking about this small modern food shop is the actual carcass of the pig is a window display. I suppose this is the best kind of advertisement. It also is quite amusing when people watching the reactions it gets- I am sure the staff here are used to the snapping of photos. I love this funky little shop and the food is delicious. Your vegetarian friends might be in for a bit of a  shock though.
5	When you only have one thing on the menu, you darned well better do it right. And when I say one thing, they have... ONE. THING. It's the "Hog Roast Sandwich" which arrives on a yummy split roll. The only choices are extras: chilli sauce, sage & onion stuffing, applesauce and cracklins.There's nothing here if you're a vegetarian or you don't eat pork, though I suppose you could just have the roll. :-)Melt in your mouth, tender pieces of roasted pork, carved off the hog when you order. How do you know it's fresh carved? Because the guest of honor is right there in the shop window. He's in hog heaven now.There is a cooler of drinks - Coke, water, juices - and not much else. 80p for the bottled water I had. Finding the place was a challenge, as their signage is minimal. Note that it's on Victoria Street, not Victoria Terrace.
3	What is it about a a dead pig that arouses so much excitement in a person? I lived next to the market where the Oink hog was marched to on a saturday, in the days before their shop opened on Victoria Street, and I would be lying if I said I wasn't captivated by its piggy mystique. Maybe it awakens a hunter gatherer impulse within us - or maybe we have seen too many episodes of Lost - but, for some reason, the sight of an entire dead pig (think apple in the mouth) gives an incredible and inexplicable urge of "I want that inside me".I'm afraid, however, that the reality is that it tastes OK and not much better than OK. Once you get over the fact that the butcher has just done slightly less work on your lunch and that you are not in fact standing in the wilderness, but on a street which has become reminiscent of a building site, this piggy mystique begins to vanish.To put this another way, imagine a Yelp friend proclaiming the latest city lunch craze city to be a kebab shop with an entire skinned lamb revolving slowly in front of a small radiator, head, legs and all. You may begin to be willing to reappraise your dining priorities. In short, it's tasty enough, but lets not go over board here people. How often would you choose a pork sandwich when given a choice? Just imagine they kept the ingredients in the kitchen, like everyone does.
3	BurgersBrisketBurnt EndsBaconSteakRibs& SausagesErm, I hate to burst your bubble but Oink only sell one thing and that's  hog roast sandwiches to take away. You can choose between applesauce, sage & onion stuffing or chilli sauce but I'm afraid those are your only options, folks. If you smile nicely and get there early enough, you might get a piece of crackling too.
4	Simplicity at its best- there is just one thing on the menu and its life changing. The beautiful hog sits in the window like the Sirens tempting all who pass by. The pork sandwich comes in three sizes, the largest of which is a deal breaker if you plan on accomplishing anything with the rest of your day. The meat is extremely tender and delicious. Without a doubt Oink is an Edinburgh must. To top everything off, Oink is located near the Grassmarket, the tightest place in the city.
5	Oink makes me happy. Its that simple.  I live in Los Angeles and I would be willing to take the 11 hour plane flight for a sandwich at Oink.  Basically what you get is pork.  Slow cooked, displayed for all, sweet juicy cracklin, and some nice local toppings.  If your looking for variety, look somewhere else.  If you want an amazing inexpensive pork sandwich that will knock your socks off, look no further.
5	I didn't even notice the place until I walked by then the smell hit me hard. I had to go in and try one of these sandwiches. It was amazing... melt in your melt and full of flavor. Get extra crackling, I made the mistake the first time and won't again, possibly the best part.  For the quality of food, and flavor I would have expected to pay more money. If your in the area I highly recommend you stop by for a sandwich or a drool...your choice.
5	I like pork a lot, so I guess it makes sense that I'd like A LOT of pork.Situated on Victoria St. right off of the grassmarket, Oink is an honest, unassuming eatery specializing in pulled-pork sandwiches.  Did I say specializing?  Is there a word for "it's the only thing on the menu"? There isn't?  Well alright then.If you do not like pork: first of all, what the hell man?  Second of all, this isn't the place for you.  In fact, you probably should have been warned off by the roast pig carcass in the window.  Yes, they have one of those.You walk up to the counter in what is a rather small looking space, with seating for about 5-6 people.  There you can order one of three things.... ALL OF THEM ARE A PULLED PORK SANDWICH!  Just differing sizes of such.  You have the choice of the roll (white or brown), the choice of topping (haggis or sage and onion stuffing or both) and the choice of relish (apple or chili).  This may seem like a difficult decision, but let me assure you: THERE ARE NO WRONG ANSWERS.  Any and every combination will be no more or less mouth-watering and delicious as any other.  The person working there (always nice) will then proceed to scrape a generous portion of pig (as in directly from the pig) onto your roll, wrap it some plastic and deliver it to your trembling hands.  This will set you back between 3 and 5 quid, depending on the size.Now there's not a huge amount of seating, so if you go on a weekend, you may find it difficult to find a place to sit.  This is ok, however, because there are no end to the benches down on Grassmarket.  Plus, several of them have a view of that castle-y thingamajig everybody seems to rave about.  **Hint, if you leave make sure to grab a fork and a napkin (pulled pork has a tendency to fall out of things...)I hope I have conveyed (without actually saying so) that Oink is awesome and you should never eat anywhere else and you should give me all of your money.  But in case I haven't made that clear... GO TO OINK, you won't regret it.  I accept most major credit cards.
5	This will be my regular lunch stop in town.  Probably the one place in UK that beats American BBQ joints... yeah, that good.  Maybe because the first time I had it was freezing cold and late afternoon, but the meat was plenty, tender and juicy.  The chili sauce reminds me of St. Louis bbq.  Sorry, vegetarian friends, pig is the only thing on menu here.  Oh, and expect to eat your sammy standing up.
5	Need meat? Go to Oink!It was -1C outside, I could no longer feel my fingers, and my tummy was a-rumbling. I was on George Street but none of the cutsey cafes or restaurants were floating my boat. I knew what I wanted. Hot pig onna roll, with chilli sauce.I had heard of Oink before, through Yelp, and it was HIGH on my 'must try' list. So I took the extra 15 minute walk just to get here. I was not disappointed.As all the other reviewers have said, this is simple and does exactly what it says in the tin - or is on show in the window. Pork, slow roasted, inna roll with a few optional extras: haggis or sage stuffing; chilli or apple sauce; small, medium or large. Done, done and done.It's simply amazing. Hot pork, fresh from the pig (literally, it's in the window in all its tasty, crackling glory) on a fresh roll. Simple Scottish fare, no frills, but delicious.Sorry, there are no veggie options. Also, if you get squeamish about seeing the animal you're actually eating, it might not work. I am a self-confessed food snob. I don't like wasting my pennies or tummy-space on mediocre fare, and usually I'm a deli, fancy schmancy type. But whilst this is simple, it is very, very good. Although probably not for my arteries.Oh, quick note, there are no toilets when you sit in. Worth knowing.
4	Yummy! Simply put, you get a sandwich with shredded pork pulled literally off a pig while passerbys see this in the window. You get a crispy pig skin in the bun as well as apple spread or haggis. Easy to order, yummy to eat. Great drinks in the fridge too. No hours posted. The only place I've seen posted hours is right here on Yelp!
5	Firstly I need to say a MASSIVE thank you to all the Yelpers who have contributed to making Oink the #1 Yelped about eatery in Edinburgh because otherwise the chances are I would never have happened upon the place as Victoria Street and the Grassmarket aren't areas I tend to gravitate towards for any reason.... that being said, I've now gone to Oink twice in as many days.Ladies and gents, your attention please.... I. Am. In. Love.They say the best ideas are simple and this is no exception. In a nutshell, this place sells pork sandwiches. End of.Oh okay there are a few variables to throw in there for the thinking man (or woman!):Small, medium or large?White or brown?Haggis or stuffing?Cranberry or apple sauce?Drink?Wow, lot to think about there. Now I'm hungry again..... wonder if I can get up there in 20 mins...? Traffic should be alright......Whoa! Talk about digression! Oink clearly brings out the caveman in me! Actually I'm surprised I didn't come up with this idea as this is pretty much all I ate in Sydney as they have these roast delis all over the place. Good job I didn't as there's no way I could compete with the meaty perfection of Oink.Absolute godsend.Bloke behind the counter is a good lad too.COUPLE OF TIPS FOR THE NEWBY:1) The crackling is phenomenal. Get there early, ask for crackling.2) The hog is cooked in gravy. If you like gravy, be sure to ask the guy for the meat at the bottom of the dish. Wow!
5	Sensational, delicious, mouth watering, tender, succulent roast pork and crackling in a bread roll. No better 'ready to devour' pork purveyor this side of the Carpathian's I can assure you. The whole roast pig in the window had me drooling before I even went inside, Obelix-style!
2	Cool concept and nice stuffings and sauces but my pork bun was dry at Oink.  I will give Oink a second try if I ever find myself in Edinburgh again.
5	Simply and utterly fabulous -- the best pork I've had, ever, anywhere, anytime.  Among the best meat I ever had.  Unlike factory raised pork, this isn't your "other white meat."  Dark, succulent and deliciously fatty.  I keep my order simple -- no bread, no sauce and no sides, just meat and cracklin.  Actually tried some haggis once, which is offered as a side, on one visit.  The haggis was fine even though it wasn't in the casing, but the pork is sublime.  The staff are friendly and the prices are reasonable.  Keep up the excellent work.  I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
5	Heaven on a bun delivered by people who love the pig.  We were wandering down Victoria Street looking for a Middle Eastern place where my daughter could get a falafel when we passed by OINK.  There's a beautiful golden roasted pig in the window that they are pulling the meat off for sandwiches and I know that this is my lunch.Not many options at OINK:White or brown breadHaggis or sage stuffingApple sauce or chili relishCrackling or no cracklingSmall, medium or largeThere is a counter with a few stools and a table with a couple of chairs but mostly it is a carry-out business.  It was a beautiful day so we took our sandwiches down the block to a small square at the intersection of Victoria and Grassmarket and ate on a bench outside with the pigeons.  It was perfect.It's that simple.  The staff were delightful and the sandwich was even better.  This is quality stuff served up by people who love what they do and they do it well.  I would travel the 3000 miles back to Edinburgh for another one of those delicious sandwiches.
5	And this is how pork is done properly, ladies and gents.We stopped in for a pre-lunch snack before our 2:30 lunch at The Kitchin. Yeah, I know. But it's just how we roll. I asked the owner what the best combo was; he told me: white with haggis and chili and a little cracklin'. Sweet baby jesus, this man knows what he's talking about. So good!Oink is a shining example of what is going right with the Edinburgh food scene. They know what they do well and capitalize on it. It's a must when in Edinburgh.
5	Oink does one thing and it does it exceptionally well---delicious pulled pork sandwiches. What more could you want---hot flavoured pig, apple sauce, either haggis or onion sage stuffing and of course some crackling. In the window you are greeted by a massive roast pig--ears, snots and all in full view. Yes it's disgusting, but it's a beautiful foodie sight nonetheless. This sandwich shop needs to be on your short-list!
4	NOM! NOM! NOM!First place we made a beeline for after landing in Edinburgh.The pork is delish and made even better with some haggis and chili relish. MAKE SURE you get a piece of the CRACKLIN' to top off the sandwich-- crunchy and porka'licious! No one talks about the roll but bad bread can ruin a good sandwich. The bread they use at Oink is the perfect juice soaking fluffy goodness a pig could meet. (hey, I wasn't talking about me!)BTW, seating is quite limited. I recommend finding somewhere to sit either inside or down the street before eating lest you might lose bits of glorious meat down your shirt and that would be a shame.
4	Pork sandwich: small, medium, or large - all else are details. Had mine with sage dressing and sweet chili sauce with a ginger beer. Tender pork pulled from a whole roasted hog prominently displayed in the front window. Having grown up going to L.A. Chinatown delis with roast pigs and ducks hanging from windows, Oink's display didn't faze me so I went hog wild. Tasty food at reasonable prices in a store with cute pig displays. Another good recommendation from Yelper Jenny L.
5	Holy wow that cracklin' is like delicious meat candy. This was a perfect lunch, with every component lending itself to a party in my mouth (I went with a brown roll, sage stuffing, apple relish, and of course cracklin... add in the tender flavorful roasted pork and you're in heaven). And for a reasonable price too. This is a no brainer, if you're any kind of pork lover you must have an Oink sandwich ASAP.
4	Small but fantastic. Wonderful pork sandwich. The stuffing gives it a great Thanksgiving flavor.
5	Amazing sandwiches, simple and really delicious. Chili relish and haggis gets another recommendation from me. Nothing quite like the carnal satisfaction of staring down the animal you're currently eating.Also note that Victoria Street is home to a yarn store next to a pig sandwich shop next to a cheese shop next to a shop selling artisanal liquors next to a bookstore. Victoria Street is now my favorite street in the whole world.
3	The place is simple and serves one thing, pork in bread with two accessories. The food was ok but a bit too based on the pig that was pretty basic taste the staff were ok, but not very nice, felt that they looked askance at me because I'm well dressed. (sorry for it then!) It's fantastic fun with the concept places, I think the food was good but not worth as well as review site had, then I baked potato place on Cockburn's better with more choices.
4	Piggy goodness!Look, I am a shameless carnivore.  One of my two favorite shirts is from Boccalone in San Francisco (Chris Cosentino's salumeria).  The other is a print of a creepily delighted pig slicing itself into saucisson.  So when a joint advertises itself by placing an entire roast pig in the window, which is gradually being shredded bit by bit over the course of the day, I'M THERE.  For some, the sight of a whole roasted animal being slowly pulled apart is grotesque.  For me, it is grotesquely delightful.And oh, was it succulent, my friends.  And oh, my children, did the crispy exterior merit the high praise of PORK CANDY.I can't believe I'm saying this, but now one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I have ever had was in the United Kingdom (and proud nation of Scotland!).  To be fair, I'm an Amurricun, and my great preference for pulled pork is with a healthy dash of low-temp smoking and some Carolinas/Arkansas-style vinegar sauce.  But the methode-UK isn't so bad, either...I would've opted for the haggis and chilli sauce sandwich, but they were out of haggis.  I was already in a festive mood from the Christmas Market, so I plopped myself at a table, my massive sandwich bedecked with sage and onion stuffing and applesauce.I will be hard pressed not to eat one of these every time I go to Edinburgh.  Keep me away from Victoria Street, I beg of you!
3	A great idea, but the food didn't particularly float my boat.Overall, we said: "I quite enjoyed Oink. I like their schtick, the clarity of their vision, the simplicity of things. Theirs is a very commendable, sustainable model, one that others could and should be following to showcase our fabulous locally sourced ingredients. But is the food worthy of the adulation that's routinely heaped upon the place? Nah, not for me. The verdict on pulled pork is that I can take or leave it."
5	Do one thing, do it well.Love those places. Everyone has said what there is to be said. But I might also add that the street that this place is on is really cute! Made even cuter by the tasty (not-so-little) piggie in the window...
5	I try to avoid this place as often as possible, due to the fact that I work opposite Oink, and people would start making "oink" noises behind my back if I didn't.When I saw Oink take over the old leather goods shop, and heard how simple their formula would be I though this could be genius or disaster. After a couple of years on the street and selling out of pig everyday even on quiet January days, it's genius.So I now treat myself to the odd 'Grunter' (the large roll), with haggis and chilli relish. And it feels so good.*Anyone else thought how good it would be to stagger home after midnight and wish you could order a hog roll, shame they sell out by about 3-4pm*
5	PORK! PORK! PORK!If the Swedish chef was the Scottish chef I reckon he would be here and be yelling PORK! PORK! PORK! instead of BORK! BORK! BORK!I had the Grunter (tm) with haggis and crackling. omg it's a meat fiesta and a pig's butt is invited! bread perfect, pork oh-yes-please and a cut down pig in the window. What more do you want to know? :)PORK! PORK! PORK!
5	Oink if you're hungry! The delicious roast pork is some of the best I've ever had. The bread roll was soft and the savory haggis with chili relish was the perfect spread to compliment the pork. I had the middle-sized Oink roll, which was a good portion for lunch. When the man offers you the crispy crackling, don't turn him down. The crackling (crispy pork skin) was the best part! If you're a hog fan, Oink is a great place to stop by for a bite without hurting your wallet.
5	If you're reading this review and you haven't tried Oink, you NEED to take 30 minutes out of your day tomorrow and get down to this mecca of glutinous pork-flesh. -You need to order brown bread, medium size(oink), haggis and chilli sauce. -Ask for some crackling. -There isn't a great deal of seating inside so I recommend you walk down to the Grassmarket. -Find a park bench, preferably to yourself as you'll want to lie spread-eagle for a while once you're done. -Assess your surroundings, because if you attack this glorious takeaway feast anything like me, that is, something similar to a feeding scene from Jurassic Park, you should probably wait for any nearby children to leave. -Take a deep breath    AND ENJOY!If you're a red-blooded carnivore, you'll surely enjoy. I hope you enjoy. Please enjoy! I love this place and if YOU, dear reader, don't like this place, I don't think we have very similar tastes and my reviews are probably wasted on you. Exceptions for vegans/vegetarians.Life-pro-tip: Probably not a good idea to go swimming for a day or two after eating at Oink. Actually, you probably shouldn't attempt ANY vigorous activity, because this place is like taking a delicious meaty headbutt to the stomach.
5	Pig - CheckMassive - CheckStuffing/applesauce - CheckLess than a fiver - SERIOUSLY Amazing.That is all. Get some pig in you.
5	I come from a land (North Carolina) where pig is king, and few versions of roasted pork can compete with my good ole Eastern NC-style barbecue.Oink can.Try walking by the massive, chopped pig with head on in the window and NOT stopping to salivate. Just try it.This sandwich is hands down the best in Edinburgh. Order whatever size you think you can handle with the haggis stuffing and apple sauce. Your mouth will come alive like Lazarus being raised from the dead. As a self-professed roasted, chopped pig aficionado, I can guarantee Oink will be one of the best, if not the best, pork sandwiches you will EVER eat. Let us all pray that they never move from their delightful Victoria Street storefront, unless it is to open up delicious franchises all across the country.
5	I live in a small Tennessee town near Nashville.  The most prominent restaurant in our small town is a BBQ joint that cooks whole hogs on the weekend.  So it was a little strange to walk around Edinburgh and see (a much smaller) whole hog in the window at Oink.Strange but tasty.This was a little different than the whole hog that I'm used to in Middle Tennessee, but it was excellent.  Really liked the piece of crackling on the sandwich - that was a really interesting texture on top of the pork.Friendly staff, sell what you cooked and then that's it.  Just another great spot in Edinburgh.
5	Awesome, awesome. True Farm to market - the owner is the farmer and the pigs are his pigs. The meat is fresh and tasty - get it with the haggis, chili sauce and apple sauce. Ask for extra sauce. Great flavor, quick service, and super affordable for lunch. One of the best lunches I had in Scotland.
5	Oinktastic.This is some seriously fucking tasty pulled pork. The roasted pig in the front window is no gimmick - that's the actual porker they started roasting that morning - and when it's consumed that's it for the day. That's BBQ at it's purest!The portions are ample, but unless you're not very hungry I'd still recommend ordering at least the "Oink" size. The "Piglet", while adorable, really isn't enough meat for any self-respecting carnivore.I tried the brown roll, sage and onion stuffing and chili relish on my first try, and I have to say it was heaven. My next visit will probably involve haggis and some crackling, so I'll report back then.
5	It isn't everyday you come across a whole roast pig. That is unless you are in Spain or France. Both countries notorious for their love of pork and roasting the piggies in their entirety. I was immediately drawn to this place. A decade ago I probably would've thought it barbaric to see such a sight, but now with two Pollan books under my belt I feel better about actually seeing the pig that I am about to eat Of course the next step according to M.Pollan would be to go out and kill it myself. Well, we just haven't reached that level yet. But I like that instead of seeing dissected pieces of meat in no way resembling a pig, we actually see what we are eating. It's much more of an organic experience, one step closer to nature. Yes, I do realise I am getting very philosophical. This is something that tends to happen quite often.They were out of the brown buns so we had the white. The buns are the traditional scottish rolls that I have come to love. In total you are entitled to 4 choices here. 1. The size of your roll. 2. Whether or not said roll is white or brown 3. The filling: sage & onion stuffing or haggis 4.  Lastly the sauce, apple sauce or chilli sauce.     Thats it.To many, that may not seem like enough choices. As consumers nowadays we love to have millions of options. Yet, I have come to understand that when a place has less choice, this means they get to concentrate on obtaining excellent quality ingredients. That is exactly what has happened here. Because this place only offers one sandwich they have perfected it. Another plus is that they have root beer in the fridge.
3	This place is a great way to try haggis if you are a tourist because the cover it with delicious apple chutney and pulled pork.  Seeing the poor pig I was about to eat in the window was a bit of a downer, obviously not enough of a downer that I didn't eat my sandwich like I was a pig myself.If haggis isn't your bag they also have stuffing.A great quick meal in the middle of the city.
5	the pork tasted so good with the apple sauce!
5	Grunter. Haggis. Chilli relish if I'm feeling a bit randy.Napkin, Fork, Foil. Damn. Life's. Good.
5	If pigs could fly they'd all taste like this.  Since they don't you'll have to visit Oink to try heavenly roast pig here on earth.  There's only one thing on the menu: a roast pig roll.  If you're from USA like I am, you might think you'll miss the smoke flavor in what looks a bit like pulled pork. Trust me, you won't.  This whole pig is lovingly roasted for 12-14 hours and then carved into sandwiches, served on a soft white or wheat roll with either rosemary onion relish or haggis (trust me, get the haggis) and sweet chili sauce or apple sauce.  The haggis provides just the right level of earthiness to cut through the salty fat of the port.  And don't forget to ask for cracklin, a square of crispy skin cut with kitchen shears and placed on the roll.  Get there early as they make one hog a day, and they sell out.
5	Oh how I long to board a plane just to taste this again!! My bf and I walked past this place our first night in Edinburgh but it was closed. For the next three days we kept stopping by after closing =(Finally on our last day we made it. It seems they prepare one pig and when it's gone it's gone. And by that I mean there is a cooked pig in the window. Some are turned off by this sight. Do not be frightened by the pig he can't hurt you. We each had a sandwich with haggis and apple spread. Couldn't have asked for a better meal. Don't let the name or the ingredients give you the wrong idea, haggis is delicious! How I wish we had been able to eat here everyday.
4	Hog roast goodness. Nice stuffing.Nice apple sauce.Reasonably priced.Total win!
4	Walked past this place earlier on today and spotted the pulled pork and the head of a pig through the window. Hungry after the museum I treated myself to a sandwich here. The menu is very simple with only 2 size options, the pork is juicy and tender and the stuffing accompanied it perfectly. Sadly the bread isn't that great.
4	Definitely a great place to stop in for a unique sandwich when you are near Victoria Street and the Grassmarket. Obviously, I ordered the Grunter - the largest hog roast sandwich offered. The real dilemma came when choosing a base and a sauce. The server recommended the sage and onion layer, so I went with that. I asked that he put the apple and chili sauce in small cups so that I could try the sandwich sauceless, with the sweet apple sauce, and chili sauce.All three combinations were great. The sandwich was excellent on its own. The apple sauce added an interesting element of sweetness while the chili sauce added an element of tanginess. The most memorable part of the experience is seeing the hog in the storefront.
5	Here in Edinburgh on vacation and was checking out the Yelp Reviews.  Thank you all for your Oink recommendation.  Juicy and wonderful with the Spicy Cheese and Apple Sauce.  It dripped down my jacket but I didn't care.  Will go again tomorrow.  Thank you Yelpers.
4	Oink does one thing, and it does it really well. I had added this on my list of places to try in Edinburgh because the husband and I are both fans of the pig, and with all of the rave reviews, we figured we couldn't go wrong. And we were right! We stopped by for an early lunch after visiting Edinburgh castle, and Oink was everything we hoped it would be. Pink storefront and roasting pig in the window? Check! It doesn't get much fresher than that.There was only one person in front of us, and two people enjoying their sandwiches at a table near the door. Because it wasn't packed, the owner bantered with us for a few minutes and he was very friendly. We each ordered the medium sized option - mine with haggis, apple, and chili sauce on wheat, and my husband's with haggis and BBQ sauce on wheat. The owner also threw in a piece of crackling for my husband, which my husband loved. We grabbed a bottle of water, a handful of napkins, and were able to snag two of the seats indoors where we thoroughly enjoyed the porky goodness.It was a perfect, delicious lunch. We didn't spend much money and left full and happy. Until the next time, Oink!!
4	Did someone say Pig?Copious amounts of meat,never leave hungry!
5	Oink is one of those places that you walk past so many times, see a nice roasted pig in the window, smell the slow roasted meat from outside and say "mmmm I must try this" all the time. And once you try, expectations are met.The menu is very simple here: hog rolls. Small, medium or large. The choice of fillings and sauces is minimal. Less is More.All in all it's excellent takeaway food, certainly not any healthier than the local chippy and definitely not for veggies, but it's tasty and there's no way the smell and the roast in the window can't make you hungry if you walk past the shop.
5	What was my most memorable moment of my 10 day UK trip?  My first bite into Oink's "Grunter"!  No, not exaggerating, not really....  Ok ok, there are other really memorable moments in my trip, but I honest can say that if I have to list my top 10 most memorable moments, Oink would be somewhere on top.  If I am to list my BEST meal in this UK trip, Oink is DEFINITELY on the tippy top.It's that good.  It really is.... Hubbo and I first shared a "grunter', their largest size sandwich.  We picked their spicy chili cheese sauce and haggis with lots of cracklins.  After my first bite, I told him to get his own...  I polished off the grunter and got up and bought a t-shirt and another grunter to take with me.The store clerk asked where we were from.  "Jacksonville, northeast FL", I replied.  He was surprised and said he thought we would have plenty of BBQ pork places like Oink.  Yeah, not like this.... roasted whole hog stuffed with herbs with crispy skin and haggis?  Nope, definitely not.The next day, we returned and bought three more grunters and asked the store clerk to 'package them well cause they are traveling'!  Yep, we took them on the train with us as we were leaving Edinburgh.
5	A delicious roast pig with stuffing on a bap (which is a roll of bread, of course I didn't know what a bap was, but I do now) was perfect after a long walk through Edinburgh Castle. Super close too, just walk around a corner or take a shortcut down some slightly creepy but totally safe stairs, and you'll see it. Keep your eyes peeled for the bright PINK sign. Yummy pork goodness! You can't beat the price. There are a few seats inside, but if you're in a large group then its more of a take-out spot.
3	Ooooh 3 stars, controversial.So, I've been hearing about how Oink is the best place to get a quick bite in Edinburgh for aaaaaaaages.  People are enamoured with the pig in the window, the crackling, the sauces.FINALLY, after a day of Christmas shopping, I had my chance to get me some Oink.  The space itself isn't the most attractive or welcoming, and I briefly attempted small chat with the two workers but quickly discovered that they pretty much wanted to fill my roll and be done with me.  I got my roll with haggis and a chili relish and while it was tasty and juicy, I appreciated the chili relish for the zing it added as without it, the roll would have been pretty bland.  I was given and saw no napkins, so felt that I'd rather made a mess of myself as well.  All in all, a rather disappointing experience.  Yes it filled my stomach and yes it tasted nice, but after all of the buildup, I was left unconvinced.
4	Just had an oink (a sandwhich) this afternoon. The place keeps the menu simple with only a few items to choose from but those few items sure do taste good. Pick a roll, pick a sauce, put some hog on there and your out the door in under 2 minutes! Definitely try it out!
4	Delicious. Despite the rain, wind and frozen toes I had to try Oink after reading the reviews. I passed by on my way from the castle. They only make one thing here, pork sandwiches. They come in 3 sizes, I ordered the "medium" sized grunter sandwich. Then choose your bread (cold, not so yummy). I decided to have the haggis for good measure and the seasonal Christmas sauce. (You can choose between a few varieties). I made sure to request a bit of cracklin, yummy. Do not miss this place if you like pork. Very limited seating though.
5	I don't know how best to describe this place...... The only thing I can say is that I feel sad that I will never taste a better sandwich EVER!!!
2	Soft pork sandwiches in white bread is the only available order in this little themed lunch place. Well, you can choose what size sandwich and between white and even-whiter bread. This has all the building blocks of a truly mouthwatering, divine, porkalicious mouth extravaganza... But alas! the pork just isn't that good. The sour elements flat. The bread from plastic bags. I've had five star pork sandwiches, that I drive 45mins for. This is not it and you end up regretting not getting something else instead. Super nice service, though.
5	Please come here. Drop whatever you're doing, bring cash (it's all they take), and come with an empty stomach. The pork rolls here will make you weep with joy and the rest of your day will pale in comparison to the porky perfection. Aside from cash only, just know that it gets a little busy at Oink and there's only a counter and one table. But it's totally worth doing takeaway.
4	Amazing! Big serves and so tasty! The meat is divine and the stuffing was simply awesome. And they had Australian Bundaberg ginger beer! Mmmm...Definitely recommended as a cheap, tasty and quick meal next time you are in Edinburgh.
5	Oink! completely redefines the quality standards that you should expect from a fast food restaurant. The hog rolls are absolutely delicious cooked with quality fresh ingredients that will leave you craving for more. Located just around the corner from the Grassmarket area it is a mandatory stop in Edinburgh. Because it delivers in style everything that it sets itself to, it gets 5 stars. Probably the best fast food I have ever tried.
2	It's not what I expected. The meat didn't taste that good and the guy who served me smashed the roasted hog and the apple sauce into my roll as if he hates food like this. Will never come back!
5	hmmmmmmmm.....Pork.....Drool..... This is some of the best pulled pork I have ever had better then some of the mom and pop soul food places in the bible belt of north america. I recommend all of it, but if you want something different try a sandwich with some fried pork skin on top with the haggis and spicy sauce. Its messy and rather large portion but it is the Best in the city. For you folks from America especially down South, if you like your soul food stop in here, say Hi , and order one of these tasty sandwiches . I promise you wont be disappointed but be warned, get in early because ,I kid you not, the Que ( or "Line"as we Americans call it ) will stretch out the door down and around the block its that popular.
4	I had my first Oink yesterday at the new Canongate location. What a simple, wonderful treat it was. I had the pork on wheat roll with sage/onion, apple sauce and BBQ sauce while the boy had white roll, haggis and BBQ sauce. He said it was the best sandwich he'd ever had.
4	Good, cheap, fast, and a bit messy eat for a quick lunch. The pork is very tender served piping hot with soft hot buns. Definitely recommend stopping by at some point if you're in Edinburgh for the festival.
4	Incredibly friendly service and deliciously tender roast pig. We are not too familiar with haggis but they offered us a taste and it actually was quite good. We tried our sandwiches with the chili cheese sauce and it hit the spot. There is not much seating inside and it is cash only.
5	Wow -- pulled pork sandwiches! Get it with haggis on top! The roasted pig carcass in the window is super tantalizing. This place is fast food done right. In fact, it's the best fast food in the world. They will get you sorted with fresh pig meat in between two buns and a good topping faster than you can sneeze.
2	As tasty as the piggy looks from the outside, I wasn't too impressed with my oink sandwich. I ordered mine with BBQ sauce and after taking the first bite, I found the meat to be dry. I quickly asked for more sauce. You know it can't be that good if I'm asking for more sauce to make it taste better. In addition to the dryness, the meat was room temperature. I guess this is how they're served, but I would've preferred mine to be hot. Other than my not so special sandwich, the shop is cute since it's on a lovely street just off The Royal Mile. The workers weren't particularly friendly, but nice enough to serve me my sandwich. Some people love it, I just wasn't a fan...
2	Disappointing. The pork was very soft and there was plenty to eat but it lacked in taste. A little more salt in the mix please!
3	Pig in the window and pulled pork flavor selection. Was nice and filled a gap but thought it would have been so much better. Always wanted to try it but every time we went it was either closed or a Q was out the door. They close once the whole pig is gone, shows how busy they get. Would try again.
3	Pretty good but they give you this food on a cheap flimsy morning roll which quickly falls apart in sogginess. Its not exactly cheap either (for local non tourists) which  makes me not want to go back because they are being too greedy for profit.Either make it cheaper or serve it on decent bread.
5	Walking through the streets of Edinburgh on our way to Holyrood, my new husband and I casually looked through a window to see a fully cooked pig, half of it's body pulled apart into glorious, tender looking pulled pork. Even though we had already eaten (an a stinky lunch at that), who can resist pork that looked as good as that? No one I tell you. No. One. There are a couple different size options, filling options, and sauce options. We had it twice in our trip and pretty much tried everything. I would suggest getting two small sammies, one with the sage stuffing and one with the haggis stuffing as both are great. There barbecue sauce is pretty darn amazing and the price is totally worth it. For a small place, they sure do a lot of business and that shows how good the food is. Definitely worth it to stop in, especially while wandering around Edinburgh!
4	This place doesn't have to do much to get you inside. There is a giant pig in the window with crunchy pieces just asking to be eaten!!! As I was drooling in the window people who were exiting told me I wouldn't regret it. It was great. Since my first experience I have eaten there 2 other times and gotten different variations of sauces and spreads. They are all good!! Also the price is great for the amount of food you get. Don't forget to ask for a crunchy piece!!
5	An Edinburgh institution... As I've been living abroad for the past while, I make it a priority to come here whenever I'm back in Edinburgh. It's a fabulous wee place that does what it's good at, and when I say good, I mean expertly skilled.I have to say that I'm not very adventurous, and always, without doubt, go for stuffing and apple sauce combo, which to me is perfect, but I've been reliably informed that the other combinations are all winners. But get there early during the Fringe, the queue that snakes along Victoria Street starts early and before you know it the whole pig is gone!
4	This review is specifically for those that (don't shoot me!) simply don't LOVE these type of sandwiches... I think they are OK, but tend to feel a bit let down in most instances.  (To be fair, I think I've ruined my taste buds with hot sauce and chillis over the years.)  I've actually been past a few times and wanted to pop in, but it was always after they had run out... while normally this irritates me, the potential for irregular hours, I get it at this place... as others have mentioned, whole pig in the window is what they do, when it's gone it's gone for the day.I was really hoping that Oink would change my mind for these type of sandwiches, it looked fantastic, even though I creep myself out thinking "that crispy skin looks tasty", but it is what it is, and I've heard many good things about the place.I had the medium sized sandwich with haggis and the spicy cheese sauce... while good, and definitely on par with similar places, it still didn't rock my world.  (Trust me, I feel terribly bad about this... I spend time pondering what must be wrong with me... I mean, it looks fantastic, is perfect on paper, and everyone else loves it... so what gives?)  I was really hoping the haggis and spicy cheese sauce would jazz it up, but it still just fell a bit flat for me personally.All of that said, I can definitely see why people like it and the prices are great for where it is so I feel anything less than four stars would be unfair in this instance... but, if you happen to be the other 1 in 1,000,000 that doesn't love plain(ish) pulled pork sandwiches, then I'm not 100% certain that this place would change your mind.
4	Well ...........................Oinky goodess in a bap!!!I went here a good few months ago, and I loved it !! How pllued pork has taken off and it is soo tasty. This little place is great for meat craving. We got a pulled pork roll with stuffing and we managed to grab a little seat next to the window and chomp chomp. Its not the fancied of places, infact id say that its more of a takeaway, grab and go styleee. Definatley worth trying and great value for money.
4	Stop by for a snack midday and you'll be quite satisfied with a tasty pork sandwich. Definitely recommend the onion stuffing and BBQ sauce on the sandwich. Well worth the few pounds but probably not a proper lunch spot
5	Yum! I took my brother here while he was visiting as I'd never been and had seen the rave reviews on Yelp. Man oh man, it was so tasty! For less the a fiver you get a good sized roll with heaps of meat on it. You can choose from a white or whole wheat bun, one spread and one sauce. You can get either haggis or apples and then bbq sauce or a gravy I think. Either way, anything they offer is a tasty addition.I opted for the haggis as I hadn't really tried it properly yet here and it added a nice flavour with the deliciously, well-cooked meat. I am not normally a pork eater, but on this occasion it was totally necessary as it was a delicious and different eat. We took it away and ate it in the park off Grassmarket, to bask in the sun and stuff our wee faces. It is a very tasty option and doesn't feel too gluttonous, as you can order a kid sized roll to feel less like a carnivore. Although for the price, go big or go home I say. Well worth a visit to this place for a roast/BBQ lunch in hand.
5	Loved this place! They do one thing, and they do it very well.  The whole family loved their pork sandwiches.  The service was very friendly.  So happy to have found Oink on our vacation.
5	I'm always up for meat off of a whole hog! We were just walking by after a visit to the castle and couldn't resist giving it a try!  We got the large pork on white with the onion sage stuffing and BBQ. We went and found a bench on Grass Market and the sandwich  was perfect for sharing. The only thing we would have done different is we would have asked for extra BBQ sauce. Other than that it was fantastic! It really hit the spot!
5	Hog roasts always make me think of weekend food markets and first time seeing a shop dedicated to this goodness.  We were up in Edinburgh for the fringe festival and there are so many choices for fast and on the go food to maximise your time at shows and this is definitely the place to hit up.  My Yelp app is definitely my fave travel companion!  My bf and I decided to share the larger sandwich on a white bun with stuffing and mild chili sauce.  It was oinktastic!  It would be dangerous if there was a place like this in London 'cuz I would probably go there weekly.  I'll definitely be back when I am next in Edinburgh.
5	There may be no better spot in the world, thank Oink.For pork.But do you really need more than pork? Really.Ok, maybe. But it's pretty good and it's pretty damn good here. Perfect actually.They do one thing, and one thing well. A pork sandwich. Choose your side: Piglet (small), Oink (medium) or Grunter (large)I. Choose what makes up your sandwich (stuffing or haggis? BBQ or apple sauce? These are the tough choices of life.) Get a soda (they even have rootbeer). Enjoy.t's a tiny shop with limited seating, but my god, what a sandwich. Eat, enjoy, come back and do it all over again.
4	Convenient and small looking place for a quick bite. Come in hungry and leave satisfied. Great place for meat lovers. Highly recommended if your walking around Edinburg castle.
4	I came on a business trip to Edinburgh. I found it on Yelp and I was intrigued. I ordered the oink with haggis and the mild chili and loved it. Be sure to get the cracklin, as well on your sandwich. Great place for a quick bite while sightseeing near the castle.
4	Great little place. Perfect for a quick on the move lunch. The hog was very tasty, generous serving in a white role with haggis and apple sauce, which were very nice with a scottish touch.  The display of the Hog in the window adds to the experience :) I always get a hog roll from here when ever I pass by, even when I am not hungry. Enjoy
5	This place is so simple yet very complex. The pig: Raised on their farm where they breed them. They come from a specific gene line that ensures quality (yes not all pigs are the same in taste). Their oven is custom made and fits up to 20 pigs which are monitored the entire time they're cooked (12 hours). These guys sling up to 1500 sandwiches a day during busy festivals. They also cater large parties and weddings. BBQ sauce was added a few years ago mostly due to the demands of Uhmerricins. Before then they were so proud of the product they wouldn't allow it. The guy behind the counter (round salt n peppa head) explained it all to me at the end of a long day. His buddy (ginger) was nice and helpful as well. True gentlemen.The pork was amazing. THE BEST I have EVER HAD. I couldn't decide between the options so I had half haggis stuffing and half onion stuffing with half tomato relish and half applesauce on mine. I left uber excited.
5	Who can resist this place?!! Pulled pork and haggis - a roll for champions, throw on some pork crackling and you have what could be the tastiest lunch money can buy in Edinburgh.*tip of the day - instead of ordering a roll ask for the pulled pork in a tub - you get more bang for your buck! - and I mean lets be honest - the roll just slows you down!!If you haven't been - GO!
5	Went back for the first time in over a year. I believe they introduced BBQ sauce. Go pulled pork! All the way! :)
2	Not the same experience as others here. She asked "What size?". I said " medium please". Was never offered stuffing or apple sauce but when I asked, 2 seconds later, I was told "it was too late since I should have stated it up front." Thanks for that!Pork was a bit bland and the cheap white bun went soggy. Apart from that, some decent stodge but nothing more.
1	Visited Oink while living in Scotland a couple years back and to this day I am still upset at how I was treated.  We ordered their delicious sandwiches - but my cousin asked for extra sauce because her sandwich was a little dry for her taste - she even offered to pay before finishing her sentence. The manager (or owner) was so upset by this - she said "you Americans - always wanting more" and then went on a rant about how entitled we are.  We were stunned.  I told her that was an incredibly rude thing to say and she said we weren't welcome back. By far the most awful dining experience I'v ever had. I called later and asked to have my complaint to management addressed - never happened (which is why I assume the person who helped was a manager). Business does not care about their customers.  Disappointing to this day.
4	Good food, come here with friends who like meat. I like cakes instead.
2	Visual of the whole roasted pig draws you to this place.  Expecting an above average to stellar pulled pork was implied given their simple yet fun menu.  The pork was good, but methinks a bit too salted with the crackling and haggis. Darn, shoula woulda gotten the applesauce to mellow it with some sweetness..but thought it a bit overboard w/ toppings.  It was good enough for my lunch/snack(?) but nothing beyond the norm.  It wasn't great, just simple straightforward good- enough. Would not mind trying another, next time with a fun mix of different toppings.  Its a fun joint for a hearty, on- the-go bite but not necessarily my first or second choice.  All in all, not bad.
5	BEST pulled pork I've ever had in my life. If you're in Edinburgh, you have to go here!! Great place to go if you're looking to try haggis as well. I thought it added a lot to the pulled pork sandwich and was delicious!
5	We were heading to collect our torches for the torch parade - with only minutes left on our parking meter.  We were speed walking up Victoria street and caught a glimpse of Oink.  It was after 3pm. There was a line.  There didn't appear to  be much left.  It only took a second to hatch a brilliant plan:  I would go for the torches while my husband would get in the line a grab a couple of pulled pork rolls.  It wouldn't take any extra time and we could still get back to the car before the hi-vis clad parking attendants pounced.the outcome???I grabbed the torches and jogged back to Oink.  Just as I neared Oink I saw them putting a 'Sold Out' sign on the door.  I looked around and couldn't find my other half.  Was he successful?  Did he get some rolls?  Ahh....there he was, coming up the road and what did I see?  2 foil wrapped rolls in his hands.  Success!  We made a bee-line back to the car  where we were able to take a few minutes and tuck into our little parcels of delight.  These really are the best pulled pork rolls I've ever had.  The meat is soooooo tender. It's 'pulled' but not too stringy - there are big, flaky chunks to sink your teeth in.  And the juices are savory, delicate, and compliment the meat perfectly.  You can get bbq sauce on top but I prefer au naturale.  In fact, I don't like it when some places cook the pork in a barbecue sauce - too over powering for me.  A brown roll and a little applesauce were my perfect combination.  Pictures?  Not this time.  They didn't last long enough!  But don't worry - we'll be back!!
5	My second time in Edinburgh and my second delicious oink.  This place has a queue down the street for a reason and I'm jealous of the people that get to eat here regularly.  A definite must if you've not been before!!! Cash only.
3	Very close to the Edinburgh castle, ~5mins walk.It was a good value for the price but the meat was kind of bland and more seasoning would really help.
