4	Not sure how to rate these guys... since I DID NOT TAKE PAPILLION to the Grand Canyon.  I didn't go on this tour but I did take the tour with Heli that goes to a "Cowboy Ranch" Just west of the rim of the Grand Canyon.  Heli does fly below the rim but they do not land on the Canyon floor.  I was told that Papillion DOES land inside the Grand Canyon -- hence my mentioning this in a review on here.  Apparently helicopters were banned a while back from going below the rim when the Giant Condor became extinct from the Canyon.  Since then the Government has placed restrictions on flight into this national park by helicopter. Papillion apparently has some agreement with a local Indian tribe to the tune of a cool $$$$$ per year to land on the floor in the Canyon.**If you want to learn about the wild west and have a cooked lunch and fly through the Canyon try the Heli tour.  ***If you want to fly through and land on the Canyon floor then you might want to try going with Papillion.Either way I still think these are very touristy and if you like cheese you may get lots of it.  Still a great way to have a short trip past the Hoover Dam, over Lake Meade, and through the Grand Canyon without driving for hours and hours and hours...Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 1Strong Suggestions: If you go on this write a review here for everyone.
5	This was a totally fun experience - but if you go, you have to ask for Ryan as your pilot. And sit in the front, if you can. Champagne and a picnic in the canyon, great narration of your surroundings to and from. Was very cool. Would definitely do again. If you take a later flight, you'll catch all the lights coming back into the city - pretty romantic!...wanted to add that if you go in the summer, though, its so hot (both in the copter and in the canyon) you might not enjoy yourself. Try to catch an evening flight, if you can, May - August.
5	Thanks Megan C for the inside scoop on helicopters and the Grand Canyon.CF- I think my pilot was way hotter.Hot boys and politics aside, Papillon provided excellence in bringing tourists to the Grand Canyon. The van that picked us up from the hotel was prompt and comfortable. The staff at check in was efficient. There also was a Filipino driver who provided free entertainment. He claimed he was transported to the U.S. through volcanic eruption. It may sound confusing but anyone who experiences old people Filipino humor would find it hilarious. We waited a bit for our helicopter ride but the wait was well worth it. Our pilot was HOT! and very knowledgeable. He gave us a clear tour of the Grand Canyon, answered all of our questions, and enlightened us on what it takes to be a pilot and all the cool opportunities that come with it. Talk about a sexy job. We landed in the Canyon, were able to take some pics, had a picnic lunch, and toasted with champagne. Now I can say I've had champagne in the Canyon. Overall, Papillon does a great job of showing tourists Lake Mead, Boulder City, the Colorado River, and the Grand Canyon all in 3 hours. The ride was very safe and smooth. I highly recommend a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon.To echo Megan C:Date Rating: 8 + 2 = 10!
3	This review relates to the Grand Canyon trip that leaves from LV.First the good:  If you do this, spend the extra hundred bucks and do the "first class" trip, which means you leave from LV airport rather than drive to Boulder City, you get picked up from your hotel in a limo (sans wet bar), you're taken to a nice terminal, you get a better helicopter, and you get fed and champagne at the floor of the canyon.  You also get a flyover of LV and The Strip which is great. You get none of that with the Boulder City departure.The people running the show are professional and friendly, from the driver to the person who checks you in (get ready to go on the scale), to the pilot, and you get the sense that safety is paramount.You circle around Hoover Dam, travel over Lake Mead, the desert, then hit the Grand Canyon.Here's the bad:  Due to the proximity to LV, you visit the western part of the Grand Canyon, which does not hold a candle to seeing the "real" Grand Canyon, which is approximately 100 miles futher east.  The western part of the Grand Canyon is only about 2 miles across, while the "real" Grand Canyon in the National Park is about 12 miles across (more magnificent by a factor of at least 10x).The "real" Grand Canyon is a true wonder of nature and mindblowing.  The western part of the Grand Canyon, while nice, is just a pretty canyon.  I was VERY disappointed, since I've seen the "real" Grand Canyon (south rim, up US 180 from Flagstaff, AZ) and this wasn't even close.  I felt sorry for the people in my party who never saw the Grand Canyon before and were probably underwhelmed. I actually enjoyed the non-Grand Canyon parts of the trip better, such as flying over Indian land, to the desert, to Lake Mead, back to LV.
4	Flew out of Boulder. The trip was great, what they don't tell you is 2 1/2 hours of the 4 are spent on a shuttle being picked up and dropped. If you have a car my advice is to drive yourself there.
4	i've done both the canyon tour and the strip tour and enjoyed both trips.  The strip tour is a short trip (10 minutes) for those who wants to ride a helicopter. The online special was a good price ~$60/adult & $30/child so I took my son who was enthralled the entire trip. The grand canyon trip was interesting though I wouldn't want to do it again.
5	I was always somewhat scared of flying in a Helicopter but the moment we took off for a champagne lunch in the canyons I was hooked. One of the most memorable vacation or days in my life. Awesome. It helps to tip the pilot so we can sit up front hehe but it was worth it.
1	I had an awful experience with this company.  We were planning on scattering the ashes of my sister's late husband (he died at age 38 to kidney cancer in sept) at the grand canyon and arranged for the "Grand Celebration Sunset Strip" tour.  Our trip to Las Vegas was centered around this event.  She flew from St. Louis in order to do this, I flew from San Diego.  We spent close to $700 for this tour.We had a 1:10 pick up time from our hotel.  At 1:16pm I called the tour company to see where the driver was.  "On his way" they told me.  At 1:30pm I called the company again to tell them our driver still had not shown up.  They got transportation on the line and said he would be there in a couple of minutes.  Great, we were relieved.  The driver shows up and drives us to the McCarran Terminal, so we were under the impression that everything was fine.  We walk in, and the lady on the front desk is on her cell phone, she tells us to sit down, we still are under the impression that everything is fine.  After about another 15 minutes, and also after watching twenty other people board their helicopter,  she tells us that because their driver was late we would not be going.That's right..... because THEIR driver was late we would not be going.I told her that we had called the reservation line and inquired about our driver twice.  We could have taken a cab if we knew this meant we were going to miss our flight.  She said that that their reservation line goes to their Boulder City location, and not their McCarran location.  Noone told her that we will still coming, so when she submitted her flight manifest she did not submit one for our helicopter.  We asked her why the driver was late, and she told us that he didn't run his report so he didn't know he had someone to pick up.As you can see this company has some serious operational issues.  They hire negligant drivers who "forget to run their reports".  And there is no communication from their reservation line (that operates in Boulder) with McCarran.  This is a company that flies helicopters.  Are you sure you want to entrust your life with them?  We explained to the lady that our trip to Vegas was centered around this event.  She offered us nothing and then told us "Well I guess we can give you a refund.".....  I Guess???  We asked if we could speak to the manager, she told us that the manager does not work on Sunday.Again, do you want to entrust your life to a company that doesn't even have an accessible manager?My sister was absolutely devastated at this moment.  We asked for a refund and she told us that we would be refunded in about 3-5 business days.   I told her given the circumstances, that seems a bit unreasonable, we would like to try to see if would could hire another tour company and would need the money to do it.  She offered to call the closest helicopter tour to see if they had any available flights (this is the first sign of customer service that I had seen during this whole awful experience, I had a glimmer of hope that something was going to work out), but because it had taken them so long to even notify us that there was a problem, there were no flights left there either.  She claimed there was nothing she could do, and continued to refuse to call her manager, because it was the manager's day off of work.  It is now two days later, and I still do not have my money back.We were really upset at this moment. We tried to think what else we could do and were discussing options.  While we were doing this, the lady at the desk got on the phone.  She hung up the phone (I am guessing she finally decided to call her M.I.A. manager and explain the situation) and then offered to comp us a free ride over the Strip (this is a $100 trip, our trip was $700--do they really think that would even begin to make up for this?).  At this point because this company was run so poorly and also because her suggestion was not going to help us with scattering the ashes, we declined and asked if we could just be brought back to our hotel.  I made a final request that she please not put us in the same car with the driver that has caused all of these problems.  She stared at me blankly as if she didn't understand why this would be an issue.  I told her, I didn't care if we had to take a taxi (and not their limo service), but that there was no way we could drive back with the absent minded driver who forgets to do his job.    She told us that she didn't think that there were any other drivers available.  At this point I told her she needs to verify this.  She called and found out there was someone who could drive us back.  When we arrived at the hotel the driver pulled up to the valet, we waited for him to open our door to let us out.  He stepped out of the car, and then got back in and began to drive off. We yelled at him "Hey! We are still back here"  he slammed on the breaks and we immediately exitted the limo.
4	Despite the extra driving hours, I chose to take the South Rim tour instead of the West Rim tour. Knowing that this would take me to some of the most stunning vistas of the Grand Canyon within the national park. I was collected, on time, from the hotel on the strip and after a quick coffee and danish we hit the road. Stopping to experience the wonder that is the Hoover Dam we powered on to the Canyon. Our driver was chatty, knowledgable and fun. Always a bonus for a bus trip. The bus was a flash new double decker number which safely carted us out and home again. One of the bonus features of the South Rim tour is the opportunity to be out on the rim at sunset. Some of themost stunning scenery in America back dropped by the colours of the setting sun. Be sure to pack a coat if you're going in the later months of the year. Despite the fine warm weather in Vegas, the wind was biting at the canyon and when the sun set the temperature dropped considerabley. There is plenty of opportunity to enjoy the sites and wander the area both at Bright Angel Point and Mathers Points. As well as take in the IMAX movie, hop a helicopter ride, grab some lunch and shop for souvenirs. I won't lie, it eas a long day; collection at 06:00am and drop off at 21:45pm, and a lot of that is driving time. It's well worth it though. Out through the desert, the Hoover Dam and some of the most stunning and incredible views of month natures wonderous Grand Canyon. There are LOTS of options when it comes to heading out to the canyon. If you are time limited though and want to make the most of the day then I can recommend Papillon as a great option.
3	Shuttle from hotel on the strip to the helicopters. 45 min, not bad, they showed 50 first dates to humor us. The fun part was getting on the helicopter and flying to the grand canyon. There's Hoover Dam, no transformers there, there's lake mead, its man made, there's a town that doesn't allow gambling. here's the grand canyon. now you go on a short boat ride. Mind you we're in the dessert and the porta pottys haven't been cleaned in ages! eek!Back onto the chopper, fly somewhere else. Not sure where, but another tour guide drove us to the skywalk where we walked on the bridge made of glass and you can stare straight down. not for those who have a fear of heights, you get a free picture at eagle's point. they totally jack you at the skywalk. u can't bring in anything, no cameras, no cell phones, nothing, and yes you walk through a metal detector.the skywalk was near a native american reservation of sorts, they were performing in their traditional garb, then another bus took us to another reservation where we ate lunch and took more pictures of the grand canyon. then back onto the bus to the helicopter and back across the grand canyon and back to the landing pad.Mind you we opted for the express tour, and people can literally spend hours upon hours at the grand canyon. Our pilot was friendly and upbeat. Even though we lost 2 German ladies from our group. The views were amazing. The express tour is better, you're being flown to and from and that takes about half an hour, and you get to take a ton of pictures in the meantime.
4	Helicopter rides are expensive, but it was the best part of the trip.  We drove out to the west rim since it's a much shorter drive from Las Vegas. (If you have the time, do the South rim...you can't even compare the two)This was really the only thing worth paying for at the West rim since you get to take a helicopter down to the canyon floor.  You then hop a short boat ride which is kind of cheesy, but you get to take photos from below which provides a great different perspective on the canyon.  Everything else at the West rim is like a money making scheme as they aren't as cool as they make it out to be.  If you can go to the south rim, do it...if you have to settle for the west rim like we did...do the helicopters. it'll make the trip more worthwhile than if you just do the regular west rim viewing.
2	We were picked up right at the Wynn on time and took a 40 minute ride out to the airport in Boulder City.We waited for a long long time in the airport where other people came in and got on planes in a much shorter time. We had to wait 75 minutes before boarding. It would have been nice to board earlier.The actual flight was just alright. I wasn't incredibly impressed with the formations. I've heard other parts of the GC are better.There was a pre-recorded guide that was just alright. Nothing special. I'd say either spend more money for the actual helicopter not the airplane, or just use the money for a show on the Strip.
3	We originally scheduled to leave for our ride over the Grand Canyon at 11am but it got delayed a couple hours because Obama was in town and I guess planes can't be flying if Obama is gonna be too. We were picked up at MGM on time and went on a 40min shuttle bus ride out to their airport. Once there it was another 30-40min wait before we got to go on the plane.  It wouuld have been nice if during the wait they would tell us how long of a wait it was going to be just so we know what to expect.  I guess they just want people to wander around their gift shop more. The inside of the plane was kind of small.  Wish they followed the video's advice and had the people assigned to sit in the front of the plane go in first.  i had seat 1c and it was hard to go through the narrow rows which was made even narrower with people sitting in the seats. I sat on the right side of the plane and my bf sat on the left side and so we had different views.  He was able to see the Hoover Dam which I couldn't really see from my seat and he told me I had a better view of the Grand Canyon.  The airplane ride was around 90min.  I guess this tour is a good option if you don't want to drive several hours to see the GC and we were able to get a discounted rate via Travelzoo.
1	Months have passed since this experience.  During the first month we had a lady named Faith who was the PR rep for this company contacting us.  She said that she was going to do what she could do in order to reach some type of closure on this.  Aside from getting a refund back, we have never heard anything back from them.  This company seems to have little customer service, and to this day we have yet to speak to a manager.
4	Wow this made the trip... good heli's and experienced pilots! What a view and lunch at the bottom of the canyon!!
4	We did Papillons Vegas Strip tour.  We did it for $69 a person for a 12 minute it ride.  Our hotel was a few blocks from the executive terminal.  We took up four adults and two children and our 22 month old sat on my lap buckled in.  All had head phones even the baby. Children 2 and under are free.  The lobby was really nice and quaint with a gift shop.  We all loved the flight for the experience.  Nice helicopter.  It was an incredible feeling and we weren't sure if the children could make  it all the way to the canyon and back.  That would have been a huge ticket price to gamble with.  We are definitely hooked to helicopter rides now and look forward to hunting down other good sites.  Hawaii here we come.
5	Expect to splurge on this, but it is worth EVERY penny!We did a helicopter ride to the Grand Canyon.  Whole experience takes half of a day.  A van will pick you up at your hotel (and make stops at other hotels along the way) and then there is a 45 minute -1 hour ride to the airport.  They have you watch a short safety video and then you head out.The actual flight is amazing and there are great views of the Grand Canyon.  The pilot was friendly and gave a short narrative/tour on the flight.  We landed in the Canyon at their own landing site and the pilot served us a light snack and champagne.  Great alternative to spending the whole day driving to the Canyon/Hoover Dam from Vegas!
4	While in Vegas for Valentine's Day, my fiancee and I decided to book a helicopter flight to the Grand Canyon at the last minute.  I was impresses that Papillon had seats available only a few hours later that morning. We decided to choose the Celebration tour which includes flying by helicopter into the Grand Canyon and landing at the bottom with a champagne lunch.  The price was around $350 per person.They picked us up at our hotel on time in a nice motorcoach.  We had to pick up several more passengers, but soon we were on our way to Boulder, the company's helicopter airport. Once there, you watch a safety video and then shortly take off with 5 or 6 passengers plus the pilot.  Our pilot was great.  He told us about everything we were seeing and even cracked a few jokes along the way.  I was impressed that everyone seemed to have a good view since the back seats were a little raised like stadium seating.  On the flight, we circled Hoover Dam, flew over Lake Mead, and saw several non-active volcanoes.  However, nothing you see in the beginning of the trip compares to the sight of the Grand Canyon. It was truly an amazing experience to get so close to the Canyon first in the helicopter, and then on foot once we landed.  I only had a few negatives that caused the 4 stars...1. The champagne lunch was pretty weak considering how much we all paid per person.  I was expecting a little more than a very small turkey sandwich and a bag of chips.  2. I was not expecting the West Rim of the Grand Canyon to be so different from the South Rim.  Apparently you can't do this type of flight into the South Rim, but I think the South Rim is a much more majestic sight because the cliffs are so steep and much further apart.  The West Rim is much more subdued.  Still incredible, but not what I was expecting.  Overall, it was a beautiful and memorable way to spend the day while visiting Las Vegas.  Definitely worth the time and the money. :)
5	I surprised my boyfriend with this helicopter ride as his birthday gift, but I think we enjoyed it equally! It was so fun and exciting, especially since neither of us had been in a helicopter before! We took the daytime tour of the strip and our pilot was really nice. He even took pictures with us after our ride! Great experience! Loved it!
5	Tour date: Saturday 7/02/2011.The tour we booked is called Grand Voyager Expedition which included an airplane ride to the Grand Canyon West, 4,000 ft helicopter descent, then a 20 min boat cruise on the Colorado River.We originally booked a Grand Canyon tour with another company flying out of LAS on a helicopter but it got cancelled the day prior because the Vice President came into town the day of, therefore all flights in and out of LAS were restricted. After searching and reading reviews, we went with Papillon, which takes off from Boulder City, which means no flight restrictions.In the wee early hours we got picked up in a van from our hotel along with a few others, picked up a few more along the way, dropped off at a motorcoach and was driven out to Boulder City, 30 min southeast of LAS. At Papillon's private air tour terminal, everybody got in line to check in and was placed into the proper tour.The airplane ride to Grand Canyon West was scenic but a little scary for me because I have never been in a plane that seats only about 20. Thankfully the weather was cooperating and the wind the light.The helicopter descent was great because 1) I got to be in a helicopter and 2) we got to see the sides of the canyon. The helicopter holds 7 passengers and the pilot. The view from the front passenger seat is the best, unfortunately, I got one of the back seats. The seats are assigned by weight so you can't sit wherever you want.The boat ride was short but gave the best view of the canyon. Motorcoaches run at interval to transport people from the air terminal to Eagle Point, where Skywalk is, to Guano Point, and back to the air terminal. If you plan on taking the same tour we did, I suggest you divide the rest of your time 60% at Eagle Point and 40% Guano Point. We stayed at Eagle Point and Skywalk way too long therefore had to rush through Guano Point or else risk missing the flight back to Boulder City.  I totally recommend this company and particularly our tour. A trip you won't soon forget.
4	Great experience.  I have to say it is worth the $$ although I have to say this was a gift so didn't have to spend on this.Drawbacks:  you have to take about a 40 minute ride from the Strip to Boulder City where the helicopters are but I think it is worth the trip.  They give you a champagne lunch and just being in the canyon via a helicopter does not compare to anything.  I hate to say it but you'll need to experience it for yourself.
5	It is the best experience. If you can get Katy you will have a great time, she is full of good stories, personable, and lands effortlessly.I learned after receiving my tour, I could have paid more  to leave directly from Vegas and although I am sure a great touring experience with other companies. I would not have had Katy--as it is rumored only a handful of tour companies allow women pilots. She was the best, the tour was spiritually beautiful and the heliport was worldclass.
5	Wow. I am still smiling and so giddy from this trip! Let me start by saying that everyone is very professional and friendly and their terminal is clean, classy and very welcoming. My love and I  were picked up in a limo (ooh, fancy huh?) from our hotel and taken to the terminal. I loved this, saves us the headache of getting a taxi or driving. We did the tour of the Grand Canyon (we didn't land) that took approximately 2 hours and on the way back, we flew over the strip.  Our helicopter held 6 people, my boyfriend and I were lucky enough to be able to sit up front w/ the pilot!  Everything was amazing! I highly recommend this to everyone who is visiting Las Vegas!  For all you guys out there looking for a special gift for that special lady in your life, this is it! it's such a different perspective of the strip and the Grand Canyon!  The views are breathtaking! Our pilot could have used a little more personality, but overall he was decent. It was for sure a little pricey, but definitely worth it!!!!
4	Papillon Grand Canyon Helicopter Ridehttp://www.papillon.com/popris/show_package.aspx?package_id=21&lang=en-USWhenever we travel I usually like to do some type of flight tour or helicopter ride.  Unfortunately, I am usually solo most of time as all of the others in our group are chicken!  During a trip to Las Vegas over Thanksgiving, I decided to try a helicopter flight over Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and the Western Rim of the Grand Canyon.  There are several companies that offer different types of tours and packages available.  I opted for Papillon Grand Canyon Helicopters departing from Boulder City airport about 25 miles south of Las Vegas.  They are quite a bit cheaper than some if the others I researched that depart from Las Vegas proper.  But, it takes about an hour more of your time (1/2 hour travel each way) to fly out of Boulder City.  I think the savings was justified and if you have a little extra time, I would recommend them.  I was picked up at the Mirage Hotel at 5:50 a.m. sharp by a very polite Papillon Tour bus driver.  We had another stop at NewYork, New York Casino to pick up a few more people before heading out to the airport.  Once we arrived we went through a quick safety briefing and soon boarded an EcoStar EC-130 helicopter.  The seating was a bit tight I though with the pilot and 2 others plus myself in the front row.  The rear row had 4 seats, but had a little more room as there were only 3 people.The pilot of our bird was Greg and he was very polite, humorous and informative.  Our flight was quite smooth and we flew out over Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and Southern Nevada for about a half hour before arriving at the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.  We flew for a bit and then descending down to a landing area a few thousand feet beneath the West rim.  We were offered a light breakfast once on the ground consisting of pastries, fruit and champagne if you wanted.  There was plenty of time for photos and enjoying the beauty of the canyon.  On the return, we took a different route back and flew near the Indian glass Skydeck not too far away.  The flight back was smooth as well and uneventful.  We were back at the airport in about a half hour or so with the bus ready to take us back to Vegas.  Prices seem to vary after talking to others on our tour but I paid $259, plus an additional $50 for an option that I requested to sit in the front seat.  Others in the group sitting in the back paid $279-$289.  The day was beautiful and the tour was great.  I would do it again.
2	Gather around intrepid sightseers and let me tell you a little story about Papillion Grand Canyon tours. It all began at the buttcrack of dawn one tepid Thursday in October as a grotesquely obese bus driver beckoned us into her flatulent world before accosting bewildered tourists from all over the Las Vegas strip with the importance of common sense bus protocols. We were also warned a grand total of 7 times in 25 minutes not to get comfortable because we would be changing buses again shortly which was ironic because the seats appeared to be made from repurposed potato sacks and were every bit as itchy.With warm water bottle in hand and mild rash on leg, we were corralled into a stark labyrinth of a building where instruction on how the people with green stickers should enter the green line and people with red stickers should enter the red line lasted inordinately long. Because it was clear that some of the group spoke no English, we were then subjected to that feeble and oft insulting tactic where we were spoken to as if we might be near deaf imbeciles. As if speaking slowly at high volume and dumbing down ones vocabulary and sentence structure has somehow ever caused a person to spontaneously comprehend English or has ever bridged any language barrier at all.After a lot of bad noise, we were given a generic juice box, a rubbery danish and access to a foul cauldron of coffee-like fluid. We then boarded another bus where we were entertained by the musings of a large man named Walter as we made the long trek to the Grand Canyon... museum. Upon arrival at this pitiful tourist trap we noticed sheriffs and other authorities were swarming the area due to a fistfight that had just been broken up. After seeing the interior of this "museum" I would share a profound empathy for the violent men that preceded me. The museum consisted of a dozen or so framed pictures of the Grand Canyon followed by an appalling restroom with backed up plumbing, a stuffed mountain lion type beast and two large piles of overpriced Doritos.With that nonsense behind us, we traversed the remaining dirt road to the helipad of awesomeness where a blond chopper pilot (who was pretty easy on the eyes I'll have you know) swooped and wove us through the picturesque hole in the ground we came so far to see. However, no sooner had this thrilling ride concluded did we realize what was in store for us at the bottom of the canyon.As altitude and standards began to plummet in perfect synchronicity, it was time to forge the Colorado River on a guided pontoon tour that's worthlessness cannot be overstated. As far as our tour guide, it wasn't so much that English wasn't his second or third language that pissed me off, it was that English wasn't a language at all for him. He briefly became useful when it became apparent that our boat was going to stall every 8 or 9 seconds of the tour. On the plus side, he did save quite a bit of fuel by allowing us to helplessly drift backwards for the vast majority of the tour while jabbering incoherently and demanding to take pictures of us with our own cameras. At this point it was obvious that we were not going to travel more than 100 yards in either direction from the dock. Because the other pontoon tour companies zooming past us down the river were not able to create a wake large enough to mercifully capsize our boat, we had to wait out this infuriating charade.Our return helicopter ride did much to ease the lingering anger and despair. This time around we had a new helicopter with a squeaky clean bald head and a beard that inspired the kind of confidence you'd need if he were flying you on a black ops mission in Beirut. He brought us safely back to the top of the west rim where we were given a ticket to get a free (and I use the term loosely) lunch. It was less alarming that we were served prison food for lunch than the fact that we were served by what appeared to be actual inmates. Although I remained nauseous and slipped in and out of consciousness the rest of our souvenir saturated trip, I do remember getting a solid two and a half hours of life coaching and financial advice from our bus driver that included evidence that he continues to fall victim to the Gambler's Fallacy even after losing his meager life savings time and time again, as well as numerous thinly veiled requests for a tip. Hopefully all of that was just the food causing me to hallucinate but we may never know for certain.All in all I cannot recommend this tour company. While the helicopter tour was a huge ramekin of awesomesauce, it is admittedly something that is hard to screw up providing you don't crash and die a fiery death (in which case we should assume yours would have been only a 1 star review). But that dreadful excuse for a pontoon tour of the Colorado River was burnt into my memory like a brand and ultimately sunk this otherwise semi-buoyant excursion.
5	I traveled on my own on 11/30 to the South Rim of the Grand Canyon on your Deluxe Tour which included the RT plane ride and 1/2 hr helicopter tour.  I was slightly nervous based on the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised that there was not one hitch along the way.I was picked up at 520 AM from the Mandalay Hotel. I was picked up on time at the appointed location at the bus and tour pick-up area.  I was the last pick-up so we started our 45 minute trip in the dark of the morning to the Boulder airport.  At the Boulder Airport, I checked in with the others from my shuttle, weighed, given a sticker to indicate which tour I was on and told to wait until approximately 630 for my flight on Grand Canyon Airlines.At 615, I was called and my flight lined up after being given boarding passes.  There were approximately 15 people on my flight.  At about 625, we were taken to the plane (after photos were taken with the pilot) and we boarded. The plane had headphones and there was music and a narration describing where we were flying over during the 70 minute flight.  The flight was in the early morning so there was a lot of sun and it was incredible.  I took tons of pictures.  We did fly over the Hoover Dam and lake Mead which was really nice.After landing, we were taken for a 5 minute shuttle ride to the helicopter area and given numbers as to which helicopter and seat we would have.  The helicopters are Bell helicopters and 5 people were in my helicopter. 2 people are seated backwards and 3 are seated forwards.  Each passenger took a picture in front of the helicopter and the pictures were available for purchase after the flight for $20.  I never buy these pictures but bought mine because it truly is a once in a lifetime experience.  The flight was incredible!  To my recollection, there was no narration but none is needed. 20 minutes of the ride is pure Grand Canyon scenery.  After the helicopter flight, we went back into the Papillon heliport and soon thereafter boarded a rather large mini-bus for a trip into the Grand Canyon Natl Park.  We arrived at the Bright Angel Lodge at about 9 AM and had until 10 AM to explore the views of the rim, the gift shop and El Tovar Lodge.  As we got off the bus, we were given a boxed breakfast that included a granola bar, cheese, orange juice, mixed fruit cup, yogurt, huge banana nut muffin and fork/spoon/napkin.  Do not miss going to El Tovar Lodge if you have the chance.  It is a short 5 minute walk along the rim walkway from the Bright Angel gift shop.  The Lodge is incredible.  Also, take a peak at the Hopi House next to the Lodge.  At 10AM, we were missing two passengers and the tour guide was nice enough to wait for the 2 passengers who arrived 30 minutes later!  (Normally, the guides do not wait for missing passengers as there is a strict itinerary/time schedule).  Had they been on time, we might have been able to see one other view of the Grand Canyon!   I thought those 2 passengers were quite selfish but that was not the fault of the tour guide.  The plane was held for us as all 15 on the plane were on the mini-bus and we took off at about 11.  The flight back was even more gorgeous than the flight over because the sun was not directly on my side of the plane. Gorgeous views of Lake Mead!  Arrived back at about 1215 and I asked to be dropped off at Planet Hollywood so I could explore The Bellagio.  No problem! Our shuttle bus departed about 10 minutes after arriving at Boulder and we drove the 45 minutes back to Las Vegas.  The group was split up in Las Vegas so we would all not have to waste time going to each others hotels.  My group of 7 (me and 6 other friends who toured together) got very lucky and they put us in a limo to get back to Planet Hollywood!  At about 115, I was dropped at Planet Hollywood with a huge smile on my face.  I had not one complaint about this trip and would highly recommend it to anyone.Suggestions: call and ask for a AAA rate. You get 10% off the retail rate.  The first tour is cheaper than the others and I would highly recommend going as early as possible as there were NO crowds and the sun was gorgeous against the Grand Canyon.
4	We took the Grand Celebration Tour - helicopter tour with landing at the West Rim.First of all, do not book your tour without first looking at their Special Deals page. This is where we found our tour at 2/3 the regular price. They don't show this price on the package's main page so you have to search for it.We booked the first tour of the day. The website and all information said pickup from our hotel would be between 7-8 and we would be back to the hotel within 4 hours. The confirmation email came stating our pickup time was 6:10am. We called to confirm both our reservation and the pickup time. We also verified that we would in fact be back at our hotel by 10:30. Perhaps they move up the time because Daylight Savings Time had ended by then so the sun was out an hour earlier.We were running a bit late and trying to get to the pickup point in the MGM Grand was not near the main lobby. Luckily, the shuttle was still there though our driver wasn't very happy with our tardiness. (or it could just be because it was 6am!) We picked up another couple which put the shuttle at full capacity. We then drove to another hotel and transferred on to a larger shuttle.It was about a 20 minute drive to Boulder City Airport. When we arrived, we were taken into the terminal. We waited in line to check in. You are weighed again with all the stuff you are carrying so don't lie about your weight!After check in, you wait for the safety demonstration video. You get a sticker when they start. My boyfriend was buying something for breakfast so he didn't get a sticker but he made it for the second half of the video. I was afraid they wouldn't let him board if he didn't have the sticker. But they didn't question him or anything.I would say we had 15-20 minutes total to check in, wait for and watch the safety video and use the restroom before we departed. It would have been nice had they told us approximately how long we had for everything.Despite the safety video, our pilot gave us a brief safety instruction as well. The helicopter seats eight and we had two parties of 3 plus the pilot. I was surprised at the smooth ride and the effectiveness of the noise-cancelling headsets.We landed with four other helicopters and were left to roam around. The pilot set up a picnic with a pastry, grapes, water and champagne for each of us. However, if you're more interested in looking around and taking photos, I would skip this because you're only given about 20-25 minutes on the ground. Not enough time for both.Back in the air, it's about 20 minutes to the airport. When you arrive, you can buy the souvenir photo taken before flight. I think it was $20. I think the better option would be to take your own photo when you've landed on the canyon floor.After you arrive back at the airport, you have the flexibility to leave whenever you want. They have shuttles running non stop so you can sign up for a shuttle at any point. There's a gift shop, a coffee/food stand and bathrooms. After using the bathroom, we hopped on a shuttle and were back at our hotel by 10:30.All in all, I say it was a great trip and experience. Papillon is a well-oiled machine, and the package we purchased was worth the money.
4	I'm a frequent helicopter passenger, so the ride wasn't thrilling for me as it should be for newbies. The view is, of course, spectacular. The scenery to the Grand Canyon is not as photogenic as many locations around Las Vegas. If your goal is photography, you might want to reconsider another location than the weat rim. The pilot was excellent and handled significant wind with no fuss. Only our exaggerated angle of attack clued me in. All of Grand Canyon's pilots seemed pretty adept and confidence inspiring. I would feel comfortable flying with them again. (I am an ex-aircraft safety officer for a helicopter fleet.) The narrative was educational and interesting and added to thr trip. My wife enjoyed the entire experience, and I was satisfied. I would highly recommend Papillon Helicopters, but would recommend another excursion.
5	Loved it!!!! Let me start by saying that I am terrified of flying!!! My husband and I really wanted to see the grand canyon without spending hours to get there. If that's what you too are looking for then this is the ride for you!All of staff are very friendly and attentive. You are picked up in a limo (with a few other guests) and whisked to a near by airfield where some of the hotels keep their private jets. You watch a brief safety video and then are  taken by shuttle to your chopper. There you will take a picture (which is never pushed upon you) and be introduced to your pilot. Ours was Dave. He was super nice and very knowledgeable. He understood my fear of flying and was sensitive about it. He warned me when the air was about to get turbulent and i really appreciated that. Once up in the air he shared info about the area and what we were seeing. We took a brief spin over the Hoover dam and then onto Lake Mead. About 45 minutes after departing we arrived at the Grand Canyon. It was neat to say that I was actually in the grand canyon. Was it what I expected? Not really. I kind of expected to stand at the rim and see the canyon. Not the case. It's almost like you land in the middle of a deep rock formation. Cool nonetheless. We were served cute little individual picnic baskets with contents resembling a designer school lunch (no, I wasn't hitting the bottle in school...not in elementary anyway). Turkey on focaccia was plain but tasty. A red apple. A bag of Lays. The end. Oh wait...a little bit of bubbly too! I am not a fan of champagne so I stuck with the other bubbly (diet coke) and had a dandy time nonetheless. On the return we swung by the strip. It would have been awesome of it were dark instead of twilight but it's not like we could hang in the air waiting for the sun to go down. I loved Dave's choice of music. I swear he had it perfectly timed. Viva Las Vegas played as we hit the strip and we returned to the ground shortly after. I highly recommend this tour through this company. Everything is top notch and totally worth the money! I would do it again!!
4	I have been on 2 different Papillon tours both by Airplane. One was to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon this year and the other was to the South Rim 5 years ago.The first time I went was amazing. The airplane was so hot and I had never flown in such a little plane before so it was a new experience. And the turbulence really got the best of my nerves! It was a wonderful tour so when I went to Las Vegas for my 21st birthday I had to go back to the Grand Canyon. I chose Papillon again. They picked me up right on time, we had to wait at the airport for over an hour but this is how it works at most airports so I didn't mind. The airport is very clean and charming. I do however wish they had some sort of metal detectors you had to pass through before boarding the plane. The plane wasn't as hot as I remember which was nice. I really enjoyed all the views and the Bose headphones you get to listen to that talk about all the landmarks and views you are passing. The pilots are nice and so are the bus drivers!I would recommend using Papillon and might someday use them again!
5	Grand Canyon Deluxe: South Rim and bus tourMy husband and I were staying in Vegas for a week. I have never seen the Grand Canyon and could not justify being so close and not seeing it. However a 4 hour car drive was not setting well with the husband. After a little online research I found Papillion/ Grand Canyon Airlines. Once booked, we discover that they are a collaboration company.  I confirmed our trip with Papillion and were picked up by the Papillion tour bus from our hotel right on time. Then we proceeded to Boulder city to the Grand Canyon Airline airport where we checked in and were give color coded cards. Within an 30-45 minutes we were escorted to our plane and ready to go. The ride was a little ruff as it was a breezy day. Most of the passengers were a little green when we arrived at the Canyon Airport. Best way to combat this is to look straight ahead at the cock pit instead of looking out the window until the wave of nausea passes. I also packed a granola bar in my purse this helped settle my husband and I stomach once we DE boarded the plane and had two feet firmly planted on the ground. Otherwise the pilots were awesome and did their jobs very well. When we landed at the Canyons airport we were taken into a little shop to wait for the coach bus. After using the restroom we loaded the bus and continued. Daniel our driver prepaid admission to the park to avoid the long 4th of July holiday travel lines getting into the park. This was great because otherwise we would have been waiting for hours to get thought the entry gates leaving us very little time to see the two sites we were scheduled to stop at: Bright Angel and Mathers point. Daniel and Luya (Japaneese translator) were very informational and were a great hosts and driver. When de boarding the bus, we were provided a boxed lunch to eat while at Bright Angel. I was a little worried about this aspect of the trip because of the previous reviews; as to why I had the granola bars. My husband and I found a great secluded spot off the point by the lower Lookout Studio went down the steps to eat lunch on the flat rock. Much to our surprise when we opened the lunch boxed they were packed full: A croissant turkey sandwich, granola bar, cheese stick, water, chips and an apple.  The sandwich was good and the rest was cold. We were very pleased with the lunch provided. So it appears they have read the reviews and improved their lunch boxes. After about an hour and a half or two hours (I can't remember, but it was enough time to see it all and check out the Hopi House) at Bright Angel we continued on our way to Mather's point where we spent the same amount of time and took our picture with the park sign. My husband I arrived a little early back to the bus so we started talking to Daniel and LUya. Daniel had some great stories to share about his years in the business and his personal travels within the Canyons. After everyone returned at the designated time we returned to the canyon airport to board our plane back to Bolder city. Unfortunately, when we arrived back we were not informed that we needed to visit the Las Vegas transportation kiosks within the airport to acquire a colored slip that would inform us of which bus to get on to go back to Vegas. After we seen a few members of our bus group from the coach leave I decided to ask and was informed that we needed to get this pass. So I informed our plane buddies of this information. After acquiring the right colored passes we soon boarded another bus to return to Vegas.  A very short trip and we were back in Vegas. To our surprise the company was short on the smaller vans to split the group to return us to your according hotels so my husband and I along with two other couples were provided a free limo to take us to our hotel. A perfect end to a great day!Definitly look under their special deals tab to see if any of them meet your needs for your trip to the Grand CanyonsIf you have read this far, I highly recommend this tour group for your view of the Grand Canyons.
5	This is the tour to pick.  On time pickup from the hotel.  Took the plane, helicopter, boat and Skywalk tour.  Well timed, but never rushed. Even lunch was very good.  Excellent way to spend the day.  I will go back again.
5	Awesome trip. the best tour in my life. me and my sister went to grand canyon by papilion helicopter. our pilot was joe. he was so friendly he knows very well how to show every nice attraction also how to take a nice photo. i got landed in the canyon boat riding and sky walk. also he showed us hoower dam too. it was so beautiful day. also down the canyon the guide (who call himself I'm working in basement  lol) was so friendly and took lot of nice pics for us. my this trip was very good deal everything including 484$ per person. absolutely the best price and good service.  THANK YOU AGAIN AND AGAIN
4	So, almost everything about the tour was spot-on.  We ended up having the cut our trip short because there was a massive storm going through the grand canyon.  We turned back and we got a refund.  I guess some people are really pissed about it and didn't want to reschedule as if the company could control the weather.  I don't know about you, but I have no desire to tempt a massive storm in a helicopter.  The only issue I had was when we were waiting for our shuttle to take us back to our hotel, we waited almost 2 hrs.  Its understandable that things will take time, but I sort of lost my patience after the first 90 minutes.  I think if you want freedom, its better to drive there yourself so you can come back on your own terms.I was really happy with the tour, and it was expensive but it wasn't the most expensive I had seen for these types of trips.  I really had great customer service and wouldn't hesitate to recomment them.
5	AWESOME!  We did a tour from Vegas to landing in the Grand Canyon.  Pick up by shuttle from our hotel and about a 45 minute drive to airport.  Watched a short video and then had to wait about 30-45 minutes to be selected for a flight since they're done according to weight to balance each chopper.  The actual chopper ride was amazing.  Beautiful views of the Hoover Dam, the Colorado River, Lake Mead and of course the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.  We landed in the canyon and got about 30 minutes to walk around and eat lunch.  Pilot took pics for us, very kind.  Lunch was served in individual picnic baskets and included a turkey sandwich, chips, a brownie, water and soda and of course CHAMPAGNE.  Just felt so special.  Wish the stop was  a little longer but that's what we signed up for.  Narration by pilot was helpful, enjoyable and short.  These people do high volume and run like a well oiled machine. Look online for discounts.  Once in a lifetime experience and so glad we spent the money to do this!!!
5	This was the most amazing tour I've ever done!  I've been to Las Vegas plenty of times and wanted to visit the Grand Canyon.  The long car ride to the canyon always  seemed too much when you are only in Vegas for 4-5 days, so this tour was perfect.  Papillion has this whole tour down to a science!!! We were promptly picked up by a  Papillon bus/shuttle from our hotel and it was about 25 min. to the airport.  Upon arrival, you are discretely weighed (you hardly know they did it) and we viewed a safety video (10 min or so) and got a sticker that said we viewed the video. We were then led out to our helicopter. Be sure to use the restroom BEFORE you leave as there are none in the Canyon!  We had 7 in our party, including our pilot.  He helped us get strapped in, put on headphones and get situated.  We had 2 folks from London up front (you pay more to sit up front, but believe me, you can see just fine from any seat in the aircraft).  We had a gorgeous day weatherwise. Three out of four in our party had their own beforehand fears of 1)heights 2)claustrophia 3) just plain fear, but our pilot, Spencer was simply awesome!  He was friendly, knowledgeable and his voice was so very calming.  My husband, who is deathly afraid of heights, didn't even realize we took off, it was that smooth!  The views, well, take the tour yourself, that's all I will say. After about 40 minutes in the air, we landed, along with about 4 other copters to have lunch.  It was a very well-planned, cute little basket with a turkey sandwich, chips a water, soda pop and a brownie.  And, the best part, our pilot served us a bottle of their best champagne!!  After lunch, we took plenty of pictures and took off for another very smooth, serene and peaceful 40 min ride back to the airport.  Spencer picked the most appropriate music for our flight, like Top Gun, Fly Away, etc. and did an awesome job of narrating and providing great information and answers to any questions we had during flight. We had some time back at the airport to use the bathroom, buy souvenirs, and chat with our pilot before the 25 minute bus ride back to the Monte Carlo Hotel.  It was our 30th wedding anniversary and something we always have wanted to do.  I highly recommend this tour as they are extremely organized and professional.  It is surely money well spent!
4	Papillon was very good but watch your time when on a tight schedule.  They picked us up 10 minutes late (1:50pm pickup) then drove us to the airport in Boulder City. When we got to the airport after a 30 minute ride, we went through the safety process, a weigh in, a upsell to the front seat and then a pleasant helicopter flight around the grand canyon.  They had very good music themed to the helicopter ride.  Very very good.  They have food (small grill and a convenience store / Souvenir shop with limited selection) and bathrooms in the airport.  The pilot was very friendly and everything went well, until we got back at 4:15pm. We arrived back at the airport and told the man where we were going. He said 10-15 minutes. This turned into a 35 minute wait. It took forever and because of the delay we hit severe rush hour traffic.  There was little sense of urgency and there was very little respect for time. The bus we were on waited an extra 20 minutes for two people.  That being said up until we got back to the airport it was very professional and I recommend it. Just allow 45-60 minutes for cost savings compared to other strip based helicopter companies.
5	What an amazing experience! Was staying in Vegas and surprised the hubby with a helicopter ride. Got the Grand Celebration package, which includes the landing on the floor of the Grand Canyon and the picnic lunch and champagne.Be sure to reconfirm your reservations at least 24 hours in advance. It's just a quick phone call. We were picked up from our hotel's tour lobby right on time. Warning: you cannot bring coffee on the shuttle, so if you have an early pick-up, drink up ahead of time. We were then brought to the small airport (not the main Vegas airport) about a 1/2 hour away. We waited in a brief line where we checked in, were weighed in for weight on flight and seating purposes, and we then watched a brief safety video. Not long after, we were at the gate and ready to board the copter! There are restrooms available to use before and after, as well as a gift store which also sells some food/drinks. No food/drinks on the copter, though.Our pilot was Lauren, who was excellent! We really liked her a lot. She was very friendly and gave us our life vests and all that. I upgraded our seats to sit up front with the pilot, and I'm so glad we did. I highly recommend the upgrade, if you are able to. I think it ultimately depends on weight, for the seating assignments. But the views are amazing (probably amazing from the back seats as well, but I think slightly better up front). Lauren told us some interesting facts about what we were seeing, and gave us a little history. It was cool to see the Hoover Dam, and then the Grand Canyon. It was only about a 1/2 hour away.One thing I hadn't considered or seen other reviewers mention, was the nausea factor... we both felt a little motion sickness. It wasn't too bad, and we didn't actually come close to getting sick or anything, but you definitely do get that motion sickness feeling, just a little bit. There are sick bags, just in case. But if you are prone to that kind of thing, perhaps take a non drowsy Dramamine or something like that before your flight.I'm really glad that I got the Grand Celebration package that included the landing because I think some of the other packages are just fly-overs. While the helicopter ride alone is a fantastic experience, it was surreal to land IN the Grand Canyon and take fabulous pictures (thanks again to Lauren for taking the shots!). We had a short picnic lunch and champagne. I only wish that our time spent in the canyon could have been longer (it's only about 25-30). I would have been cool to have a full hour to be able to walk around a little more, take it all in... just be sure to really soak it in while you're there! Then we took off and headed back for Vegas. The flight back is a little shorter. Once returned, you simply check-in with the shuttle people and they get you on a shuttle back to your hotel. Easy breezy.Overall, this was an amazing experience I'll never forget. I have always wanted to see the Grand Canyon and am SO happy I experienced it in this way. Not only did we get the vantage points from the flight up above and then landing inside it, but it also saved us a very long and boring drive, since it's in the middle of nowhere! It's great to take a quick flight, experience it, and not have to deal with the nothingness that surrounds it. Also, the helicopter ride itself is very cool and exciting. If you're going to be in Vegas, I highly recommend this!
5	I did the Grand Deluxe Tour on an airplane. It was worth the money for sure.I chose the 7-8 AM slot, which meant catching a 4:45 AM shuttle. We picked up a few more people, and the driver had to wait 15 minutes for a family to show up. Once we found them, we all boarded a bigger bus to Boulder City airport, which was a 30 minute drive. Then when we got there, we waited. I got a breakfast burrito. We eventually filed onto a small plane. The seats were assigned based on some pre-built list. Even though I checked in last for my plane, I still got a mid-plane window seat. This might have been because I reserved weeks earlier.The flight was about an hour. The sun was just rising which was beautiful. We were out on the tarmac when the sky was still twilight-blue, but flying with the sun. The headphones had an awful volume and tinniness, but the view was beautiful. My ears hurt a little from the pressure but what can you do? We flew over the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, and watched the landscape transition from red clfifs to scrubby desert to snowy pines. When we landed, it looked like Lake Tahoe.We waited briefly at the airport before boarding our shuttles. My tour guide was one of the nicest people in the world. Gosh. Seriously. He was so happy to be doing this job, like showing people the Grand Canyon and seeing it every day was the biggest privilege of his life. I'm from NYC so this kind of genuine sincerity is rare. He offered to take some pics of me since I was traveling alone, as did another solo traveler. He chitchatted with us, was very friendly, just really a nice guy. We drove about 15 minutes to the Grand Canyon with a little explanation about the town, the wildlife, the location. We saw some mule deer along the way, just crossing the road! When we arrived, we had 1 hour at Bright Angel Lodge. We received breakfast - orange juice, a banana muffin, yogurt, and a granola bar. 1 hour went by fast. There were several buildings, gift shops, and... the view of the Grand Canyon! A squirrel tried to climb into my purse to steal my muffin. All the warnings are true. What irritated me is that tourists were awwing and taking photos, and I was trying to get him out of my purse with my tripod. They were RIGHT in the squirrel's face, inches away, and I was afraid if I poked him too hard, he'd attack them (and he had the attack stance). I really didn't want him in my purse, though, so I was stuck. Please take the warnings about wild life seriously. After an hour (with a 10 minute buffer for late people), we drove a few minutes over to Mather Point. This was much better than Bright Angel's Landing, because the view was SO wide. It was truly stunning. We had about 50 minutes at this location. Then we were done. Until we saw.. the elk! They were just sitting in the woods, calm as could be. We stopped for a minute to take pictures from the van. I've never seen one so close before in the wild. Then we drove back to the airport, waited our turn, and then we flew back. Every single person except me and one younger man fell asleep. It had been a long day! We waited for a bus to take us back to Vegas and I was back in my hotel by 1-1:30. For a bit over $200, I saved a 10 hour drive, got to meet some friendly people, saw elk up close, fought off a squirrel, and saw the Grand Canyon. I've traveled extensively, and I had just seen the Valley of Fire and Zion earlier that week, so the Grand Canyon wasn't worth an overnight stay to me. I think this tour offered the perfect amount of time - 2 hours of private time to understand its immensity, plus some time with a guide. 5 stars for convenience, all the way.
5	I did the Papillion Grand Canyon tour last Sunday and chose the Indian Adventure with landing and Skywalk.  It was $254 a person for a 7 hour tour with lunch and Skywalk from the LV strip including hotel pick up.  We ended up getting home an hour later but didn't really care about that.  I did a lot of research before purchasing a Grand Canyon package from the LV strip and this was the best price I found.  I spoke to two representatives before booking (one was named Bryan) and they were both very nice and helpful.  We confirmed when we first arrived in LV.  We chose the 12:15pm flight so we got picked up at our hotel at 10:45 (they were on time in fact 5 minutes early).  We went to the next hotel to pick up the next guest and the person never showed up and the driver waited quite a while.  He even circled the entrances looking for this person that never came.  The bus was  very comfortable and clean.  We arrived to the Boulder City Airport within 30 minutes.  The airport was small, clean, and everyone was very nice and courteous.  We got on the airplane about 20-30 minutes later.  It was a small 9 person airplane.  I wore "Queasy Beads" for motion sickness but only a miracle would have saved me from the plane ride over to the Grand Canyon.  In LV it was windy on land and I should have taken a dramamine prior but any time I have taken one it always made me really drowsy and tired so I went with the Queasy Beads and got sick when the pilot landed the airplane 30 minutes later.  For what I saw on the plane, there were magnificent views of the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, and the Grand Canyon.  As soon as I got off the plane, I felt much better.  The Grand Canyon was FREEZING (About 15 degrees lower than LV strip).  Thankfully I had my winter jacket with me.  A bus took us over to Eagle Point from the Grand Canyon airport and we stayed at Eagle Point for as long as we wanted to.  We met a nice guy that worked there who took pictures of us for free and even had some creative shots for us to pose in.  We went onto the Skywalk which was interesting and scary because there was a large crack in the side panel.  One of the workers on the Skywalk told us a story that a scientist from Europe came over and broke the glass and had to pay $40K to have it fixed (also went to jail for 2 days) and when it was fixed the engineers tightened in the class too tight and it cracked again...hmm...We got one photo for $30 (they don't allow cameras, phones, etc on the Skywalk).  It wasn't worth the $30 because we got photos exactly like it standing on the GC, only difference was a clear wall behind us.  We got it because we thought it would be the only time we would do something like that but looking back at all the photos I took there, that $30 picture was unnessecary.  We walked around the Hualapai ground and took the bus over to Guano Point.  Guano Point had a cafe where we ate lunch outside (sand was blowing and it was freezing).  Food was okay.  I didn't care though because I loved all the scenery and the fact that the Hualapai Tribe preserve the area, drive 2 hours each way to work there, and that there are NO GUARD RAILS ON THE CANYON!  It really is scary to be on the Grand Canyon.  You really can just fall off or slip, enter at your own risk.  I don't think it's a place where you should bring a child.    I climbed to the top of Guano Point.  Boy was it cool to do that.  I loved discovering everything at the Canyon-all new to me, my bf loved it and we both have never done anything like this before.  After we walked around we took the bus back over to the Grand Canyon airport and did some shopping...I bought a dramamine there so I wouldn't stink the plane up again on the way back!  On the way back we were on a 19 person plane and I got to see the landscape without closing my eyes-breathtaking views.  We got back to our hotel at 6:45pm.  Everyone who worked at the GC was really nice and so were all the pilots and bus drivers.  5+ stars!!!  Totally worth using Papillion Tours-it was a very thought out and precise process!PS there is a small store in the Boulder City Airport and in the GC airport as well as  on the grounds of the Hualapai Tribe in Eagle Point.  The price for a dreamcatcher was cheaper at the Boulder City Airport than the other locations.  The Grand Canyon and Papillion Tour was one of the best experiences I have ever had so far in my life.
4	The trip was amazing. We took the tour that landed in the canyon. Very professional outfit. The video was kind of stupid but I understand they probably have to do that for liability purposes. Sandwich wasn't good but who wants to eat when you only have 30 mins to check out the scenery?  Ask if they are running specials.
4	We did the Helicopter tour and it was great experience. Let me explain the 4 star rating in the following:1. When we arrived at 7am in the morning for our 8am flight, we were told that the flight was booked for small airplane, which was changed due to a mistake booking via phone. They told us the booking change was confirmed the day before when we called to verify the pick up time this morning, which was a lie, because we were not informed of this change; they only mentioned their MBR1 terms and was very rude trying to shush us away.2. The staff Alex and another manager insisted that we booked it wrong and wanted us to fly the plane instead of helicopter, which was almost half the price, because they could not squeeze us in another flight and make us pay the difference.3. After some arguments and talking with the upper management, Alex finally agreed on rebooking us for another flight leaving in 2 hours and gave us some complimentary drink/gift/photo coupons, they also discounted the helicopter ride for us.4. It was great to see them making efforts to resolve this mistake they made on our booking and even though it did not start very smoothly and we had to wait at the airport for 2 hours for nothing, we were still able to see the grand canyon before noon time with a very courteous pilot, Jason, who was knowledgeable on both the history of the area and maneuvering the helicopter.5. We stopped once in the West Rim of Grand Canyon for refueling, it is surprising to learn that the helicopter we rode only gets 3mpg even though it's called EcoStar! I guess that makes more sense on the ride price tag.Overall, it was a fun experience being on a helicopter for the first time and seeing the Grand Canyon from a different angle. It is amazing how magnificent the nature truly is and we should really appreciate how nature has nourish us.
5	Came here as a special surprise for my girlfriend to celebrate our history of love and friendship on Memorial Day. We were scheduled for a 1 o'clock tour and were picked up from our hotel on time in a beautiful limo. However when we got there we were informed that there were some mechanical issues with our helicopter and it was currently stuck in the Grand Canyon doing repairs. The customer service reps here bent over backwards for us, getting us food and drinks, making sure that due to our special occasion that no matter what we would get to fly to the Grand Canyon and scheduled us for 3:30, offering to take us back to the hotel to wait for our new departure, and even helping in looking up later flights for us to go home on and offering to have the limo take us straight to the airport upon our return. We haven't even gone on the tour yet but if I could I would give Papillon 10 stars. Their customer service is impeccable and beyond what I have ever experienced from anyone here in Vegas. Thank you Papillon. I suggest that anyone looking for a helicopter tour to the Grand Canyon go here and only here.
4	This is a well run operation. The reservation process is friendly and the agent was patient and helpful while my wife and I discussed the options. I was a bit miffed at the shuttle ride to the airport because we sat and waited at a casino for 20 minutes for someone who was late to the pickup, but everything was great after that. The airport is relatively comfortable. Food is available and there is a gift shop to occupy your time while you wait. Papillon employees are congenial and seem to have pretty good customer service skills. The tour itself was stunning the entire way. The helicopter is comfortable, but don't plan on a lot of idle chit-chat because it's loud and you'll be wearing a headset. I would recommend taking the flight that lands in the canyon. It's worth a few extra bucks. The lunch is adequate, and the scenery from the canyon floor is breathtaking. You have to get a shuttle pass for the return trip to Las Vegas and I never heard anybody tell me that, so we missed a couple of shuttles before we figured it out. Otherwise, you don't spend a lot of time waiting around for your tour or the shuttle. Other than that the ride back was comfortable. If you're not one of the first dropoffs, the shuttle ride might be a bit long and irritating.
5	First of all check their website for special prices.  Never flown in a helicopter before.  I took the grand canyon tour that lands in the canyon and lets you get out.  I highly recommend this.  It was fantastic.  The heli cruises at around 120 mph, but feels like it is floating through the air very slowly.  It was beautiful flying through the desert.  It is expensive at around 400 per person, but a truly memorable experience.  The other reviews are true.  I would say the only negative is that the entire process is long, from shuttle pickup, check in, helicopter ride and the shuttle back home.  It was a 5 hour process, so be prepared, but this company handles everything professionally and it is totally safe.
5	Took the tour that lands in Grand Canyon. $620 for my husband and I. Trip was awesome! Our pilot was very professional, informative and made the experience great. Highly recommend this experience if you can. Way better than taking a 4hour bus ride out to the Canyon. Splurge on this if you can. Once in a lifetime experience
5	I wanted to do something daring for a special  birthday.   I was in Las Vegas already and I  decided  to take the Papillon Grand Canyon  Helicopter ride.  It was great timing since they had some discounts on the rides.   I'm so very glad I did since it was one of the most exhilarating and picturesque adventures I've had!  I was very impressed by the service from the beginning.  The pickup driver was on time and made the ride as comfortable as possible by sometimes cracking  jokes .  He was very professional,   informative about what to expect, where to meet , what to do when we get to/from  the airport.  The airport is clean, and again, the check in is very efficient.   I like the  process  of having a video intro of what to expect, dos and don'ts  in the helicopter and reiterated again by the pilot before entering the helicopter.   We had a little bit of informal introduction with our pilot, Dale.  As soon as he found out that it was my birthday, he was excited and mentioned that we need to celebrate the ride with champagne.  At first, I was sure he was just joking to make me feel comfortable.  Dale was very professional, charming, affable and had a great sense of humor.  He made the ride so smooth and informative along the way.  I had the privilege to sit in the front with him and he made me so comfortable and at ease.   When we landed at  a  designated spot, he laid  out a picnic basket with goodies for everyone and brought out champagne and we toasted at the bottom of the canyon!  Now, that's what I call SERVICE!   He made my day so special!  I highly recommend  this  company  for the people and top  quality  service, and of course seeing the grandeur of the canyon!!
4	The experience was great, smooth ride, great views and info, and tasty sandwich plus champagne - just as promised in the tour brochure. However there were 6 passengers in our helicopter, and  I felt crushed with hardly an inch to move.  I must add that we were all of average size. Otherwise I would have given this  5 stars.
5	Absolutely incredible experience. Pricey for sure, but considering this is one of those once in a lifetime experiences, I felt it was definitely worth the money. This tour is especially recommended for those short on time. It takes only 40 minutes for the helicopter to reach the canyon, but to get their by car or bus would take 3 hours. They offer multiple flights per day and if you are willing to wake up early for an early departure, you can easily fit this into a Vegas trip with NO effect on your other Vegas plans. We reserved our seats a week in advance on the Grand Celebration Tour. The day before we got a call informing us, to our very pleasant surprise, that we were being upgraded to the Grand Celebration Tour w/ the Vegas Strip runby!! On the day of our tour, our driver was already waiting for us as we made our way down from our hotel room (mind you we came down 10 minutes before departure time, so I wonder how long before he arrived). Very professional and friendly. Riding in a limo to the airfield was definitely a nice touch. For both my wife and I, it was a first-time experience. After arriving, our driver showed us the way to the check-in terminal where we were greeted by the staff, who were also all very professional. After waiting for around 15 minutes and watching a safety video, we were shuttled to the helicopter pads where we got to meet our pilots. The pilots are definitely a real highlight of the experience as ours was very well informed of all the sights on the way to the canyon. He was quick to point out all the interesting things to see. The real gem of the trip was the canyon itself of course. Once you arrive, the pilot takes you through the canyon so you can get some great aerial views above and INSIDE the canyon. Flying through the ridges is something you'll want to experience. Landing down onto the canyon floor is definitely one of the most unique experiences, only to be bested by watching our pilot expertly take off and maneuver through the hilly terrain of the canyon floor. The trip includes lunch at the bottom. The Ciabatta bread turkey sandwich was alright, nothing too special. However, lunch includes complementary champagne!! Where else can you have a toast while at the bottom of one of the world's most spectacular canyons?
1	Beginning: We had 2 days in Las Vegas. As soon as we arrived, I started searching Grand Canyon tours. We decided that we should try a helicopter tour since my friend always dreamed of the canyon n he came to the USA from far. That was one option, which shortened the list of links on google. Found this one n decided to choose cause reviews were good n website was not bad.I dialed number, after auto options I finally heard real voice. The girl was nice n informative. I chose south rim, gave her credit card info n I had my tour ready. When I asked what is needed for the tour she gave a reservation, told to bring ids n b ready to leave at 6 am.In the morning, I checked the weather, it was 16C, quite warm, n I thought if we're going to AZ it should be pretty warm. So I put on my shorts, sneakers, tshirt n a sweater just in case. Outside of Caesars it was quite windy cold. I thought it is just morning soon it will b warmer. We've the for 20 minutes(!) after 6am n finally bus arrived. I was quite upset that I could sleep more or spent more time in a shower. Anyway, I stayed positive cause it was a canyon day, i was planning to see dawn n thinking of fantastic birdeyeview pix.But suddenly the bus stopped n we were asked to proceed to a building. There were hundreds of people. All for the GC. I realized that people buy different tours from tour selling companies but there is an umbrella company that provides all services. We were divided into 2 lines: south n west rims. For more than 20 minutes we were listening to 2 men about gc info which i read last night on the web n stupid-not-funny jokes. There those who had just bus tour could buy a gc imax movie tickets, helicopter tour ticket, n pink jeep tour tickets. N i realized that these guys r making only money but not delivering best service n best memories. After checking in - just taking your tour paper bracelets we went to the other bus. It was already sunny n i missed dawn watching.((( it was december 20 2013 bus#9657. Driver was really impolite n rude.everyone noted it. I had a bottle of water, which i drink a little, it was almost full n i left it on the floor.  We made 1st stop at the hoover dam. 15 or even 10 min on one spot n we continued driving. After taking some photos i returned n could find my bottle of water. Girls told me that the driver took it. When i asked him he showed trash bag with my bottle. Driver told me that it was on the floor so he considered it as a trash. I was really upset. He could easily figure it out that who could throw an almost full bottle especially for this trip. Driver announced that there is a snow in Gc. All people were wearing hat gloves scarf coat boots except me who just arrived from LA n didnt about the snow in AZ. There is NO wifi n outlets in the bus. During a ride driver showed several movies. One was new one with J.Lo. The backup plan. There were scenes of sex n child birth. Next was Now you see me with bad words dialogues. Final one was new movie with Bruce Willis full of scenes of violence. This all was happening when there was a small kid in the bus. Driver cared nothing. During a ride we made several stops exactly at mcdonalds. I understand that u get money from them for delivering hundreds of customers. Helloo?! We r not slaves n we need choice n variety of dining places. Driver told us that bus tour people will have a variety of food for lunch including vegan.As for helicopter people - sandwich n drink. But we pay a way more than bus n we get only a nochoice sandwich. Than when we arrived at dining place we were informed that helicopter is cancelled due to the weather. But weather was good. It wasn't snowing. The reason i think was that only 3 wanted to fly n it was nonprofitable to lift only 3 people cause in the morning they were actively promoting helicopter. I n my friend were really sad about it. All our plans n dreams were ruined. N nothing complimentary followed after this cancel. We went to eat. Food was extremely specific. Very little choice. After so-so food n hours of drive we arrived in gc. We visited only 2 spots though girl told on phone about more spots. At the end we were delivered not to the hotel but specific stops for several hotels n driver asked for tips!!! Seriously?! I really regret of taking this tour with no helicopter. We are still waiting for a refund for a helicopter. I m really sad about that kid who was suffering from sounds of violence n sex. It is better to rent a car n drive to gc. It is -10 rate.
5	Although the tour was a bit pricey...it was worth every cent. Brady, our pilot gave me an experience that I will never forget. Flying over and then landing in the Grand Canyon had to be one of coolest experiences of my life. The tour includes a picnic lunch and a champagne toast. My buddy was a bit nervous about going up...but once up he was thankful that I pushed him into going. He was so excited that he is going to back and take his wife.
4	Took the sunset tour which lands at the bottom if Grand Canyon.  Was completely amazing from very begging to the end.  Just don't expect enough time to eat their mediocre food during the stop at the bottom of the canyon.  I would have paid more to not have been rushed and spent about 1 hour down there.
5	Great experience - made more so by our pilot / tour guide / waiter Mark Schutz.  Really enjoyable, informative- would recommend this company to anyone wanting to see the Grand Canyon!!  We got the package where pilot sat the helo down in the Canyon right next to Colorado R., brought out champagne / picnic snack for all riders- all with great skill & hospitality- well done!
5	I'm so glad we added the Grand Canyon helicopter tour to our list!  The staff were so amazing and accommodating to our schedule. The pilot knew so much interesting info about the Nevada desert on the flight. Seeing the strip so close up on the return trip was beyond cool. We felt like we were treated like royalty and the scenery is unequaled. Would do it again!
5	Top drawer.  Trent is a great pilot. Very entertaining.  Great trip to the canyon floor at sunset.  Recommended.  Get the front seat.  You won't regret it.
5	I booked the Helicopter, Pontoon Boat, and VIP Skywalk package from Las Vegas for my boyfriend's birthday - what an amazing experience!We were picked up on-time from our Hotel in a shuttle. We made another stop to pick up another couple from another hotel, and it was another 30 minute drive to the Boulder City Airport. I didn't realize it would be such a long drive to the airport, but it went by quickly and was not a big deal. We arrived at the airport and was quickly checked in, given safety orientation, and was greeted by our pilot and boarded the helicopter. We upgraded to the front seats- totally worth it! You have the full 180 view and can see the pilot's dashboard which is cool too. We had a guide for the pontoon boat ride, took another helicopter ride from the base of the canyon to the top for the skywalk. Our guide was great, and knew all of the best spots to get photos of us. There were a lot of folks walking around on their own - it was really great to have our own private tour, but also had our freedom to walk around on our own if we wanted to. There was extra time, so he even took us to Guano Point - which wasn't part of the tour. I really recommend this package, because you get a view from many different angles of the canyon - the bottom from the boat, the top from the skywalk, and the edge at eagle/guano point. Afterwards, we were taken back to wait for our helicopter ride back to Vegas. My only complaint is that we had to wait about 40 minutes for our helicopter ride back - poor timing and planning. But it was OK because there's a deli there, so we got some lunch and relaxed. Once back at the Boulder City airport, we had to wait about another 30 minutes for our shared-shuttle ride back. At that point we were antsy to get back to the hotel. Overall, amazing experience and recommend it! Worth the money!
5	This is one of my favorite tours in the area. I've done the tour twice and both times are amazing. The view from the canyon is great but being there in the canyon is the highlight. The pictures that you can get in the canyon are hard to duplicate but overall a great tour. Expensive but anything worth doing seems to be anyhow.
5	Well...we had booked the 90 minute helicopter only tour from Boulder City. We were picked up on time from hotel and taken to the Boulder City airport where we promptly checked in. In total we paid about $200 each for the tour...found an online coupon.  About 5 minutes after checking in we were called to the desk...a problem (they say it was a technical issue with aircraft...I think we were the only ones who booked this tour). Anyway...next thing we know, they have given us a free upgrade to the full deluxe package (minus the Skywalk - which is a money suck anyway and rally not worth it from everyone we spoke to). We had a small plane ride from Boulder City to Grand Canyon - awesome! Then a helicopter down to canyon - again awesome. Pontoon boat ride - short but fun. Then back up in helicopter...again awesome. Finally we were bussed to Guano Point and had lunch (nothing great but not awful) and had 2 hours to explore...again totally awesome. And then back to Boulder city by small plane - seats 18.  What a great day. The people at Papillion have this down to a science...they get everyone where they are going in the right order and on time. Sure you have to wait a bit here and there..,but no biggy. Finally made it back to hotel around 430 after a totally exhausting and rewarding day. The best part of our Vegas adventure.
5	My wife and I booked the helicopter ride to the west rim of the Grand Canyon. Let me first say it was an excellent trip all around albeit a little expensive. The trip started at 5:40am for us and was picked up by the shuffle quite promptly at the hotel. It took us about 30 min to get to Boulder City and another 20 min to checkin and get ready for the flight. It was my first time in a helicopter and the experience was amazing. It was fairly stable throughout and we got a great view of the canyon. Btw, we paid extra for the front seats and it was worth it considering I was taking pics and videos the entire time. The ride was about 30 minutes and the pilot was friendly and fun the whole way. We landed in the middle of the canyon and just had a quick breakfast picnic. The food was meh, but it was nice to sit down and eat something. There really wasn't a lot of time at the canyon, maybe 25 minutes or so before we had to get going. On the way back, we took a southern route, so we couldn't see the Grand Canyon on the way back, which was a little disappointing. I think it would've been nice to reverse the route because the sun was in our face on the way there, so it was hard to take pics at times. Had we gone the reverse, the photos would've been nicer, especially when we passed by the Hoover dam and lake Meade(?). When we came back, we had to wait a little before the shuttle could take us back, but not a long wait. Overall, the trip was well organized. We got back to our hotel by 10am, so a total of about 4 hours for the entire trip. I would totally recommend it to anyone who wants to do it!
3	This is my third and least favorite helicopter trip.  The Grand Canyon is quite spectacular, but the pilot was not as good as the others I have flown with.  When we flew over The Hoover Dam, the pilot let the right side of the helicopter see the dam and bridge, but those of us on the left side had to strain to see outside of the right hand window. On previous rides the pilot was able to rotate the helicopter so both sides could see the point of interest.  The same thing happened in the Canyon.  He stayed on the right side of the Canyon so I saw the river almost the whole way in, and the whole way out.  The people on the right side of the helicopter never really saw the river unless they looked forward and around the pilot's head.  There is suppose to be an eagle visible in the canyon opposite the sky walk, but the pilot says he couldn't see it and brushed it off.  He did have much information as he played the tour in French for  our two French passengers.  He might have been new?  But didn't seem to have the passion for the canyon or the tour as my previous pilots.  This tour might have been spectacular had the pilot been aware of how it looked from the passenger's prospective.  He was polite and capable as a pilot, just not a good tour guide, and the things he shows us is what makes the trip.
3	We came to Vegas to celebrate a friend's birthday with a group.  One had already booked the helicopter tour for 3 people and thought their reservation was full.  On a whim, I called the company to check if there was room for 2 more.  I provided their reference # and the woman was incredibly friendly and helpful.  I explained that we wanted to go on this tour with our friends IF there was room for us to experience it TOGETHER, otherwise we had something else in mind that we could do (less expensive).  The woman said our friend's helicopter was full but had an entirely empty helicopter still available so she could move them & add us.  PERFECT!  So I was sold on those grounds. I shared the good news with my friends and we were all stoked.Unfortunately when we checked in they had no note of us being together and told us that we had to ride in separate helicopters -- which was 80% of the whole experience.  They had no idea who I talked to or why she said she could put us together.  Apparently they never promise that?  They weren't able to shuffle anyone else around because "it wouldn't be fair to them." I was REALLY disappointed to have spent $800 on a false premise. We would not have booked if we weren't with our group.  We at least took off at the same time and we saw them for lunch at the bottom of the canyon.  The company comped us the $20 photos they took...which was a nice gesture but didn't really make me a happy customer.The actual tour itself that my husband and I experienced ourselves was good, our pilot was great, the views were breathtaking.  Only downside is that I thought we had about 30 min on the canyon floor but it felt like closer to 20.  Had to rush to eat (see our friends for a few min) and rush back on the helicopter.  Not much time to walk around or take photos.  I barely ate my lunch because I wanted more time to look around.
4	Depending on how adventuresome you are, the Heli tour of the Grand Canyon was a wise choice for use.  The entire Papillon staff were friendly/efficient.  The 45min ride to/from the canyon went quickly.  the pilot was engaging and full of interesting facts about the Hoover Dam, Lake Meade, local Indians, and the canyon.  Not cheap but a once in a lifetime opportunity and we are glad we did it.  One consideration; Papillon is located in Boulder City and they pickup from multiple resorts.  I believe they advertise a 30min ride to Boulder City.  I believe it took an hour door to door.  There are companies that fly out of LV airport.  Also, they take your picture before leaving and present to you upon your return, but the cost is $20.  Well, once you spend many hundreds another $20 is a small price, but we do feel the picture should be a part of the package.  Regardless, we highly recommend.
3	I booked a flight to the Grand Canyon through Papillon. It was an aircraft, and not a helicopter. The sights were amazing. The plane itself is rather small. Tall people will not be comfortable on these planes. The tour was about 5 hours and most of the time is spent getting to and from the actual airport. There was a lot of wait time too, once we arrived at the airport.
