5	We arrived on a Thursday night/Friday morning around 1 a.m.Can't see much in the dark but the resort seemed huge.  After check-in we drove to the timeshare/suite.  I noticed an abundance of parking spots, which would come in handy the following day when everyone would be converging on our humble accommodations.  Humble my ass!!As we stepped in I immediately noticed a bedroom to the left with a huge plasma on the wall.  Farther down to the right was the kitchen and dining room, to the left the sitting room with a plasma on the wall above the fireplace.  I thought, "Wow!  very nice place!"  thinking that was it.  Not!  At the back of the suite was yet another bedroom !  We were under the impression that we were getting a one bdrm.  So here's the rundown:3 plasma t.v.'shuge kitchen with EVERYTHINGdining room fitting of a princess2 bdrms! w/private bathsjacuzzi in one of the rooms (ours!), the bubbles!badass slippers (4 pair and very comfortable that everyone shed their own shoes to wear these for the day)patio (my nephew Dakota scared the shit out of us by sneaking up and jumping over the wall)washing machine and dryerfireplace (not helpful in 100+ degree weather but winter will be heaven)affordable room service (not provided by the resort but the company that does this is super cool)cable tv and dvd playerstereo with ipod baywireless5...count em...5 pools! (jacuzzi's are kinda scary.  you can't control the craziness of the jets or turn the fucking bright light off!)24 hour guest services and the staff are hilarious and accommodatingputting green, bbq and picnic spots & makeshift bars at each pool location!!Hrmmm...I think I got it all in.  ;)So I can only go by my own experience and that is my boyfriends family's timeshare.  That being said it was only $60 for both nights and $100 any extra night that we wanted to stay.That's a bargain, imo.I loved my stay and we will definitely be back soon.
5	woo hoo for free stays in sin city!!! my friend's parents own a timeshare here and so graciously let us use it labor day weekend. what i love about timeshares is that they have a full kitchen. i always take advantage of this, bring our own drinks and food, to save on the moolah. and to start the drinking while getting ready for a day/night on the strip. they've got huge flat screen tv's which i wanna take home. and if that doesn't get you, they have showers that can fit 8-10 people!!
5	What happens in Vegas doesn't always stay in Vegas.  Sometimes I run into such a good find that I have to tell people.  We were very happy to find we had traded into such a pretty home, when we had booked a weekend getaway.  Our unit was a 2-bedroom 2-bath apartment, in a building near the reception and concierge.  Wide-screen TV over the fireplace.  A shuttle to the supermarket and various hotels along the Strip.  In the fall the temperatures were OK, with daytime highs in the 80s and nighttime lows in the 50s.  We kept the windows open, so the aircraft from McCarran were distracting every now and then, but we both got used to it.  Yes, it is huge.  There are something like 20 buildings, with 8-16 units in each of them.  4 open swimming pools.  Two blocks from The Strip, but remember that a block in Vegas is 1/2 mile.  All in all, it was a great place to stay.  I'd like to see what the resort looks like after they finish rebuilding the clubhouse.
4	My friend's grandma owns a timeshare here so we stayed in one of the 2 bedrooms for New Year's weekend. it had 2 bedrooms, both with king sized beds, flat screen TVs and its own bathroom. The master bedroom had a jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. The other bedroom had a standing shower only, no tub. The only thing I didnt like about the master bedroom, is that there is no door that seperates the medroom and bathroom, but the toilet is behind a door. The lace was decorated nicely and it provided everything we needed in the kitchen and rooms. There also was a laundry room and a balcony. Also in the living room there is a fireplace and an even bigger flat screen tv, and a radio with an ipod dock. The only other complaint is that there are no elevators so we had to drag our luggage up the stairs. The resort is pretty big but they have golf carts to take you around the resort. They also have shuttles that take you to the strip, but I never used them because the strip was a short walk away. There were 5 pools/jacuzzi in the resort but I didnt use any :( Also at the check in they give you free popcorn and you can rent movies (for a fee). There are DVD palers provided in the room. There is also a dining table that I forgot to mention. The place is under construction right now so the entrance looks a little rough, but it seems that they are almost done!
4	stayed here again for Valentine's/Pres Day weekend. This time stayed in the 1 bedroom which was alot smaller that the 2 bedroom but still decorated very nicely. The placemis still under construction. They gave me a carnation at check in, in the spirit of vday. But no popcorn this time, and all they gave us was a protein bar as our "gift". something was wrong with our door to our room, but they came and fixed it w/o us reporting it. They only do housekeeping if you stay 4 or more days, so that sucks.
5	Our room at the Summer Bay Resort was one of the nicest we have ever experienced through RCI.   We were impressed from the minute we walked in the front door.   It was clean, very nicely decorated and even smelled good.    There was ample room with walk in closets in both bedrooms.   The kitchen was a good size and had more than enough storage space.   The large laundry room was a special treat and allowed us to come home with mostly clean clothes.    There were three 42" or larger flat screen TVs; one in each bedroom and one in the living room.     Everything about the room was top notch.   The resort overall is still under construction so I can't say much about the overall feel of the resort but the pool area was nice, the stafff was outstanding and it was great to be near but not on the strip.    We would love to come back to Summer Bay Resorts again soon.   Definitely consider this for a trip to Vegas.
4	Our room was very nice. The staff was helpful. The wifi service worked good.  Convenient location as well.
4	Summer Bay is a pretty great place to stay if you pay extra for the newly furnished rooms. Sure, there is a hell of a lot of construction going on, but the location of the property is perfect walking distance to the strip!Even if you were lazy, they offer free shuttles that go from the resort to numerous locations, up until about midnight.There are several pools sprawled across the location, and they are equipped with lounge chairs, tables with umbrellas, and hot tubs. The ONLY complaint I have about this place is the hassle you go through from booking directly through email with their agents.On the website, it says to email their representatives for special stimulus rates. So I did, expressed that I needed a 2 bedroom unit, and would pay extra to have the newly furnished rooms.  The rep emailed me back saying that it was no problem, the newly furnished rooms would be $160/nt.  Great!  Gave her the credit card info, got confirmation number, sweet.Upon check-in, the receptionist told us that our room was a standard 2 bedroom unit. I told him about the email arrangements I made with their rep, and he said that the price I paid was for a standard, not luxury room. He said if I wanted to upgrade to the luxury room, it would be an additional $70 per night.   After going back and forth, not really arguing, but more stubborn conversation, I asked him for his email, forwarded him the arrangement, and he talked to his manager about it.  He came back and said "Well I guess you win this round."  Uhm, what??? Win??? This wasn't a fight... I was completely in the right here....   the guy came across as such a jerk!In any case, that is just my only warning.... beware booking through their reps.... they don't communicate with the actual resort I guess.
5	This place was amazing! We stayed there about 2 weeks ago for our vegas trip and we were sooo impressed! Thank you RCI for giving us such an awesome place to stay at! Even with it being renovated the employee's were always happy and helpful. We loved the shuttle too it was very convenient! :) The rooms were so nice and clean. I personally loved the outdoor laundry room attached to the apartment/room that was awesome! It was like our personal home for a week! WILL STAY HERE AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN!
4	My family and I came out here to celebrate my parents 50th b-day.  We had three rooms in the Summer Bay Resort.  I must say that when we first pulled up, I was a little nervous with all the construction.  But when I opened the door to our room I felt so much better.The rooms have ample space in the living/dining room/kitchen.  You can tell that put some money into the countertops, cabinets, appliances, and furniture.  The living and eating space was nicer than some of the apartments in Orlando.  The living room was equipped with a DVD player, flat screen tv, and a pull out couch.  The bedrooms were just as nice.  One minor complaint was that the bed wasn't comfortable as I thought it would be.  Adjacent to the bedroom is a very nice bathroom.If you booked a room with a patio then you have a spare laundry room outside.  Which in the brutal summer heat isn't exactly the best place for a laundry room.  Also I discovered that the iron and ironing board is out there as well.WeatherMan Predicts:  Strong probability of feeling right at home. 100% chance you will have the ac cranking if you visit Vegas in the summer! A good place if you ever decide to bring your family to Sin City! But why would you? Ha-ha!
4	Nice location, 1block off the strip.  Stayed Aug 23-28th.Pros:-Huge suites with full kitchen-Balcony-Many pools on premesis, open 24 hours a day-King sized bedsCons:-Construction is an eyesore when you get in (supposed to be done late 2011)-Huge property, so get a unit as close to the front as possible.-Supposed to have maid service on Thursday, but they came Wednesday when we weren't ready, then they never came again.I would stay again, after they finish construction.
5	HOLY HELL.I found this place on expedia because my boyfriend and I needed a place to stay saturday night...and what a great decision it was to stay at Summer Bay.  The pics on their website and on expedia and pretty much anywhere on the web are outdated.  This place has granite countertops, completely new building (they used to be across the street from where they are now) and beautiful 1-bedrooms, yea that's right...ONE BEDROOM not just a room!!! Oh, and two 50 inch flat screens in both the bedroom and the living room AND a great spa tub... also they have shuttle service to the strip landmarks and other places.  The service is also great... very nice play to stay at  for a GREAT deal.  I got a saturday night for $75 and the cheapest on the strip for that night was Circus Circus....this was and will forever be a great deal...a one bedroom for a kitchen great tv's good location good service beautiful decor lalallalalala u know i'll be back. WHAT A STEAL! Thanks SummerBay, even the guards were extremely helpful and friendly :D man this review is all over the place, but i don't care.
3	Construction alert! The actual resort was nice but driving in is like driving into Tijuana. You have to drive over dirt and gravel to get in. The pool nearest us was closed for construction. Interior was very nice. Great amenities- laundry, dishwasher, oven, microwave, 2-person bathtub! Staff is very friendly and helpful. Air conditioning was great. Private balcony but our view was of a storage lot. This place has potential and I would stay there again AFTER the construction is finished.
4	If you stay here, you need to make sure you get a renovated room.We came here because of a time share presentation package and were put up in a 'marketing room' first and it was about worse than a motel plus a kitchen.Still decided to purchase a timeshare.. yes they got us... and then they moved it into a 'owner's style' renovated room and wow.It's pretty sweet.  Night and day.  They have two buildings left to redo so request a renovated room if you can.Free popcorn and coffee is always a perk.Fitness center is poor in my opinion but my wife thinks its fine.  Machines are pretty new but I prefer to get a more full workout.  It had a few cardio and weight machines.It's about 1 block east of the strip, which to some, is walkable... not to me in my opinion.
2	I stayed here with a group of friends and I would have to say the only pro to this place is the price. There were 8 of us and it came out to $40 a person....now here comes the bad.1. Heater did not work well. We would set it to 75 and I never saw the thermostat reach higher than 67. The only time I ever felt warm in that suite was when I had alcohol in me. 2. Be sure to turn on the water first before you take off your clothes to shower. I did not know this and had to wait 1-2 minutes for the water to warm up enough for me to step in. Even then the water was only lukewarm. 3. Both bathrooms are connected to their own bedroom, but in one of the rooms, there is no door between the bathroom and the bedroom. There is a door to the toilet, but if you want to take a shower you have to wait until everyone is out of the bedroom so you can lock the door. 4. No shampoo or conditioner was given. Don't hold your breath for any bubble bath products. 5. There were toilet troubles. One of the toilets wouldn't flush but it fixed itself.6. When we called for towels, it took kind of a long time for housekeeping to get to us. 7. Pullout bed is extremely uncomfortable. I'd have to say the floor was more comfortable than that bed. 8. Blanket for pullout bed is not warm enough. 9. 15 minute walk to the strip. It was worst in the beginning of the walk because we were freezing, but as you warm up, the walk doesn't feel like much. 10. Internet was so slow. It was comparable to dialup. 11. Housekeeping did not come at all while we stayed there.
5	I am a timeshare owner and this is my home resort. I could not believe the upgrades from the dump it used to be! I was so glad we bought them years ago at dirt cheap prices! My husband and I own a 1 bedroom and a 2 bedroom unit.The flat screen tv's in every room were awesome. The comfortable king size beds were so cozy I never wanted to leave the room. The bathtub in the master bedroom was huge! I liked the walk in closets in both rooms. We took our family with us on our last trip and it was so nice to be able to come "home" and not walk through a casino or deal with drunks to get to our room. The fitness center was small but adequate. There are many pools to choose from and even a putt putt golf area. This property is huge and you can easily get lost in there. The construction is scheduled to be completed in May this year and I can't wait to go back and see the new clubhouse. Being a timeshare owner, I'm spoiled. I will never stay in a hotel room again. I like being able to warm up food in our microwave or on the stove and have fresh hot coffee first thing in the morning. You don't have to worry about getting hungry in the middle of the night if you have snacks or food in the fridge. It truly is like having a home away from home.
4	Stayed here last weekend complimentary from a friend who owned a timeshare here.  The exterior of the place is currently under renovations but the most of the interior renovations seem to be completed.  I ended up staying in a 2 bedroom and the place was well equipped.  Tile floors, granite counter-tops, pillow-top mattresses, 42" Flat Screen TVs in every room. Other amenities include automated fireplace, washer & dryer plus dishwasher in your room as well. The resort is located a block away from the strip, but a "block" in Vegas talk is actually a good walk so I recommend using a car or the provided complimentary shuttle service they offer.  The resort is located directly behind Imperial Palace and Harrah's to give you an idea as to where it's located near the strip.The only negatives I can think of is the amount of High Def channels on the Flat Screen maybe numbered 5, so it was kind of waste a big beautiful TV.  Plus the fact that the place is under renovation, but I think it's due to be complete in the Spring of 2011.  Also, any time we had the urge to gamble, we just couldn't go downstairs like you can at a casino/hotel on the strip.Otherwise, a great place to stay, great furnishings, great amenities and great prices.
1	We've stayed here as a company for the CES show for the last three years, and the place has been under construction since our first visit. The rooms we got were the older, non-remodeled rooms, and are quite dated. There are newer rooms but there is no guarantee which room you will get. At least there's a kitchen, and a fridge, and walking distance to the Venetian. Wi Fi for the last two years was virtually unusable by any of us, and we got no help from the front desk. It was due to construction they said. Check in took each one of us 20 minutes too, for no apparent reason. Half our group had no hot water the last day. We will seek other accommodations next year.
3	I feel super ambiguous about this place and wish I could give it a higher score.We walked out of the airport shuttle and saw a dusk storm with blasting construction noises near the front gate. 2.5/5We walked into the reception, which was the temporary office made from one of the bedroom, and the customer service was okay but they seemed very impatient and just want to kick us out. They were probably super busy or they were suffocated in that tiny room with tons of people. 2.25/5Then they said they have upgraded us for free to the luxury suite! YEAHHHHH 4/5!We walked to the building located way inside the club and opened the door to our unit and OMG! it was so pretty! I wish my house is like that! They had a HUGE tub as well! There were 2 flat screen TV, 1 in the living room and 1 in the bedroom. The bathroom smelled so nice that you don't have to care about what to do with the stinky poop smell. They also offer free shuttle to the strip/downtown and we got a golf cart ride on our way out to take the shuttle (the stop was just located right in the front entrance, we were just lazy!) 4.5/5But...things are never perfect.Their internet service was very unstable.Hot water was just warm for one night. We called the front desk and they sounded like she was pmsing. Someone came to fix the problem fairly quickly though. Towards our last night of stay, we ran out of hot water at 2am and they said people are off work already, and we would either have to wait until 6am or do a room change. We were not allowed to just go to another room to shower, but we were asked to move EVERYTHING at 2am in the morning. NO THANKS! So we waited until the morning to shower.EW. 3/5
4	Great place nice room but pull out sofa no good so you need 2 bedroom for 4 people equipped kitchen, pools ok .worked great with teens.
2	Just spent 4 nights here.  The accommodations are fine, the small gym was nice, (but lacked free weights), and I enjoyed the pool, until people started smoking up wind of me.  This was billed as a no-smoking facility (they supposedly only allow it on people's balconies).  However there are no obvious no smoking signs by the pool and they don't enforce it.  Tried to have a nice lunch on my patio and smoke drifted in from the pool area so had to go inside to avoid it.  People smoked in the parking lot, so even putting luggage in the car, could not escape the smoke.  In spite of this, the smoke here was less than in casinos and clubs in big hotels.  If you want to stay healthy, I would suggest avoiding Las Vegas completely, I don't plan to go back.
2	I booked Summer Bay for a 5 day 4 night stay for me and my family. In total there would be 5 of us I booked the two bedroom/two bath rental unit. Due to research/reviews we knew all about the construction so we were prepared. What we were not prepared for was the "oldness". We are owners at The Grand View and with Hilton Vacation Clubs. We wanted to check out Summer bay for comparison, since Summer bay offered ammoniates that the others don't.. i.e.. free shuttles, plentiful parking and wireless Internet. But my oh my the units look straight out of an 80's home decor magazine. The unit was not a lock out as we were accustomed to but rather just a semi larger room with two separate smallish bedrooms. A small galley style kitchen, a decent sized living room, a nice outdoor balcony and two functional bathrooms. The master bath has the BIGGEST tub I have ever seen...could easily fit 3-4 folks in it, but the hot water literally only lasted long enough to fill the tub up halfway. While the construction noise was never an issue the walls are SUPER thin and we knew EVERY time our neighbors used their dishwasher, or clothes washer, or flushed their toilet. Unlike a lot of reviews our check in and check process was VERY easy. We got in around 7:30pm, A nice man by the name of Chris checked us in, we had building 20 room 207 which looked out over the pool/bbq area. Our three girls used the pool every evening, but word of warning..the pool is open 24 hours a day, and when some folks get back from a long night of drinking and decided they need to take a dip YOU WILL KNOW IT... We did go to Von's the first day and picked up several food items and prepared them in the room..all the kitchen appliances are adequate. Our daughters [ages 28, 14 & 12] used the shuttle service several times and it was always on time with a personable and professional driver. Now for the not so nice side... My husband telecommutes for his job and this was to be a half working half playing vacation. And one of the MAIN reasons we booked with Summer Bay was for the free wireless Internet. After check in and unpacking hubby followed the directions to connect to the Internet but the phone number given was CONSTANTLY busy. During our 5 days he called the front desk more then a DOZEN times and was ALWAYS told "Yes, it is down but they are working in it and should be up real soon". Well that was COMPLETELY untrue. If we would have known we would have never booked with Summer Bay....and Yes, I realize that not everyone needs/wants the connection, but for our family it was a necessity...Hubby had to go to other retail locations to use their wireless, and he still was unable to have the 3 conference/Internet calls that were scheduled. This was a HUGE problem for us, especially since we own our own business. We even inquired about getting our money back and booking another hotel, but we had already paid in full and that was not an option. Secondly, while it was cooler then normal summer [fry an egg on the sidewalk] heat, our room still required use of the AC. Well, we still don't know what the issue is/was, but the AC literally would FREEZE the living room and kitchen but would NOT even drop the temperature down in the bedrooms they were constantly warm over 80 degrees and slightly muggy every night. And we even closed all the vents in every room other then the two bedrooms, but still did not wrok. Not a pleasant sleeping environment. Thirdly on our second day we asked for 3 extra pillows and 2 blankets...the person sleeping on the pull out sofa was freezing. After a few calls and being told "we do not have any extras" I finally had a nice gentleman deliver 1 blanket and 1 pillow...and was told "if any more become available" he would bring some by...Well that never happened. It seemed extremely odd with the amount of units at Summer Bay that there were no extras, but I guess we will never know if they really had more or not since we will never be returning under these conditions again.
4	Looking for a deal on a decent place to stay in Vegas is quite a challenge especially during the summer. After calling hotel after hotel, I finally decided to try a hotel or a resort that is off the strip...We were renting a car anyway. I found Summer Bay Resorts on Yelp, read the many reviews...and contacted their Director of Rental Sales, Cynthia. Cynthia was very helpful, gave me all the information I needed, took the time to answer each of my questions and on top of all that...gave me an amazing rate of $69/night. $69.....for a 1 bedroom suite, full kitchen and a private balcony BINGOOOOO.So we finally arrive....excited...ready to hit the streets of Vegas...I check in and check in is a breeze. Please note that they do charge a $100 refundable security deposit and they want the entire stay paid in full upon check in. After checking in and getting my keys...we walk over to our suite. The area was very quiet, secluded and everyone was super friendly. We enter the suite and we were very pleased. Fully stocked kitchen with dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, microwave; living room complete with fireplace; private balcony; full size washer and dryer; King bed in the bedroom with walk in closet; huge tub and shower combination....and a private toilet :) Yes finally a private toilet!! OOOOOooo and the pools/jacuzzis are open 24 hours! And the wireless internet was great...a little spotty but it worked long enough for me to put some work in.I don't really have any complaints...the huge jacuzzi/shower combo was a little weird. It was just too much space in the shower for little old me. And I could sometimes hear the people above us but that happened like...once. And they have construction going on...but that didnt effect us at all. And our ice maker didnt work. I hate having to "make" ice....come on...I'm on vacation!I will definitely come back here. I loved how we had a fridge so we were able to stock up on the essentials..ya know...beer and liqour and of course....limes. I loved the private patio and the resort was quiet! No loud kids...no crazy bass from the speakers...no crazy 21 year olds!
4	I just got back home from a stay at the Summer Bay Resorts with my family and I wanted to write a review straight away. My mom describes it as a failed condominium enterprise, in the fashion of many similar real estate busts. But it worked out well for us because we rented two suites; each had two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a pull-out couch (not too bad on my back, either), fully stocked kitchen with utensils, plates, & dishwasher, televisions in each room (DVD player in the living room), a stereo with an iPod dock, even a washer and dryer. It wasn't a very fancy place, but it offered great value for the money. On top of that, the location was convenient and an easy walk to the strip (it's behind Imperial Palace). There were also five pools, and one very close to us in our complex. Next to the pool was a game room with pool tables and an air hockey table.If you're going to Vegas with a big group of people (we were a group of 10), I recommend this unconventional hotel. And it's family-friendly.
4	You get what you pay for, and I'm fine getting what I pay for here. Have stayed twice, which tells you that I came back. Pros: Price, 2 blocks from strip, plenty of parking, big bathrooms, and suite style rooms.Cons: Not directly on the strip if that's what you want, and early check out times (10 AM, SOMETIMES they'll let you check out at 11 AM).It's not glamorous, but it works for me as I don't come to Vegas to stay in the hotel room.
3	Very spacious rooms.Carpet a little dirty? or worn? can't tell which.Entered to laundry bags and trash bag from previous guests, called to have them pocked up. Not bad, just what it is.WiFi easy to get going with automated phone call for code. Fast connection.Single room and I have fireplace, sofa, chairs, dining area, full kitchen w/gas stove.Near entrance and seems quiet, though construction ongoing near office and I'm hoping they don't begin at 6AM!Really a bargain and only 1/2 mile from Sands Expo and Interbike.
5	This place is awesome. Beautiful, clean apts with balcony's, new equipment. Has 5 pools, covered seating areas and grills for BBQ.  Def recommend for parties of 4 and more.  Block away from Las Vegas Blvd...perfect for a relaxing getway with the chance to party if u want.
5	I cashed in a ResortCert/Getawayweek certificate for a week at Summer Bay Resort. If you want to stay at a quiet, non-casino area, but still close to all the action on the strip..this is the place!! Check in was easy, and everyone was very nice. The staff was very helpful with answering questions, and informing you of all the services and ammenities. These are timeshares with full kitchen, living room and bedroom with a full bathroom. The kitchen was equipoed with gas stove/oven, fridge, coffeemaker, cookware and dishware and dishwasher. Granite counters and a dining room table were in the eating area (see pictures). There is a full walk in closet, 2 large LCD TV's (one living room, one in bedroom, and a large guarded bathtub/shower in the bathroom. To say the least...it WAS SWEEEET !! It was unseasonably chilly during our stay, so the gas fireplace came in handyThe property is located a block and 1/2 from Flamingo/Harrahs on Koval Rd. Transportation to those casinos, as well as Rio, Circus-Circus, MGM, and Freemont Street was provided for FREE !! (They have a printed schedule which has a list of every stop and pickup site every hour. When you get back to Summer Bay, they will take you back to your room via golf cart...free! You can also call and be picked up from your room to the front where the buses pickup. Also, the property is gated, so security was never an issue! Swimming pools were heated and there are jacuzzis at each pool area. Each place has a balcony with it's own connected private laundry room. The balcony is smoker friendly, as I enjoyed a few cigars during my stay. I cannot stress enough how friendly and helpful the staff was at this resort. If you have the opportunity to stay here, I would highly recommend it!
2	Avoid this place if you can. New ownership a little shaky. Room leaked water from rain. Fireplace didn't work. Rough toilet-paper, towels and sheets. Showers don't get hot. WiFi iffy and spotty. Not courteous. Makes Motel 6 look like a great place. Not pet-friendly either.
3	I was booked here for a work trip, and well, there are pros and cons to being here.Pros:  Friendly staff, especially the drivers around the property.  Your own kitchenette, so you don't need to spend an arm and a leg on coffee, and you have a fridge to keep your own stash of beer or soda cold.  An opportunity to enjoy a little respite from the craziness of Las Vegas. It was VERY reasonably priced.Cons:  It's not on the strip, and getting to and from the property is tough if you don't want to walk, or don't have a car. Taxis must be called to pick you up.  The AC is very loud in the rooms, and does cut out from time to time.  The TVs in the rooms were Tube TVs, and the remotes didn't work, so I had to get up to do anything.  The wireless is shoddy, and tended to cut out frequently.  plugs for electricity were in odd places, if you wanted to do computer work in the room.  Dealing with the front desk was painful; to ask an in person question took me 15 minutes, and there was only 1 person in front of me.That said, if strapped for cash, I'd do it again, but it would not be my first choice.
3	Good n badPros: cheap, 24 HR pools, free shuttle (but infrequent), friendly staff, lots of security.Cons: no casino, only food is cafe open till 11pm, no ATM (really? It's Vega$), off beatin path,  no spa (uh its called a resort) bugs in the bathroom werent dealt with, air condition would go below 84 degrees.Unlikely to return, not really a resort, just an old apartment building renamed.  No amenities of any kind.  Yes it's cheap, but lots of better places in Vegas are.
4	When I booked a room at the recently rebranded Desert Club Resort I expected something clean and comfortable, with the basic amenities, and not much more. What a pleasant surprise to not only have all my expectations met, but many of them surpassed!The resort grounds were comfortable, with plenty of parking and easy access to the several pools. The staff were friendly, welcoming, and efficient. There were probably 50 people checking in when we arrived, and the front desk staff processed them all in a quick, friendly manner. We were told that the kind of room that we had booked was no longer available, so we were provided with an upgrade to a suite. That may account for how much I liked our rooms! For what we paid (not much), we had phenomenal accommodations: a two bedroom suite with a full kitchen, enormous twin flatscreen tv's, a very comfortable king size bed, and a bathroom with a gargantuan soaking tub with room for two. Or three, even, if you're into that sort of thing. This being Vegas and all. You could even get a pretty solid hamburger at the poolside grill. I'd have preferred for the pool itself to be kept a few degrees warmer, but it was comfortable and had a lot of room.The only complaints I have are really nitpicks. The wireless log-in process was a little unclear - it asked for your room number and a code given over the phone, but it wants the number in a strange format that you have to guess. Once I figured it out, though, it worked fine. Didn't use the shuttle, as it ran a little too infrequently to be practical. Nice to know it was there, though. And we had messages on the phone left for other guests, months before. Something to think about if you have people calling the room phone. Overall, it was a great experience. We're looking forward to coming back.
4	Stayed at what's now known as the Desert Club Resort, thanks to my husband's niece's suggestion. Her and her family have a timeshare property there. We checked in for Tuesday-Thursday. We got a 1 bedroom suite which was very nice! Flat screens in the living room and bedroom.  A nice balcony that also lead to a private laundry room. Modern appliances in the kitchen and a huge Cal King bed in the bedroom. The bathroom had a jacuzzi style tub that could've been fit for a party of maybe 6 people. Unfortunately, our A/C refused to work, which sucks for a hot Vegas day and warm Vegas night. Convenient location walking distance (for people who don't mind walking) to the strip. They're also building some convenient amenities like a marketplace for snacks and toiletries. We will definitely stay there again.
4	I couldn't believe what I got for what I paid for!  This place is really cheap and you're basically getting a mini apartment.  I got the one bedroom room and shared with 3 other people.  We were trying to make a Vegas visit while spending the least amount of money as possible which is why we didn't get the two bedrooms.Let's go room by room:Kitchen - I mean FULL kitchen!  Stove, fridge (full size NOT mini), dishwasher, plates, utensils, cups, a bunch of gadgets, can opener, blender, etc etc.  The fridge had an ice maker so no need to go out in the middle of the night to get ice from a machine. So of course we were trying to be cheap and we brought our own alcohol and stored it in the fridge.  There's also a small table with two chairs in there.Living room - it was a bit small but cute.  It had one sofa bed, coffee table, side table, TV console and FIREPLACE.  Two of our friends slept on the sofa bed and they said it was not comfortable.  Next time we'll definitely have to get the 2 bedroom place. The TV was a tube TV but really who comes to Vegas to watch TV??? I really didn't even care if there was no TV so I didn't mind. It has a FIREPLACE!  How cool is that!!  We didn't turn it on because it was nearly 100 degrees outside but I beat it's nice in the winter. Balcony - There was a small table and two chairs out there for the smokers.  They do ask that you don't smoke in the room and keep it outside.  So then there's a door out there....there's a FULL size washer and dryer!!  Also a vacuum, ironing board and iron.  I don't even have a washer and dryer in my apartment!  I was jealous!  Bedroom - Big comfortable bed, nightstand, dresser, another tube tv, walk in closet and the bathroom. Closet was pretty big and there were extra pillows and blankets in there.Bathroom - This was a bit awkward...there's no door between the bathroom and bedroom.  Well the toilet is in its own room with a door but the sink and tub/shower are out in the open.  If you're sharing a room, basically everyone had to be out in the living room so the person could shower and not be seen naked when they come out of the shower.  Oh well, we made it work.  Now speaking of the shower, the tub was HUGE!!!  I mean HUGE!  It was the size of a jacuzzi but without the jets. As for the property, I didn't really see much other than the main lobby and our room.  The lobby was really nice and so were the people!  I was second in line to check in and the process was fast.  Oh and we were early.  I think check in was 4pm but they let us in around 1-2pm. The shuttle was really convenient!  Only thing that wasn't was that they stopped at midnight but the strip isn't too far to take a cheap cab ride back.  This is definitely my place to stay now.  I don't care about all the glitz and glamour about the big hotels because all I need a room for is to shower and get a few hours of sleep.
4	This is a really nice place to stay at in Las Vegas. It is right behind the strip so it's within walking distance to the strip but it's quiet enough to sleep peacefully and gives privacy. Like mentioned in other reviews, the room has a full kitchen with appliances, dishes and silverware, etc, washer/dryer with laundry walk-in closet, two rooms: one small room and one master with a huge tub (oh yeah, and really, there's no door between the room and the jacuzzi-sized tub). Outside, there are two community pools with a jacuzzi on the side, and a couple of grills (which allowed us to barbeque) and have our own little party! :] This place pretty much has the whole works. and cheaper than a hotel room!Although, there was one day that the housekeeping did not arrive and we did not put out the privacy card on the front of the door. They left a voicemail and it was hard to understand -- I could only make out a couple of words out of the whole half a minute or so. They said something about we have to make an appointment? So we called back and they said they'd just exchange dirty towels for new ones. That was sufficient. (Actually, he just wanted to give us new towels and that we didn't have to give him the reciprocal number of dirty towels so that was nice!)Of course, I'd stay here again.
4	Just finished a great stay for the week of Thanksgiving as a time share trade. The clubhouse renovations are finished and looks great. The staff was great and helpful when we had questions.We were in building 18 in a one bedroom. The room was great. All of the appliances looked new and worked well. The whole place was extremely clean. There was a washer and dryer in a workroom off of the balcony. The balcony had a small table and two chairs.  There was a large TV in the living room and another in the bedroom (we were estimating 42"). They looked new and even had a place to plug in the HDMI cable we brought so we could watch stuff off of our laptop. There was a DVD player in the living room. The free internet worked great. There was a shuttle that went to the strip and other places around town. We did not use the shuttle but talked to several people who did and said it was great and ran often. We had our own car but at night when we knew we would be drinking, we just walked to and from the strip. It is behind the Imperial Palace (which is across the street from Ceasars). To walk to the strip you have to walk past an empty dirt lot and then you are in the Imperial Palace parking garage. It isn't ideal, but I felt pretty safe since it is a large dirt lot and there wasn't anywhere for anyone to hide or jump out at you. You would see someone coming from very far away. We did get to hang out at the pool for awhile. There are 5 clusters of buildings and each has it's own pool area. Each pool is "themed" but there wasn't much difference between them. Ours had an outdoor hot tub and an indoor hot tub. There was a little building with a workout area, the hot tub, and in the women's dressing room/bathroom there was a sauna. The outdoor pool was heated (this was Nov) and there were people swimming. One of the pool areas has a "mini-golf" but it looked like just one hole. Still, it might entertain children for a few minutes. We did not have our kids with us this time so we did not check out the game room, but I know they have one. We did not do any of the activities, but it looked like lots of fun stuff for kids and families to keep busy during the day.We have stayed at a Wyndham time share in Vegas off of Harmon a couple years ago. It was comparable to this one (although I think this one was better for walking to strip). We would definitely return to either of these - with or without the kids. Very nice stay.
4	Was really happy staying here. Wonderful, clean room. Spacious, everything we could have needed. Really close to the strip. Loved the bathtub and the fireplace!
5	I just spent three nights here and I have to say it was the BEST place I have ever stayed in Vegas!   We stayed in Building 14, on the 3rd floor, as part of a timeshare exchange with RCI.  Our home resort is in Aruba, but we just might make this an annual vacation spot since it's soooo much easier to get to from L.A.My first impression was just...  WOW.  We arrived at about 5:30pm and had to provide our name to enter the property.  The grounds were gorgeous and all the staff were super nice.  This remained true throughout our stay.  Every single staffmember we encountered smiled, said hi, and asked how we were doing.  Several offered us rides when they, in their golf carts, saw us walking to or from our suite.  Check in and out was also super easy.  The one bedroom suite was beautifully decorated, with granite counters in the kitchen and bathroom.  The kitchen had all new (or very well cared for) appliances.  Plenty of utensils, dishes, and cookware.  We didn't use any of them, because it was a short trip and we wanted to sample the local fare.  There were large TV's in both the living room and bedroom.  There was an iPod docking station with speakers, as well.  It was chilly enough that we used the fireplace one afternoon.  It didn't work at first, but we called the front desk and maintenance showed up moments later to quickly fix it.  That made for a cozy afternoon watching TV, as we rested up for more Vegas fun at night.  And can I tell you how tremendous the gigantic tub was?!  It was large enough to fit two people, side by side.  The only thing that could have made it better would be spa jets!!A resort shuttle makes regular trips to the Strip (Bally's, Venetian, and New York New York), as well as Harrah's, Rio, and Downtown (that last one requires a 24 hour advance reservation).  We used the shuttle to Bally's one night and it was super quick and convenient.  Otherwise, we walked the approximately 15 minutes to the Strip.  We often stopped at the convenience store at Koval & Flamingo to grab a bottle of water or soda, which made that walk seem even shorter.  We had our own car, so that was convenient for daytime travel, but didn't want to worry about driving after drinking & gambling into the wee hours.  It was warm enough one day to hang out at the main pool for a bit.  The pool was heated (in Feb), but I still didn't get in as I felt the air was too chilly in the low 60's There are 5 pools altogether, in each building cluster, and at least 4 hot tubs.  3 of the pool areas were closed for renovations and it appeared the fitness center and indoor hot tub was as well.  But that's okay.  I wasn't there to work out :)  We also ate at the Goldmine Bar & Grill one morning for breakfast.  I had a decent and satisfying meal of eggs, bacon, home fries, and toast.  All provided with super friendly service.I can't wait to come back here in the warmer months, when we can hang out by the pool and enjoy swimming to cool off.  We'll also be sure to bring some groceries and tasty beverage mixers to make better use of the kitchen!  Definitely a wonderful place to stay!!!
4	Great condo unit....really worth the time spent here...
5	This place was great!Yes, it is off the strip, however casino parking is free and this was a family trip so there was not heavy drinking so driving was not a problem. It took us less than 5 minutes to get to the strip. There is a shuttle but we did not use it so I am unsure of how it works.This resort is converted from apartments so the units are huge. We stayed in a two-bedroom suite and there was living room, balcony (overlooking the pool), two bathrooms, a dining area and a full kitchen.  There were walk in closets in both bedrooms. There was also a washing machine and dryer in the suite, which was really convenient. The couch was pretty comfortable. I thought the bed was really comfortable. I wish I would have brought my pillow, however their pillows were not to bad.The pool and hot tub were fun and so close to our unit. The waterfall was never on, however we stayed in December so perhaps it is only a summer thing. We had so much fun in the heated swimming pool, the waterfall was not missed at all.  The staff was amazing.  When the check-in person saw we had kids, he offered to switch our room to one overlooking the pool, we didn't event have to ask.  The concierge is super friendly and helpful.We went to Trader Joe's and purchased some groceries.  The kitchen comes with everything you need to cook a basic meal and then some! We did mostly lunch buffet to save money and had breakfast and dinner in the suite.We had a great time and I can't wait to stay here again.
5	I stayed here EDC weekend with a few girlfriends. One of the girl's parents have this room as a timeshare so I'm not sure what the price range is to stay here otherwise, but the place was great! Side note: It's now called Hilton something-or-another. We crashed here for four nights. Full kitchen, 2 bedroom, 2 bath. Walk-in closets and pull out couch in the living room. Nice flatscreen TV so I could watch Euro 2012 while I passed out after partying all night at EDC. Another plus - free WIFI!The master bath is where it's at. The tub was insanely huge and the bed must have been a Cali King. The pool is great, too. They have a restaurant right off the pool so we could grab some eats before heading off to EDC (we had the pizza and burger and everything was delicious). It's not right on the strip, but it's close enough (walking distance). I liked the security of it; when you drive in, you have to show your room key or ID that you're checking in to go inside. This way you know creepers aren't going to be wandering around the area. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	We stayed here for a week via a RCI timeshare trade and overall it was great.  Our unit was very clean, well appointed and for the most part quiet (except for one evening when an elephant upstairs dropped a safe or something).  There is a full kitchen with dishwasher (+soap), full size washer & dryer (with soap / fabric softener for 1 load), and a ginormous tub/shower combo that is big enough for even a heavy set couple to share a bubble bath *nothing to see here, move along, move along*  Bath & Bodyworks shampoo and lotion in the bathtub, but a bar of soap for the sink.  (I bought some cheap liquid soap from the Target a mile or so away).They have large flat screen TVs in the living room and the bedroom so we got to enjoy our ubiquitous hours of HGTV that we always like to have when on vacation, as a break from the casinos and shows.  Bedroom furnishings are on the ornate side.  There is a large walk-in closet and a safe, and the drapes in the bedroom do an EXCELLENT job of keeping the light out.My biggest complaint about the unit is that the mattress wasn't very comfortable.  I've slept on worse, but I've also slept on better.  A minor complaint is that the A/C worked better in the living room than bedroom -- it was cooler on my honey's side of the bed than mine :(  But, not so much that we couldn't sleep - it was just a hair too hot.   My only other very minor complaint is that the staff kept trying to call us, they would ring us about twice a day (at least, and unfortunately usually when we were trying to sleep), presumably to try to get us to come to a timeshare presentation that we had no intention of attending, so we finally just unplugged the phones.  How do I know it was the staff since I never answered?  Because we have cell phones and we didn't tell ANYONE where we were staying so anyone who legitimately needed to talk to us would have called our cell. And, we know how time shares work... we've been around the block a few times.Amenities that they have that we didn't take advantage of include regular shuttles downtown, to various strip locations and to the Rio.  We rented a car so we didn't need them.  They also have a restaurant, marketplace and pool area none of which we visited.They have 24 hour security at the gate, and probably the friendliest security guards ever - they always smile and wave when you drive in, assuming you have your giganto parking pass on the dash.  If you don't they do actually ask you to stop and check a list of names to be sure you should be there.  So we felt pretty secure.Parking is covered, a VERY nice touch in 106+ degree Vegas.  And parking is free.If the mattresses were more comfy I'd have given them 5* but I'll give them a solid 4.5.  The couch in our unit was a little worse for wear too but only aesthetically, it was perfectly functional.  I'd stay there again if I didn't want to stay on the strip so I could safely lush it up but I'd probably invest in an egg-crate pad or something to go over the mattress.
5	Beautiful villa to my surprise. Very much above my Holiday Inn expectations!
4	Stayed here on my most recent trip to Sin City.  Some timeshare I believe.  Anyways, not a bad set up.  The room comfortably fit about 8 of us.  Plenty of glasses, plus a dishwasher, fridge, laundry and dryer.  Not too shabby.The staff was great.  Security at the front gate will call a cab for you.  They give you rides around the complex. I wouldn't stay here again though because it's off the strip and it makes it a little inconvenient.
4	The hubby and I stayed here the beginning of August and I really don't have any complaints other than the time of year and it was extremely hot. Next time we will go after summer...geeze is was hot.... OK..the hotel decor was beautiful..contemporary..very spacious.. and the staff was extremely friendly.The room decor was good...pretty updated...in room fire place...large garden tub and all the amenities of home..stove..fridge..dishwasher..etc. There is a little grocery store within the hotel...of course beyond expensive but stock most things that you would need if you wanted to cook breakfast or have some snacks..or lunch..Also there is a lil grill spot near the pool.... We didn't eat any food from the grill but did partake in happy hour once and that was cool...There are lounge chairs if you want to lay out by the pool...bar stools at the bar for those that just want to chill at happy hour..The grounds provide a shuttle to the strip...mall...and Freemont...but with Freemont you have to schedule a time because the bus fills quickly. My only grip w/the bus was the AC being out with over 100 degree weather..not a comfortable ride... Cab service of course is readily available and the front will even call a cab for you if needed.
1	My wife and I are both Priority Club Rewards members, and we need to tell you of the most unusual and frustrating  and unprofessional experience we just went through at The Desert Club Resort Las Vegas.We stayed there through an offer / invitation from HI Club Vacations to look at their timeshare resort on arrival date of October 14, 2012. To sum things up quickly, WE WERE NOT IMPRESSED !  In fact, we were impressed in a negative way. Let me explain below.It all started a few months before we arrived; we were INUNDATED with 10 + phone calls and emails to remind us of the penalty of a no show; and constant phone rhetoric from HI about "you must keep this appointment" or we will charge you $150 per night times 7 nights. Enough already ! I had to request that they put me on a "no call list".  This finally stopped the calls.Upon arrival, we were again badgered with negative hostility about damaging the room and that we would be charged for damages.We were told that a $250 hold would be put on our credit card, just in case. Some other negative issues we had with the room and the policies are :1. No shower cap available for my wife2. I asked at check in for help with luggage ( we were on the second floor)   --  still waiting.3. There should be paper and pencil by the phone in the rooms.4. Charge for ALL out going calls, including 800 numbers.  --  very tacky.5. Only one tea and one coffee set up for the full stay  - we were told to buy your own.  This is not good for HI to promote this as a RESORT. It is more like a     upgraded apartment complex.6. Only one usable mirror in the entire unit.7. The room is so small that you can not open the refrigerator without moving the dinning room table / chairs.  The bathroom was so small that it could only      accommodate one adult at a time.8. No towel bars in bathroom.9. The tub / shower was not good for older adults as it was very difficult to step over and into the tub. There was no grab bar IN THE TUB.   The shower head was      poor as it had no pressure.Now for the worst:  .The final insult was that when we departed, they required us to strip the bed, put all linens and towels in the tub, take out the garbage,and sweep all the floors.     By the time my wife and I accomplished all of this, we needed a shower and a fresh change of clothes.I do not believe that  any hotel management, would expect the guests to exit the unit with this approach.  THIS NOT A POSITIVE IMAGE for any Holiday Inn or Holiday Inn Resort !
3	Hotel staff was superb! Unfortunately we attended a timeshare presentation. We were told breakfast would be served (plastic wrapped muffin from SAMs Club & Folgers coffee-that unfortunately had ran out as I reached for my styrofoam cup). We were told it would be about 1.5 hours & it lasted almost 3. Beware!!  Pushy, rude & if you say no very condescending. Too bad the hotel is associated with the timeshare business. Clean & beautifully remodeled. The only thing I would change about the hotel itself is the pillows. Hard & small-it's like sleeping folded cheap towels. Yuck!
4	Pretty nice place, just over this past weekend. The units are nicely furnished, full sized appliances and a huuuuuge tub in the bathroom. I brought along our Xbox for downtime while waiting to get your party on in Vegas. iPod docking station helps you with that also. Nice balcony fits about 6 comfortably which is fine for smoke breaks.  But what you really can't beat is how close you are to the strip. An if u need it there are shuttles that can take you to the strip. We just walked an smoked swishers which was fine with me. Defiantly will be staying here again
1	I am staying here at this very moment and the main reason for my 1 star review is because I was woken up at 10 AM this morning--after having gone to bed at 6 AM--for a biyearly fire alarm check that lasts for an hour. Okay, yes, fire safety is important and I appreciate that they are checking to make sure the fire alarms work...BUT, the management had the option of choosing what time to have this fire alarm testing. Seeing as this is LAS VEGAS--where vacationers are much more likely to be sleeping at 10 AM (and have hangovers, for that matter)--why wouldn't the management choose to test the fire alarms at, say, 5 PM instead? This makes absolutely no sense to me and I do not believe it is fair to the customers.
4	Great location off the strip but an easy 7 minute walk to the Riveara or Venetian.  The pools and hot tub are very nice and clean.  The entire grounds are well maintained.  It's nice having security at the front gate who are very friendly.  The rooms are nice and updated with huge flat screens in each room.  Although our room was facing Koval it still wasn't that bad.  Great view of the strip with Vegas noise is all.  Nice showers and well stocked kitchen with assessories.  Would definitely stay here again!
5	Loved the place! The two bedroom suite is perfect if u have 4 -6 people but don't want to be crowded. It is super clean and the service is excellent. The hotel is located one block from the strip, right behind the venetian, and it provides free shuttles to the stop and downtown Las Vegas. The suite has 2 bathrooms a fireplace a dining area and a full kitchen. I was very impressed and will definitely come back here. Best place I have stayed so far in Las Vegas by far!
5	What a great place to stay! I was here for about a week and a half on a business trip, and was pleasantly surprised by the overall quality of this Holiday In Desert Club Resort. I enjoyed my stay and turned the fire place on almost every night (and morning). I was working at the CES Convention at the LVCC, which is less than a 5 min drive away. It's a little difficult to find if you've never seen the place before, a little hidden but once you find it, you will love it. I will definetly consider staying here again, and connected with a few Vegas nightclub VIP Hosts who said they'd recommend this resort to their clients.PROs:full kitchen (stove, fridge, dishwasher)room is stocked with supplies (from dish soap to laundry detergent)HUGE tub/showerprivate balcony washer and dryer in every unitelectric fireplace with timerCONs:There are no elevators, so if you are on the 3rd floor and have a lot of luggage, be prepared to trek is up a few flights of stairs. Cleaning of the room has an additional fee
5	I have been here for 5 days, this place is incredible!!!!! The kitchen is great, the bedrooms are great, the bathrooms are huge!!!! When I arrived late at night I wanted to watch a movie on their DVD player and watch a film that I brought. Well, it turned out that it wouldn't work. I called the front desk and they sent up somebody to switch it out! Great place and very clean!!!! Heater and AC worked terrifically!
4	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Desert Club resort over the President's Day wknd. My wife agreed to a 3-night stay + "tour" (timeshare presentation) a while back so I was a bit apprehensive about the stay. It turned out fine though. The property itself is decent. Supposedly it's newly renovated and are still in the process of being upgraded/renovated. We didn't really walk around the facility much but there's plenty of parking and several pools. The room we were in was pretty nice and pretty spacious, although it seems the walls are a bit thin or not that well insulated (we could hear the people above us walking around at times). The property is within walking distance of the Strip and offers shuttle service (usually once every hour for most hours of the day). We ended up not utilizing the shuttle at all (the hourly schedule wasn't flexible enough for us), so we found ourselves walking most of the time. Certain areas we walked by off Flamingo Rd seemed kinda seedy but I wasn't too concerned as we saw a few police officers occasionally riding bikes around.We did the timeshare presentation on Saturday morning - I heard it was pretty low pressure, and I think that's pretty much true. I agree that it was low pressure but they were a bit aggressive - we said we were not interested multiple times and they kept probing (nicely) and even had a manager come out to try to convince us. Anyway, we got through it and got our "gift" ($200 cash back). Note: since these are timeshare units, housekeeping will cost you extra if you need/want it. Otherwise, be prepared to live without it during your stay.
1	It's a timeshare. It's not a hotel. Holiday Inn only rents the rooms. The moment you check in you are lied to and pressed into a time share sales pitch. When I tried to share these sentiments with the Holiday Inn online review website, I was censored on 3 separate occassions.Fuck this place. Worst hotel experience I've ever had.
4	It was a great place to stay. They have several gyms and pools on location and none ever seemed to be crowded. The location is pretty convenient. I was able to walk the mile to the strip several times a day. Though if your not in shape you may think differently. I usually run 7 miles a few times a week so a 1 mile walk is very easy. The staff was very friendly all the time. When ever I ran across one they always offered me the greeting of the day and asked if I needed anything. Rooms where spacious and suited my needs. I even took them up on the offer for the timeshare presentation. I was in and out within 60 min and had already mentally committed myself to be there at least t2 hours. I do the presentations frequently for the give always and this has to be the most low pressure one in 10 years for me. The only draw back with the place was the on site restaurant. I went there for breakfast and the food wasn't good at all. Also the service was slow.I will definitely stay there again just won't eat there.
4	This place is simple for me and I have rented it twice for my trips to Vegas. I get a rental from a guy I know for a decent price, and I was not hassled much by the time share sales devils. There are some great qualities and a couple annoyances.Pros:Close to the Strip24 hour pools and Jacuzzis (OHHHH YES!!)Flat screen tvsFridge, washer and dryerAbundant parkingConvenient general storeCons:Early check out (10am, for real?)AC was malfunctioningDisappointing GymOther hazy things I don't fully rememberBoth the Vegas trips I took here went fairly well, and the staff is pretty accommodating. I'm sure I will come back here at least another couple times, so hopefully the negatives will be fixed or forgotten.
4	Spent a week at the Desert Club Resort through RCI. Temperature was 116F on the hottest day. Midnight the temp was still 101F...The resort is located  off the strip but still has good access.. Accommodations were very good, A/C worked decent... I would recommend to others..
5	What in heck are all the hum-ho reviews for? This place is like home away from home! After being NICKLE & DIMED in LA, this place is heaven! If you have a family, friends or extended family, THIS is the place for you! FREE PARKING, FREE WIFI, FRIENDLY STAFF, BRAND NEW ROOMS, HD FLAT SCREEN TVS, COMFY BEDS, HUGE TUBS, IN VILLA LAUNDRY, POOLS in every complex, COMPLIMENTARY DVD RENTALS.. What else do you want people? Yes, we've been burned by time-sales pitches so we knew to politely decline. The lady was nice enough and did push a tad, but all you have to say is NO. STAIRS? Yes, if you are older, handi-capable, you may need to request a lower floor. We saw many older couples on the first level. Oh, and guess what? Bellman will BRING YOUR BAGS to your room for you? Cost a buck or two? Yes, it's a simple tip for the workout. AC units can be a tad noisy. They are older, but the advantages far out weigh the minor issues. We noticed the 2nd bed/bath that was nearer the AC unit was MUCH colder than our master (at the far end of the unit). What do you do? Close off the vent to the colder room and make the master vent is open all the way. Onward to other great things. Complimentary DVD's brand new cook wear and appliances. A maid came by daily to refill toiletries, make the beds, empty trash, change out towels. Did she mop, vacuum or do the dishes? NO, and that is OK. If you are used to staying in vacation villas this is very common practice. In fact, the fact we had someone come by to do these things daily was a first! We are used to staying at HILTON VACATION CLUBS (similar setups), and unless you call for things you need they never come by to check on you. So this was a huge PLUS! :) --- Marketplace has many great things to purchase for your villa. Yes, they are expensive. It costs them money to go and get these to bring them to you. If you spend $75 or more, the local VONS store will deliver them to your villa for FREE! The on-site "grill" was a huge mess. Only one waitress who clearly has not done this long was overwhelmed. The food seems all pre-cooked like Sysco products. Expect pool bar food to sustain you, not necessarily nourish, and you won't be disappointed. There was another lady there who was dressed like management and I would have been impressed if she was actually helping. She mostly stood by the cash register. On nights that busy, that lady needed to be busting some you -know-what to keep everyone happy. Let's just say, it was awful service, bad food (i didn't know what to expect) and we didn't go back. I didn't use the work out facility so can't comment, but so far, I'm super pleased and will def be back. I took advantage of a 5 night special and only paid $125/nt for my 2 bedroom. Crazy amazing! OH, and the shuttle service was fine. It works if you don't want to walk. Also, the complex is huge but the golf cart people are constantly running around offering rides.
5	This was great! Free shuttle to and from Strip, within walking distance to the Strip also. Great staff & rooms were very nice. Pools are open 24/7 too.
5	I stayed here this past weekend with two additional friends. We had a two bedroom suite in building 13 on the 2nd floor. The service was great and wr were offered a $20 voucher towards items in the resort. The living room has a gorgeous fireplace, pull out couch, glass dining room table and a full kitchen. The kitchen had a refrigerator with an ice maker, coffee pot, toaster, dishwasher,  and fully stocked cabinets.  The 2nd bedroom had a King bed (very comfy), walk in closet and a flat screen tv. The master bedroom has everything the 2nd room has ++++ a large jacuzzi tub with a waterfall shower head and the toilet is in a separate room within the master room. The living room is fully furnished with a flat screen,  ipod doc, pull out couch, and a instant light fireplace.Additional benefits: Outside patio for smoking with a patio table and chairs.Laundry room with washer and a dryerDoorbellFitness centerPool and jacuzziHotel shuttle to certain points on the stripI highly recommend this hotel and I look forward to coming back.
5	Our room was awesome! Very nice furnishings, newly remodeled, and we loved the 24 hour/late night heated pool. Would absolutely recommend this location.
5	Off-the-strip places are seriously underrated. We stayed here for six days, so the extra amenities which typically aren't available on the strip were well used and appreciated.The rooms aren't modern, but they aren't old. And I would definitely take the amenities here over a modern but minimal room on the strip. It's a 2 minute drive from the strip, and they have a shuttle to take you places. Room service was actually very punctual and polite too.Our unit had a full-sized and fully stocked kitchen, patio with a small table, bathroom with soaker tub, walk-in closet, bedroom with king sized bed, living room with a flatscreen TV iHome sound system and fireplace, and a designated laundry room(!!! seriously though, when do you get one of those in Vegas?). The buildings each have a number and their own pool and jacuzzi. There are also fitness centers with showers for each tower.I seriously loved staying here. If you're going to be in Vegas with family, planning on a long stay, or you're like me and enjoy these kind of features, definitely look into this place.
2	4 days/3 nights, 1 bdrm suite. Pros-nice kitchen and bathroom. Very decent exercise equipment. Friendly hotel staff, including the concierge. Breakfast in the restaurant was very good.Cons-bedroom so tiny that the bed takes up almost the entire room, so that when you close the door bumps against the bed.I've been to timeshare and other sales presentations, and this was certainly the worst I have ever witnessed in my life. This chubby man with painted fingernails spoke quickly, repeat himself over and over, and slurred his words. He could not understand the math be had written on his own piece of paper, thus could not explain the costs of time share ownership. Exasperating. My wife wanted to stab him in the face.
5	Great location in Vegas! Off the strip (behind Flamingo./Quad/Linq) so you have some peace & quiet but close enough that you can walk to the strip, take a complimentary shuttle from the property to various strip and downtown locations, and a taxi doesn't cost too much. And you have a great view of the new High Roller wheel!Great property in Vegas! Rooms are nicely decorated and have everything you need to have some 'normal' time in Vegas (kitchen with everything you need to make meals, free Wifi, HD tvs with HBO, fireplace, washer/dryer, etc.). I need some down time after being over-stimulated in the casinos/strip - the rooms/property are great for relaxing and getting ready for your next round. The property is nice too - 5 pools, BBQ grills, 2 workout rooms, small restaurant, and small convenience store. The staff I interacted with were super friendly and helpful. Not really a place for college kids wanting to party (although there were a few). Older age demographic (35-80) which I like because I don't want to wake up to staff hosing barf off the concrete ;)
4	Great location, on Koval, just east of Quad/Linq/Flamingo, middle of the Strip.  Off strip so quiet, but close enough to walk if you are in shape.  For the rest of us, there's a shuttle that stops at 3 places on the strip (no airport shuttle though), and runs hourly.  Room are very nice, clean, all the amenities you could ask for, fully equipped kitchen (though really, who cooks on a trip to Vegas?).  We stayed in a 2 BR, 2 BA unit.  Master had king bed, huge spa type tub, waterfall shower, other BR also had king bed, and their bath was almost as nice.  Didn't use much of the other resort amenities, but there is a nice pool, hot tub, as well as a business center to get your airline boarding passes, etc.  Security at the gate, fenced resort, some covered parking.  We had reserved as a RCI exchange, so we didn't even have to sit through a sales pitch.  Front desk service was very friendly, helpful (they had lost our reservation, as we came in one day later than originally planned, but were able to fix things up quickly).  The only not so nice thing was their housekeeping fee seemed quite high.  Overall, when I can't stay in my own timeshare in Vegas, this is a good alternative.
2	My wife and i decided to take advantage of the timeshare introduction "deal". We paid $199 for 3 nights here, and were to get our $199 returned to us after the "2 hour" sales pitch. The place was nice, the staff very friendly. Decent room (No elevators though). Then came the timeshare pitch. We were assigned a very nice lady rep ("Kimber"). She was very thorough, but it was so obvious of the brainwashing training that they receive. The timeshare price went from about $42.000.00 down to $11,000.00. They make it sound like such a great deal......they all tour these reconditioned rooms and tell you that they can "make you a special deal just for you".Very funny. After 2 1//2 hours, we wouldn't budge. I told her that I do not buy ANYTHING in one day, not even a pair of shoes. They try harder to get a commitment, because now that you know what they offer, you can easily look up reviews. (and I did).Once Kimber gave up, a guy named "Tom" came over with a huge smile. He offered us a 24 month packaged vacation, no interest payments of $69.00/month. He promised that our $11,000 offer would be extended for these 24 months if we bought this vacation package. i asked to look at the contract, he happily retrieved one. I looked at it, it had his 24 month package on there as he explained it, but it also had the other deal at $19,000.00, not the $11,000.00 that we spoke of. I challenged him on it, he said that this was a general form from Florida. I told him to modify it and add the $11,000.00 agreement, he said "i cannot do that". When I said "no deal then", he became angry and acted like a spoiled child. Really, I was embarrassed for him the way he acted in front of my wife. He turned red in the face, stood up rapidly bundling his paperwork and said "I don't have time for this, follow the hallway and get your money". What a jack ass. In fact, they are all jack asses. Don't do it. Look up airbnb.com and see the many options for great vacations without cheating commitments. Look at the reviews from their own employees on ripoffreport.com, or even glassdoor.com. They screw and lie to their own employees. Hell, many poor suckers who regret buying these timeshares are selling them for pennies on the dollar to get out of it. Again, the hotel was decent, but a timeshare pitch is a timeshare pitch. I would do it again to get another free vacation, as I never fool for these and enjoy wasting their time and pissing them off.
1	Worst experience ever with a resort. from the roaches to.the terrible customer service. no house keeping. it's been an hour and a half and still waiting to.speak with management. definitely pulling my items  and leaving
5	My husband, sons and I stayed at this location for a week while visiting Las Vegas.  The staff was amazing and the property was beautiful and conveniently located.Highly recommended!Tami Dahlin
5	What is there not to like about this place. It's close to the strip but far enough away to avoid the noise and congestion. The staff is great especially I believe her name was Noel (and sorry in advance if I got it wrong) who has a baby, was obviously a bit stessed out at having to be at work when she wanted to be with her baby but still was there with a smile and took care of EVERTYTHING we asked of her promptly and enthusiastically. We own a timeshare in Florida have been to one in Hawaii and this place is the best yet!One criticism.......the pool and hot tub should be closed after say 1 a.m. There were people making a lot of noise at the pool two mornings while we were there at around 4 a.m. when most, if not all, guest are sleeping. This IMO is unacceptable.
4	I don't like that this place is not on the strip, but they have a shuttle that goes there. The problem with the shuttle, is that they don't let you carry your luggage on there, because what if your on the way to a hotel to catch the next shuttle to the airport? In my situation, I ended up had to take a taxi once. (I told myself I would never take a taxi in Vegas ever again, but it happened this last time.) Also, I don't like the time schedule for the shuttle when it first runs in the morning. First one is at 10A. Thats actually late if you wanna start the morning on the strip earlier than that. Plan your roundabouts accordingly...Anyway, this resort is quiet, its beautiful too. Just like any other time share, it looks like apartments. I've been to 2 other timeshares, but I think this is the best, only because of the way it looks & its more quiet. Nice swimming pool with a waterfall. This place is nice to stay at, if you don't care of  the"modern" look, as this has an older look to it. I stayed at a villa that had 2 bed rooms & 2 bathrooms. One of the rooms had a bathroom in it & has a nice big tub, designed for a jacuzzi. King beds in both rooms. Nice balcony with a lovely view of the swimming pool. Definitely a nice experience.
3	If you're looking for a quiet, off-the-strip hotel, this place would be perfect for you.  If you're looking for a happening Vegas resort, with crazy pool parties and spring breakers, this would not be the place for you.   This resort is set up like a condominium timeshare property.  There is the club house at the front of the property which contains the front desk, concierge, etc.  There are then a bunch of other buildings where the guest rooms are located.  This resort has quite a number of pools, almost one for every building, and they are open 24/7.  The crowd seemed to be in the 50-70 range for the most part, with a few families here and there.The rooms are newly renovated.  They have full kitchens, living areas, and smallish bedrooms.  Some rooms also have balconies.  The rooms are nice, but nothing spectacular.  All of the staff I encountered were very friendly and professional.  I felt welcomed.I do have a few complaints though.  I don't appreciate the gimmick at check-in where they give you a "$20 certificate" to be used on the strip for shows.  They give it to you at the check-in desk, and then direct you to another desk, where you are then directed to yet another desk.  Essentially they give you a minor discount on shows if you agree to listen to their timeshare sales pitch.  Trust me, not worth it.  When they give you the $20 certificate, acknowledge it with a smile, and then drop it off in the trash on the way out.  Also, there aren't any elevators in the buildings.  So if you have a lot of luggage, and are located on a higher floor, good luck!  Not to mention the heat.  But anyways, if you are traveling with a family this place would be ideal.  It's fairly inexpensive and there are plenty of pools and plenty of space in the rooms.  You are off the strip and away from all of the crazy drunkenness that comes along with it.  And if you want to visit the strip, it's only a 5 minute walk away.
5	This is a great hotel if you come to Vegas with a child. It is quiet, cosy, all rooms are suites.  It takes 10 seconds to get to the room from your car (unlike the big hotels where you have to take an elevator etc). They remodeled recently. All rooms are modern and stylish. Our family of 3 stayed at the hotel two times and each time it was great. I think the price is great for what you get (basically an apartment with all amenities and nice decor).
3	Let me start by saying the people working here are awesome. Very nice and helpful. That said, let me tell you about the resort itself. It can very easily seen for what it is. A rehabbed old condo-like resort. The pools are dirty and it doesn't seem as if anyone has skimmed the top to remove the bugs and tree material. The gym has a flat bench that's missing a bolt so be careful it doesn't move from under you. The rugs in the rooms are disgusting. The rooms are very spacious and the wood furniture is very nice. But...the sofa and chairs are so very old. My $1500/year in maintenance fees are clearly not used for cleaning and steaming the rugs. I would much rather spend the cash at one of the big names and stay in real luxury.The highlight of my stay was Bernie. She was fantastic. She went above and beyond. Isn't that what we want?
3	We are not owners here. We are owners in Orlando. Currently there about 8 resorts owned by Holiday Inn Vacation Club with most being on the East coast.  A location in Arizona has just been opened in called Zona or something. Las Vegas was opened in 2012 and soon after the building of Linc the Ferris wheel construction began.   So that's HIVC history for now. If you have read my reviews in the past you know that I like to put a lot of information and this will be no different. The staff here is most certainly the most attentive. Any problem small or large they are on it with one quick call to the front desk. My wife really enjoys the ice service. She calls says we need Ice and ten minutes later an employee is knocking with a 7 lb bag of ice. Fantastic! The grounds themselves where not built by HIVC so they are run down a constant service is required to the grounds.   The rooms are what you expect when it comes to furniture with the small upgrades of 50 inch LCD's mounted neatly on the walls in every room.  The master bedrooms have a fantastic four people or two large people size tubs. It's all very clean and initial supply's are plenty. Mom got a soft bed she's not happy. Wife got a hard bed she's not happy.   We have used the a pools so far every night. With these hot days is always best around 6 pm where the pool is still heated from the days sun and the shade is a comfort. No sunscreen needed. They have a very cool activities center that starts off at 8 am with a power walk following a smoothie. Yum. Then several arts and crafts follow throughout the day. There are two gyms which I've used extensively a game room and waterfall at the main pool next to the Goldmine restaurant. Overall HIVC is great. These faculties are old I'm certain if HIVC built new there would be a much better experience.   Really my opinion  is in comparison of our Orlando trip and wish that LV facilities would get up to those standards.
4	1 bedroom suite, with a living room and kitchen, approx $700 for three nights over the EDC weekend. As you know, finding hotels during this time is tough, but this was a pretty good deal. Located only a few minutes drive from the strip. There are like 5 different pools within the property, and one of them has a waterfall too! Pretty awesome. I chilled by the pool during the day time. The rooms were pretty sound proof as well. We did not hear any noise from neighboring units, and we were blasting our music with no complaints. Will definitely stay here again!
4	Great time staying at this resort. Will be coming back soon.
3	Being an IHG platinum level member means I've stayed at a variety of properties. This would be my first at a villa. It was not at the caliber I expected. First off, it was disappointing to be set-up at the one compound with the pool under renovation. The slippers that were provided were not one size fits all. The air conditioning did not circulate well and we had a gas issue with our oven.I did not find it impressive for the purposes of trying to convince me to join Club vacations. Service wise the staff was outstanding, especially the shuttle drivers picking folks up around the property or taking folks to the strip. The bell hops were exceptional as well.I did enjoy being away from the strip and having a sense of retreat from all the action, but the price would determine if I would return because I expected more from a villa experience.
1	Run away as fast as you can. It is obvious they only want to sell time shares at this property. They give conflicting information and when you call them on it they become beligerant. The reservation line is staffed with shady people who will not give out their last name our ID , ext. Super shady and hostile staff. Your better off somewhere else. The only thing I can give then a star on is that they are right next to the linq high roller ferris wheel which had an awesome firework display. Beware of the hidden fee of a couple of hundreds of dollars if you do not go to the time share presentation or they do not let you attend. Even thought they said government ID on paper they only want passport our driver license.
4	I stayed here for the first time over the 4th of July weekend. It was amazing. There were 6 of us and we had 2 beds, 2 baths, full kitchen and a pull out sofa. the pools and hot tubes were clean, and the staff were friendly. We needed a lot of towels and they brought them every morning. There were washer and dryers so we washed our clothes. and there was enough parking. The only con, there were 2 roaches. Enough said.I would stay there again if there weren't any roaches. I can't do those.
1	I stayed here to view the timeshare package. They were rude and wouldn't let me view by myself. I wanted to tour but the sales staff wouldn't allow it and threaten to charge me. The security attempted to try to take me out and Andy the sales manager stated that he would call the police. I debated their policy regarding that "couples" had to view the timeshare being that I can purchase on my own.  Never staying here again.
5	Fantastic place. Relaxed, quiet, family friendly place. Only one block from the hustle and bustle of the main strip. Attentive, friendly and helpful staff. Beautiful apartment. Clean and very well equipped. Lovely swimming pools and loungers. Free parking and regular shuttle bus. Would definitely recommend. Even better when you consider bargain price!
5	NoIt was my first time in Vegas and I didn't know where to book so I began searching on yelp. I found this place with great reviews and decided to book it on the weekend on July. I booked a room for two nights for approximately 500-600 if I remember correctly. It was two bedrooms with two restrooms. The rooms were very spacious and modern looking.Here are some great things about this Inn:-bar (woohooooo happy hour)-convenient store by the lobby - amazing pools & jacuzzi - nice clean gym- a game room that has Foosball, pool, a few arcade games - huge master bedroom with a big bath tub / shower and second bedroom which was spacious as well- walk in closets - cable tv - approximately 10 minute walk to the LINQ etc etc etc Book this place! You wont regret it but do come in a group to cut the cost.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here in exchange for attending the timeshare preview. It was terrifying to think what we would have to go through in order to stay here...practically for free! But I will get to that shortly.The villa we stayed in is the nicest hotel room I've ever been in. Everything is included. Dishes, personal washer/dryer, pots/pans to cook with in the full kitchen, etc. There is no maid service. You are provided with basic cleaning supplies to do upkeep during your stay, but you do not have to leave it looking perfect. It's like a little home away from home.It's nice to have 5 different swimming pools to choose from. My personal favorite was the main pool, it has a waterfall and it had the coldest water. The hot tubs are nice too. The staff were wonderful. Very polite and professional. What more could you expect?I like that this place is not too far from the strip. It's about a 10 minute walk. It's very quiet here, never had problems with noises. It's also gated in so not just anyone can come in except guests. The free shuttle service is also a nice plus! Now on to the horrific timeshare part! We were helped by Santiago. He was great. He knew we weren't going to buy anything, but it's part of their job to try. The Vacation Club package is actually pretty great when you listen to the perks and crunch the numbers. It's something my boyfriend and I will want to do in the near future. They kept us for 2.5 hours. They probably only pitched to us for 30 minutes of that time. The rest was just nice conversation. We got to know each other, we told stories. It wasn't boring! It got to a point where we got so personal that I ended up crying, because I never get to go on vacations. Without this deal, I wouldn't have been able to come here. I am so grateful to have been able to experience Vegas. Even if we didn't get the $249 back, that alone was worth our stay. (5 days, 4 nights) I'm sure that me crying probably helped get us out of buying anything that much easier, but they were so professional and they did not pressure us at all. I'm sure they were disappointed that we didn't buy anything, but they didn't let us see them sweat. They were so very nice. We would go through it all again if it meant having the same experience and service. Absolutely wonderful and worth it.
4	June 24-28, 2014: We stayed in a 2 bed 2 bath 1st floor unit with my elderly parents. My husband went to the WSOP.  It was a quick drive to the Rio and the free shuttle was nice. Unfortunately, walking was not an option as it was 113 degrees. The Linq is about 4-5 blocks away. We drove from SoCal, so we stocked the cooler with food and drinks. We found the nearest Walmart and bought more. We only ate out 3 times.Pros:  A non smoking resort! The rooms were spacious and they had all the kitchen amenities, including a blender. You could plug in your USB device in the living room flat screen TV and watch movies. Both bedrooms had smaller flat screen TVs. Maintenance was quick to do repairs. Gyms, spas, pools, water aerobics, and lots of activities for adults and kids!Cons:  No elevators in any of their buildings. In the smaller bedroom one mattress edge was broken down and getting in/out was tricky. There was little A/C flow to the smaller bedroom, not helped by the vent being installed upside down. This unit's remodel was shoddy.  The shower door in the hall bath was not hung plumb and it wouldn't stay shut. The tile work and painting were really bad. The power to the master bath went out. The pools were not heated (at least the 3 that I tried). No solar in Vegas, really? The onsite eatery was meh and very expensive. We don't drink, so can't comment on that. The guy above our unit lives there and would come in at 2-3 am and stomp around. They were trimming trees for most of the days we were there, so it was a little noisy.All in all, we had a great time. The shows were way too expensive, so we opted for off strip gambling and shopping. We still love the Silverton and the M has great restaurants. We lived in Vegas for 15 years, so we were able to visit old friends. It was nice to return after 2 years. We will definitely come back.
4	Good points - great location, parking amazing, beds huge, extremely clean, lovely pools and jacuzzi, lots of space in two bed suite, music systems, full kitchen, friendly staff, flat screen tv in every bedroom, balcony looking on to pool. Bad points - sofa bed uncomfortable to the point where couldn't sleep on it, decor slightly dated but very well kept. In general a wonderful place to stay. Really really happy. So clean and well kept. Great staff.
3	Reception area was nice and cozy. We checked in at the member's lounge and got some free soda. Hence the 3 stars.We stayed at a 2 bedroom suite with a full kitchen and a washer & dryer. Not too shabby. Small little patio/balcony was a nice touch. It felt like an apartment. My only beef was with the bed. Having stayed at different hotels in Vegas, their bed was not up to my diva-like standards. Pool was fine. Arcade will cost ya!
4	The location for this place is great, although the property could build a better straight shot pedestrian walkway TO the Strip.  Instead you have to walk all the way around OR through High Roller's HOT parking lot.  Lots of pools, a small market, clean and SPACIOUS villas, etc.  It's everything a resort should offer - definitely meets expectations there!  A couple bad things: - I specifically asked to have a view and be in a quiet room (I forgot they were villas with individual entrances).  She put us in Building 19 for a "view" of the pool - which added a 7 minute walk each time we ventured out to the strip.  You may wonder why we walked?  Because the Operator/Concierge REFUSED to send a taxi to our building. - Speaking of taxis, they REFUSED to call ahead for us.  We had dinner reservations (that we've had for 2 months) at 6pm one night.  We called at 5:03pm and asked to have a taxi waiting for us at 5:45pm.  They refused to do so.  So my husband went up early to call for one at 5:25pm.  I got up there at 5:53pm and the taxi was STILL not there.  We missed the reservation and had to BEG to "get in".  ONLY to find out, the Bell Desk walkies the other Bellman who stands at the entrance of the resort to wave-in taxis!!  WHAT TOOK SO LONG!?? - With the above in mind, they wouldn't call ahead a taxi for the airport either.  But they did say there is a complimentary shuttle to take us and that all we would need to do is call to arrange it.  So, we followed instruction only to discover that the shuttle is not complimentary, it's not private, and the shuttle servicers are quite the assholes too (likely because we were misinformed and we wasted their time). - The water.  Stay away from the water.  I am sure it's "clean", but Vegas water tastes like shit.  - Lastly and the most terrible was the thumping on Saturday morning!!  At 9am, we were rudely greeted by the loudest thumping I've ever heard.  I called and it was due to Building 21 is doing maintenance.  Really?  These people are working while I am supposed to be enjoying my vacation??  They really cannot wait on that specific project until 11am?  Onto the "time share" portion of our trip.  I personally thought it was a great experience!  ALL of our representatives were excellent!  Danny, the tour guide, was the sweetest, most informative guy ever! Youness & Christopher were awesome as well!  Although, we didn't decide to buy a time share at that very moment, we still learned a lot and know we have one more opportunity to decide!
1	I have stayed here a few times and while it is a very nice place, home like conveniences, the employees here every single time have been short and not helpful at all.  They are so quick to tell you "oh you cant park here, we dont shuttle at this time, we're not open yet (as they pear out the window at you in their snack bar) Etc".  Instead of them first offering how to help you they like to immediately point out how wrong you are leaving you with an uncomfortable and very non welcoming atmosphere.This is my 3rd and last time i will stay here!  There are plenty of of other options just around the corner that will apreciate my business.Its not my first rodeo either...i stay in a hotel. Approx 150 nites a year.Adios Holiday Inn Vacation Club Vegas!Sincerely,Thatgirl
4	I have stayed here several times. The rooms are clean and nice.  They have multiple pools and hot tubs. There is at least one exercise room with good quality equipment. There are  several gas grills that are very clean. I would definitely recommend this place to friends. The only negative is the plumbing. Every time I have stayed here, there was some sort of plumbing issue. I've had leaky faucets, leaky toilet and this time a funky shower.
5	Max, Mel, and Adrian were really helpful on accommodating my family from Asia. I'm grateful for the support they gave. Huge fan of the rooms as well and the superb customer service by the staff.
5	Nice clean room with everything you need, has full kitchen, washer and dryer, extra towels toilet paper tissues and pullout couch and balcony with ashtray. Refrigerator even makes ice cubes. We stayed here for 6 days and it was great. Walking distance to the strip. We had the smaller villa w/ 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms and it was fine for 5 people. I would definitely stay here again. Parking is good too.
