5	One of my favorite restaurants - perfect place to take friends when they're in town, but also great to just go b/c you don't feel like cooking dinner.  If you like sushi, make sure you try the seared ono.  No one does it better!
2	I wanted to like Kaizen because it was certainly lovely inside. But frankly, it just didn't do it for me. I've been there twice now, and while I certainly didn't have any BAD experiences, it just didn't wow me enough to justify the extra price. The rolls didn't really appeal to me as much. The service was fine, but it felt a little cold, which I found odd since it was pretty empty both times I was there. It's not like they were swamped. I might still give it one more chance, though.
2	we were very excited when kaizen first opened, sushi in walking distance is heaven to us. the decor is nice, the prices are decent, the service is good. but the quality of product (sushi) has been on a rather fast decline lately. we were just going for convenience, but have recently given up..we'll drive the xtra mile to sushi tachi from now on.
3	Just your everyday sushi place, but in a nice locale in North Las Vegas, near the soon to be built Aliante Station casino.  The lunch specials are decently priced for the amount of food you get (I ordered the Chicken Katsu/Tempura combination) - it was only like $7.99!The interior is really nice, though.  High ceilings, interesting lighting fixtures over the sushi bar... being an architect, I appreciated it.  But it was a good spot for a nice, easy lunch.
4	Went on a Friday night with a buddy after work. We were staying at a friend's house and he said this place is close but it's 'meh' and we were too tired to drive down to the place he rated 'oooh'For a Friday night we found the best parking spot, right smack in front of the door, not a good sign i think to myself. The interior is nicely decorated, simple but nothing distracting you from the 'eat and get out' attitude of restaurants.Service was very friendly, or i was a bit drunk i forgot...The food was nice and fast, flagging down a server could be a little slow but when you put your order in it came with priority. A few points of interest:1) VERY fresh - I usually avoid sashimi because i dont like the texture but something about the sashimi here made it VERY enjoyable to eat2) Kaizen Scallop Dynamite - located in the hot appetizer section. includes little scallops in a sauce that i want poured over my breakfast cereal with a crust of cheese on top. If you're going to get this order a bowl of rice and a spoon on the side3) Broiled Yellowtail Collar - Didnt taste very fresh to begin with, was dry from over broiling. A bit on the pricey side but i wouldn't mind coming back again next time i'm in this part of town.
5	I love this place!! an awesome lil hang out place with friends, the staff is cool and laidback (not constantly in your face) and it's quiet, not so packed that you get lost in the shuffle.
4	I love this place.  I am very picky when it comes to Japanese food because my family owned a Japanese restaurant for 20 years.  I know what good sushi tastes like and this place comes as close to it.  I have never been to the other Kaizens around the city but this place is really good.  My favorite is the bentos that they have for lunch, super cheap for a good amount of food.   They also had a special last time I went of yellowtail collar with rice.  It was so good.  The yellowtail meat was so soft and tender.  And for $7.50, I had enough to bring home.  I just order their mixed salad and the yellowtail and that was a great complete meal.  One of the best things I love about this place is that they have korean bbq ribs.  I know this is a sushi place but the korean bbq ribs are so good.  I have had a lot korean bbq and again this place delivers.  You can get it in the lunch bento for $7.50.  I would really recommend this place for lunch.  The regular price stuff is a little more pricey than what I am used to. (Though I am used to free sushi from my family's restaurant, so I may not be the best judge.)
5	Some of the freshest fish money can buy, and reasonable prices too.  I was in Vegas on vacation from Seattle home of some of the freshest sushi around.  Kaizen is excellent.
4	Well, I got the Japanese Lasagna and it was great.  I hadn't had sushi in a while so it brought my love back to life!  I wasn't impressed with the rest of the menu choices, nor the prices.  My boyfriend had teriyaki chicken and for that price , he got a ton of rice.  I'm not sure about the chicken to vegetable ratio though.  The lady was always refilling our drinks.  Service was quick.  Overall, not a bad experience.  Another thing, I couldn't "check in" to this place.  I see that other people have, so maybe google maps was just acting up that day.
4	I can say that the sushi is actually pleasant.  The atmosphere is quaint -- not over the top but cute.  My wife and I ordered 5 sushi rolls (california, spicy tuna, spicy crab and salmon tempura.)  I didn't care for spicy crab because they mix the crab meat with mayo -- but my wife likes it that way.  Cali and tuna rolls were good.  My fav was the salmon tempura rolls -- that was awesome.  They fry the salmon in tempura batter and then roll it.  Really good!For an appetizer, we got soft shell crab.  It was a pretty large size crab and is enough for two people as an appetizer.  However, the batter used wasn't your typical tempura -- it was a thicker kind of batter, like the kind used on fried shrimp.  Tempura is much lighter and fluffier, while this batter was hard and extra crispy.  I didn't care for the batter at all -- but the crab itself was very meaty.  Not sure where they get their soft shell crabs, but they were pretty meaty.For our entree, we got the Teriyaki Beef bowl with rice and vegetables.  That was good.  I asked for the Teriyaki sauce on the side because you just never know what a restaurant will do with that sauce.  They may end up using too much to where it becomes over powering.  So having it on the side was a smart choice.  It was very good -- vegetables were crispy and rice was well cooked and fluffy.The service was very good.  Very kind girls working there.  We were there on a thursday night (st paddy's day 2011) and it wasn't that busy.  The sushi was brought out within 3-4 minutes... way before the appetizer.  However, in all fairness, I should have known better.  No matter where you go, if you do not request the appetizers brought out before the sushi, then your sushi will often arrive beforehand.  This is because sushi is made very quickly, whereas appetizers take some time -- especially soft shell crab because it needs to be fried.  I had a good laugh when the sushi came out first -- and our waitress said she could take it back and wait until the appetizers were done, but my wife said no.  It was funny though -- no big deal.Prices are NORMAL -- and in some cases, GOOD compared to other places.  Their 50% off menu contains most of the normal sushi rolls most people likely order (california, spicy tuna, etc.)  If you just like sushi rolls -- then seriously, do not order anything else.  Most of the rolls come in 8 pieces, averaging $4 per roll.  Most women can probably tuck away 2-3 rolls, while men can put away 4-5 rolls.  So, for women, you'll spend between $8-$12 while men will spend between $16 - $20.  You can also call ahead and pick it up.  These prices are, as I said, normal -- but can also be considered cheap as compared to some of the more higher end sushi places.Total we spent: $45.00  -- which isn't bad at all considering there were two of us, we got sushi rolls, an entree PLUS appetizer and we got full.  The food is good -- give it a try.  It makes a great place to eat at before heading over to Aliante Casino to see a movie.  Not to mention, their prices are about the same as getting popcorn, candy and soda at the movies -- how scary is that?!!  So skip the popcorn and get sushi instead.  It's better for you anyway -- and Lord knows our country needs to lose weight.  :-)Final note:  The reviewer before me commented on the take out order being more important to the restaurant than the customers.  Nearly 95% of the restaurants out there do the same thing.  I worked in the restaurant industry for a long time at many different places, and we always catered to take out orders first that had large tickets.  That's just the way it is.  Get used to it.  A $600 order is always going to take precedence.  It may be wrong to do, but that's often what happens.  I feel bad for those people because they're right, it's not fair -- but at the same time, it could have happened to them at any restaurant... because this kind of thing does happen at MANY restaurants all the time.
3	I eat here for lunch all the time, they have great lunch specials.  Their bento boxes are the best deal - they come with soup, salad, rice, sometimes tempura vegetables, sushi, and teriyaki chicken, beef or salmon.  They've changed their menu and have new stuff on their lunch menu as well.  I wouldn't say their sushi is GREAT, but it is good.  It's a classy looking restaurant, the decor is pretty, nice place for an evening date.  It's fun to come and sit at the sushi bar with a friend.  Easy to have a conversation, it's a quiet place.   At least during the daytime, the service is mediocre.
4	The sushi was fresh and the service good. The atmosphere great. Happy hour all day,,  great !
5	Eat here all the time...some of the best sushi in Vegas...out of towners agree too. Happy hour all day Sun-Thurs with 1/2 off rolls....great deal! Order the Crazy Boy Roll + cream cheese and you won't be disappointed!
5	This place is as good as is gets in North Las Vegas.  I wanted something that was light and fresh, and nothing that the typical bar food places had to offer.Kaizen delivered.  Delicious, affordable, awesome atmosphere and friendly service.  Talk to Paul (he is awesome) or Michele (super friendly).Bottom line: go there!
1	I was vistiting lv and my friends brought me to this place.  One star for the great food but minus four stars for the horrible service from Michelle.  If your place closes at 1030p on saturday, please change your sign from 11p to the correct time!   Maybe you wouldnt have felt the need to rush our orders, payment and time out.  Really? Did you have to turn off ALL the lights on us while we were eating? And the immature attitude afterwards while speeding away from the place?  Unprofessional and definitely not acceptable.
4	Very friendly waitress and sushi Chef. The Palm Springs roll is to die for. I love the deco at this place, very clean and more modern looking than other sushi places. They have a 50% off menu, and a happy hour 7pm until ? with discounted drinks and a happy hour sushi menu.
4	I will not lie...my yelp love can be bought! This place is probably a 3.5 star restaurant, but I'll round up given the fact that the sushi chef gave us a complimentary poke salad =) Gotta love the freebies!  There are disclaimers to this review...North Las Vegas is not foodie heaven...in fact restaurants close early and there are limited options.  With that said, this place is pretty legit for rolls and the fish is decent.  They have a big sign outside that says 50% off sushi...which is slightly misleading since their happy hour rolls are 15% off....The rolls are typical of pretty much every average sushi restaurant, but the service was attentive and free food always wins me over.  The tempura cheesecake seemed like a creative dessert, but slightly lack luster.... I'll probably be back given the close location to my home and they are open later than many of the other sushi places in North Las Vegas.
4	Update to the review below: Received some wonderful and unusual extras in the sashimi plate I ordered. Some of the 'safe' regular fish, but also some nice extras added like super white tuna and uni. I had uni once before and didn't like it at all, but now I realize it is because the first time I had it, it musn't have been fresh. At Kaizen, the uni was really tasty! I'm glad I now know the difference! Thanks, guys!Great service, great food. Was also given a free taste of leechee-flavored sake which was wonderful, and may just replace my staple glass of plum wine! My sashimi plate was fresh and very artfully arranged. Atmosphere was light and airy, popular music videos play on a big-screen TV and it isn't obnoxiously loud. One qualifier: I did go during lunchtime and it was not busy at all, I'll have to see how it is during a busy night and at that time I'll update this review. Suffice to say, it is nice to find some great sushi in nlv!
4	All you can eat sushi in North Las Vegas that's decent?!!! It's getting four stars!
3	Location is a bit strange, had an excellent spicy tuna salad.  Fried crab was terrible.  Music is waaaaaay too loud and doesn't go with an Asian theme.  Had to eat and run because the  volume on music was just too loud and annoying.  Went to the one in Henderson and it blows this location away.
3	Pros: location- in the neighborhood, sushi is really good / different variety, clean open seating area, and quick service.Cons: full staff but no one really talks- bare minimum, not too friendly... Bad customer service. Overall, I'll only return for take out since its in the neighborhood.
4	This place has an AYCE menu now. I only started coming here after seeing the big sign outside the window. This menu must be fairly new because I've never heard about it before and it was the reason why I decided to finally check out this place.The AYCE menu is great with lots of quality appetizers, rolls, sashimi, to name a few. I noticed they had a lot of non-seafood items on there in case someone in your party is not really the sushi type. Here are a few items worth trying:Poke salad- deliciously served on some seaweed salad and a lil on the spicy side. Not too spicy but had a nice kick.Beef ribs- if you like Korean spareribs, you'll love these. One order per person, understandably so cuz they'd probably lose out if they served unlimited amounts of these.Snow white roll-shrimp tempura inside topped with yummy whitefish sitting on top of a tart and tangy sauce. Might have been ponzu, now that I think of it.Dynamite-the usual baked scallops in mayo but their version had big chucks of mushrooms and was covered in cheddar cheese. Very tasty!I can't remember not liking anything I ordered. Kaizen is def taking place over Sushi Tachi as my AYCE sushi spot in North Town. My only gripe is they don't offer half-rolls like Sushi Tachi. This sucks for me because I dine alone very frequently and this place makes it hard for me to try a lot of different things. If they offered half rolls i can try several different ones without risk of being scolded for not finishing or have to pay for the leftovers. Which I came close to doing the very first time.
4	AYCE is a great addition to this place. Great sushi and now great prices.
2	I came here for a bento box and did take out. While I waited for my food I noticed that the restaurant was really nice and the waitress that was helping me with my take out order was also very pleasant. My bento box came with beef teriyaki, rice, a few pieces of california roll, miso soup, salad w/ ginger dressing, pork gyoza, and shrimp and vegetable tempura. I also ordered a roll that was made with bbq spare ribs instead of fish. I did not like the beef teriyaki because it had a ton of vegetables in it. The california roll was disgusting because the crap was just a lump of fake crab meat and it wasn't even mixed with mayo or anything to make it soft. The tempura was pretty good. I don't like ginger dressing so I didn't like the salad and I didn't try the miso because I was really stuffed after eating everything else. I also did not care for the bbq spare rib roll. It just wasn't my thing.
3	This is 3 stars as in it was just OK.I stopped by on a Friday night at 5:30 and it was empty??? one other table and that was it.I sat at the sushi bar and decided to go for the AYCE.  I did enjoy a chef's special handroll.  I din't really care for the selection of rolls and the sushi on the AYCE menu.    They had a small choice of mostly cooked shrimp, crab rolls or it had salmon on it.  Other than the hand roll - I really didn't like anything else on the menu.  As far as sushi goes this sushi is basically intended for easy to please round eyes.This place is amiss when it comes to the "experience" of a sushi restaurant.  I almost felt unwelcome there.  Restaurateurs need to realize that dining is more than food to eat it is an experience.  It wasn't bad food or even bad service - everything was just ok.  I got the feeling that my business there was not appreciated.  Overall, a banal experience but it wasn't that they did anything bad it was just...
1	No stars, they were rude. I had guests from out of town come in I'm home why and the only place to eat where I've eaten before many ,many , many times was here and we got there 30 minutes before they were supposed to close and then actually let us dine in and long story short to put it in a nutshell, it was 5 of us including 1 child and they still turn the lights off while were eating 10 minutes into getting our food which was only 5 minutes from the moment they said is down in the rush this to get out and until they turned off the lights on us very rude I can't believe this ever happened that she's they know me there and I've been there many times with my lady, but hey, I guess that's how goes when you want to get out of work early and go party, nevermind money and your regular patrons right. !?! Not cool.
4	Best AYCE in the northside of town. Great food, need more staff - couple times we've been there and they seem to have one server and one busser, server was hard to understand but still delivered. Over all good food! Will definitely come back again!
4	My 2nd Kaizen Sushi restaurant I visited in the last 3 months.  I actually like the location across from the Hard Rock, but gave this place a try since there really isn't too many sushi options in North Las Vegas.  Mary P. starts her review with AYCE and that's what got me here.  The Paradise location doesn't offer AYCE.  Since I'm having all I can eat, I'm going to be all I can be.My Meal:-Sushi:  Tried their Yellow-tail, Halibut, and Salmon.  Because it's AYCE, the portions are bit smaller.  But it's all you can eat, so order more if you can stomach it.  All were fresh, but in my opinion thought the Yellow-tail was the best of the three.  -Sushi Roll:  Had to get a western style sushi as well.  Tried the Red Rock, which consist of Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, and Seared Tuna.  It wasn't the tightest roll, actually got a little messy.  Good thing I had my chopstick skills in check.  Roll was good, but after awhile all spicy tuna and tempura shrimp rolls taste the same.  -Chicken Fried Rice:  Probably the best item that I got from here.  I love me some friend rice, especially chicken fried rice.  Wish some adobo was mixed in, but beggars can't be choosers.  Healthy portions for AYCE as well. -Katsu:  Pretty good and one of my bigger order regrets.  Not because it wasn't good, but because it was just a lot of food.  I felt that the katsu was a too greasy, but it's fried food so what am I suppose to expect.  My other issue is that I didn't think they would serve it with another cup of rice since I already ordered the Chicken Fried Rice.  Carb overload for sure!!My dining experience was just okay.  I had great service from the sushi bar, but just okay if I ordered something outside of sushi. Restaurant is average sized with TV's at the bar and a projector on the wall.  My only issues...no brown rice and their Japanese Steak was out.  Overall, I give them 4 stars because it's probably one of the better sushi spots in North Las Vegas.  My next visit may just be for their Chicken Fried Rice.
4	Good local spot..
4	Went there for lunch and its just right around my neighborhood, Good for north Las Vegas resident like I am & don't have to drive far to get good sushi restaurant which is a plus for me. This place is steady during weekday. They have a good lunch menu with affordable prices. Although they only have one server, but for sure I was taken care off. Clean nice atmosphere. Good food, good price and Kudos for a place like this.
5	Awesome all you can eat yummy & sake. Good fresh and my fav sushi place.
4	Drinks are the reason to come to this sushi bar. Wide variety of martinis, the lychee martini is to die for! AYCE is a great addition and keeps me coming back. I now alternate between here and Sushi Tachi.
5	Super delicious, great service, superb specials!!  Try it, you'll like it!!
1	I am not sure what happened to this place, but the music is blasting, the service is terrible and what a shame, because this was a nice place .
1	I think the quality of food has declined recently and even got a little sick after eating there last time.  It's too bad because it used to be a great place!
2	I recently came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. Normally I don't travel over 45 minutes to eat unless I've heard SPECTACULAR things about a place, but it was the birthday boy's wish so I acquiesced. We arrived around 4 which is a slow time for most restaurants. Luckily we were still able to order from the lunch menu. We all order bento boxes, I went with the sashimi and chicken teriyaki. I don't know why I ordered chicken teriyaki, it's not something I would usually choose. It was ok. The fish were good, pretty fresh I would say. Nothing mind-blowing. The waiter knew my friends so he kept on checking in on us, he was very attentive and friendly. All in all, there are far better options near where I live and work without having to use up all my gas.
2	Overpriced.  Pretty good selection of rolls, but if you prefer nigiri sushi you can do much better.  Very nice modern decoration and ambiance.  The service is good.  The place is very clean.
2	Nothing special. Fast service and half prices select sushi but the food isn't anything special .
4	Service here is okay. Its typical asian service... meaning you have to ask for more water or tea. Food here is good. I had some roll that they used squid instead of rice which was very good and their udon is also amazing.
3	My husband and I visit Kaizen about 3 times a month. Being that we live minutes down the road, Kaizen has become our default place for sushi. There are not very many sushi places on the north side of town, but Kaizen is the best by far. We often take guests there, and they are mostly impressed. The service is sort of hit or miss. The waitresses speak very little English, so if you are not familiar with roll types that could be a problem. However, they are very nice and are quick to refill drinks. The service behind the sushi bar is good, and the rolls are served with a sense of urgency. I have always gotten fresh fish, and the vibe is nice, so I guess this means we will be returning :) The only reason I didnt give them another star is because of the loud music videos playing that do not match the scene what so ever.
5	The all you can eat menu has changed and has plenty of more options. They also have added sashimi to their menu and other special rolls such as York and yellowtail belly. The price is normal for AYCE but I love this menu more than most other AYCE menu
4	Since moving here we have been searching for a favorite sushi spot that does not require driving to the strip from NLV.  I have seen Kaizen before, its in our shopping center. We did a quick check on Yelp and saw a wide variety of mix reviews so we continued to look elsewhere.  Sunday night we decided to give them a shot, its close to home and we wanted to try something new. We walked in and were pleased with the decor, very nice, clean and simple. Much better than expected. We were greeted immediately and seated at the table of our choice. The table was clean, we were quickly handed menu's, water, and plates. Our server took our drink order without making us wait. (very nice BTW)  The menu was clean, easy to follow and read with some good quality pictures of selected items. We saw a appetizer that sounded great (Crispy Rice with spicy tuna), we placed that order while we figured the rolls we wanted. We ordered three rolls as our appetizer arrived. The portion was bigger than expected, the tuna was fresh and very luscious. As we finished our app. the busser was on point and cleared our plate. Our rolls began to arrive, I am sorry we can not remember the names but each was very tasty, fresh and well flavored.  We had a good time, enjoyed our food and took time to sit and enjoy the second Asahi and sake we were provided because it was happy hour. When it was all said and done, we ordered an appetizer, three rolls, two large Asahi beer's, and two large Sake for $70.00.  We will return, there were many other rolls we wanted to try. I have learned to not allow a few negative review's to steer us away, we loved it. We gave four of five stars for one reason and one reason only...We have a hometown favorite Sushi restaurant back in Windso,r California named  "Ume Sushi" They are THE BEST!!! and missed friends.
4	My go-to sushi / Japanese food restaurant. It help that I live just a few minutes away. But when I'm not in the mood to cook but still want something tasty, Kaizen is where I go. The wait staff is always friendly and quick. Often times, the sushi arrives before anything else.For my money, the best roll on the menu is the Japanese Lasagna. I'm also a big fan of the Tempura Udon soup. Occasionally I'll go basic and just get some friend rice. Sometimes, though, it is a little too peppery. Don't go there thinking you'll be too social, though! The endless looping of music videos is sure to distract you. Did MTV use to be like that?
4	My favorite place for sushi. Their prices are great for what you get and the ambiance is dark and modern. I recommend the caterpillar and dragon roll. They never disappoint!
2	It's a shame I have to give this such a crappy rating because the food is delicious but the SERVICE IS TERRIBLE! I cannot believe how horrible of an experience I had with the service. When it comes to sushi bars, I also like the chefs to come off friendly and approachable. These chefs seemed like they could care less about what we would like to order next.So, first thing, me and my friends walk in and sit at the bar. I noticed my spot didn't have a small dish for soy sauce so I requested one from the waitress. I must have requested it 5 times before she actually gave it to me. Then, since they don't serve sake bombs, you have to buy sake and beer separate. They have a "buy one get one free" drink special. So my friends bought 1 sake and 1 beer and got maybe a few sake bombs out of it. Completely uninformed about the rules of the "buy one get one free" special my friends got charged full price for both sake and beer. The waitress was well aware that we were under the impression it was going to be "buy one get one free" but failed to tell us, probably didn't care to. To put the icing on the cake, as I was checking my bank account and the waitress charged me an extra $5 for tip. What an inconvenience! That server was terrible and if she keeps that up they will go out of business.
5	This place has stepped it up so much. It's,like, not even the restaurant I used to think it was.The first time I came here, the service was so poor that I never wanted to come back. Well, I ended up coming back anyway like a year or two later ONLY because I remembered that even though their service was poor, at least the fish was fresh. I got food to go this time so I wouldn't have to deal with their crappy service for very long. To my surprise, the hostess was extremely friendly, as was the owner/manager (male) and I only waited about 15 minutes. The food was delicious and they took extra care in packaging it so that everything traveled well. You don't get that a lot when you order food to-go! I noticed during this visit that they started doing AYCE (they didn't the first time I'd been here) and since the service was nothing like it was that first time, I decided I'd try dining in again sometime.And so I did a few weeks later. I came through with my sister, husband and two kids. We got the AYCE (I think it was like $26 per person for dinner). The menu was HUGE, the variety was excellent. In addition to the large assortment of sushi rolls we Yelpers have come to expect at AYCE joints in Las Vegas, the menu also has a ton of appetizers and even smaller portions of some of the entrees. The service was quick, friendly, and the food was fresh and delicious. We brought my 2-year-old son with us and they said we'd have to pay full price if we wanted to share our food with him. Understandable, but he would never eat close to $26 of sushi so we ordered him a children's entree. Ummm... Did I say children's entree? That's what they call it, but this was a huge bento box with golden chicken katsu, crispy gyoza, spring mix salad, steamed rice, and hot miso soup. I could've eaten it for dinner and been satisfied! It was a super good value. I can't believe they give so much food for the price of a children's entree! Anyway, none of the servers ever rushed us or acted inconvenienced when we ordered more food (I'm looking at you, Sushi Tachi). Everyone at Kaizen was just genuinely nice and accommodating from beginning to end.Just to make sure this wasn't all a fluke (I was still skeptical because my first experience was that bad), I came back with my husband for lunch on a random weekday. We didn't get the AYCE this time, but they had a lunch special that was something like 2 sushi rolls and a salad for $10 or $11 (don't quote me on that). Yadda-yadda, the food and service were a hit again.So I'm sold. Kaizen is wonderful and I'm SO HAPPY that it exists because there aren't many choices on the north side of town. TL;DR: Kaizen used to suck but now everything about it is so awesome that it doesn't even matter that it used to suck.
4	After several weeks of trying various sushi spots, my boo and I decided to revisit this location for 2 reasons. Reason #1: it was five minutes from the house! Reason #2: We noticed the banner for them winning the Review Journal's Best Of 2013 award.(the Paradise location).  The last time we were here was in January. Nothing negative to say, just not overly impressed. To our understanding, there had been a turnover, so we were excited to see what changes had been made.  Wow!! This place is fantastic!! Staff was friendly and very accommodating! I'm not sure why there were other people complaining of "bad service", because we got none of that!  The fish.....DELICIOUS!! Very fresh! This place is easily the best place that I have eaten at in the last couple of weeks! We will be coming back! And being five minutes away is a bonus! Super Bonus: As we were paying the bill, the nice girl that took our money asked if we had one of their stamp cards. I said......"Whaaaaaaaaaaat?!?!"So your eleventh meal is free!! 2 down and 8 to go!
5	Wow- better than expected!!! Good food, fast service!! I got the seaweed salad, kids had chicken Katsu, and the dragon roll!!!
5	I love this place i've been coming here for about 2 years now. The food is great the desserts are very creative. I love eating here. Even though there is another sushi place closer i rather go the extra few blocks
1	A few friends and I tried out kaizen yesterday 11/20/13 for dinner.we've passed it a few times and always wondered how it was. So we have it a try. We walked in and the decor is very nice! They also have a projector playing music videos which is pretty cool. After a few minutes the waitress came to take orders. We got AYCE... Since we're new to the restaurant we were asking questions about the sauces,rolls etc because every sushi ayce does it different. We could see that the waitress was getting irritated so I told her I'm sorry but this is our first time eating here. We normally go elsewhere but decided to give this place a try. So if its good we'll recommend it to our friends. Her attitude kinda changed. I think she was trying to hurry up because shortly after she got relieved by another waitress who arrived.what I didn't find professional was that the initial waitress that took our order, had her son(looked 5yrs old) just sitting around on his iPad near a table by us..he would roam around and she would give him the go sit down look. Until she finally finished her shift and left. The waitress who took over was nicer. So we got a few appetizers like the ribeye,fried rice,yellow tail sashimi etc.. The were pretty small portions and some of the items you can only order once... My friend got the fried rice and as soon as she was going to take a bite.she noticed a piece of plastic in her food. The waitress wasn't around to tell but the busier was. He was apologetic and brang out  a new one. My friend wasn't pleased with the taste and didn't eat it. When the waitress came around we told her about the plastic and she did NOTHING about it. Not even a sorry. Nor a discount. Which was really displeasing because it seemed like no one cared. Anyway. Overall the taste of the food was bland.the fish didn't really have a taste.not fresh.. Service was descent. Environment of the restaurant was nice to look at but that's about it. I wouldn't recommend kaizen too anyone!
5	I don't care what anybody thinks. This place is the best place in vegas to get some sushi.I've been to a lot of places around town and even had a favorite sushi spot I would hit up often, but this one took the cake.It is a bit of a drive, but to me it's worth it to feed the hungry, picky beast that lives in the depths of my belly.The baked muscles are probably my favorite thing on the menu, along with the silver state roll.Once I start, I can't stop, and that's ok because it's all you can eat, and I have a beast to satisfy. The food is not the only thing I love about this place; the enviroment and service is top notch. If you are a sushi lover like I am, give this place a try.You'll be glad you did. I hear they have other locations too, I haven't been to them yet but maybe I'll go check them out and review them later.
1	What happened to this place? I used to live by this place and it was always a great sushi and bento spot. That has really changed over the years. I think with all of the AYCE spot in LV, Kaizen must have felt left out. Now they have AYCE and it seems the menu items have suffered because of it. The sushi is still decent, but taking non-sushi eaters like our nieces and nephews is not an option. The Chicken Katsu was sooooo sad. It was like a super flat, dry piece of chicken that was hardly breaded and were cut into 1/4" strips. It was worse than chicken straws at Burger King. The chicken teriyaki was more like a sweet stir fry. The rice was hard and the salad was completely soaked with dressing. My wife likes her dressing, but this was overkill. The service was pretty sporty as well. Our waitress took our order, but she didn't seem to know the menu. She insisted they didn't have chicken udon, but we showed her the menu and she said she was mistaken. Ummmm... Ya..... Our food came out at all different times and it just didn't seem as organized. I think overall it was a pretty bad experience. I think they are so focused on making AYCE work, that everything else is suffering. I hope they rethink that business practice. Not everyone goes AYCE.
3	We go here often as it's close and always good. Very friendly staff and they put together very good rolls. Never doubt when we're in the mood for sushi, this place is good, and worthwhile.
3	Very good...especially for north Las Vegas...Been there many times...Help seems professional!
4	AYCE is definitely the only reason my boyfriend and I keep coming back.  The fish is always fresh and the rolls are well made with a lot of variety unlike many places I've been to.  The fish to rice ratio is sometimes inconsistent, though, and the service here is pretty hit or miss-- more on the miss side. The last time we were here our original waitress didn't bother to let us know someone was taking over her tables since (I'm assuming) her shift was over, so we were waiting for a while for someone to take our order.  3 stars for the food, 1 star for the service.
5	Great service and outstanding tempura scallop roll paired with some Miso soup and a large, fresh salad.  All for under $20. I'll be back.
3	Okay first things first, the server was super rude. Made us seem like we were straight douchebags for picking this place to eat lunch. We are in the industry, we are not demanding and we tip really good. The food was 70% on point. We were literally the only ones in here and it took near forever to get our food. Overall I give this place a C+.
4	Love the service and dig the food. Everything I've ever had was delicious I love the Orange Blossom Roll and can't get enough of the bacon wrapped asparagus. Oishi!!
4	I almost went to another sushi place today since this place doesn't have great reviews.  But I gave them the benefit of the doubt due to it's so close from my house and doesn't have to drive far.  I'm glad I did because their service is great and fish tastes so fresh.  Definitely will be back and try other rolls, sashimi, and ramen. Their menu is so wide.
3	I really want to like this plAce because of its location. but its just not consistent they have failed me 2 out of 4 visits. on my last visit I ordered to go and ended up with a fish bone lodged in the back of my mouth...
5	Kaizen always has prompt and friendly service and amazing food! There are at least 10 rolls on their menu that I love, and I'm pretty picky with which fish I will and won't eat. Their All-You-Can-Eat is a really good deal considering that it includes appetizers, specialty rolls, sashimi, dessert, and anything else that would ever be on a Japanese menu. Lunch prices for AYCE go until 4, and they also do it on weekends. Kaizen is my absolute favorite place to eat in Vegas!
3	It's alright.. Not bad but not awesome!AYCE could be a little better. Kalbi ribs looked like some mini leftovers and I barely got any meat to get a true itdea what I'm eating. You can only order that item once, the came some Japanese Steak and It was some ground beef with teriyaki.. Wth is that? The sushi is decent but not like damn yo!! I travel for a living and try out a lot of sushi and this place is Aightt. I may visit again but not anytime soon.. I'll try the bento and give them a second chance.
5	I love Kaizen sushi. Their fish is always fresh and delicious. They have great rolls I can't find anywhere else like the Orange Blossom and Avocado Train. For dinner they include two different sashimi orders on their All You Can Eat menu. SASHIMI INCLUDED IN AYCE.  Awesome. My husband and I eat here about twice a month and we are always treated like good friends by the adorable servers and talented sushi chefs. We have never had anything less than stellar service. We love that they have a punch card for AYCE and your 11th is free. We have been frequenting this place not even a year yet and have already received two free AYCE meals.If you are looking for great sushi in an enjoyable atmosphere with personable service, go to Kaizen.
1	I really wanted to like this place but the portion sizes was tiny. I had there bento box with Chicken Teriyaki but there was more vegetables then chicken. It should have been called  Vegetables Teriyaki. Too much money for too little food. After dinner I went out to get another meal to satisfy my less than full stomach!
4	I usually frequent this place once maybe twice a month.. The foods always good (keep in mind I go for the sushi) but service can be a hit or a miss and lately it's been a miss the waitresses have seemed rude rushing us and inattentive... I usually go when it's pretty slow and depending on my waitress it can be a fight to get them to do a half roll on one of my rolls and if it's busy I don't ask but when there is only one other small group in the restaurant I mean come on. They have a great lunch special !As for me I keep going hoping the service improves...
4	Food is excellent and prices run average for AYCE. even the appetizers and iced tea are simply delicious. The service was better than other places but nothing above average. The food is good enough to keep me coming back but don't expect the most attentive of servers.
4	The sushi here is great! Living on the north side, our sushi fix usually has us driving across Vegas. But this place was actually really good! The AYCE is very worth it... in love with the crazy boy roll, crazy girl roll, Vegas roll, omg roll, lasagna roll, etc. The baked muscles are great too! I really like that they let you order half rolls also... so if you don't like something, you aren't stuck with 7 other pieces. ;)While the food is great, there are a few things I would like to mention. TIP: Sit at the bar, because the chefs take great care of you. The servers, on the other hand, are terrible. I have ALWAYS had to flag someone down for a refill or to make an order. I had to ask for splenda for my tea THREE times before actually getting it, which she also tried charging me for two teas on the bill. No apologies ever given either. Just shrugged off. I can never tip more than 15% when I'm here because of it.This place has a nice setting, the chefs are friendly and the food is great! But they need to step up their customer service with their servers... I always have to wait 20 minutes just to get my check and there's always something wrong with it too. I'll still give 4 stars for the food, because that's what keeps us coming back!
4	Great atmosphere with friendly staff.  Sushi was fresh and tasted great! Salsa Dancing Roll was awesome! Overall will be coming back
5	Ate here for the first time on Thursday 18th . It was AYCE.. It was great!! Fresh fish lots of great rolls. The Anna roll and the red rock rolls were Awesome!!! Service was good...the part I loved the most... Very thin on the rice!!! Sooo great! I loved it!!!!
1	No "to go menu", had to stand around or sit at a dining table while I waited for my take out order. $30 for 2 rolls and 2 pieces of salmon sushi, which is bad enough but every bite tasted like warm glue. Never in my life have I thrown out sushi before. This place and its food is the WORST sushi experience in my 20 years here!
5	When it comes to sushi I cant complain! I used to have to drive across town to get decent sushi. So when I found this place close to my home...Jackpot!! I prefer to sit at the bar. Thr chefs are hilarious and are a lot of fun. The sushi is soooo good.. I Especially enjoy the banana roll and ICE CREAM IN YOUR MOUTH..love the name...definately a nice environment to just come and hangout..and after 5 pm they have buy one get one free in drinks
4	Ordered some sushi to-go with some friends and it was super good. Yum-yum! Here was the line-up, no complaints with any of them: Calamari Tempura Roll, Soft Shell Crab Roll, Orange Blossom Roll, Kiss of Fire Roll, Avocado Train Roll ($15.95), The Orange Blossom Roll is crab and fried shrimp and a sweet orange sauce...with this one some of our dining partners had to be informed that just because it's sushi doesn't mean you need to dunk it in soy sauce. Also got some edamame with a (I think) garlic-chili sauce on top...not mind-blowing but spiced the edamame up a bit.
4	We were adamant in trying Kaizen just because my boyfriend said that the last time he was there, there was no AYCE & it wasn't even good. But that was in 2011. We discovered that they DO have AYCE now & they won Best of Las Vegas 2013? Well, based on the big poster outside.So we decided to try it out for lunch on a Monday. We walked in to silence; we were the only ones! Not a good sign. Then once we sat, people started coming in. There was only one server. He wasn't the friendliest or anything but was accommodating, nonetheless.Now the food.. DELICIOUS! Wth, why did we stray away from this place? Kinda kicked ourselves for trying it out so late but better late than ever. Idk about the mediocre reviews here but I loved the food. The AYCE selection is soooo extensive, compared to other places I've been too. I have a little attraction to restaurants with organized menus and this place does so that's a plus!They have everything from Garlic Edemame to Takoyaki to Deep Fried Banana Sushi to Pork Belly to Tempura Cheesecake. Everything we ate were SO DELICIOUS. Sushi was cold when it was supposed to be cold & hot entrees were hot. YOU need to try it! For sure!
5	Beat prices California rolls and spicy tuna rolls!! Fresh and great to go. The customer service is nice and the staff always pleasant. The seating is limited, but adequate. Great music and nice atmosphere.
4	First time in North Las Vegas for a wedding. We all decided to give this sushi place a shot since it was so close to our hotel. WOW was I amazed. The sushi was amazing. We even ventured into the "Something spicy" roll where you choose the spicyness of the roll. We went with the Skydiving level which was the hottest one. Man, it was delicious but boy did we under estimate the spicyness. Well worth the temporary pain. Definitely will make my way back to that place every-time I visit Vegas. About 20 minutes from the strip where we usually stay but well worth the drive in my opinion. In the top 3 AYCE sushi places I have ever been too.
5	Absolutely THE best AYCE sushi place I have ever been too, I have tried countless places all around vegas and this place is the best. The AYCE menu is three pages long, back and front and there service is very fast. It gets very busy and they get large groups that come in that do the AYCE sushi and they do a pretty good job keeping up with everyones orders, occasionally they will forget a roll or two but my group never really cares much. They are very nice and friendly and the food is very fresh and delicious. I recommend this place to everyone!
4	I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars since it's pretty expensive and I was only impressed by 1 dish of many that we ordered. If you like avocado, order the Avocado Train Roll...it's pretty awesome and has a ton of avocado and a side of crab/avocado that's pretty tasty.
3	It has a long list of offerings for it AYCE selections. The reported "crab" was invariable imitation through menu items. Service was fast tonight. Look at my check in for the rolls that worked for us. * half roll option is awesome'
5	This is my new favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas. I love the rolls they offer and everything always tastes fresh. The service is okay, could be better. Overall a great sushi place in Las Vegas.
5	Really good food and good service. If you eat a lot of sushi their all you can eat menu is perfect!
3	Because this place is so close to my house, I used to go it all the time, but began trying some other AYCE sushi restaurants recently. This place is decent and the variety of rolls are pretty good. Place is nice and relaxed to sit and eat it. They do offer a lot of rolls with crab, which are my favorite, but I feel some of the rolls are a bit cold that give off a different taste, nothing bad, just different. The staff has good and bad days, but what place doesn't? The price for AYCE lunch is good and rolls are given a good taste, but like I stated, some of the rolls are a bit colder than they should.
5	We moved here a few months ago from CA and my mom was visiting for my birthday. We were going to go downtown for Sushi but decided to come here when we passed by and saw the sign out front stating it was voted one of the best in Las Vegas. We had a great experience and the food was really good and fresh. We both got the Customer's Choice lunch special which comes with one more regular roll and a more expensive special roll along with miso soup and house salad. The dressing is light and has fantastic flavor. Our server Daniel recommended sake when we mentioned ordering some and we really liked the Yuzu flavor and kept the frosted glass bottle even!Service was great and we did not have to ask for anything because we were always checked on by our server and others in the restaurant also. They didn't bug us but were attentive. It was moderately busy in the late afternoon when we went. Definitely would go back.
4	A while back this place needed some help with the sushi. The fish and rolls has improved since the last time I came. The portions are small that way you don't get full too fast. The only drawback is they only have one waiter to wait on tables (lunchtime). Overall, I give it 2 thumbs up and wil make this my new sushi go to place!
5	Me and my husband were very impressed with the service and the quality of the food for a decent price.  The all-you-can-eat menu has a great variety to chose from....my husband liked the option of getting half orders which allowed him to try many different dishes.  Dont forget to try their tempura cheesecake too!
4	Our go to AYCE sushi used to be on the South side and we live on the North side.  We found this place and LOVE the quality of food they have. Now we don't have to travel so far. The sushi is excellent and you get your money's worth! I just hope they get more wait staff during lunch so that we are not waiting so long in between orders.  Overall the experience and food is worth going here!!!
1	I was hoping the food would make up for the  bad service but...it didn't...Maybe since I'm from California, my sushi expectations are high but bad service is bad service anywhere. Server: "hi, how many?"Me: "4, please."Server then walks away, assists another table and doesn't say a word. She puts 4 menus on a table and walks away. Nice way to seat us....NOT! Since I've never been here, I would have liked for them to explain that there is an AYCE menu and a regular menu. I had to ask them a few questions for them to tell me that there was a whole separate menu for a la carte pricing. She seemed really annoyed at the fact that I just didn't know. My bad! Geez!My tempura shiitake mushroom roll was the first thing to hit the table and it was made WRONG. When I asked another server what was in it, they didn't know so I had to show them the description in the menu. They agree to make another one correctly for me. The agedashi tofu was pretty good but it would have been even better if I had all of my food at the same time. My mushroom roll finally came about 10 minutes after everyone was done eating, which was about 40 minutes later. NOT GOOD. It wasn't rolled well and fell apart as soon as I tried picking it up with my chopsticks. When we finally got the check, we were charged incorrectly for our beers and I couldn't believe that they didn't comp me for my mushroom roll. Isn't that just good service and common practice? Plus this place is more expensive than most.Sooooo...food was mediocre and the service was worse. Needless to say, I'll be looking for another sushi place when I visit my family. On to the next one..
5	Food excellent,  waitress very attentive and friendly,  great portions, prices reasonable - we were first-time patrons.   Definitely will be back.  Must try the Yuzu Sake Aladdin bottle, very refreshing!
4	I've been coming to this location for almost two years now. Always love the AYCE! I've been to the other location in Henderson and I have to say this one is much better hands down.
4	We have been here before about a year ago and have been unhappy with the service.  The service was much improved and the rolls were very good.  They might have the best spicy tuna roll for the money.  Food came promptly even though they were fairly busy, table was kept clean, and waitresses were attentive.  Would definitely go there again.
1	Sushi fell apart, their salmon sushi tasted kind of funny, their Hawaiian roll fish tasted old, finally not recommended.
1	GARBAGE!Don't try to place a phone order, they don't speak English-no seriously they don't speak English!!!!!  Their customer service was horrible, rushed, and rude. The food was basically thrown onto our table and then the server ran away.  It's also overpriced and quality is very low and poorly made.Avoid it.....
4	Dined in this time and it was great. They have lots of drink specials (by-one-get-one) on various things. I got a hot sake for $5 and got a free second. There were an ample number of servers so the service was good. There were 2-3 sushi chefs behind the bar at any given time so the sushi came out fast. But it wasn't too busy on a Saturday night at 7 PM...about 4 groups total. We dined on a Hurricane Roll (spicy tuna and fried salmon on top) and a Avocado Train roll. The Avocado Train roll is awesome but I think it can get monotonous if you order one just for yourself...probably best to share in a group. The rolls are a little on the pricey side so if you're personally going to order more than one roll you  may want to go for the all-you-can-eat option at $26.95.
5	My girlfriend and I have been here on multiple occasions and think it's definitely worth going. The menu has a lot of variety and there's lots of different sake and beer available as well. The atmosphere is pretty relaxing and it's never too loud or busy. The baked rolls are our favorites.
4	We did the all you can eat lunch menu and enjoyed it very much! Baked Salmon Roll is now one of my favorites. We sat at the bar, right in front of the chefs and were able to place an immediate order, with very little wait time. They give you 1 1/2 hours for the AYCE. Certain items were on the dinner menu only; that's understandable. We'll be back!
