3	Food was good ,.. A bit dissapointed in the bar.  Went for their grand opening. For a place that brags about having a great selection of bourbon/ whiskey, I expected for them to showcase that.  No drink menu or specialty anything.
4	I must say I was very impressed with Cowbell! The former Nix location has been replaced by another burger joint that is a sister restaurant of Leroy Fox and Mortimer's. The interior is dark but intriguing and inviting. The feel is much more upscale than you would think of a burger place but in such a good way! I sat at the bar, which is a very good size by the way, but there didn't seem to be too many tables from what I remember. (FYI, this place looks nothing like the old Nix restaurant. It's been completely revamped.) I didn't even intend to eat when I went in for the first time last night but after salivating over the menu for a few minutes, I decided to order the Sweet Potato Corndog. Oh yeah... it was as good as it sounds! The batter was rich and sweet and the hotdog was big and greasy. The fries were up there with the best of them too. I also sampled a friend's sweet potato tater tots and they were excellent as well. My service was on point and I never had to wait for anything. The food maybe only took 10 minutes, which is always a plus. I believe my corndog with fries was only $6 or $7,  which was surprising for an Uptown spot. I only drank one beer while there but I did browse what seemed to be an extensive whiskey menu. I really dug the atmosphere as it was hip but not too stuffy or pretentious. There were also some pretty rad old school rock music videos being played all night. But what will keep me coming back is the food. I can't wait to go back to try some of the burgers as there were so many options that sounded downright delicious. Only downside? This place might just be a little too close to my home. Willpower is key here... ;)
5	Order the GFY burger.  You can thank me later.This place is off the charts awesome.
4	I really liked the place - staff was cool. Got the Boogans Bacon burger at the recommendation of the bartender. While the flavor was good it was overcooked (ordered medium). And the Mac & Cheese wasn't hot. So I told the bartender and he was genuinely disappointed. Said it never happens. Not that he didn't believe me just that they pride themselves on quality. Offered to recook but I didn't have time. Manager came by later and gave me a free card for a burger and side for the next time I come back. And I will go back because they handled the problem and treated me right. Kudos.
4	I loved this place when it was Nic's and I love the transformation into Cowbell. They have a wide assortment of burgers and some wonderful turkey burger options. I was pleased with the service. I ordered the turkey burger with mushrooms and topped with onion ring. My only concern is that the fries were soggy. I would return and  order the same burger with a different side. This is a great bar to go to with friends or during your lunch hour.
4	Interesting burger concoctions that will leave your taste buds screaming for more. I had the NYC, burger with pastrami, which was great. The sweet potato tots were really good. They were dusted with sweet cinnamon :PWill definitely come back again and again till I try them all!4/5- service was slow for a half packed house. Our appetizer came out minutes before our burgers. Kind of disappointed. Server was very attentive and considerate to our needs, which was a plus
3	Decor is nice&clean. Service is good. Prices are moderate. We thought it was okay. Maybe this spot is 5 *s  for beef burger eaters? My black bean burger was flavorful with mushrooms and goat cheese, yet it was lukewarm. Maybe the temp should be this for the burger. My honey's turkey was shy of being overcooked, yet tasty.  Would return but it did not knock our socks off.
4	Ok, I can't give an entirely fair review because all I had was the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. But, the four stars is based on the service and the amazing little finger sized grilled cheese. The soup was ok, but dip some of that sandwich into it, and it's a flavor explosion of yumminess in your mouth. :) The other thing I absolutely loved is the giant screens showing the old music videos. I may be telling on my age here, but if anyone of you remember... think of Remote Control on MTV. Heck yes!!!! I'd go back for that alone!!!I will review them fair and square once I've eaten a burger... I think my review will go up to the full 5 stars once I do!
4	Good burgers. They're quite new so still revamping on the menu and staff. Order took a while to come out , granted we had a party of 8. We were seated fairly quickly on short notice. All in all a good place to try again.
4	I like cows. Cows are so weird, yet so cool. Milk, leather, beef, I like cows.Cows, Turf Grass, Artsy paintings, Cows on turf, Cowbell has lots of cows!Cool burgers, Trendy Burgers, Hipster burgers. Cowbell has Burgers!I don't want to go as far as calling it a knock off of another hip burger joint, but it's obvious they're either inspired by or imitating them. With limited selections of a good burger joints uptown, these guys might be the new king.
4	Cowbell has a rock and roll theme. Which is appropriate for me, since I thought the menu rocked. As many have said, there's a flavor variation for just about everyone. The bar area isn't big, but there's quite a whiskey selection, which had my table planning a return visit.
4	I liked this place!!!  It was a little hard to find but once we got there we realized it was worth the hunt.  I was shocked to walk in on a Friday night at 7pm to a mostly empty restaurant.  Maybe others were still walking in circles trying to find the place but I was expecting it to be packed.  The bar filled up first and by 8:30 or 9 it was definitely "full" but you can tell they are still in the "need to publicize" phase.  Again, due to the location, you aren't really going to just stumble upon this place...you have to be intentionally seeking them out.  The atmosphere was very fun and as others have described it has somewhat of a "rock and roll" theme.  They had a couple big screen tv's showing some throwback music videos!!  It was everything from Smashing Pumpkins to Journey to 311 to Nirvana.  They also had a couple smaller tv's showing a basketball game.  Needless to say, the men were in heaven.  This really could pass for more of a bar than a restaurant and typically I don't seek out bar food but Cowbell really pulls together the combination of a fun atmosphere with a fresh/solid menu.We started with the pretzels and Guinness cheese dip.  AMAZING!!!!  The pretzels were bite-sized and warm, lightly salted, not too doughy, baked enough for a light toasted exterior and a mouth-watering finish.  They were so good!  Our table had a tough time deciding on an appetizer so I look forward to coming back and trying the fried pickles or sweet potato croquettes!We all tried a different burger so we got a pretty good sampling of the menu.  Everyone was very pleased.  The veggie burger was the only one that didn't get rave reviews...it was a little bland.The sides were awesome too...I had the sweet potato tots and these things were phenomenal.  They tasted like little bite sized donuts.  They were lightly coated in cinnamon-sugar and slightly crunchy on the outside.  They were pretty much ridiculous!  They are the kind of snack I am going to crave in the middle of the night and go to Cowbell JUST to pick them up.  They were THAT good. The regular fries were great too...they had somewhat of a parmesan crusted topping with a few other spices---crispy, long, lean, you get the picture...The service was good....almost TOO good...meaning, I think our waitress was bored because she hung around our table quite a bit.  Haha...we didn't mind but it is hard to say how the service is/will be because this was a pretty slow night.The menu is inventive but not over the top.  The food is good quality and the price point is reasonable.  The chef looked like he was 15 so I give him credit.  This is definitely another solid restaurant in Charlotte!!  I'll be back!
4	Very good!!! Loved the atmosphere! The food was delicious!  The mac and cheese and the sweet potato tots are a must try!!!! Lunch time was a little busy considering the size of the place, but service was fast and friendly!!
4	The restaurant space has been revamped, and feels much larger than Nix.  The bar was pushed back, further from the door, leaving ample room for mingling and table seating, and the vibe is hipper too, with tufted leather chairs and low red lighting.My favs:  Cowbell Chili & Smoked Cornbread, black bean burger, sweet potato croquettes, which are basically sweet potato donuts balls (or little balls of heaven, as Cowbell calls them), and Dali's fries with garlic aioli, buffalo, Parmesan, and fresh herbs.  I posted a full review on the blog, but these are the highlights.
4	I need more Cowbell!  I'm sure you are dazzled by my creativity...but not nearly as dazzled as I am by the new Uptown burger joint Cowbell.  Their location is pretty bold, located just a few storefronts down from Basil and Dandelion Market, Cowbell had to be good to stand up to those two Charlotte staples.  We've visited Cowbell a few key times for dining in Charlotte, once on an early Thursday afternoon and again for a late Saturday night dinner before a show.  Upon the second visit, it was clear that they maintain consistent and high quality service.  The hostess and servers we had both times were friendly, helpful, and outgoing.  There was no quick glancing down at a pad of paper when we asked about the beer list and they asked which type I would like when I ordered a Maker's on the rocks.  It is impressive for your servers to be as knowledgeable as your bartenders. They also have these delightful ice spheres...it makes you feel just as excited as a five year old with a swirly straw.  The drinks are very reasonably priced...another great example of "you get what you pay for".  Plus the variety of choices are huge...if you want it...they should have it. Moving on to the food. Again the service staff shines in the ordering process.  The recommendations we received both times were absolutely delicious.  Don't you dare leave that place without trying to the fried pickles.  The thickness of the pickle slices, the excellent batter that created one of the best crunches I've bitten, and of course a light but delicious ranch dressing makes this a dish you absolutely cannot pass up. The drinks and the pickles are just a tease until you get to the burgers, chicken sandwiches, and hot dogs.  If you are a burger lover...this is your place.  The menu will please frat boys looking for the basic cheeseburger to foodies who will fawn over the Umami or Asian Burger.  The quality of meat is outstanding and I've never had one cooked improperly. Another interesting characteristic is that despite the huge variety of ingredients some burgers have, the construction and presentation of the burger is actually quite sophisticated.  The kitchen staff does an excellent job with plating and each dish I've had looks gourmet.  And do not forget the Mac & Cheese, you will absolutely not be disappointed. Now here's the kicker...I've rarely seen anything on the menu that tops $10...and this includes entrees with side.  No joke. High quality food, great drinks, fantastic service...and you can get out of there full and a little tipsy for about $25.  I'm impressed...and you will be too!Oh! And the only reason I did not give 5 stars was the absence of a dessert menu.  Womp Womp.  Oh well, hopefully they will have one soon!
2	This the place where bankers who want to be hipsters hang out & it shows.  Overly fru fru burgers with 10 ingredients fill the menu.  I can't have tomato or onion so I went with the burger that had the least items & no onion bun, the wills, which is on a croissant with bacon and a fried egg.  You need to be able to unhinge your jaw to get the bun in your mouth, I gave up halfway through and just cut bits off the burger with a fork.  We also ordered the pretzel bites as an appetizer, which are basically very crispy frozen pretzel bits.  The wall decorations are clearly aimed at hipsters & wanna be hipsters (painted deer heads) and there was a weird tv situation going on where the 2 main TVs, which were in my direct eyesight, were on music videos but they didn't match up with what was playing on the speakers.  Rather odd & kept throwing me off.  Don't expect to get out of here cheap, it was over $40 for an app, 2 burgers & 1 beer.  If you're looking for a good burger go to Kickstand instead.  Better vibe, better burgers & better beer.
2	Some things are better in theory than in practice, and so it was with the burger I had at Cowbell. But first, the good:  great atmosphere. Much better than its predecessor burger joint, Nix. Clean, inviting, great for watching sports. The service was also great, if not overeager. I had no less than three people waiting on lil ole me, and it got kind of confusing. When they dropped the check off, I was taking my time (it wasn't busy, so I wasn't tying up a table or anything) and one of my army of servers came over to take it up before I even had a chance to put my credit card down. The bad:  the side I had. The cucumber salad. Since cucumber salad is the new, hip-happenin side du jour, I'd like to ask all the burger joints to have a sit down and decide how it should be made. This one was not good. The cucumbers had some weird sweet taste to them. And the vast majority of the cucumber salad was not, in fact, cucumber - it was raw onion. Ack. Go for some other side.The ugly:  the burger. I'm sorry to have to say that. I wanted to like it -- I really did.  I had The Bruiser, a blackened patty with mushrooms, horseradish sauce, onions, lettuce and blue cheese. Sounds yum, right?But noooooo. First there was so much blue cheese on it, it killed the rest of the flavors. But just to make sure I had no possible chance of tasting the meat, they doused the burger with about a gallon of horseradish sauce. It came gushing out the sides and it was clear from the get-go that I was going to need to eat this puppy with a fork (or a hazmat suit).  The onion kaiser bun was DOA from all that goo. There's also the issue of "blackening." Normally this means a little spiciness. Perhaps it was the killer cloaking combo of blue cheese and horseradish, but I'm thinking that the blackening spice used here was... salt. Blech.Finally, I ordered the burger medium. It came out overdone. And I'm not convinced the meat quality was all that good either based on what I could see after I used a trowel to scrape all the crap off the burger. It makes me sad that a cow gave her all for that travesty of a burger. Seriously - a huge disappointment. I'd go back if my dinner companion insisted, but I'd definitely go for a much, much simpler burger or something else altogether. But what's the point of going to a burger joint if the burgers aren't up to snuff?
4	Cool Place...but small.Buffalo Chicken Sandwich was really good...hot dog not so much.But we will try it again, not during lunc h hour though.
4	We were craving burgers, and decided to give cowbell a try and reading the nice reviews.  When you walk in, it is a really cool looking place. The decor is nice, but also all over the place.The service was great, too.  Our waiter, Drake, was extremely attentive and personable. He made good menu suggestions, and was always around to ensure we had what we needed.For an appetizer, we got the pretzels with the beer cheese.  They were good, but not great.  Mostly because I am partial to a giant pretzel, rather than the nuggets.The best part of the meal was definitely the burgers, though.  We got the burger with the fried egg on it and the croissant bun.  It was delicious and melts I your mouth. For sides, we had the sweet potato tots and the onion rings, which were phenomenal and complemented the burgers perfectly.We are looking forward to heading back and trying some more burgers!
5	Wow. We were wandering around Charlotte on our first night in town trying to find a good place for dinner and thankfully happened upon Cowbell Burger. I am a burger and fries girl to the core and this place was amazing. We started out with the sweet potato croquettes, which were so good. I know they are working on a dessert menu, but these legitimately could be dessert rather than an appetizer.  They were so tasty. For dinner, each of us had different burgers with different sides. There was not a bad option among them. The onion rings were incredible - not too heavy, not too much breading.  The sweet potato tots were great, as was the mac and cheese. Not a bad meal in the bunch. Overall, this is a restaurant/bar that we will definitely come back to...just the right mix of creativity, fun, and great food.
3	So much of a mish-mash of good and not-so-much that I have a hard time deciding! I'm already over the pretentious new burger joints. I get the wholelet's-get-topping-crazy and play with flavors, but there is a lack of authenticity when that idea takes over the comfort portion of your burger.Had lunch with wife and son. Got there early enough to not have to wait. Got seated quickly and our waitress came by to take our drink order. I always appreciate a quick drink taker! The menu is chock full of wildly topped burger combinations (but no just plain old bacon cheeseburger for the young folks, like my son, so we landed up paying for one of the 8 topping burgers with everything taken off but the cheese and the bacon.) (The bacon BTW was awesome!) I ordered the NYC (Kraut, Swiss, 1000 island, and pastrami). I like my pastrami sammies different, so ordered it with seeded mustard (they don't have) and cheddar instead of swiss. Seems that changing your cheese is a payable upgrade! Yep, $1 on the bill for a change of cheese! I also ordered the onion rings as m side. The burger was not ample. For $12 (and a buck for cheese) I would have expected a more formidable foe, but flavor-wise it was pretty darned good. Good, flavorful pastrami, and mustard are magic! The onion rings, though, were a patent-damned disaster! They looked phenomenal! Big, inch wide cuts of onion with a thick fried batter. There were only three o the plate but so big it didn't matter! Oh, except for the fact that they had no flavor AT ALL! They didn't taste like onion. They didn't taste like batter. If not for the tasty Cowbell sauce (a spicy aioli) I could have been eating the napkin for the amount of flavor they had. Such a sad waste of a side. My wife enjoyed her turkey burger but was underwhelmed by the fact that there were 2 pieces of roasted shitake mushroom on the patty. A fair bit less than one would have expected. Otherwise she was pretty happy with her choice. She really enjoyed the cuke salad which is cucumbers, onion and a light vinegar dressing.Service is where a lot of my issues lie, if you have read any of my posts. Our waitress was a pretty, sweet young woman. She started off fine but then she hit my sore spot about halfway through the meal. I ordered tea with "lots and lots" of lemon. On my first refill, there was not a ice cube left this side of the Appalachian mountain range. It was evident as she poured my tea, but was not identified or fixed. I cannot stand when my ICED tea has no ice! Anyone else....Beuhler....Beuhler. It's such an easy fix and yet allowed to just wallow until I have to ask. Also never received any extra lemon's which tweeks my heiny. These are easy service pints which are not being met by WAY to many in the service industry. Anyhow, overall, not a bad experience, just not a great one. For the price, I would have expected much more. I think, to a degree, they are catering to a crowd that wants to spend 12 skins on a burger just to say they eat there rather than finding a great $7 burger cause it's great. So, no more pricey hipster burger joints for this guy. Have been underwhelmed to often. I look forward to the day I can write another 5 star review (or a strong 4 star) but until then...Eat well.V-Dub
4	I was torn here between 3 and 4 stars but, with only one lunchtime visit under my belt, I landed on the 4.  The 4 worthy aspects:  Service -  Ate at the bar and it was friendly and fast.  Taste of the burger - Had one with caramelized onions, gorgonzola, garlic aioli, shredded lettuce and it had a nice combo of sweet and tart and savory it also came with shitake's which I declined.  Atmosphere - A little dark (in a good way) with cool art and those bangin' 80's MTV videos playing on a big screen.  Just an interesting place to look around and soak in.The closer to 3 items: Burger to bun ratio - While the burger was thick and tasted great, there was way too much onion kaiser encircling the burger.  At least 3/4 of an inch of a bun rim around the whole thing.  Burger Temp - In that, I was not asked how I would like it cooked.  I'm not sure if this is the standard practice and they simply cook everything to medium-well (which is what I got) but, given the choice and the recently enlightened NC rules on the topic, medium-rare is what I would generally order.  While I would not drive down here from LKN to get a burger given the number of good options up this way, I can absolutely see myself walking to Cowbell for lunch again or perhaps meeting a group after work for some drinks and an early, beef-centric meal.
5	Wow....wow....wow.  When our friends suggested Cowbell, I thought we were going to Cowfish.  My mistake.  We caught a late-ish dinner in this charming bar/restaurant where the decor is as inviting as one would hope.  Music videos from the 80's and 90's play along with the great array of records on the shelves.  We ordered the sweet potatoes croquettes based on someone's recommendation. I am not a huge fan of sweet potatoes, but when Bryan (boyfriend of the year) suggested I try, I gave in.  Um---- where have these been all my life????  Served hot and crispy with honey butter and brown sugar....... They are life changing!!! Then the general manager (who was incredible!) came over and served us complimentary fried mozzarella ..... Which is made from scratch and drizzled with fresh pesto and marinara.  OMG........ Mouthwatering!!!!!  Then Bryan ordered The PM Burger, which was a burger with pulled pork, Guinness beer cheese, and fried jalepenos....... Again, probably the best combination of flavors on a bun I've ever sampled.  Service--- even with a table of 10--- was spot on.  I will happily be making a return visit AND bringing friends!!!!
1	Unfortunately, I've tried to eat here twice and it was just epic fail both times.  The first time, my husband and I sat down before a concert at Time Warner and they assured us an hour would be more than enough time to order our food and get to our concert on time.  Our food never made it to us on time and we ended up just having to pay for our glasses of wine and going to the concert with empty stomachs.The second time we went there, we were told it would be an hour wait for four people.  So we ditched and went down the street to Rockbottom instead where they were able to seat us immediately.It's a shame.  The place looks cute and from what I could see from other people's orders, looked like it could be yummy, but I guess I'll never know since I don't plan on coming back just to be turned away again.
4	My bestie and I rolled up on this spot one random night in the QC, and fell in love at first bite! Stunning decor, tasty food and great prices!  It was truly a great dining experience! Need to do it again ASAP! Would love to do a little date there or just kick it with friends. It wasn't too big, but that's why I liked it! Quaint, cute and comfort food! Lol
4	I thought the "Bruiser" was delicious and the side of slaw was also tasty. The place was packed by 12:15 for lunch. The kitchen was backed up so it took 30-35 minutes to get my food after it was ordered which was really long on a one hour lunch break. It was because there was a large "To Go" order for 30 called in. Unfortunately, they admitted that they knew it was too much so it led to seated guests suffering. They apologized and offered free burgers for the next time. My only advice to the manager was if you know you can't handle the business at the same time try to manage the "To-Go" earlier or later or say no to the order if you can't change the timing. I liked the food so I plan to go back and this time be the first priority.
5	In a land of greasy beefy burgers, oversized dry buns, useless and tasteless accoutrements and massive salty and greasy fries, thank God for the Cowbell Burger and Bar.  My faith has been restored in the burger.  Thank you for the taste explosion and the pleasant feeling after dining experience.  The staff were attentive (not tooooo attentive), greeted quickly, served quickly. All in all a 5 star affair which I NEVER ever give.
4	One of the best burgers in Charlotte in my opinion. Great decor and awesome music. Usually a wait at lunch if you go around noon, but it is worth the wait. Gobbler burger is my favorite burger so far and the sweet potato tots are wonderful. Pretty small space-may want to try to go at off times to get a table for a big group. Burgers start at $9 which includes a side....but they are quality burgers. Worth the price. Will be back!
4	Sweet potato tots are great. Burger was good as well.
5	My sibs and I came here for lunch and it was terrific. Good service and very nice food. I had the Big Will's Breakfast Burger (beef patty, croissant bun, bacon, poached egg) which tasted very good especially at the center. The side of sweet potato tots was amazing.
3	This is a decent place to go with coworkers for drinks and dinner.  It is a good alternative to blackfin which is around the same uptown area.  They have a decent selection of beer, and very unique styles of burgers.  Beware of the burgers that come with egg on top because they cook it sunny side up, and my coworker and I had some stomach issues the night & day after.  I would suggest to get the egg over medium just to be safe.Other than that issue everything else was great.  The wait staff are very kind, and attentive even in busy times.  The music is great with 60s-90s rock music.  I will prob
4	Rock 'n roll, burgers and whiskey. I dig all three of those things.Cowbell is a product of the same people who brought us Mortimer's and Leroy Fox. This burger joint looks nothing like its predecessor Nix. Hip decor and tremendous 80s/90s music videos greet you when you walk through the door. The most difficult challenge you may face here is narrowing down your meal choice. On the app side: I recommend the Fried Mozzarella. Make sure you add the pesto and prosciutto for a just a couple bucks more. Yes, I'm in an open relationship with fried pickles, but I've had hit or miss experiences here with them. Sometimes they are just out of this world. Other times, they are way too salty and overcooked. Proceed at your own risk.My current burger of choice: the Bruiser. It's a blackened beef patty, onion bun, Gorgonzola, roasted mushrooms, lettuce and caramelized onions. Money.If burgers are not your thing, Cowbell also has a fantastic grilled chicken sandwich called the Winehouse- honey wheat bun, arugula, roasted red pepper, smoked habanero jack and honey mustard.Now I'm about to get crazy on you with what side item to pick- get a salad with the homemade poppy seed dressing. I know, I'm telling you to get a salad at a burger joint. Trust me... that dressing is beyond amazing. The sweet potato tots are great, too.Cowbell also has a contraption that makes a giant ice ball for your cocktail... if you're into that kind of thing. It's pretty cool.Staff is super friendly. The dining area isn't real big. There's usually a wait at peak times... but it's worth it if you have the time. If the tables are all taken... grab a spot at the bar!
4	Cool place, but a little tight. I had the gambler burger and my wife had the Carolina. We had sides of the mac & cheese and the onion rings. We both loved the sides. The onion rings had a nice crunchy exterior accompanied with a dipping sauce similar to Outback's blooming onion sauce. The mac & cheese was traditional with a nice baked topping. The gambler was topped with red onion, BBQ sauce, and an onion ring. The burgers were good, but to be honest the sides outshine them a bit. We agreed that next time we would come for apps and drinks. Our total was $30 for 2 burgers, an extra side item, and 2 teas.
5	Was down in Charlotte for business and met a friend for dinner. I was a little annoyed that the address on my gps doesn't actually take you to the restaurant but I found it eventually. Good atmosphere for Tuesday night, food was really good --- my chicken sandwich was great, fries weren't my style but good. Service was extremely attentive but at same time not overbearing which I hate. Will definitely go again next time in town, especially if I have the same waitress.
2	Meh. This is bar that serves food, not a restaurant that serves drinks; had I known that going in, my expectations would have matched.  The food was ok; burger was average (I've had WAY better in other Charlotte restaurants).  The atmosphere was just too LOUD.  On a Thursday night at 6 pm, I don't expect Nine Inch Nails to be BLARING from the speakers...on top of all the tvs being on, etc.  Even if the food was better, the atmosphee would keep me away.  I imagine it's a great place for drinks if youre looking for a bar scene; but I will never go back there for dinner. Sadly, I'm gonna recommend you eat less Cowbell.
4	Great vibe in this spot. Fantastic feel, lighting is great, fantastic classic rock, nostalgia, photos and awesome burgers. The deviled eggs were terrific too. Don't miss the sweet potato totts either. Great bourbon selection as well.
4	Decided to hit up Cowbell for a late Saturday night dinner date with the hubby. Since we got there around 9:00, we didn't have to wait at all for a table. We were seated immediately and had a server at our table very quickly after that. We ordered the deviled eggs w/bacon as an appetizer & it was delicious! I ordered the Boogan's Bacon burger for dinner w/sweet potato tots as my side. The tots were amazing, if you like sweet potatoes, I highly recommend trying these! Even though it tasted excellent, I was extremely disappointed at the size of my burger. The onion roll was a generous size but the patty underneath was more the size of a slider than an actual burger. Aside from that one negative we had a very enjoyable dining experience & will definitely go back. There's several other items on their menu that look like must try's! Cowbell has a funky modern decor and although it can be a bit loud inside, it has a really cool atmosphere.
5	While its not a traditional burger, the Dumpling is possibly the best burger I've ever had. I had to stop going because my waistline was disappearing. My husband and I now only go for special occasions. So delicious! My mouth is watering as I type.
5	I wrote a generic review before based on the tomato soup and grilled cheese (which was good..) But now I can write a real review because I ate there several times... and wish that I could fly back to Charlotte on the regular many more times to go eat there..When you walk in during lunch time, this place is always buzzing. It's busy, and fun and there are music videos playing on the large screens to make you feel nostalgic. The staff have always been attentive and pleasant and I loved this place. This is another one of those situations though, where I really wanted to try something different, but I just couldn't. I was IN LOVE with their black bean burger!!! I have tried many a black bean burger and this one was by far my favorite concoction. The texture is amazing and the feta cheese is a nice touch. Pair that up with their sweet potato tots that are lightly dusted with a cinnamon sugary flavoring.. OMG.. it's like heaven in my mouth. I am not kidding when I say that I want to hop in my car and take the 8 hour drive just to go an eat one of those black bean burgers with tots... if you go there please eat one for me, so I can at least live vicariously through you doing so. NOMMMMMM....
5	I have eaten here several times and feel qualified now to say the food and service is fantastic. I've had the umami burger and breakfast burger - both times perfectly cooked. The patty looks small but it's dense  and you can tell the meat is high quality. Sweet potato tots or onion rings are a solid accompaniment. Waitresses have always been friendly and on point w service. My only wish is that lunch specials were available!
4	Ding-dong. Cowbell time. This is a booshy burger bar that's got a fancy vibe and some great burgers. My advice is to come here hungry. Really hungry. And make sure you go to the gym the following day, unless you want to be a fatboy. I got the Bocaan Bacon burger with onion rings. Everything was delicious. We probably ordered too many apps because we were full before we even finished our burgers. The deviled eggs and Dali fries were great. The service here was better than average. We actually saw the manager going around and helping his staff. Wow, what a difference it makes! I'd say check this place out if you like burgers. It's not the best burger I've ever had, but it was a pretty good burger.
3	I got a Bruiser burger. The burger was very tasty, yet I was disappointed. The burger was very small and engulfed by the bun. For $13, they should give you more meat or reduce the price. The sweet potato tots were good.
5	I've been traveling to Charlotte for work and stumbled across this place looking for a bite with my fellow traveling coworkers. We stopped in cowbell because the hostess actually came out to the street to entice us to come inside. We appreciated her effort and decided to post up at the bar. This was the first of many excellent decisions made that evening. Our bartender was Garrett, a good dude who knows how to make a proper drink. If you ask him nicely, he'll make your bourbon with a solid sphere ice cube that he fashions right in front of you with this awesome ice-shaping device. If your boss happens to be footing the bill, this place has a great selection of very fine whiskeys and bourbons. Red Breast over a spherical ice cube is a real treat to sip on (and $$$$). It doesn't stop there, the food is excellent. We had house made mozzarella sticks, grilled wings (ask for them well done), and a variety of their specialty burgers. I even tried a deep-fried bacon wrapped hot dog. I'm a fan of every item I tried, including the sweet potato tater tots--delicious.The food here is great, the ambience is cool with a good soundtrack and music videos on the few TVs, and the staff is very polite and good company.Every time I go to Charlotte, we will visit cowbell. If only to give Garrett a hard time at the bar (I was greeted with a "oh no not this guy" last time I came in--love it), you should check this place out for awesome burgers and drinks.
5	Came here for dinner with a few girlfriends and had a great time!! Food was awesome and they had something for everyone. Decor is very hip and trendy. Would definitely return.
4	This is a great spot - the atmosphere was fun...a nice mix of business diners, energetic friends, and "local celebrities".  The bar offers several great local brews and the burger options are unique.  We enjoyed the Dumpling (which was a pork burger with a nice Asian influence...slightly sweet and slightly spicy) and the PM Burger (which was house made pulled pork, Guinness beer cheese, and fried jalapenos all on a burger).  We ordered the sweet potato tots as our side - very good with a dessert-like sweetness to them.  I really enjoyed the 90's rock videos, cool decor, and fun service.  We'll definitely be back to tackle two more unique gourmet burgers!!
4	This place has it going on.  Burgers are their staple, but they also have great chicken sandwiches, turkey burgers, and several great salads and other appetizers.  We started with the chili which was a large bowl of tastiness with cheese, sour cream and tortilla chips, and a large hunk of cornbread for the dipping.  The Alamo tex mex salad is quite good too with corn, black beans, tomatoes and avocado.  We went for a couple of dressings on the side and enjoyed the poppy seed as recommended by others.  The Lisa Marie chicken sandwich was very tasty with a choice of side (sweet tots awesome).  They have an interesting cocktail menu, and several wines, draft beers and a cider to choose from.  The waitress we had was fantastic, super efficient and quick on the refills of water and soda waters.... thanks much.  I will be back to try the house specialty burgers some time... can't wait.
4	Great food.  Little expensive for a burger, but quite tasty.  Had the dumpling burger which was an interesting en of pork and hoisin sauce.  The onion rings, while creative, were too filling and very breaded.  The drinks were well made.  Their old fashioned was just right. The have a great selection of whiskey and bourbon.
4	Stop here for lunch on a whim and it was delicious. My wife had the Cowbell Hotdog which is a 1/4 lb dog that is wrapped in bacon and a on a pretzel bun. I had the NYC burger that has pastrami on it with house made onion rings. Will definitely be stopping here again whenever we are in town.
5	Easy 5 stars.I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet.  Service is spectacular, perfect happy hour location, and price's reasonable.  Usually come here once a week or so after work to grab a beer or two.  All the food I've had here is really solid.  I usually get apps to go with the beer.  Sliders are perfect.  Fries are great.  Mozzarella sticks are always solid.  Gotta love the pictures everywhere as well.  Keep rockin'!dmo out
2	I thought that by sitting at the bar I would get good service a/k/a a hot burger, but that wasn't meant to be.  The food and onion rings were good, but I've never been a fan of cold pizza or cold burgers.  I understand that at lunch time they're slammed to the point of dispensing with quality service, but you would think that at 9 on a Tuesday nighty they would have time to get it right.  Nope.  So, if distracted wait staff and cold food is your thing, conger on down.  But seriously, if McDonalds can get it right, shouldn't these people?
2	This is the former location of Nix burger, which I loved!!   That's about the only good thing I have to say about this place.   We sat at the bar after the lunch rush (ie, people were leaving, not piling in).  We were a party of 2 and ordered 2 burgers and 2 big beers.  (The beer was good!)   2 guys came in and sat beside us quite a while after we ordered and ordered burgers as well.When are beers were almost gone...our burgers, as well as the guys' beside us burgers arrived.    Huh?!   Do they have to wait til they have orders for multiple burgers before they start cooking?The burger was just OK for someplace that is supposed to specialize in burgers and that charges as much as they do.Don't bother!
1	No. Just leave this place and walk one more down to Dandelion. Drinks were good but they messed my burger up and took over 20 min to make me a replacement mid rare burger. Husbands burger was overcooked and tastes terrible. Onion rings were really good....tater tots were decent. Again, go for the drinks and that's it.
4	I've been discovering a lot of Uptown restaurants while the BF is at work. Yes, I am sure I could cook lunch on my own, but I have been having so much fun making elaborate dinners the past couple of nights that I much prefer having someone else make me lunch. Fair, right? Anyway, I stopped into Cowbell around 2PM yesterday to get a quick lunch- I was seated at a tall table and was immediately approached by a very friendly server. Cute girl. She brought me a Diet Coke and suggested a couple of signature burgers- I got the one with an egg on it- so good. I was also surprised to see mac and cheese as a featured side- HELLO, when in doubt, always get mac and cheese. Always. I really, really love mac and cheese.All in all, a good lunch. A little big, but I took half of it home. We'll see how it is for lunch today after a few minutes in the oven (burgers are always iffy).
5	Hands down my favorite meal in Uptown to date. Cowbell delivers with fantastic burgers, sandwiches, apps, and a nice selection of local and unusual beers. I came here on a Friday night with the husband after much indecision about where to eat. We easily snagged two seats at the bar and ordered a martini (for him) and OMB Copper (for me) while we perused the extensive menu. Hubby was happy that the bar was stocked with Titos vodka for his martini, and even happier with the huge spread of meaty sandwich options. We decided on the sliders and deviled eggs to start, followed by a spicy chicken sandwich and salad. Everything was outrageously delicious with the sweet potato tots and sliders stealing the show. The tots seemed to be lightly dusted in cinnamon sugar and were like little donuty pillows of heaven. Holy yum. New favorite spot, we will be back soon.
5	HOLY COW....BELL!!! My Pilgrim burger with sweet potato tots were out of this world! Everyone I went with lovedddddd their lunch. I can't wait to go back!  AND the host looked just like Adam Levine! Love! Haha
5	Upscale burger joint uptown. Been wanting to try it forever and it did not disappoint! My girlfriend and I started with the pumpkin spice croquettes with honey berry butter. Out of this world, I could've made a meal out of those alone!We split the pilgrim burger and I can honestly say it was one of he best burgers I've ever had. The candied bourbon bacon was so unique paired with the Brie cheese and apple BBQ sauce. We had the sweet potato tots on the side. I've had sweet potato tots before usually served with maple syrup, these were so fresh and dusted with cinnamon sugar they didn't even need a dipping sauce.For dessert we had the carmel salted pretzel brownie. Again, simply delicious. Served with ice cream and berries on top. Everything was prepared so well, nothing laid on us or was greasy. Can't wait to go back.
5	Cool atmosphere, awesome burgers and beautiful ladies serving drinks... Sounds pretty perfect! Lol
3	I ate at Cowbell last Saturday before a performance at Booth Playhouse.  I have to say it surpassed my expectations!The Good: I ordered The Bruiser-beef patty with gorgonzola, roasted shitake mushroom and a horseradish cream sauce.  It was pretty incredible. I would definitely recommend it.  I also was surprised by how much I enjoyed the cucumber salad as my side. It was heavy on the cumin but I just so happen to be a huge fan.  The appetizers were ordered were also great: fried pickles were a hit and that fried ham and cheese with prosciutto and pesto was out of this world. You seriously have to get that.The Not So Good: They were out of Basil Hayden, my favorite bourbon, so I tried the Baker's instead. It was very good. They were also out of the peach liqueur in the drink my friend wanted so she got wine instead. Not a deal breaker, just a little frustrating. I tasted my husband's burger, The Elvis, and it was very bland.  The Bruiser was about 50 times better. The fries were also unremarkable.All in all it was a fun, casual and delicious dinner. I would definitely go back for a casual meal with a small group before hitting the town!
4	Low key up class burgers They have burgers and yuppidy beer. The deco is nice, wood + leather + dark gray, and the wait staff carefree.  Not super friendly but enough to make a solo diner comfortable.   Popeye and umami were decent.... though at the time of this review, I still haven't tried a real umami burger to compare$6 22oz drafts on Monday. $4 16oz dogfish next door at dandelion
5	I came here with 3 of my girl friends before going to see Rock of Ages at the Blumenthal theater. We arrived around 6:30 on Friday knowing we had to be done in an hour to get our seats. There was no wait when we got there and we were immediately sat at  a table for 4. I was a little worried because they do not take reservations, but luckily we were fine. The location is very close to the Bank of America parking deck, and is next door to the Roxbury  and two doors down from Dandelion Market. It occupies the space where Nix once was, but the sign is hard to see in the dark. The table was a little crammed for four girls so I couldn't imagine if there were 4 guys trying to battle for space. Good luck. Our waitress was nice and took our orders right away. I was feeling adventurous so I got Big Wills Breakfast. It's a burger with candied bacon, and an over easy egg and cheese on a croissant. It also comes with onions and lettuce, but I decided to go without, because I had read that it just makes the burger gigantic. I ordered fries as my side. The other girls ordered the Mexicali hot dog and the Popeye burger. When we got our food, I was eyeballing everyone else and I was so excited about my food. Lucky for me the excitement was well warranted. It was delicious! I am so excited to bring my husband back because they had really good beer specials as well (and $4 ciders for those of us who don't drink beer). He's excited too because he got to reap the benefits of my leftovers and can't wait to try out the hot and fresh burgers in person!
3	I've been wanting to try Cowbell since Nix Burgers closed and I read that it was one of Cam Newton's favorite uptown spots (I mean, if it's good enough for Cam, it's good enough for me, right?). Unfortunately, we left slightly disappointed. I love burgers with egg and bacon on it, and I especially like trying ones that have a twist I've never thought of before. I was excited to see the Big Will's Breakfast burger with egg, bacon, red onions, and honey mustard. I ordered it medium with a side of onion rings. The onion rings were good as far as onion rings go, but I only got three. And they aren't the huge onion rings that take up half the plate, so three seemed to be missing a few. As for the burger, it was decent. It wasn't truly medium, but that didn't bother me too much, it was just notable considering this is a burger place. The honey mustard added an interesting zing and sweetness to the burger that oddly matched well with the egg and bacon. However, in the end, my wife and I both left saying "that was three stars."
4	Last night we got take-out on our walk home. Walked in, ordered at the bar, waited for probably 15 minutes and our late dinner had arrived. The two of us split the turkey burger with an order of sweet potato tots and a side of wings. Both the burger and wings were SUPER spicy (which I love) and the tots were surprisingly sweet. If you want more of a savory side, add ketchup to the tots. Otherwise, they're delightfully cinnamon-y and make for a good dessert with your burger. The food did seem to take longer than expected, but at 9:30 at night hardly anyone was eating. It probably took the kitchen a few to get ready to start cooking again- who knows. Otherwise, pretty solid.
4	Great beer selection, sweet potato tots are a must. We come here often for the rotating beer selection and quality burgers. Service can be slow when they're slammed but always very friendly and accommodating  despite the rush. Love the pork burger with hoisin. Srsly get the sweet potato tots.
5	I love the atmosphere at this place!  Even though it's not really a kid friendly place, they have an unofficial kids menu. They gave my girls crayons and paper and they were very friendly!  The food is original and interesting!  The pumpkin spice corn dog was good!  Lots of local brews to choose from.  So happy we found Cow Bell!
4	The fella and I visited Cowbell with some friends on a Saturday evening before a Checkers game. None of us had ever been, but what can go wrong with burgers and bourbon?We got there before the other couple and grabbed seats at the end of the bar. The atmosphere was fun, and it looked totally different than when it was Nix. There were two staff standing there chatting, but apparently they weren't working the bar? They just sort of stared at us while the bartender helped other people, and after a few awkward looks, one of them finally helped us. Weird. The fella got a bourbon, and I got a gin & tonic. It wasn't my favorite, but I couldn't put my finger on why.After the other couple arrived, we snagged a table by the window (perfect for people watching) and got to it. They ordered some fried pickles, and even though I saw some reviews that said they could be hit or miss, they were definitely a hit for us. For dinner, I got the Winehouse chicken sandwich (YUM) and a side of sweet potato tots. I was surprised by the tots - they were more like bullets, and they were coated in sugar, making them much sweeter than others... almost like a delicious dessert. The fella got a bourbon flight, which he loved, and he got the breakfast burger with fries for dinner. He said the burger was great, but almost too high quality because the texture wasn't as hearty as he normally likes. I know, first world problems.Once we got to the table, our service was spectacular, and our waitress was incredibly nice and patient with splitting checks, substituting things for other things, etc. I'd definitely go back for more Cowbell!
5	*Burger Review*  I have to start with that just so that you know that if you have "Burger" in your name, you better come correct!  I'm tough on Burger joints, if you didn't know.  Luckily, Cowbell brings the heat!!  They do an excellent job of combining atmosphere, beer, whiskey, and food.  It has it all!Let's start with the burger:  10/10 - With an extensive variety of options to choose from, you would be worried that they didn't take the time to perfect any one of them.  So far, I have had two of them.  Boogan's Bacon and the Gambler.  Boogan's is everything bacon and mmmmm mmmmmm, it was good.  Onion Kaiser did the trick.  The Gambler gave exactly what I wanted.  bbq sauce and more bbq sauce.  Awesome!Drinks:  9/10 - They have numerous local beers on tap and they is usually some kind of special on something running.  I have gone with the Business Class whiskey flight the last two times.  They have three different levels of whiskey flights.  Business Class, First Class, and some other class that I can't afford.  Best parts of the flight..  The GM came by to check on us and informed us that he created the carrying case for the flights.  Just thought I would add that in because it is a cool unique little tid bit.  And, the bartender knew all about the whiskeys and made strong suggestions as to where I should start so that I didnt wash out the flavors of the other whiskeys.  Thought that was kind and informative. The sweet potato tots:  10/10 - Yeah, they get there own frickin category.  Have you every eaten a french fry mixed with the deliciousness of a krispy kreme doughnut.  Yeah, that is what these taste like.  The perfect mix of salty and sweet.  Oh man.... They are so good.  If anything, just go here for these tots.  Trust me on that!Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	If ever a place had our name written on it, it would be this one.  I would like to try pretty much everything on the menu!  In between shows at the Blumenthal on Sunday night we were looking for a quick bite, and this fit the bill perfectly.  Sadly, neither of us were feeling well, so we couldn't do this wonderful place justice...wah!  As a result, I went very basic by ordering the Elvis.  Husband went with the Bruiser.  We both loved our burgers.  Mine was perfectly cooked to the medium well I requested.  Husband's was perfectly done and very tasty also.  Both of us got the sweet potato tots, which were more like donuts since they are glazed with sugar.  These are rich and very sweet.  Dessert for this gal.  Shamefully, we had to forego the lovely alcohol opportunities that otherwise we would have taken full advantage of...what a crappy time for us to not be at our best!  This is very much our kinda place, and we will definitely go back next time we're in town!
4	Enjoyed a really good chicken sandwich and sweet potato tater tots.  They also bundle it with a great whiskey selection. You need to be patient as it it takes awhile to get your food from the kitchen. The bartenders were great!
5	A great place to have food, enjoy great drinks and watch some games. I have had their black bean burger and their southwest salad and both are really yummy. I have also had fried mozzarella cheese with marinara sauce. That item is so amazing delicious.The service is really great and they are willing to help out and adjust to your needs.
4	Great burgers, delicious sides, and friendly service. My husband and I went here looking for a great burger. Their menu is creative and even has options for vegetarians. Try the fried pickles and sweet potato tots - they are heavenly!  I wish they offered gluten free options and a little more variety in the music. We will go back and bring friends!
2	We got to this place at 2 PM yesterday (not exactly prime time for meals, so we expected it would be quick - or at least timely). Our waitress greeted us after a few minutes and took our drink orders. She then tended to a large table for the next 15-20 minutes. We didn't get to order food until my husband flagged her down at 2:27. It still took another 15 minutes or so before the food arrived (there were only 2 other tables at this point). A random beer was brought over by the bartender. Whole I'm not complaining about beer - it speaks to how unorganized this place is. The food is this place's saving grace. It was delicious. The service is lacking and needs some serious help if they hope to survive. They're surrounded by other restaurants that I would gladly choose next time knowing how disappointing the service is at cowbell. We'll give it another shot in hopes that it was an off day, but we won't be recommending it to anyone just yet.
3	Cowbells a cool place to grab a burger. A quick FYI the burgers are about 6 ounces so don't expect a big ass burger! What you do get though is tasty as hell and seasoned nicely. Tator tot sweet potatoes are a good side.Love the staff, well maybe I'm biased here because I'm a man. Catch my drift!I may stop on by again in the future.
5	Love love love Cowbell! My boyfriend and I eat here once a week. Amazing food for a great price!!
4	The deviled egg appetizer is to die for as is the GFY Burger -- an amazing combination of ground beef, foie gras, arugula, apricot marmalade and creole mustard.   Negatives: the music is too loud and they are still building out their dessert menu. I'd still go back for the GFY anytime!
3	A cool and trendy burger joint that tries to be a bit more than your average burger joint.  I came here for lunch on a nice sunny day with a coworker of mine.  The place was fairly busy with the work week lunch crowd rushing within their 60 allotted minutes.Atmosphere - Hodgepodge of 70's memorabilia, dark color accents, close/ crowded, decent noise level, a busy ambience of bankers rushing for lunchService - Friendly, quick, attentiveFood - It was okay.  I got the Elvis and a side of Sweet Potato Tots.  The burger arrived promptly after ordering, but it was just okay.  It was cooked to the level of "done" that I like; however, nothing about it stood out to me.  It was juicy...yes...but again...just okay.  Maybe it was the size of the burger  (which seemed on the small side) or the bun...whatever it was that day...my choice felt underwhelming.  The tots I ordered came with sugar sprinkled on top.  Others may like this added to their sweet potato tots...I unfortunately do not.Overall - My experience here was just okay.  I will definitely give them another try in the future as the customer service was executed well and the restaurant has a fun and energetic vibe.  On this day, Cowbell just didn't ring my bell.
5	Love this place!! Great vibe with great food and the staff is on point. Def try the new melt they added to the menu when u go. It's 2 patties 3 slices of bread, American and Swiss cheese, grilled onions and cowbell sauce and it's amazing! Will be back for sure.
1	As a customer who visited this restaurant quite often I am extremely disappointed in the last few visits (orders frequently wrong) here especially my last visit tonight.  I called in a to go order at exactly 7:45 and was told it would be 15-20 minutes.  Upon my arrival at 8:02 it hadn't been placed yet.  Now I am understanding at this point because accidents happen...however the order was placed at 8:06 and I didn't receive my food until 8:42.  Again I would have been fine with this had the manager not come out and been a complete jerk.  His attitude when he told me "well technically you have only been waiting 26 minutes" was unacceptable.  Yes my meal was comped as it should have been and again accidents happen but the managers disregard and attitude coupled with the last few visits being less than satisfactory AND when getting home seeing that my order was WRONG has turned me away from this restaurant for good.  Oh well...bad daddy's it is!!
4	Great place in the heart of downtown, a bit pricey but it's deff worth it.  Service is phenomenal super friendly and courteous.  I had the atomic dog, I'm not a big Hot dog fan, but this was so delicious.  If I every find myself around the area I will deff come back and eat here.
2	Stopped in at 10:55 and were told the kitchen was closing at 11 and they wouldn't serve.
4	I went to Cowbell last year with my wife and we loved the food atmosphere and service. We happened to stumble to this restuarant while we were looking for another place to eat we loved the place.
5	Each and every time I eat at Cowbell I am more and more impressed with this place.  My typical go-to burger here is the Danny California (turkey) but I've also had the Carolina (beef).  Both burgers are stellar and worth trying out.  The sweet potato tots are some of the best in Charlotte.  For those interested in an appetizer, try the pretzels.  You won't be disappointed!  The ambiance has a hipster vibe with a rock n roll twist.  One TV plays nothing but old music videos, which i love.  They have a nice bar with a respectable beer list.  The waiters and waitresses have been impeccable every single time I've been here.  All in all a solid restaurant that I recommend to anyone asking me for a "good burger joint" in the area.
5	I love cowbell. It's not the healthiest place to eat but it's oh so delicious. As far as starters go, the pretzels with cheese dip are delicious. It doesn't taste like cheap low grade pretzels out of a freezer. They are perfectly crisp yet fluffy inside. The wings are great and they give you a perfect amount for one person. I got the corleon and the mozzarella was fresh as were the veggies. It had the perfect amount of spices. The balsamic drizzle was right amount of sweet. I never save room for dessert but I need to sometime to try their shakes. Friends of mine swear by their burgers and I will certainly be back to try one soon!
3	Not thrilled with our meal here. My bun was cold and dry and my nephew's beef burger was severely overcooked. We got side salads and they were very underwhelming. All in all, totally not worth a $36!!
1	Burgers were just ok. Sent both of our drinks back because we couldn't drink them. We reordered a Manhattan and a Margarita. The Manhattan was straight bourbon. The Margarita was straight sour juice, no tequila and cost $13. The server, who rarely stopped by the table, said she went ahead and took the first round of drinks off the bill (thanks?) Service was ok at best. Prices are too high for what you get. Wouldn't recommend.
4	Excellent restaurant for gourmet burgers and salads! I went there during lunch and it was fairly busy but the service was pretty fast. I got the Shankar burger with tots. The patty tasted so good! Very fresh and authentic flavors! The tots were very interesting as well! Recommend getting them even though they're a little greasy.
4	Cowbell serves up one of the better burgers in Charlotte.  I usually get the Gambler, which is consistently good.  The only knock is that the BBQ sauce sometimes overwhelms the burger a little bit.  I can attest that the tater tots are excellent, and I'm told that the veggie burgers are good too.The atmosphere is fun, but it can be a little loud.  This isn't the best place to go if you want to have a conversation with a group. The best part of Cowbell is the great bourbon selection. Try a whiskey flight.
5	This place was suggested to us by a family friend and it did not disappoint! The food was amazing and our waitress Lindsey was super outgoing and welcoming! We sat outside and the weather was amazing. All in all, we loved it!
5	This place is amazing!!! Absolutely one of the best burgers I've ever had. Those sweet potato tots are to die for. Several items are marked as spicy, but I don't recall the symbol next to the burger I ordered and it definitely was spicy. Luckily the waitress kept my drink filled the whole time. Really cool atmosphere, definitely fits in downtown Charlotte. Obviously it's hard to find parking, but if you want to spend a night downtown this is the place to eat. Its sophisticated but not too pricey. Will eat here again.
5	I've been to a lot of a hip burger places around Dallas, TX where I'm from and after looking at the menu I was excited to try to this place out.I had the bruiser with mac n cheese as a side, and they were fantastic. The difference between these burgers and something you'd get from a fast food place or chili's is the quality of the ingredients and the meat.If you're a fan of a great burger, then this is a place to go to.
3	Wow.  I was excited to take my burger-loving group here because I heard it was so good.  We read the reviews and one person was talking about the "cold, hard buns."  We had a laugh about that.. Whatta ya know? - we had cold, hard buns too!  The place is super cool, the music is good, there are no better wall hangings in all of Charlotte and the service is great too.  If they get their buns right, then this place will be killer!
4	Everything on this menu is awesome! The cucumber salad I highly recommend!!
1	I made a reservation for 14 people. They set us up for a spot for 10 people. 2 of us had to sit at different table and rest of us were uncomfortably smashed together. When asked to sit at a different location, management said no without giving an excuse and didn't seem to care.Before making the reservation, I asked if the parking validation is for the full day. I was informed by two different people that on Saturday, it would be validated for the day. When time to leave the parking deck, the ticket was validated for only 3 hours. The entire party had to pay for parking, when informed it was validated for the entire day. I called to complain and the hostest would only say "it's just 3 hours" repeatedly. She didn't apologize or seem to care. Horrible customer service.
5	I stopped here for a meal in between places during a pub crawl and had THE best corn dog I've EVER had! And the best part?? There's no stick! So no weird taste wood taste. I know I'm not the only one. Seriously, it was amazing! I halved the sweet potato tots and Parmesan fries with a friend and both were absolutely delicious! You're welcome.
4	We went back toCowbell and had exceptionalService. The food was quick, tasty and everything we were craving. Much happier with our experience this time around and will keep it in our rotation of restaurants. Kudos to the management for taking complaints seriously and making major improvements in service.
4	The food and service was amazing!  You will be hard to fine a better whiskey special downtown.  Will definitely be coming back here.
3	Great potential, could have been a 4 star, the food was good, the deviled egg appetizer was excellent, the wait for food and drinks was sooooooooooo loooooooooong, oh yeah and they were out of soco
5	Great place for a Happy Hour.Nice burgers, fries and good service. Very good for a relaxed Saturday evening.
3	A decent selection of decent burgers. The address says Tryon but the front door is actually on 5th. The bar tender tried to charge me an extra $2 for my burger for some reason.  I then showed her the menu price and she corrected it.  Not sure if it was intentional or a simple mistake.  It won't be a place that I rush to get back to.
2	I stopped in here while I was in Charlotte on business. The service and ambiance was 5 stars so if you're going for a drink I recommend this place for sure. I can only give it 2 stars because of the food. I ordered wings in buffalo sauce to start and they were not cooked well enough to my liking. I like wings to have that crunch on the outside and still be juicy. These had soggy/rubbery skin. I ordered a turkey burger after that and there was way too much aioli on the burger and the avocado was black and rotting. I typically do not pick things apart but after a bite I had to. Wouldn't go back for the food.
4	This was one of the few places open on a late Friday afternoon. We stumbled in and were overall very pleased. They have some tables a few booths and ample bar seating. The people dining at the bar seemed very happy which is always a good sign. The menu is simple in concept burgers or chicken sandwich we opted for burgers. We ordered the dumpling burger which is a solid 5/5 and the danny California which is a 4/5 just because some bites were bland and some bites were SPICY! Still over all very delicious. The sweet potato tots were good but lacked the crispy crunch I'm used to in a regular tot. Prices on food were fair VERY good prices on beer I don't think I saw a single standard sized craft brew over $5 which is a STEAL where I come from. Our waitress was very sweet and knowledgeable about the menu. She seemed to be the only waitress on the floor and kept on top of things. the female bartender with short brown hair and tattoos was phenomenal too refilling our waters even though we weren't her table, seating us quickly dropping off our beer etc. Great team work ladies.
5	Came here to pregame, burgers where absolutely slammin! Started off with a whiskey flight and someBeers and then finished with the GFY burger and the Bruiser. Each burger was great. Glad. We got a chance to experience!
2	Decent burgers, but over rated due to very poor staff. Last 2 times there- 1st was nearly 100 degrees inside, tons of folks asked if could adjust temp- answer: "maybe" (never did). Then next visit we asked numerous times to switch 1 TV to requested game- didn't happen. But bar staff had plenty of time to come to other side of bar to BS w their friends tho. Big Daddy Burger better imo, w/o the give a crap attitude at CB.
2	Maybe I didn't have the standard experience.  Went for a group gathering and they didn't seem to be prepared for us even though all the arrangements had been made ahead of time.  As a result, most of us were made to stand and eat and one server was left to contend with all of us.  Our food had been pre-selected and I'm not sure the burgers that were chosen for us were ones I normally would've picked if given the option.  The food itself wasn't bad, but wasn't something I am dying to go back for.  Sadly, I think the rest of the experience may have affected my enjoyment of the food.  I'm not sure if I'll go back, but if I do, it won't be with a large group.
5	Great speciality burgers, and other minute items to match like sweet potato tots or spiked milkshakes.   Outstanding scotch and bourbon selection too.
4	Happened on this place after a football game. The Bruiser was amazing. Seasoned well and the caramelized onions make it. The fries are crispy on the outside and soft inside. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in years. Go. Be happy.
5	Fun place. Burger was awesome. Atmosphere was great. Bartender was a rockstar. If I could change anything, I suggest they move to fresh cut fries. The food is too good to settle for frozen fries. I wish I lived close enough to try more items on the menu. This is the restaurant I would go as a group & order a variety of menu items & share.
4	Extremely cool atmosphere and a very solid burger. The bartender was cool, knowledgable, and made us feel at home. Atmosphere & Staff = 5 Stars and the Food was a solid 4. I would recommend this to anyone visiting downtown and looking for a great lunch spot.
