3	This is a great place to have a casual meal.  It's obviously a pub atmosphere but it's large enough to accommodate a lot of people without it getting crowded.  They also have many well placed flat screen tvs. (I just wish they would turn on the closed captioning!  Its one thing if you're watching a sporting event but when they have on an analysis show I want to hear the analysis!)   My husband had the beer sampler and enjoyed most of the varieties, the Raj IPA was his favorite (the 8th Street Ale and Kiltlifter are the more popular ones).  We had the soft pretzel appetizer which was ok, but I'm spoiled when it comes to pretzels having lived in Philly and lived on them for my entire college career.   I wish it came with a honey mustard to dip in and not just regular spicy mustard.  I had the French Dip which was solid - not the best I've had but still pretty good.  My husband had the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich that he enjoyed - the onion straws and bleu cheese were a nice touch.Now this is just stupid.  (Saturday, 4/13) Ring ring ring. . ."Hello, Four Peaks""Hi, will you be showing the Red Sox/Yankees game?""Yes, definitely.""Even though it's being blacked out?""Blacked out?""Yeah, Fox won't be showing the game because the Diamondbacks game is on at the same time.  You're getting an east coast feed?  From NY or Boston?""Feed?""Yeah, you know, you're getting the broadcast from the Fox affiliate in NY or Boston?"". . .Um. . .we'll definitely be showing the game. . .""Ok. . ." Drive to Four Peaks"Hello! Welcome to Four Peaks!  Table for 2?""Yeah, somewhere we can see the Sox/Yankees game.""Oh sorry, it's being blacked out""What?!  But I called 15 minutes ago and you said you were showing it!""No sorry, that Diamondbacks game is on at the same time so we're not getting the Sox/Yankees game""THAT'S WHAT I SAID ON THE PHONE AND YOU SAID YOU WERE SHOWING IT!""Oh, well do you know who you talked to?""It wasn't you?!  I don't know!  Some moron who said you'd be showing the game!" You're not getting my business if you blatantly lie to me just to get me in the door.
4	I had dinner here two nights in a row when I was out on the road. The beer? Mmmm, pretty great! You must try the Kiltlifter - its very good, and tasted even better after a long day at the office. Even their light beer was good as well. I'm mostly rating this on the beer, because while the food itself here is alright, its not outstanding. Had a burger the first night, which was pretty good. The second night it was the chicken strips, and honestly they tasted a bit weird with the beer batter. The fries were very good in the beer batter and the appetizers decent as well. If I'm in the area again (which I know I will be a couple times next year), then I'm sure I'll pay it a visit.Oh yesh, happy hour has $2.75 pints - always a good choice!
5	Four Peaks has my heart.I frequented the Tempe location regularly on Thursday nights when I was at ASU, and I literally got tears in my eyes when I moved north after graduation and discovered the North Scottsdale location.  When I walk in the door, I feel like I'm in Billings, Montana...and I love it!  Down to earth, authentic and quality.For detailed info, check out the 35+ Tempe location reviews.  I will say that Four Peaks' Peach Ale made me fall in love with beer, and that their food is just phenomenal, far superior than what you would expect from a typical brewery.  The specials consistently impress me, but when in doubt, my default choice is the chicken beer bread (like a hot flatbread wrap with artichokes, green pepper, onion mozzarella) with either the beer bread fries (so freaking yummy) or side salad (honestly can't go wrong, I just crave their salads sometimes).  I think I've tried almost every appetizer and they are all delicious and huge, you can easily order several for a group and call it dinner.  The spinach artichoke dip is a big crowd pleaser.
3	Four Peaks is one of our old stand-bys for lunch or dinner whenever we can't think of someplace else to go.  It's not super great, but it's a long, long way from being dull.  Being a brewery, the beer is really good.  I always have the Kilt-Lifter which is excellent.  Lindsay always has the Peach beer and is always really happy.Foodwise, I usually get the fish and chips or the French Dip.  Both are good - not great, but not bad.  I've also had their pizza which is also pretty good.Just about every time we visit it's extremely crowded and super loud.  If you're out drinking and looking for fun, this is great, but if you just want a bite to eat and spend some time with the family it's not so wonderful.Despite it being a hangout for the 20's crowd, this isn't a bad place to bring your kids.  I rarely see tons of kids, but there's always a few and we've always found plenty for our kid to eat.
4	Four Peaks in Tempe is an astonishing place...Great location and atmosphere....This one tries hard to achieve that same feel, but when attempted in North Scottsdale, it doesn't quite work...The food is decent, but you really come here for the beer.  Four Peaks is a wonderful local brewery that must be sampled by natives and tourists alike.Must drink:  Hop Knot ( for the hophead in you ), 8th Street Ale, and my personal favorite, the Oatmeal Stout ( a work of silky beauty! )Great place to drink on a Sunday while watching a game, wouldn't recommend for dinner.  For that, go to Tempe and get the black bean nacho deally...Wow!4 stars 'cause it couldn't pull of Tempe...
5	Every Tuesday night after our late night hockey games, I join a rag tag collection of heroes, misfits and misanthropes at Four Peaks Brewery in North Scottsdale for some post game gab and nosh. I love these nights. We test our aging, yet surprisingly spry bodies mano-a-mano for adult hockey league glory and bond over drinks that no one actually orders because while Karina, our beloved server, may not know our last names, she knows we're predictable.And speaking of it, I always order a plate of fries, or hope Brad E does. They're fucking delicious. T.A.S.T.Y. Big fan. But on this one lucky night, my boy Jerry W, genius that he is, orders nachos. I think nothing of it, until they arrive. They are GORGEOUS. Seriously beautiful. A culinary specimen clearly dispatched to our table by some immaculately conceived experiment working through the now divine hand of a short order cook. The guy, or lady, is a magician with these nachos. They're like eye-crack. Or better perhaps eye-(censored) as I visually molested each chip and chunk of cheese.But like all impurities and roadblocks in our beautiful kingdom, like a cancer on the king's nose, these nachos were covered in chicken. I'm not even going to get into that discussion, but I don't do chicken. So I couldn't eat any of what I considered a plate of life-changing nachos, even before they changed my life. And I told myself "Dally G., no matter what happens tonight, whether it's because you go to the store and get the ingredients or because you go to Filibertos and get their supernachos, you're dumb ass is going to be chowin' down on delightfully tasty nachos this evening."So here's one of the keys to the story. It was a done deal. I already believed with 100% certainty that I would be eating a plate of nachos that evening. Are you with me? A sure thing, no matter what. The universe had no choice but to comply. Emerson said it best, "The world makes way for a mo fo who knows where he's going."But my friends didn't eat the whole plate. Nacho remnants teased me like those little shorts hot young women wear in the spring. I'm not gonna lie; more inspired to get fat I have never been.Time passes and my thoughts stagnate (but without any of the negative connotation normally associated with the idea of stagnation). Nachos. Can't let it go...Men quip and pontificate and ask answers and tell questions and borrow my phone to look at (censored) and some hit on Karina but I am of one mind: Nachos. And a woman's voice rings out! She was three words deep and I knew my life was changed forever. You, dear Yelper, should have chills right now. She said, and I quote, "Hey, the cook made these by accident. Does anyone want them?" I knew what they were without turning around but I had to look because my eyes compensate for my imperfect relationship with the universe and I needed to connect the truth in my soul to my physical experience that I call existence, living.She sat down chickenless nachos right in front of me. They were free. For me. More beautiful than the first plate, they sparkled. CHEESE SPARKLED!What does this mean? So what? Big deal. Total coincidence, right?I know in my heart I connected with those nacho-potentialities and made them come to be as the beautiful plate that was placed before me... There's no question in my mind. Not even the faintest hint of doubt. And every day since, I've made small things happen. Am I able to win the lottery? No. I tried. But I didn't BELIEVE believe. I only wished and hoped and did what everyone else does. My skills are weak. It's very different knowing that the money is already mine, compared to knowing I'd have nachos. Winning the lottery is a huge and powerful experience that I'm not prepared for... Everyone asks me to will them their hearts' desires. It doesn't work like that... I don't care if you find your wallet (I do, but not like I need to)... You need to believe that you already have it and it will happen. You can literally have anything you want if it's mutually beneficial to you and the object's relationship to the world.I know. This sounds like voodoo. Hocus pocus. The Secret. Whatever. It's crazy. I don't know it's true. I just feel it is with every ounce of passion and love and creative energy I've ever experienced... I share this experience primarily because I enjoy being made fun of but if even one person gives it a try and finds power in their life I've done a very good thing. Oh! and to remind everyone Four Peaks is life changing.
4	The best fish and chips outside of Harry Ramsden's in the UK.
4	Simple math:1 Pint Hop Knot + 2 Hot Bavarian Pretzels with Spicy Mustard = 21 hours of being awake totally worth it
4	A great after work hangout, it gets pretty loud in there. Fine brewery has at times very good food, tvs, and service. I've been there so many times I've worn it out.
4	I happened to be in Scottsdale on business and I was really happy when I found out there was a Four Peaks in the area.  I frequented the Tempe location when I lived in the area so this was a real pleasant surprise.  In any case, we landed at 10:30 and made a b-line to the bar before retiring for the night.  We arrived an instantly things got even better....late night happy hour....awesome.  We grabbed some pretzels to soak up the beer.  They might be the best pretzels I've ever had.  Throw in the great beer and service and you have someplace with a little soul in the midst of the urban sprawl.I'm glad to see the Four Peaks folks doing well enough to expand.
3	I know this is going to be super girly but I love the peach beer at Four Peaks and the beer battered fries are amazing.
5	As a new member of the Yelp community I feel compelled to go back in time and review places I have been that I will never forget. I was in town to enjoy the amazing golf that is located in Scottsdale and it was important for my friends and I to find a solid bar that was unlike what we would go to back home. Upon arriving to the hotel the desk clerk suggested we take a short drive to Four Peaks, and we were glad we did.A local brewery at it's finest!! We arrived late lunch and didn't walk out till after midnight! The set up was perfect, a long bar to belly up to overlooking a sea of tables and even an upstairs balcony with a couple of pool tables. Sampling at least one pint of every flavor that was offered and putting down one appetizer an hour it didn't take long for the staff to realize we were on vacation. The staff was amazing; taking the time to chat with some out of place Texans we learned about the beer they brewed and the places we should go. Since we were there for about 10 hrs we saw the tides of people come in and out during specific windows. The happy hour was vibrant yet relaxed, followed by busy yet orderly dinner rush. While it's easy to believe that we never stopped smiling because of all the drinking we were doing, the true reason is that we simply were having that good of a time. Perhaps it's a different story for folks from the area, but for those of us vacationing in Scottsdale it is imperative that a stop at Four Peaks is on the agenda! Thank You Scottsdale!!
4	Can't really say anything about the place that hasn't already been said--great service, cool, relaxed atmosphere, best bar food I've ever had, killer fries, Kiltlifter's great, 8th Street Ale's pretty good, blah, blah, blah. . . it's all true.Actually I take that back--try the stuffed chicken if it's on the menu. (it's a special) It's effing awesome.  This place truly does have the best bar food. Anywhere.
5	Just visited the FP on Pima on Saturday for lunch. We hadn't been in a while, but have never had a bad meal there. The streak continues.First off, they are not afraid of trying new things at Four Peaks, and I've never experienced a failed experiment. Also, the service has always been efficient, fast and friendly.Btw...major kudos to them for putting their kids menus on the back of those little magnetic/erasable drawing tablets. Kept my 2 1/2 year old busy for at least 10 minutes - and that's saying something!! We tried the shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta, which tasted even better than it sounds. And it wasn't anything we expected. Bruschetta is usually some slivers of bread, with a few toppings. Good, sure, but this thing was a mountainous monstrosity of dee-lish-us-ness. Imagine a plate of tacos, but the chips are bruschetta bread, and the toppings are diced tomatoes in olive oil, plenty of chunks of goat cheese, and 6 large succulent shrimp. Heaven, but almost too much!I took the server's suggestion and tried the beer bread steak sandwich, which was essentially a cheese steak with onions and peppers served in a delicious homemade "beer bread" - kind of like a moist, soft, ,chewy tortilla. As Cookie Monster would say, and I quote, "YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM!"My wife had the panko-crusted sea bass salad, which she raved about after every bite. And the wife is one of those unlucky-at-food, who rarely gets anything that tastes like she thinks it's going to taste. Even the cheeseburger and fries was devoured by my kid.For the first time, I didn't try a beer here, but I was sorely tempted by the Pumpkin Ale on tap. If not for the heartburn and lack of Tums citrus, I would have gladly quaffed a pint.Love this place!!
5	First bar that I went to when I moved from Minnesota to Scottsdale 4 months ago.This is the bar that I still go to and love going to, the 'bar' food that has yet to disappoint, and the beer that I crave.Great times had and great times to come.
5	I'll admit, normally I just go there for beers (which are most excellent) but I decided to eat there twice in the last few weeks.  Both times, I couldn't believe the food.  Having eaten too much bar food in my life, I think I am finally growing up...The first time I was with a group of friends visiting from Las Vegas, and we pretty much worked the appetizers & pizzas.  The food was great, and everyone really enjoyed it .  The second time I went, I happened to be eating alone and had the chef's special (some fish).  Fish is easy to screw up and difficult to master, but this was one of the best pieces of fish I have ever eaten.In both cases I went, the service, music (some sweet 80's & 90's jams were playing) & food were amazing, not to mention the beer.  Nothing compares to a glass of the pumpkin porter.  If you are looking for a good hearty meal, go there.  I've never had a bad beer or meal there.
2	Their food is pretty good.  I love their Pizzas, however their wine totally sucks. I know this is a Brewery folks and I go with people who like to try their different beers, but since I don't drink beer, what's in it for me?  Their wine is so terrible, their selection is so poor that it spoils my whole evening.I have been there a couple of times and their wine selection has changed over time, but it seems they pick the same type of wine every time.  No body, no favor.  Yuck!  Come on folks, find someone who knows wine to pick a good selection.
4	I love coming here for happy hour after a long day at work. Great atmosphere, beer and their chicken rolls are so yummy!
4	As you may have read in a previous review, so graciously provided by Dally, that Four Peaks is our post-Tuesday night hockey watering hole. We normally show up stinky and limping or in some sour mood or another. Somehow we always leave a little happier, but still limping, well I do anyway. Unfailingly, we are greeted by the bouncer, who no longer cares to see our ID's, either because he can see the age in our strides or because he knows us now. I would like to believe the latter. Also, waiting for us is the lovely and nicht so talented Karina. Bless her poor soul for putting up with our asinine questions about her life and our requests for more water. She humors us anyway. We are made to feel like this place is home, at least for a couple of hours on a Tuesday night. Karina knows what we order for drinks and never has to ask, just brings. I usually switch between a simple salad with a great balsamic vinaigrette or a plate of fries. I know, diametrically opposed. Just depends on the mood and how committed I am that day/week to my diet. I always get the 8th St Ale though. It is very good and for 3 bucks can't be beat. I have enjoyed the pretzels, the now "famous" nachos, with chicken mind you, the spinach-artichoke dip, some of the various wing flavors, and a pizza. For late night dining they are all very palatable.  I have a funny wing story, but I think it is only funny to me, Dallas, Z, and our friend Peter.  If we ever get the elusive Z to join, I will make sure he shares his story on here.Until then, check out Four Peaks in Scottsdale.  The late night menu satisfies and is not hard on the wallet.  Tell Karina Brad sent you.  You won't get a discount, maybe just a laugh.
5	I love this place!  The drinks are awesome.  The food is wonderful. The staff is always friendly!  There is something for everyone on the menu.  I love their home brews, specifically the Kiltlifter!  I really like how they suggest one of their beers to match every meal on the menu.  Nice touch!I've been here several times and have NEVER had anything less than a wonderful experience!
3	If it weren't for the beer here, this place would just be another sports bar type of place. Just cover the floor with sawdust and it'd be set. They've got a great selection of beer and that's it and that's all. The food here ranges from "meh" to "wtf were they thinking? Chipotle hummus? Maybe after that they can work on salmon flavored ice cream for a dessert menu. All jabbing aside, the beers here are all very distinct and cover a pretty good range. Anything from a dark to light as well as a pretty wide range of flavors. The Peach Ale is a favorite of mine and it's not too heavy either. As far as prices go, it's incredibly cheap for what you get. A big glass of beer for a small note always equal a good time.
4	If you like the Tempe brewpub, this NoSco "grill and tap" is very similar. To start, all the yummy Four Peaks brews are the same (can't you just picture the Four Peaks mobile trekking keg after keg up the 101?), and the excellent pub grub on the menu is identical to the Tempe location. Being an ASU alum, I frequented the Tempe location, and it was one of the most unique and fun bars near campus. The atmosphere in Scottsdale is similar, despite being in one of the north side's more complicated and ginormous strip centers. They've clearly taken a design tip from the Tempe spot, with brick walls, similar lighting and bar and a decent-sized patio out front (not nearly the size of Tempe's, but oh well). I like that there's a loft-like second story to the Scottsdale location, but it's not nearly as bustling upstairs for some reason. If you're in Scottsdale, stop in, order a Kiltlifter and get the reuben sandwich or one of the big juicy burgers.
5	Love this place!!! Have been going to Four Peaks for 10 years and have never had any complaints. I remember the first time going to FP (In Tempe) and thinking the place was pretty cool, good crowd, laid back. Met a big group of friends there so it was a great time! The thing I remember most was how good the food was. In my opinion the Scottsdale location isn't great as far as the setup and decor goes. Great crowd though so that pretty much cancels out what the place looks like. The beer is great and love drinking micro brews. The menu is what you would expect for a brew pub but everything I've tried is a step above. Let me tell you about the fish and chips... I've tried talking myself into ordering them quite a few times but can never bring myself to. For some reason I'm never in the mood for them. My friend that I meet for lunch there orders them pretty much every time so today was my day!!!! Beer battered fried goodness is all I have to say! Where have these things been all of my life? The cod was flaky and not fishy tasting at all... The crispy beer battered texture on the outside was perfect and not too crunchy. If you like fish and chips or even if you are on the fence... Try them! Try anything there and I doubt you will be disappointed.
4	I know you'll come here for the beer, but I have been to this joint twice with Wifey, and the food is REALLY good! We've had salads, wings, a burger, and appetizers, all items have been very tasty and fresh. If you happen to be up near Pima, Frank Lloyd Wright, and N. Scottsdale, give this place a try for lunch or dinner!
4	I've been coming here for a while.  Their beer is really good and so is the food.  I really like the italian beef beer bread sandwich (with beer battered fries of course), the cheesy garlic beer bread, fish and chips and the az chicken rolls.  My favorite beers are the kiltlifter, hefe, and apricot (not sweet like it sounds).  The atmosphere is cool, but the service can sometimes be iffy.  Still worth it though.  Just wish they had a better happy hour....
3	Location faces west (faces Hayden Rd. right before it reaches Frank Lloyd Wright).  Modest looking bar with great craft beer on tap, including seasonals that rotate fairly often and cask ale always available on tap.Food and prices are reasonable, but nothing spectacular.  Highly recommend Hefe-Weizen, and IPA for the hop lovers.  Pretzels are a great appetizer.
2	Go to They Yard House.... For Beer and Food....Yes - The Yard House is chain but their food is 100000x.  The menu actually sounds more appealing and the food actually is better..I was looking forward to going to 4 Peaks after hearing great things.  I certainly enjoy a nice cold beer.  (Which they don't have at 4 Peaks - b/c apparently room temperature and slightly colder are the perfect temps to bring out the flavor?!?!  - if thats the case - then why was the frosty mug created?)Our water was great - straight up honest about what he likes and didn't in regard to the menu - which I really appreciate.Overall - unimpressed....
2	Go to The Yard House.... For Beer and Food....Yes - The Yard House is chain but their food is 100000x.  The menu actually sounds more appealing and the food actually is better..I was looking forward to going to 4 Peaks after hearing great things.  I certainly enjoy a nice cold beer.  (Which they don't have at 4 Peaks - b/c apparently room temperature and slightly colder are the perfect temps to bring out the flavor?!?!  - if thats the case - then why was the frosty mug created?)Our water was great - straight up honest about what he likes and didn't in regard to the menu - which I really appreciate.Overall - unimpressed....
5	Love this place!  The beers are fresh and flavorful. The people are outstanding; the service is excellent.  Tons of big tvs. It's such a great place to spend a few hours or grab a quick drink.
4	Very cool brewery.  I pay less for good craft beer here than I pay for "regular" beer up the road.  Their appetizers are excellent as well.  Staff is always on the ball, and the beer is wonderful!  The atmosphere is very welcoming as well, this place has some character.  Did I mention how good their beer is?
4	Looking for a laid back place to go enjoy a brewski with friends, family, on a date, or even solo?  Four Peaks Brewery is your place.  Not only is the staff extremely attentive, but the atmosphere is awesome, and the food is pretty impressive as well!I've been to this Scottsdale location a couple of times and had really great experiences.  The spinach salad with salmon is delicious - made with fresh spinach, goat cheese, veggies, and perfectly cooked salmon... get it with the raspberry dressing - it rocks!  The spinach artichoke dip and the beer bread sandwiches are tasty also - and guess what?  Their entire menu goes well with beer.  Imagine that?!I've enjoyed their Peach Ale and Sun Brew, but I imagine you can't go wrong with whatever beer you're in the mood for... An extra bonus is that this location is walking distance to the Regal Sonoran 10 movie theater, so you can go enjoy a beer and/or a meal before or after a movie no problem - it makes for my favorite kind of night!
4	Joined up with some folks here for happy hour before a movie on Thursday.  The spinach/artichoke dip appetizer was great and really could suffice for two of me for a dinner.  The was my first taste of Kiltlifter and I am a fan!The address shows Pima Rd and I spent 15 minutes cruising the parking lot before I figured out it faces Hayden.
4	Well I sure feel like and Idiot.I found Four Peaks actually via Yelp, go there almost weekly and now have a smorgasbord of empty brown jugs filling my top kitchen cupboards.What's that tell you ;)The AZ Peach and IPA's are my favorite and I will be a customer for a long time.
5	For 14 years I have loved everything about this place.  It is always GREAT, from the food to the beer to the service.  The dedication to this craft for 14 years takes a very special crew of people.  I Love this place.
5	Four peaks you did it again! Ordered the same thing... Fish and Chips (Very good) the service was very fast even though they were extremely busy. FP's has failed to disappoint me!
4	Simple and short - cant beat a place that brews its own beer.  The Scottsdale location is great, usually really quiet with good service, and they have pretty good food for a bar.  Fish and chips are surprisingly really good, so are the chicken fingers (I'm sorry I like late night finger food)Their beers are great with a great selecion, from chocolates to very hoppy to wheaty to heffs to the oh so yummy AZ peach.  Also, you can take home big jugs with fresh tap beer if you want for a pretty good price, always good if you're lookin to continue your good time at home
4	Ive been here many times and decided to do a review. Food here is always good. We had a first bad piece of food this go around and it was the spinach artichoke dip but oh well nothing a kiltlifter cant fix if you know what im saying. had the bbq chicken pizza which is one of my favorites cant go wrong with that. If your not sure which beer to try if this is your first time at Four Peeks i recomment the beer sampler you cant go wrong. This place can get packed on Fridays but was pretty slow for a Saturday night.
1	My BF and I had a particularly rough day & decided to skip cooking at home and went to Four Peaks around happy hour time last week. I was looking forward to some good food and a couple of glasses of wine. It will be the last time we ever go there.It took about 15 minutes for anyone to even come over and greet us & take our drink order and even then, we had to go to the hostess stand and pick up our own menus. We decided to split the steak fajitas. We were pleasantly surprised when the food came out quickly. Then I took a couple of bites and realized that the fajitas were so incredibly spicy that I would be unable to eat them. The menu did not describe them as spicy and since Four Peaks is NOT a Mexican restaurant, I would never expect that level of spice. I eat some fairly spicy foods, but this was so spicy that they need to say so on the menu! We could not find our waitress, so we told the hostess about the issue. She just looked at us & said, "oh..sorry!" but did nothing, just kept leaning on the hostess stand. Even BF had to stop eating the fajitas - he was sweating bullets!! When the waitress came by over 10 minutes later, she apologized and then said she'd be right back. I thought she was going to get a manager, but no..she just went to deliver drinks to another table. ?? When she came back and asked if I'd like something else. I ordered the calamari appetizer. When it came, I was again disappointed with the menu's description. It wasn't the usual calamari, it was the large, thick, chewy variety instead of the small, crispy & light type. Again, they should put this in the menu description!I sat with an empty wine glass for 15 minutes and when we got our bill, they had made no concession for the mishap with the fajitas. Our bill was over $50 and I went home hungry. The service was terrible and so was the food.
5	What can I say?  This is my favorite place in the world to eat or drink.  I don't know where to begin.At both locations whether it's busy as all hell or dead, we are always seated pretty promptly.  The beer is top notch.  Kiltlifter is my #1 favorite beer of all time.  I've tried them all and they are all very competitive but Kiltlifter takes the cake.Onto the foodies.  Without a doubt, any burger on the menu is going to be monstrous and delightful.  Mushroom and Swiss is my backup but I've recently fallen in love with the Jalapeno burger.  It's cream cheese, roasted jalapenos (not spicy) and onion straws.  For $9 you can't beat it.  I really haven't strayed away from my favorites (I tend to stick with what I love) but anything anyone has ordered on the menu, there has never been a complaint.Without a doubt, if you are just visiting for a day or two in Tempe or Scottsdale, this is the place you want to go for lunch or dinner.  It will save you on the pocketbook and you'll leave with a smile on your face.They also play wonderful music and have lots and lots of television.  I have also never had to wait longer than 5 minutes to sit at a table.
5	Four Peaks Brewery never fails to bring back fond memories of many many things.. Old friends, early 20's, scandalous bathroom "breaks", the "patio of illegal behavior", exes, birthday celebrations, drunken debauchery, peeing my pants.... among many other things. It's always the same too, so for a place that brings pleasant reminiscent thoughts and consistency, who can complain? Great menu options, I'd say its your typical above average bar type cuisine, but none of it has ever been crap. I would be the first to list a list of crap if needed. On top of that they have Kiltlifer, so seriously, what is better? To put the whipped cream on top of all of these wonderful things, I swear the only other person in Phoenix who has ever lived in (or even visited) Cape Cod works here.. makes for good conversation about things Phoenicians could give a shit less about. Like sailboats, sea glass and lobstahs. Perfection comes in all shapes and sizes, and luckily, Four Peaks is one of them for me. No complaints here, I have and always will love Four Peaks.
4	Had dinner here last night and loved it.  I was totally sold on the food when our server, upon being asked if there was a lite-Ranch dressing, responded with..."No.  Sorry, but we make all of our dressings in house."If a place is putting in the time to make their own salad dressings, then they are definitely concerned with the details.  This was clearly evident in everything we ate.  Simply put, it was all really good.It stands to reason, though.  Judging from the long list of awards they've won for their beers, it seems that they want to make sure the food is on par...and they've accomplished exactly that.Didn't sample multiple beers, but am looking forward to going back on a Saturday or Sunday during football season, getting a seat at the bar and putting in the time to do so.
5	Too amazing!
4	I've been for lunch half a dozen times and usually sit at the bar.  Their beers are great.  I'm a home brewer and am pretty discerning in my beer tastes.  Their HopKnot IPA has a huge nose of hops if you are a hop lover--which I am.  However the 8th Street Pale is probably my favorite.  It is a great balanced English style pale ale--without the bitter edge of an American pale ale like SN.  On a hot day their Kolsch is super refreshing and reminds me of being in Germany.  I've had mostly burgers and fries there and they are good.  The atmosphere is casual and the staff is friendly and attentive.  If you are a craft beer lover it is a nice laid back destination to enjoy a brew...or two.  They also pour growlers and sell cans of Kolsch and Kiltlifter in 12 packs.
2	Went here with a large group for a holiday lunch.It was... just okay. We pick a different restaurant every year, and we've yet to hit a jackpot. But, hey, free lunch.The server was really nice but made some noob mistakes like not writing down the table positions of who ordered what. What ensued was a bunch of people circling the table for 10 minutes going, "Turkey club? Turkey club?" No one ever did own up to that turkey club. I got the fish and chips which were Long John Silver-esque. Definitely not impressed.Their beers are okay but I didn't order any on this particular trip. Maybe the food is more impressive after a few Kiltlifters?
5	Four Peaks has been our "watering hole" for a few years.  The food,  beer and staff are great.  There are several "regulars" that hang out and it really feels like "Cheers" bar.  Most sports bar don't put the level of care into their food, not Four Peaks, their food is fantastic.  If you are a Vikings fan (like me) or a Boston (any sport) you'll feel at home.
4	This secondary location of Four Peaks is located in the extreme northern section of Scottsdale in a strip mall directly behind a Chuck-E-Cheese want-to-be. It's a great sports bar. A patio opens into the main seating room via a garage-door-style set of window panes. The layout maximizes the small amount of floor space and there is a TV on absolutely every wall in the place meaning there is nowhere you can't see one - even from the balcony that also features a pool table. We walked in during a Minnesota Vikings playoff game, which was apparently a mistake, because this is obviously a Vikings bar. The place was packed with purple people eaters sporting Four Peaks/Vikings shirts.I didn't get a chance to try the food as we left at halftime. But I was very impressed by the assortment of interesting pizza toppings. I definitely would have stacked one up with some spinach, pine nuts, buffalo mozzarella, portabellas, goat cheese, pesto and sun dried tomatoes. The beers are - of course - the same as the main location. They haven't changed much since I visited last year. The Raj IPA is still the best choice along with a decent stout on nitro and a crowd-pleasing Scottish called a Kilt Lifter. Same scores for beer.The service was bad that night, but I don't blame them, they were packed and we weren't eating.Overall, I would come here to watch a game every single time.
5	Four Peaks is delicious, the food is delicious, THE BEER IS DELICIOUS. Thats it, thats all, its not an opinion, its fact. DO NOT go to yard house. Support local business!
4	Laid back, great beer, and a menu packed with variety for everyone.We sat on the outside patio and enjoyed lunch.  I got the portabella veggie beer bread since I had no idea what to expect from the name alone! Turns out, it is lots of veggies and LOTS (maybe too much) cheese rolled in a tasty beer bread wrap.  Very good, and of course, the french fries were awesome too.  Friendly service, even the chef came out to check on our table (he was yummy too!)This was the first time I had been to this location, since I'm from Tempe and usually frequent the original.  It was clean and had normal brewery decor, but it's hard to beat the Tempe location with the actual beer brewing gear and old charming character.Definitely check this place out if you're in the area.
4	I love BLTs and I love Four Peaks twist on the original and using blackened/grilled salmon in addition to LTO and bacon and using some pesto mayo instead of just regular mayo (which is super gross of course), and of course, it always goes great with a 4Peaks beer! I love the 8th street ale and I love the giant menu...a shout out to the chef too (he is great at what he does!)Good service, good food, awesome beer, and the company that goes along with all of the above certainly doesn't suck :)
4	I've been here many times.  This last visit I ordered something different - the fish and chips.  Really nice fish and perfectly fried.  The tartar sauce was just right.  Washed down with the nectar of the gods (Kiltlifter) and I'm a happy guy.
5	The visit to this North Scottsdale locale was long overdo. The food was absolutely delicious. I've only visited the locale in Tempe and enjoyed their beer and pretzels but this time around, a date and I decided to make a stop in and try the 'food food'. The place was pretty busy, due to a Suns vs Lakers game on- but it didn't discount the service what-so-ever. The hostess were very kind, and prompt in finding us a great spot to sit. Our server was also a pleasure and very helpful when it came to some of the menu knowledge. We warmed up with an appetizer of pretzels to share (FYI:2 come in 1 order) and enjoyed a Hefeweizen garnished with an orange slice. My date got the Arizona Peach ale, which was tasty but sweet, so heads up- you may be disappointed if you order a pitcher.For the meal, I tried the 'Popper' Burger, medium, which included a heap of fried onion strings, atop of a juicy burger with sliced grilled jalapenos and cream cheese. Seriously soo good- I'm actually getting hungry thinking about it again lol.  There was absolutely no room for dessert but the meal, the bar setting and the service was great. I will definitely be back soon! Can't believe I've lived on this side of town about 3 yrs and it took me this long to stop in.
5	Breakfast, lunch, dinner. Beer, beer, beer. Mmm...Our favorite place to watch sports, but a particularly good location to go on football Sundays. You can have breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in the same seat  and never have to move your head to see all the games. If you beat us there, try for the center high-top upstairs... you can see everything, including people watching the door. Now, this is all great but how about your three meals? Well, have yourself the beer-bread wrap for breakfast... Go with the Thai chicken wings for a lunch snack (actual real size wings), and fish-n-chips for dinner. Forget the calories, you look great. As for beer, I like the IPA with everything, but picking beer for your meal(s) is half the fun. See you at the center table.
4	Best bar food around! oh and the beers are pretty good too. Probably one of the best  brewery's in the Valley. The patio is a cool place to hang out at. They have misters out and heat lamps, so you can sit out there all year long. It gets pretty loud inside especially on Friday nights. Not a bad place to watch a game, but what's with all the Viking fans?? Everything is great about this place, great hangout with buddies, watch the game and just need a good beer.
4	Four Peaks Brewery is a great place to make full use of Happy Hour.  Four Peaks' beer is really good and getting it on the cheap makes it even better.  But what makes inexpensive good beer even more enjoyable is when you can have it with equally-good food.  During my last visit to Four Peaks Brewery I was able to take advantage of their Happy Hour specials on beer, eat their above-average bar food, and watch the NBA postseason on their many big-screen TVs.  I was advised to order a burger, and that guidance didn't steer me wrong.  I ordered their Jalapeno Popper Burger which was cheesy, spicy, and big.  I've never had cream cheese on a burger but this combo was perfect.  At most bars the food takes a secondary role to the drinks.  You would naturally assume the same would hold for a brew pub that is known for their good beer.  Four Peaks has you forget that old adage, as their food manages to be as good as their beer.
5	Excellent dinner. Great service and atmosphere. The chicken tenders are the best we've ever eaten, salad was fresh, chicken roll appetizers were amazing. Go here- you won't be disappointed.
5	Love love love this place! Great place to relax and have some great grub. Food is always great which go well with any beer...depending on which kind you like. Don't like beer? They have wine and other liquors I'm sure the bartender can make a drink to your liking. Crowd is laid back and there to have a good time. Great place to watch games as well. They close at 2am which is good if you work late and need a beer to relax you. Cant go wrong with this place!
5	this is by far my favorite bar in the valley.  the beer is fabulous and they have a fantastic late night menu and drink specials. i love that i can order food until 1am.  we always sit at the bar and have great service, but i can't attest to the service in the rest of the restaurant.   the patio is a great spot to sit and people-watch and relax.
4	Well I usually don't go by what the newspaper say about places or drinks. But I rarely see Mark Tarbell give anything a 99 but he gave the Four Peaks Brewery a high mark for its Kilt Lifter Scottish Style ale.  I bought a 6 pack and it was in fact amazing.  No headache, although that depends on how much you drink.  Great flavor.   I don't this is is really a Scottsdale Ale because I played gofl with two Scots and they said in there heavy brogues.  Hell no.   Anyway try it at the Brewery or bring some home.  Great pick of the day in the hot summer.
5	I'm not really a beer person, but they have a full bar and make a pretty good margarita, so I'm good. My husband goes for the beer (RAJ IPA) and sports, I think they have great food. I love their portabella wrap, dump a bunch of Arizona gunslinger hot sauce (located on every table) on it and heaven! I also really enjoy their gardenburger. I am a vegetarian and get really happy when I have more than one option on a menu. I also really like that you can get a salad rather than french fries. Their honey mustard dressing is really good. My husband loves their fish and chips.The service is very good and there is a good amount of seating. I prefer the Scottsdale location (I hate the big fans in the Tempe location) but they are both good.We have gone there with friends, parents, grandparents and everyone was impressed with the food.  We always leave happy.
4	Absolutely love Kilt Lifter! Love the flavor and richness of this beer..Great food too for a brewery. I have tried many things here and have not been disappointed yet. The nachos rock!Definitely worth checking out.
3	Good option for late night food if you're in the North Scottsdale area.  They have the standard type stuff you would expect to find at a brewery- wings, sandwiches, burgers.  They also have surprisingly good salads.
5	Great staff without an attitude (which is rare in Scottsdale).  As I was waiting for my party to arrive, I was sitting outside drinking my beer and eating my food.  Without ANY questions and/or hassle, my bill was transferred inside when my party arrived.  Not only that, but our waiter remember exactly what I had and was able to split it without me even asking him to do so.  OK, how great is that?  I am totally sold on the service there an  I will definitely come back.  Very nice unpretentious place.
5	great little spot in tempe...always have a great time here and tonight did not disappoint, the worst thing is I can never decide on what  I want more, a reuben or french dip. :) love the beers and atmosphere, always really quick to get food out and the service is always good.
5	Best Main Stream Brewery in AZ. Food is very good and pairs with beer selections well. Highly recommend the burgers and beer bread, but really the whole menu is delectable.
4	All the beers are great, didn't and wont try the peach one though.  My favorite is the Raj IPA great strong flavor.  The food is what really sets this place apart though.  The Salmon BLT is one of my favorite sandwiches in town.  Arizona rolls also must be tried by all.
5	If you like a good variety of great beer and love sports go here. Food is a really good here too (drunk or sober :) **Drink tip get 3 quarters of their peach ale and 1 quarter Ace Cider (Tastes like melted jolly ranchers) but it's a beer! :)
5	This is by far the best Micro Brewery in the valley.  I doubt I'll every find a better beer.  All of their brews are fantastic, you can't go wrong with the Four Peaks selection.  Last night, we had a pitcher of the RJA IPA, which was wonderful, but for any first timers, I highly recommend the Kilt Lifter. The food is also top notch.  I've never had anything on menu that I didn't enjoy.I also enjoyed that it wasn't very crowded.  I went on Saturday night at 7:15, just as the ASU game was about to kick off.  The place had a good crowd, but it wasn't packed.The Tempe location is probably better overall.  But this is a very close second (and the parking isn't as big of a pain).
4	Exactly the same as the Tempe location but you can swap the annoying students for pricks from north Scottsdale.  The food and beer remain tasty.
2	We frequent the original Tempe location (since it is close to the home my husband and I share), and I was pleased to learn that my new job in Scottsdale was close to another location of our favorite brewery!  However, upon my first TWO visits, the service was far from acceptable.  The waitress told our table (we were upstairs) that she "wouldn't be by much" b/c she had more tables downstairs.  Excuse me??  It got worse when she took our order and got everything mixed up when she brought it out (again blaming us for being upstairs).  She brought beers and set them all at one end of the table and let us distribute them ourselves (since when is this buffet style?!), which she also did with out CHECKS!!  She forgot about bringing me extra ranch, even though I ordered it TWICE, and she didn't bring my husband's food at all.  The second time we were there, the service was marginally better, but not anywhere close to the level we receive at the Tempe location.  My co-workers and I will not be back anytime soon, and my husband and I will stick to the Tempe location.  Bottom line: drive the extra 20 miles (seriously!!) you will be much happier at the end of your meal in tempe, even if you have a bit more of a drive!
4	I have been to 4 Peaks several times. Each visit has been a pleasant experience. As a casual microbrewery 4 Peaks does a good job. The handcrafted beers that I have tried are all very good. My personal favorite is the Kilt Lifter, an amber ale, similar to a Fat Tire but not nearly as sweet.  This Friday I met some colleagues at the 4 Peaks in North Scottsdale. A friend and I decided to split the 16" barbecue chicken pizza. This size was just right for 2 people. We both started out very hungry and still had two slices left over.I would rate the quality of the pizza below dedicated pizza joints like Bianco, Grimaldi's and Humble Pie, but above places like Peter Piper, Zipps, etc... It was about on par with something you would get from Papa Johns or Dominos, which is just fine in my book if accompanied by a really good cold beer. The place was full and had a lively atmosphere. The only thing missing was a good college football game. With that in mind, next time I will go on a Saturday. Cheers!
4	Love the seasonal Pumpkin Porter. It's darker than I normally order, but it didn't have the harsh aftertaste. We ordered wings to share. They were OK nothing special. I shared the Chicken Beer Bread sandwich. It is like a wrap cut into 4 pieces which makes it easy to share. I really liked it. Lots of artichoke hearts and mozzarella cheese. I tasted the Thai Hummus. It was good and spicy. The bathroom stunk, literally. Parking was tough and we ended up far down the street. Good beer, good food. I'll be back...
4	Don't count out the younger brother! Although they don't brew their own bear at this location, it still taste just as fresh as Tempe. Now Tempe's location is the shit, but the reason why I like this one better is because it isn't as busy! The happy hour is still the same awesome prices, just with less commotion. The atmosphere is a lot more laid back and staff is friendly,.Favorite beet: Oatmeal StoutFavorite appetizer: Spicey Thai Hummus and beef nachos!
4	Never a disappointment! We live close by. My favorite brewery! My favorites are The seasonal pumpkin beer, Hefeweizen, the peach beer and of course you can not go wrong with Kiltlifter! Always good food and good service! Among our many visits, I have hosted a Happy Hour here for my Hiking group with a turn out of 20-30 people on a busy Friday night and everyone had a great time and we had great service and great food! Very accommodating,Thank you!
5	I'm not a beer drinker, so I cant rave about how delicious the beer is... but I will say that my boyfriend loved it!  He got the (very reasonably priced!) sampler tray, so was able to taste a little bit of everything and was impressed.My review is based off of the food, which was fantastic!  I never thought I would enjoy a plate of nachos as much as I enjoyed a plate of these nachos!  We ordered a few other apps as well, and they were all absolutely delish.  Very impressed with the food, service was good, prices were great... 5 stars from me!
5	This is my absolute favorite brewery.Customers sit in the same building as the brewing vats and the atmosphere is just buzzing with conversations.I have a little tradition here. I start with the Hefeweizen, then move on to the Kiltlifter, then finish off with the Oatmeal Stout. Then maybe another stout, then another, okay, just one more.The food is also top notch. Everything from the nachos to the beer battered fries to the beer bread is good. I've tried them all. They also have a different list of dinner specials every night.If you're into beer this is a place you can't miss.
4	Great local brewery and restaurant. The food is very consistent and good. Ranges from wings and appetizers to burgers n sandwiches, to steaks and pastas. All their food is very fresh and made to order. Have a great selection of about 9 homemade beers. They do a good happy hour on beers only. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable definitely a good place to come. They also have a lot of tvs for watching sporting events. Good fun place with a good crowd.
2	Okay, I am typically not a fan of a bad Yelp review just because of one dick move on the part of a server, but I am going to break my own rule here. First, the food here is okay. Definitely not bad, but nothing special. The beer is good. The atmosphere is a bit sterile. They do not sell or give away stickers. Is it just me, or should all breweries give away or sell stickers with their logo and slogan?But I digress. We met an old friend and proceeded to drink a lot of beer along with dinner. At 10:55, we were pretty well lubricated, and our server talked us into one more round even though our beers were half full (for those of you worrying, we didn't drive - took a cab). Anyhoo, at 11:00, our server for the past 4 hours vanished, and some tight t-shirt wearing toolshed told us we had to finish our drinks in 10 minutes. None of us had started the new beers. No one told us that the place was closing at 11. We protested to no avail. In the end, the frugal half of the party chugged their microbrews, while the other half left full beers on the table. We had to go to the bar next door to get a cab called since no one at the restaurant wanted to wait for it and for us to finish our drinks. Weak. If you are going to close at grandma's bedtime, have a last call to warn the rest of us. And wear normal t-shirt sizes.
4	we always stop here when in phoenix.i had a cobb salad of some sort. AWESOMEbob had a salmon club sandwich i think it was, and it looked awesome. the multi grain bread had me dying to steal the second half off his plate and take a giant bite out of it.we left no crumbs behind.
4	A great Brewpub!!  It is about half way between two of my favorite golf stores, so thankfully it  is very convenient for me.  They also have two of my favorite beers - Kilt Lifter and Oatmeal Stout. Consequently, I am here on a regular basis.I have stopped by at all times of the day - lunch, happy hour, and dinner.  I have to confess, I very seldom eat here - not because the food is bad - but simply because I am usually on my way one place or another.  What I have eaten - burgers, pizza, appetizers - all have been good, but not outstanding.  However, the portions are large and filling.What stands out are their beers.  Beside my two favorites, the IPA's are solid, and their specialty beers are outstanding.  Although it can get rushed at times, I have always had great service.  My only criticism is that sometimes they do not schedule correctly, and the poor servers are running to keep up.  They do a wonderful job, but you can tell that they have to many tables to serve. Be aware - it can get busy, particularly at night and during popular games. If you don't like crowds, or just want quiet conversation and drinking, it can be overwhelming.
4	I'm really glad North Scottsdale has a 4 Peaks location to keep it real. I tend to feel less and less compelled toward that area as it pops up with more commercial, crappy, generic restaurants, shopping centers and social hot (not) spots. I'm not big on the overall vibe up there for the most part, but I'm a softie for 4 Peaks. This location was equally as tasty and fun lovin as the Tempe joint but not as crowded. The food, the beer, the staff - all consistent with the original. I was really happy we found a spot to actually sit during a playoff game!I'll be sure to ALWAYS suggest going here anytime I venture that-a-way. I'd take a microbrew and Thai Hummus over a Coors and nasty nachos anyday.
1	I have been to this place a couple of times for business lunches and had never been disappointed with food or service until tonight.Food 2/5We had the thai hummus and southwest burger. The hummus is actually very nice. Has a nice kick to it and you take taste the peanut sauce but its not overwhelming. The pita however was very soggy and felt like it came straight out of a microwave. The southwest burger was good, nothing more and nothing less. I did expect more 'southwest flavor' though.Service 1/5About 2 minutes after our appetizer was brought out the server brought our entree's  'Sorry, your server put in two different tickets' was his reaction when he noticed that we had just begun eating the appetizer. When we asked our waitress she said 'its so quiet tonight that they're just really fast bringing out the food.'  When I notified the waitress that the fries were luke warm and that I was not happy with the whole situation she looked at us with a 'wow, I really dont care. wtf are you complaining about' attitude and asked us what we would like her to do. I guess it was too much to ask of her to just fix the situation. We ended up eating our appetizer as dessert -after- our entree since the entree itself wasnt warm to begin with and didnt want it to cool any further while we ate our appetizers. Then, when we *after* were finished another server brought new fries -which we did not ask for and sent back to the kitchen- ???To top it off, our server must have noticed that we already had dessert in the form of appetizers and dropped the check at our table without asking whether we wanted dessert. And yes, you've guessed it, everything was on there we paid full price for very poor service and mediocre food.The beer was good though but thankfully you can get that at a dozen other places throughout the valley.
3	I came from out of town but was told I had to come here to try the Peach Ale. It was tasty, but a 4.0%.  They had around 10 handcrafted beers. We also tried the Hefewiezen and 8th Street.  8th St. was definitely my favorite!  The House Bloody Mary was a steal for only $4 and was packed with a forest of celery, pickles, and olives, and well-seasoned rim.Food was reasonably priced, good for bar food, and VERY large portions. I had the Artichoke Dip, which could feed around 25-30 and the French Dip.  My only complaint was the roast beef was very uniquely dry. I've had a ton of French Dips....but the meat on this one was quite strange.  Seems like a great casual bar to grab some beers and watch a game. They also sell their handcrafted beer to go.
5	Great beer, great atmosphere.  The food is good with a variety of choices.  Try the soft pretzel & a hop knot.  Great place for watching sports too.
5	Great to see them on yelp!  this review is easy for me....no long winded review needed.2 things:Kilt-lifter 8th street ale chicken stripsI hear their nachos are pretty good as well.
5	I've been in and out of town intermittently for the past four years, but one thing I never fail to hit up while in town is Four Peaks. I have been here numerous times and this was, actually, the place I came on my 21st!There are two amazing things about Four Peaks: the food and the drink, and what more can you ask for? Four Peaks makes all its beers/ales in-house and the quality can prove it. Their beers like the 8th Street Ale and Kiltlifter are among my favorites; My house is never out of stock of either. Had Four Peaks not been a brewery, however, the restaurant would still be worth a visit. Things like their French fries and chicken strips are amazing, as well as their burgers. I have not been adventurous enough to try anything beyond that, however, given the quality of their other food, I would not doubt it. Four Peaks is a place that is amazing for both its food and drink. I would highly recommend it and would not recommend missing it.
5	I stopped by at 7 AM on St Patty's Day.  Got my free t-shirt, a Kiltlifter and corned beef hash.  A great start to a great day!
2	so i moved into a place across the street for the tempe location of 4 peaks before it had concrete laid outside...before it had a liquor license, and before it had a food menu.  so my history with what is available and what's good...what's come and gone is long and  detailed.  i have not written a review of the tempe location because i know it's quality is beyond words.... that being said, i met some friends for breakfast last sunday @ the scottsdale location.  while the food was good it was not great and we noticed the potatoes that are being served are the frozen bag precut variety....and that was a bummer.  the eggs benedict was awesome but the potatoes were lacking with the same home fries quality that i'd come to know and expect.  our order was slow to be taken, and slow to come out,  not too bad because friends and i were there to catch up and what not.  overall i didnt have a bad experience and none of my friends did either just different... and somehow less than the tempe location is known to offer.  plus the lack of the good home fires was a disappointment
4	This is a great bar/grill to come after work or hang on the weekends. This location is close to so much shopping that its nice to take a break and grab a cold beer here and relax on the patio. The food is top notch for bar food. I love the batter they use for their fries and fish. The bread also has their unique touch which I love. I recently tried their veggie/garden burger which had roasted red peppers and and mushrooms.. very tasty!
5	Went to this Brewpub in AZ a couple of weeks ago and it was fantastic. So good that we went back the next day. We had the appetizer chicken rolls both times and they were to die for. Hubby loved the beer! Next time we are in Scottsdale, we'll be going back.
3	Am I trying to relive the past? Is that why I keep coming here? Well, the cask conditioned beer is one of the big reasons. Despite all else that I am about to say...the beer rocks!!!!I have been enjoying Four Peaks for at least 8 years. It was about 2 years ago that I started noticing changes; changes in staff, changes in food quality and changes in managements attentiveness to the customers. These changes obviously have not been for the better. After visiting here this past weekend my wife and I actually started talking about this very question, "Why do we still come here?" it was a short list of potential answers;1. Cask Conditioned Beer2. It's comfortable, despite mediocre service.3. Periodically we get lucky enough to have one particular server that is great. Her name is either Ferris or Harris? If she is serving we are happy. That is a pretty short list for someone that has been coming here for years. We used  to frequent here because;1. The food was good2. Service was great.3. Waitresses were hot4. Managers gave a s'@&5. Staff were friendly.6. Great atmosphereFinal decision, it's time to find a new place.
4	Five star beer and four star food.  The uniqueness of a great brewery is overshadowed by a bar feel.  Some people come here and drink Miller and Corona beer from a bottle.  The Tempe location is better but a further distance for me.
4	What a great place to finish a day. Though parking van be challenging, it's a nice warehouse converted to a brewery with some of the tastiest fermented beverages on tap. One of my favorite places I liked to go in my past was Pyramid in Berkeley, CA. The open area makes for a comfortable place you can come to relax. The food was great and happy hour makes it a steal. Try their beers on tap and you won't feel like a stranger. In fact for this weary traveler, it felt like a place close to home. Points for amazing food (battered fries), staff (friendly) and brew. Park in the back ally.
5	I could eat and drink at Four Peaks every day, and have found myself on stretches where I have....The food is consistently excellent, and the daily specials list is always interesting and offers a ton of variety.The beers are great, too!  The Oatmeal Stout makes a mighty fine car bomb, and the 8th Street Ale is a classic.On more than one occasion, I have found myself in Four Peaks for Sunday brunch to soak up the very same hangover that they caused!  You can't ask for much more.Service is always good, and a great atmosphere.  I can't say enough good things!
5	Went here last night for a friend's birthday party - were we blown away!We were part of a large party upstairs. My wife and I had the Ace Pear Pint beer. I don't usually like beer, but this was particularly tasty. We also ordered the freshest Bavarian Pretzel you ever ate, which came with a spicy mustard that tantalized the tongue.Lastly we had the ice cream cake. "Fuh-getta 'bout it" - amazing!!! We live in Chandler so it's a bummer we don't have one (but we do that SanTan Brewery, which is under same ownership and also quite good), so next time we'll probably hit the Tempe location.Awesome job guys - I'll be spreading the word about you
1	I've given Four Peaks 4 stars in a previous review, but I'm taking it back.  I went in two days ago to fill a growler and they turned me away because my growler was from Great Divide Brewery in Denver.  I have two growlers from Four Peaks at home but a Great Divide in my trunk.  In all my travels most every brewery will fill a growler regardless of its origin.  Some brewers actually like to see growlers from other brewers.  It promotes beer and conversation.  I guess Four Peaks wants to be exclusive like Anheiser Busch.  See how that works out for them.  SNOBS!Your policy sucks Four Peaks, and the other patrons watching this had dropped their jaws.  I was embarrassed but you should be more for turning me, a regular, who spends hundreds a month away because of the paint on a growler.  You should also know that I take your growler into Chama Brewery in Albuquerque, Great Divide and Breckinridge in Denver, any Rock Bottom, and Avery and New Belgium in Fort Collins, CO.  The only other Micro brewery to turn me away with a different growler was San Tan Brewery in Chandler, AZ.  And San Tan's master brewer formerly is from Four Peaks.  Go Figure!  Any Phoenix/Scottsdale residents looking to fill a growler, go to Papago brewery.  They don't discriminate.
4	They have consistently good quality food at Four Peaks. I prefer the patio at the Tempe location (by far), but this will definitely work for a beer and a solid lunch any day. I wouldn't suggest come here to drink, this location is really more of a restaurant. Though they do have several of their own brews that I can vouch for.
4	Tasty brews, consistently good food and decent service has recently made this dim, saloon style establishment a new haunt. The happy hour is a steal! Craft beers for $3.25 and pitchers for $12. Typically there are nine brews on tap and several seasonals to provide a nice range.  A pitcher of Kilt Lifter is a staple for my table, but I also have enjoyed the rotating tap. The current seasonal, ML209, is light for summer yet at 8.7% alcohol gives me the kick I enjoy. I love IPA's but it's the only brew that has disappointed.  Food portions are huge and recommended for sharing. The spinach dip with tortilla chips and pita is a must in addition to the 7 barrel fries and 5 layer nachos. Skip the hummus, bleh! I've heard the Bavarian pretzels are good and the pizzas looks great too! The bloody mary is a meal in itself with a plethora of garnishes. Spicy, great for some hair-of-the-dog on Sunday and only $5! I enjoy the inside yet outside feel of the Tempe location, but the openness of the Scottsdale location is great as well in addition to a shady patio. I'm waiting to receive a growler as a gift to enjoy Four Peaks ales at all times!
5	The food and beer are delicious at this restaurant in north Scottsdale. It's a great Father's Day outing!
4	Great beer and food!
4	Happened upon Four Peaks when we drove up to the restaurant we wanted to go to and there wasn't a car in the parking lot! My hubs and I thought it was just the temps in Scottsdale, and everyone headed out of town for the weekend. However, when we walked into Four Peaks, it blew our assumption out of the water. The place was packed and the only seat left was in the bar, which was OK since we were only there for appetizers and beer. We ended up ordering 1 entree as an appetizer, the fish and chips. The were quite good! Nicely cooked, not overly greasy and very crunchy.  Hubs got a dark and I got a light. We were very pleased with the beer and will be looking for a 6-pack in the stores.I'm looking forward to heading back to Scottsdale to hang out here a bit longer and try some of their great looking menu!
5	One of our favorite spots.  Four Peaks consistently delivers superior food and drink with outstanding service.  Love all the handcrafted beers, which is to be expected from a brewpub.  But two things really distinguish Four Peaks -  food and service.  The food is inventive, tasty, and consistently excellent.  Also love the daily food specials.  The people are incredibly friendly, helpful, and service is stellar.  You will not be disappointed.
1	Entered the restaurant and hostess went to seat us on hightop in bar, before we could say anything she dropped menus with back to us and walked away. We grabbed the table next to it with our menus and waited for someone to approach us. Hostess back at the front with 4 servers all talking and no one paying attention to us. We waited as several servers went past us and no acknowledgement. This is poor because there were several servers on the floor really doing nothing. The oldest on staff must have been 22. We left and as we walked out I explained to the hostess and server at the door why we were leaving. The response was, "we must not have heard you". Man oh Man! Never will go back or ever give them a second chance.
4	I've passed this place several times and it's always jam packed and difficult to find parking, so I when I saw that it wasn't too busy one night, I stopped by.  After browsing the menu, I decided to get a Popper Burger (Sauteed Jalapenos, Onion Straws, Cream Cheese, $9.50) and to wash it down a Four Peaks IPA.The Burger didn't disappoint, it was very good!  The combination of Jalapenos & Cream Cheese made this Burger unique and tasty.....with a little *kick*, just how I like it.  The Four Peaks IPA was a perfect match for it as well....yum!I sat at the bar and the bartender/server was very friendly and helpful.  Can't wait to come back.Return Factor - 97%
5	This is our go to restaurant and hardly a week goes by that I don't crave their food! An upscale sports bar with better than sports bar food. We tried the Tempe location one time and I kinda felt like I was slumming. I love the Scottsdale location and their wonderful staff. I always look forward to seeing their daily specials because their chef knows food! Great pizza, salmon blt, spinach salad, chicken salad pita and I always begin with the edamame. Yum!
5	Four Peaks is probably known best for their beer, but you can't pass up the food.  I hadn't been here in a long while so I dropped by for lunch today and can't stop thinking it.     Looked over the regular menu and then landed on the Daily Specials.  The grilled salmon pita caught my eye - feta cheese, marinated grape tomatoes, lettuce and some delightful seasonings.  Wow - down to the last bite, it was truly extraordinary!  Accompanied by choice of fries, tossed salad, pasta salad or maybe something else (?) for $11.  I picked the tossed salad and was impressed with the variety there too - chopped green peppers, sliced mushrooms, tomatoes, not your ordinary out-of- the-bag effort.  Bleu cheese dressing on the side was just right.Even at lunchtime, this place is busy.  By the time we were done it was clearing out around 1:30.  Service was fast and efficient, food came in no time, drinks were always filled.  What else could you ask for at a mid-week lunch?My only small regret is the grilled salmon pita is not on the regular menu.  This one is a treasure that I hope management will consider adding.  I WILL be back!
4	We went to Four Peaks for a late dinner with friends. We are all big fans of their brews so that was the main appeal. They didn't have a ton of vegetarian options but my husband and I split the portabella veggie beer bread. I wasn't super impressed but again, we were primarily there for the beer. Nothing goes down like a peach ale on a hot Arizona night :)
5	We used to live right by the Tempe location and were spoiled by our proximity to great food and beer.  Now that we live out of state, Four Peaks is but a happy dream.....until this past weekend, when we found ourselves back in the PHX for work reasons.  Got a great deal on a hotel near the Scottsdale 4Peaks and dropped by to indulge ourselves for old times' sake.  The food and service are consistently good and the atmosphere is always fun.  Our dinner that night consisted of the Hopknot IPA ($4.50 I think), soup and sandwich combo (Santa Fe chicken soup and roast beef sandwich, $7) and Garden burger ($9).  All were fabulous.  The soup was nice and spicy and the burger was delightfully moist and juicy, just like a "real" burger.  :)  We raise a glass to ya, Four Peaks.  Cheers!
5	I love Four Peaks.The Grill in North Scottsdale is much closer to my house than the Tempe Brewery and it is air conditioned. It's the best place to go in the summer to get your Kilt Lifter.
5	Best restaurant / best pub food I've had in the greater Phoenix area.  I got the salmon BLT sandwich and it blew me away.  The bread is really what set it apart from your ordinary sandwich.  I wish they had a Four Peaks in Manhattan.  I would be a regular... I will go back every time I'm in Phoenix fo' sho'.
4	My coworkers and I always have a great time here. We just went out yesterday for lunch and the service was very good. I had a grilled chicken salad, which was okay. My coworkers all loved their food, which all looked much better than my salad! The guy next to me got the Southwest burger and he said he's gotten that before, as well as the fish and chips and beer battered chicken strips, and everything has been wonderful. The fries were thick-cut and looked amazing. I normally get the peach ale when I go but since it was lunchtime, I held off. BUT, I definitely plan on trying the Stoutamisu next time I go! That's right...stout in a tiramisu. Genious!!Something funny...my husband just told me that my work needs to plan a happy hour there soon so that he can go! Like we can't just go on our own?!?! Ha!
5	A packed restaurant in the middle of the afternoon, now I know why. they have great food, good prices and beer that doesn't give you a headache. The wait staff was very nice, attentive, young girls with new breast enhancement (why don't they wait until they're older and have a few kids first? If you young ladies are reading and want to know the reality... You have to pay $10 grand to have them redone in 7-10 years and they take the breast tissue that adheres to the implant with it.) You cant see the kitchen, I tried to peak around the corner to see how clean the floor was and the kitchen looked small so I hope it was clean. (didn't see them on dirty dining.) Fish and chips is great, calamari is as good as a coastal restaurant, and the black bean and SWestern rolls were very well made with a nice light dipping sauce. Out running errands, stop in for the food and beer.
5	The game was on.  The atmosphere was loud and jovial.  The calamari was great!  Nice chop salad, bbq chicken pizza, and great beer.  I'll be back.
4	Southwestern burger with cheese, green chile and chipolte mayo was the best burger I have had in a long time.  Washed it all down with a peach ale.  Definitely will return.   The drink order was taken promptly but then the waitress poofed for a what seemed a really long time.  We were in no particularly hurry on a Saturday but would have been a problem if it had been a work day.  Fix that problem and it would have been a five star lunch.
2	I might be harsh on this place, but I fully enjoy the Kiltlifer they make here.  The problem with the restaurant, is the price.  I've been here for lunch a few times and struggle to find anything worth eating that's less than $12.  To me that's too much to pay for lunch in a place like this.  The food is good, but not $12 good.  You're better off coming here to drink and watch the scenery than eat.
4	One our favorite local places to go. Mainly for the Pumpkin Porter. ( sure wish it wasn't seasonal) Also $3 you-call-its after 10pm . Good patio for a daytime drink. All of the food I have tried is pretty delicious, especially the spinach dip. Yum!Locals represent!
4	My boyfriend & I went to Four Peaks to watch some football (unfortunately our teams are not local and aren't shown on normal channels). Four Peaks has a decent number of TV's, a good amount of seating, good beer of course, and a large menu with enough variety for everyone. The place was packed with people who were there to just eat lunch, which is a good sign for a brewpub. The service was okay...our waitress seemed pretty dumb as in it took 30 minutes and 3 reminders to get a cup of coffee and then for the next 3 hours she stopped by every 5ish minutes to ask if we were doing okay while we were talking to each other or staring intently at our game (too often of an interruption...it was annoying). We ate: - Nachos: Whoa I've never gotten nachos from a bar with so much cheese! They definitely don't skip - there had to be 1/4 inch of cheese covering each chip (yum). I didn't really like that the nacho toppings were served separately on the side which meant a lot of dipping & paying attention to the food instead of the game. - Garden burger: I love that they have real veggie burgers but mine was very soggy & undercooked. The bun it came on was amazing, super thick and bready and delicious. The creamy sauce, cheese, & toppings were heavy but perfect for drinking food. - French Dip Sandwich: My boyfriend got this and thought it was fine but nothing too special. - Beer Battered Fries: Yum. I was hoping they would a little more battered & thick, but instead it was a very light crunchiness on the outside of the fry. Still a very grubbing snack. I'm sure we'll be going back to Four Peaks for more football games. It also would be a good place to bring a visiting friend from out of town so they can sample some good local beer.
3	I enjoyed the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread during my last visit. Grilled chunks of chicken heaven with sauteed onions and peppers with a great creamy cucumber sauce wrapped in beer bread (sans mushrooms). The service was good. But unfortunately there is no Happy Hour for FOOD, just HH for drinks. This is about the only pub in the general area that I found that doesn't have Happy Hour for food.Note to Management, although your website is kinda cool, it loads really slow with the T1 line I was using. Took forever to see what was on the menu.
2	So I continue to find that my wife and I continue to give this place more chances and they continue to dissappoint us. When we placed our order we were very clear with the waitress that they continually over cook our burgers and we detailed how we like them prepared. Guess what........they were both overcooked. Guess what.........they charged us full proce and didn't even offer an appology.
2	A Friday night; 1st visit; as we were told, place was packed and loud. Okay, we're prepared for it: yelling to be heard sucks, but we were forewarned. Also told that the place was "typical bar food".  Hmmmmm.PROS: we were seated relatively quickly;  pretty decent beer; server was friendly and took satisfactory care of our table of 8; entire staff seemed like an organized, hard working teamCONS: the food. I understand bar food is not haute cuisine, but 4 Peaks was just blah. Pizza undercooked--literally, dough was still moist in parts. Worse? You could tell just by looking at the pizza it needed 5 more minutes in the oven--why even serve it? Next issue: change the fry oil! Over half our table got something of the fried variety (I really hate bar food). In every case, the fried food had that really dark brown quality, indicating the fryer oil should have been changed after the lunch rush earlier that day! After I sent the pizza back and waived off the offer for a new one or another meal selection, I accepted a chicken strip from a table mate. It tasted as gross as it looked. I understand why some folks like places like 4 Peaks, but I have yet to find a brew pub anywhere in which I've said, "I have to return here soon!" True, the beer was okay (I was drinking one of their IPAs), and I appreciated the hard working staff (BTW, server and manager came to table to apologize for the pizza I sent back AND comped us a pitcher of beer). I accepted the noise and the need to nearly yell to communicate, but I didn't like it.  But at the end of the day, the real issue was the quality of the food--poor to marginal.  I won't return.Cheers!RS
4	I've never had bad food from Four Peaks. The very best thing though... the spinach dip. If it were legal, I would marry it. It's crazy delicious. The only bummer is, I've never been impressed by the staff. They're awfully haughty for people slinging beer and burgers.
4	Best brewery food in the valley- pumpkin porter is awesome- good consistent food- lots of tvs for watching sports!
3	My wife and I stopped by last weekend to watch football and sample a couple of their brews.  The food was great could be some of the best french fries I've ever had.  The beer was good.  Noticed almost everyone drinking the house beers so it was nice to see that kind of support for an established micro brew.  There was a large crowd for football many folks wearing jerseys and everyone really getting into their game.  If your looking for an energetic place to watch football and grab a good bite this would be a place to consider.UPDATED 04/05/2012 lowered to 3 stars.I have been here a couple times since my first review and it really is just an average place.  The fries are the highlight.  The place is small, loud and well your AVERAGE pub or brewery.
5	Great place to hang out and have some excellent beers. Kiltlifter is the best. Waitstaff is amazing and very attentive. Your glass is never empty for long. My girlfriend and I have been going regularly since we moved to Arizona. definitely our favorite spot so far.
5	Food:Compared to most pub grub, this place is fantastic! Most items are easily vegetarian-ized without any attitude.  Since I've been a regular in 2004, the menu has changed very little if at all (I haven't noticed anything chagned, but then again I'm not exactly perusing the hamburger/beef section of the menu).  Though the menu is pretty static, they do have some fantastic daily specials for lunch and dinner that aren't always prominent, so you might have to ask specifically to see that menu.Beer:Obviously this is why you came here -- cue personal mental battle between Peach Ale and Hefewiezen (usually Peach wins).  For those who drink "real" beer, the 8th Street Ale or KiltLifter may be more to your liking.Setting:Loud. TVs galore.  It's a bar after all... They have a great (smaller) patio and part of the dining room opens to the patio.Staff:Your typical hot girl set.  No haughtiness or lack of service whether I'm part of a large group or flying solo at the bar with other regulars.  Parking:The section of parking lot right in front is ALWAYS full, so really, don't even bother trying.  The larger lot adjacent always has plenty of spots.Common sense warning:This place is popular and the cops know it.  I've been stalked in the parking lot and one time even followed for a few miles before being pulled over for "driving at or below the speed limit".  I didn't get a DUI because I only had a few beers and waiting awhile before leaving, but be careful and be SMART! :)
3	Descent pizza, wings, and surprisingly good nachos. Great place for an AZ rugby referee social after a rainy tournament. The waitress was great about keeping track of group to individual tabs and it was able to seat a group of ~15 of us all at the same table and it was nice to be able to hear everyone. Laid back good time around dinner but coming out of the restroom on my way out I was greeted with a giant inflatable male body part sending me the vibe it might be a little different at night!
3	Stopped in here for a quick lunch on the way to an event at West World. The food and service were good, but not excellent. My friends and I each ordered a sandwich and some hummus to start. The thai hummus was pretty good and pretty spicy. I had the Southwest Burger which also had a good kick. The burger was pretty tasty. Everyone seems to rave about the beer, but maybe not the next visit when we don't have to return to work in the afternoon.
3	My husband was in the mood for Pumpkin Porter, so we opted to have dinner at Four Peaks.  I'm not a beer drinker, so I can only comment on the food.  It was okay, but nothing to entice me back anytime soon.We started with the Arizona Chicken Rolls..an egg roll of sorts with chicken, cheese, and chiles.  If your philosophy is "the cheesier the better," these are for you.  For me it was like eating a cheese egg roll.  We also shared the chicken strips and the fish & chips.  My first thought with the chicken strips was that they had used nasty cooking oil.  My husband pointed out it was the beer batter (8th Street Ale).  Whatever it was, I didn't care for it at all, and neither did he.  The fish was okay, although it's served in smaller pieces rather than large filets.So 2 stars for the food and 4 for the beer judging by the fact we had to take a growler home with us.
3	Good Brews, nice ambiance, good food, but Kitchen Staff needs a tune-up as the Burrito Special came out barely warmthe same as the side of rice.  Had to be sent back to get food to serving temperature.  Will be back.
4	Just got into town and was drinking the Knot Hop at the Postino Wine Bar and my boyfriend I decided me need to find this brewery in Phoenix.  From where we were staying it a little bit down the rail line but once we got there it was worth it!  Great Brew!  We didn't eat there but I can't imagine the food being bad if the beer was great!
5	This is our absolute favorite restaurant in the valley. We started going to the Tempe Four Peaks location when we were at ASU, but have since moved up north. Luckily, they have another restaurant by us! The location is a bit odd (essentially behind Party City, in a strip mall) but the food and beer is amazing.Our favorites are: the popper burger, Italian beer bread (wrap), beer battered fries, buffalo wings, peach ale and kiltlifter. I'm sure there are MANY great options, but we've been stuck on the same order for a while because it's so good! I would like to try the french dip because every time I see someone order it, I get pretty jealous. The portions are huge (I always get a second meal out of mine) and the prices are fair. Overall it's just an awesome place and I would recommend it 100%.
4	I am not a beer drinker, so this is not rating the beer, but the food and atmosphere.1) Atmosphere: sweet - great patio and nice bar scene inside2) Food - pretty good for bar food3) Hit it up if you are in Tempe, its just one of those places you need to go
5	Love this place.  Great beer, fun atmosphere, and good food as well.  They have a good menu with some interesting items that you don't find just anywhere.  My favorite appetizer is the spanakopita... yum!You can't go wrong with a brewery with good beer that serves good food as well.  Their Kilt Lifter is by far the best I've tried, and they serve up some good seasonals as well.  Looking forward to visiting this place again and again!  Great place to watch the game.
5	Easily one of my favorite places in the Phoenix area to eat and drink. I've had a variety of their sandwiches and every one of them has been excellent. The Arizona chicken rolls are an appetizer that can't be missed. They have a wide variety of beers brewed in house so they are always fresh. The atmosphere is welcoming and energetic. This is a great place to catch a sporting event or bring larger groups. The venue usually plays host to a college town crowd and is usually busy but never overwhelming. Service is usually very good. If friends are visiting from out of town, this is where we will go every time. Four Peaks is a Phoenix area staple as far as I am concerned.
4	This is an awesome spot and honestly a go-to for me and most of my friends. The beer is always solid (ask for the Bourbon-Barrel-Aged Kiltlifter, never advertised, offered rarely, but incredibly worth it) and the food is a cut above typical bar food. For real, apples to oranges kind of comparison. Only downfalls, parking can be a problem and the place is hopping almost any day of the week so if you've got a group of 4 or more it can be tricky getting a spot together right away. Staff is decent too. They usually have the menu and beers down like pro's but with a busy spot like this if you're in a rush and need constant attention this might not be the place for you.
5	I actually prefer this location to the one in Tempe. Okay, so I'm a little biased because it's closer to my house, but proximity aside, the place has a great vibe and the service here is top-notch. This location is in the Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101 parking lot and it faces Hayden. Parking can be a bitch here.Do yourself a favor and order the fish and chips. The icelandic cod is battered in their Kilt Lifter and the fries are perfectly crispy. I have yet to finish a whole order of this monster, so definitely a split-able item. Happy hour runs 3-7 pm and 10-close. $1 off pints, which brings the cost to $3.25.  $12 for a pitcher. The Kilt Lifter Scottish Ale and Oatmeal Stout are my current favorites. No happy hour deals for seasonal beers, but don't let that steer you away from the delicious Pumpkin Porter (only offered in the fall).
5	OMG, OMG, OMG!  I'd go back to Arizona just to eat and drink here!  My boyfriend and I are from IL and we looked for brew pubs to try while visiting my family in Arizona.  We researched about 12 different places within 100 miles of Arizona City where my family lives and decided we were going to try Four Peaks, and they did NOT disappoint!  We spent the earlier part of the day at the Phoenix Zoo and were closer to the Tempe location which we went to first.  Saw that it seemed to be mostly college kids and uber busy, so we decided to drive over to the Scottsdale location to dine there.Our server was Tanzie (I think) and he was great.  He recommended beers we both really enjoyed and my boyfriend (a beer affectionado) was really impressed with just about every beer in the 8-beer flight.  The oatmeal stout is AWESOME by the way, and I really enjoyed my Sunbru.EVERYTHING we had to eat was so INCREDIBLE!  We started with soft pretzels and spicy mustard- yum!  A great pallet cleanser too if you're getting the beer flight.  I had the best French Dip sandwich I've ever had, and my boyfriend thought the Fish n Chips were amazing.  We finished off with the Stoutamisu (Tiramisu made with the oatmeal stout) and were absolutely BLOWN AWAY!This is a MUST DO if you're in the Phoenix area, and be sure to go to this location!  P.S.Can you please open one of these in Chicago?!  :)
4	First of all, the food is AMAZING here! Nice selection of beer, duh! The only think I can complain about is my server last time took a while to warm up to us. It was weird.
4	Beer.  Beer.  Beer.That pretty much seems to be the highlight of this place.I'm not even a beer drinker so can't review the quality of their brews but apparently the Oatmeal Stout was good and a deal at $3.25/16oz during happy hour.I can vouch for the food though.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich (with goats cheese and veggies on multigrain bread) with side salad for $10.   It was one of the featured Sunday specials.  The chicken was cooked well but coated with a heavy layer of peppery seasoning.  I personally enjoyed it but imagine it would probably be a little extreme for most.   The small 12" medium crust BBQ chicken pizza was also good ($14.50) and huge enough to share.  Both our meals involved simple ingredients but the quality was above average compared to your typical pub fare.Wish they had a few more wine options for us non-beer drinkers but then again I wouldn't want to hear a beer drinker say that at a wine bar, so I won't judge.Very casual atmosphere made up of everyone from college kids to young families on the early Sunday evening we were there.  We drove by here on Friday night when it looked much livelier and their outdoor patio was packed.  Decent service and overall good place, especially for all you beer drinkers out there!
4	My girlfriend and I were in Arizona for a wedding and found ourselves in Scottsdale to kill time before our flight. We remembered having four peaks kiltlifter the night before so we went here to check out their other brews. Their menu was more inventive than your standard sports grill, we had a BBQ salmon wrap, and the beer was pretty good! We loved the sunbru and 8th street pale ale. The service was also excellent and our waiter had awesome sneakers.  If we ever come back to Scottsdale we will definitely have some more four peaks.
3	First off, I have to say that I'm not a beer drinker. Hubby ordered the sampler (a small glass of each of their brews) and I didn't like any of them, even the peach ale. He liked most of them thought, so I guess the brews are pretty good.The food was good, but a bit bland. Again, hubby had the best meal of the night with their fish and chips and fries. The fish and chips was some of the best I've ever had- fresh, crispy, and perfectly cooked. I had the Mediterranean pizza and it was good, but needed salt. The chicken was a bit overcooked, but that's hard to avoid when you cut it so small and thin. The pizza's crust had a great flavor and was crispy without being dry. Our friend ordered the shrimp carbonara and it was seriously under-salted and under-seasoned. I don't think she was impressed with the parmesan bread that came with it either.Main complaint of the night (other than some of the food being bland) was that the service was a bit slow and inattentive. My food (the pizza) came out first even though on the menu it said to expect to wait longer for a pizza. The waitress went back several times before she came out with hubby's fish and chips. It also took a while for the waitress to check on us, bring the check, etc. Granted, it was a Friday night but it wasn't like the place was packed out the door. Oh, and this place was LOUD.
3	A OK.  I have been here atleast a dozen times.  Beer is always great.  Food is pretty good, although the salmon BLT was super dry last visit.  Going there with a large party, 9, with out of town family proved to be very bad.  Told us 20 minutes to wait and ended up being over an hour.  Some of the party went home because it took so long which was embarassing to me as I wanted them to have a good dinner.  Next time I will come with a small party.  If there is a next time.  Bummer.
3	Decent food, loud atmosphere (but its a Brewery so expected), slow service. All in all OK, but not stunning.I ordered the Shrimp Carbonara, it was meh at best. Not enough salt and I expected at least some seasoning. I didn't even bother trying the bread that came with it, my husband did and was not impressed. We also had the beer sampler, this was good. Kilt Lifter by far is one of my favorites here. The Peach Ale was good too.Now lets discuss Service:We had to ask 2 separate people to get a high chair, and drink refills were like pulling teeth. I really had high hopes for this location as the one in Tempe was great the last time I was there.Sincerely disappointing and the atmosphere is not relaxing.
4	Food was good although I found a food tie in my chicken enchiladas...they did comp. Drinks were nice and strong.
2	Since moving to Mesa, AZ two years ago, and loving micro brewed beer as we do, we were anxious to try Four Peaks Brewery for the food fare.  We'd already tried many of their beers available in stores, Kilt Lifter being a favorite.So while we were in Scottsdale on an errand, we decided to (finally) experience Four Peaks, and dropped in for a late lunch/early dinner on a Saturday afternoon.  Okay, yes...  the place is loud.  Right off, a turn off.  But everyone was friendly and helpful UNTIL it came to dealing with a table of three obnoxiously loud, profane, and alcohol/testosterone driven men.  One of them was actually yelling.  Unpleasant for all the others seated near or adjacent to these clueless & rude individuals, some families with children were at two different tables as well.We asked management to do something about it, because we couldn't even hear our own conversation.  The manager told us the men at the table in question had paid up and should be moving on soon, but if they didn't, it would be handled and the men would be asked to leave.  No such luck.  After suffering these fools for over an hour, we suffered yet another fool.  The manager.  He apologized to us, but said he "didn't feel comfortable" asking the men to move on, or just to simply hold it down.A ruined meal and a horrible dining experience, not simply because of these loud and lewd men, but because of a spineless manager who demonstrated he cared more about them than he cared for his other patrons, or was afraid of any potential conflict.  Really?Next time we want this kind of experience, we'll stay home, grill burgers, lift a Santan, and rent "Jackass, the Movie."Needless to say, we will not be back.
3	7/15/12Wow, this location is SMALL!  My first taste of Four Peaks was at the cavernous Tempe location, which I found to be too large, too loud, and too busy for my taste (plus there's not enough parking spaces!).  This one in Scottsdale is more to my liking.  Intimate and not too dark inside (outside, however, I couldn't tell if there was patio seating since it was so dark), open sight lines from most points in the restaurant, the women's restroom looked and smelled clean, AND parking isn't a problem.Came in to order a pint of peach ale, knowing that I can't buy it at stores.*  I inquired about the possibility of taking some home and was told that I may purchase a growler.**  A pint costs around $4, but during happy hours costs $3.25 (pitchers $14/$12).  Reverse happy hour starts at 10p.  Please note that their register's clock runs slow, so you may have to wait a few minutes longer before you can start getting happy.***FYI, if you've misplaced your driver license, you may use a passport to get past the I.D. checker at the door.*Whole Foods sells growlers now, and most keep peach ale on stock.**Growlers are pressurized receptacles that hold 64 oz. of whatever beverage you want to take with you.  A new growler costs $14 and can be refilled for $10.  It is recommended that people finish the 64 oz. within 24 hours of opening, but I was told that the beverage will stay fresh for longer than that.  BTW, peach ale is offered for takeout AND isn't a seasonal variety like I thought it was.  FYI, I didn't enjoy the ale here as much, since it wasn't ice-cold, like the one I had at Tempe's Lucky Break.  I'll have to remember to ask for a frosted glass, if it's available.***Drink because you are happy, but never because you are miserable.- G.K. Chesterton, Heretics.
1	I just got back from from lunch at the Scottsdale location. My girlfriend and I have had questionable service there before, and had previously said that we were not going to again visit the establishment. But today, all I wanted was to have a sunbru, relax and eat. The hostess sat us down, which to me, it seemed like we were inconveniencing her conversation with the bus boy. Then, it seriously took the server 5 minutes to come to our table and ask us what we wanted to drink. I had to ask her to bring us glasses of water. I wanted to walk out, but my girl insisted we stay now that we were there. The server was attentive and pleasant, and I began to relax. Then i noticed the hostess, walk behind the bar with her pepsi cup, grab a bottle of whiskey, and continue to pour herself a drink. This seriously fired me up. It seems I have more pride in the brand than she does. I have been a patron of Four Peaks since I moved to AZ 11 years ago. I've had parties at the Tempe location, friends of mine have had baby showers there, and it bums me out to see how drastically things have changed. I support LOCAL as much as possible, but today's episode only serves me to explore my other options..I'll be heading to Chandler to check out SAN TAN Brewery or I will go Nimbus Bistro..bums me out!
5	Consistently great food, beer, and service. Definitely give the popper burger a shot if you're looking for something interesting and with a kick, also goes great with the beers.
3	I have to say that I prefer the Tempe location much more. But seeing as it's hell on Earth outside (literally) I was taking no chances with parking or seating so I chose to come here. The atmosphere has a fun sports bar feel and the service is pleasant enough.My beer batter chicken strips were tasty but it was the garlic cheese beer bread that was the best part of my meal. There must be crack in the marinara because it was damn good.I don't know if I'd make it a habit of visiting this location but there are a lot worse places I could have ended up.
3	This is for the Scottsdale location only.  I find this location awkwardly placed in the busy strip mall of Hayden & FLW.  Essentially parking is really hard to find during peak times, the staff tends to be over worked, and all for some over priced bar food.If you're going here purely for the meal itself, I'd say pass.  If it's a night out sampling IPAs or other tap beers, it's simply ok.  There's a lively mixed crowd typical of Scottsdale where everyone fits in.
3	Parking: Unlike Tempe, you won't have to walk a half-mile even after you park where you risk being towed.  But don't expect to park in front.Food:  The spanakopita I had was unexpectedly tasty.  Still, it's not a place for food you'll remember to come back for.Service: Good and friendly, no complaints.Beers:  I really like the peach ale.  It's refreshing without being cloyingly sweet.  I read an article in New Times about their Bourbon Barrel Rye Wine...its really called wine but it's a beer.  9.1% alcohol so they serve it in a snifter rather than a pint.  I know high alcohol beers are served in a snifter but still mistook the online picture as a glass of red wine...so much for my discerning eye.  I call shenanigans!Seating: The patio doesn't compare to the Tempe location but the place isn't small.  There's an upstairs dining area too.  I'm not keen on the lack of cushions on the booth benches though.
5	This place has great food, service, and atmosphere.  I have been here numerous times over the years, and I have always had a good time.  It is a great place to watch football on Sundays.  Last time I was in, I had a pork dish that the bartender recommended.  It was amazing.  The staff are all very good looking, and they have Golden Tee.  The beer is good too.
5	Simply put its all about service and conversation when you're at a brewery.  I go here often for lunch and have a mix of bartenders between Jessie and Nicole.  Both gals are amazing and super friendly which is great for deciding whether its a luncheon or a dinner ordeal.  I also really admire the GM Marie for making the rounds and honstely didn't know she was the lead because she assimilates seamlessy into the normal operations until there is an issue that needs to be addressed.  The unsong heros are definately the bus boys because they are always on the watch for items that need to be taken away.  I go to both locations often but chose this one to review because I actually go here with the intent to eat and not just drink.  The Tempe location is more hipster and smoker oriented but its a place that you go with a group of peeps looking to fuel up on pitchers so I don't really scrutinize the service or atmosphere as often.  Service is always good and the staff are spot on.  If you live or up in the North Scottsdale area and are looking for either a casual business lunch or a casual evening 4 Peaks all the way.  The food specials are good and you can never go wrong with fresh brew...my favs are Oatmeal Stout, Peach Ale and the Pumpkin porter when its in!!!
4	Great!!! Simply great!!!  I still love the TEMPE location WAY more!!!
3	I've been here a few times.  A couple times when they first opened and just the other day.  Was looking for a good burger.  I had their summer ale.  Light and refreshing but had more flavor than the Kolsch they offered.  Happy hour so $3.25 for a pint. Mmmm.... also ordered the bavarian pretzels... around $6.00.  Was hoping to have some homemade style pretzels, but alas, they did the big no-no and served SUPER PRETZEL, sigh.  Why Four Peaks, why?  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE-LOVE-LOVE superpretzels, but just expected more from a place that handcrafts their own beer.  With that being said, the pretzels were hot and yummy and served with a side with possibly "beaver brand" mustard...YUM.  The mustard was the best part.  If I went back, I definitely wouldn't be opposed to ordering them again.    My hubby got the cheeseburger.  Their bun looks partially like a wheat bun--- not opposed at all as it was light and had a nice glossy eggwash to the top.  Not your standard aunt hatties sesame style bun (good for you 4 peaks).  Service was good for a Sunday afternoon.  Got to try several samples and they brought them quick.  The overall experience was good.
3	North Scottsdale sports bar type atmosphere.  Great Four Peaks beers but the food is certainly subpar when compared to the main brewery in Tempe.  The advantage it has over Tempe is that it has air conditioning but beyond that Tempe is the Four Peaks to hit.
4	Four Peaks is great.  The beer is awesome and the food is very good.  Probably the best nachos, ruben, and burger in the valley (in my opinion).   The atmosphere at the original Four Peaks in Tempe is better, but the Scottsdale location is very convenient if you live in the north part of town.  My only complaint is how busy this place seems to have become in the last couple years.  I used to be able to stop in after work or on the weekends/ meet a friend for a beer and find a seat no-problem.  But lately it seems to always be packed.  No seats at the bar or the high-top tables.   And half the people at the bar are not even drinking real beer, they are drinking swill like bud-light.  They shouldn't even sell that crap.  Anyways, won't stop me from coming back.
4	Add me to the list of people that love the Tempe location... and like this Scottsdale location. The constant for both are really good burgers, fries and beer selection for reasonable prices. The downsides for this location are the (frequently full) parking and limited size (waits when crowded). If they relocated nearby to a larger location with better parking, I'd be a regular.
4	Always a good time when we go here, Love the sunbru and the tap room tenderloin. Make sure you get it with the beer bread and the beer battered fries. Yum my mouth is watering just thinking about it, Ive actually have never eatten anything i didnt like here.
4	The steak sandwich rolled up on the beer bread is awesome.  I had this based on a recommendation by my aunt and she was right.  I didn't want it to ever end.  It was also very well sized, so much so that I had some the next day as well, made great left overs. I also split a soft pretzel when I was there - highly recommended.  And of course the beer was good and very well priced.
4	LOCAL BREWERY - Never as good as Tempe location but still great!!!Went last night during Thursday Nigh Football Cards vs. Rams game - place was packed out - standing room only & hour wait. Our friends (regulars) told us the trick is to come around half time and the place starts to clear out - sure enough that was the case. Lots of big screens to enjoy the game on - and they've got the pumpkin porter rocking right now so you have to swing through if your in the area - not a huge fan of pumpkin anything but THEIR porter is delicious!Had the Fish-n-chips, which the batter is made in their Kilt Lifter brew - a favorite when drinkinng Scottish ales - 6% ABV
4	Location is very close to home.  Food and beers are amazing.  Service is is a B+ to an A-.  The location doesnt serve as cold of beer as the Tempe location, but otherwise a solid review is needed from my end. A glass of RAJ IPA or Kilt-lifter with the 8th Street Ale Chicken Strips are to die for.  Try the Rueban or nachos as well.  Sit back and look at the slide show or some of the photos posted and I bet you will find something you like. The only thing holding me back from a 5 star is that parking can be a major bummer, and that they always check ID's.
2	I LOVE Four Peaks. What I don't love is Scottsdale. Or the people who inhabit it, really. Including the servers.I've been a fan of FP for a LONG time. Great food, incredible beer, and great times. On this occasion, and it doesn't happen often, I wanted to tell the girl serving us that she should get the fuck off of her phone, stop bullshitting with the bartender, and do some fucking work. Like serving us, because she voluntarily accepted a position as a server in a bar. We got there and got seated at a high top, which we asked for. When I saw that the Pumpkin Porter was on tap, I HAD to have me summa dat! And so we waited. Annnnnnnnnndddddddd waited. And still we waited..... for a server to arrive to ask us what we would like to drink.It took us long enough to figure out what we wanted to order before the server showed up. So, she took our drink order, and started to turn around... NOT SO FAST, MY FRIEND!!!.... we placed our food order, as well. The drinks came first. Yep. And instead of a rum and Coke, we got a diet rum. YUCK. And so we waited.... And I finally said FUCK THIS SHIT!! and got up and walked my happy ass up to the bar and placed it on the bar for a new one. The bartender, in all of her preciousness, acted like it was going to be an act of Congress to replace the drink. Instead of simply replacing the drink, she went to the well, poured the drink, and left it in the window to be picked up by the server. And the server came with the drink... And the comment, "Um... Yeah... I rang it in as a Rum and Coke, and she swears she poured a rum and Coke.... Try this, and see if it's better." Listen here, server girl.. I don't give a shit who did what, or why. And I'm not looking for a Congressional inquiry, either. I just care that we get what we order in a timely, and professional fashion. When our food came, we ordered 2 Growlers of Pumpkin Porter. The server says, "Um.... Did you want me to get those NOW???? Or....??? Like, I can wait until you're ready to leave." I was thinking, we've tried this whole "waiting for you to do your job thing, and it's just not working out too well", but refrained from speaking it. The Twin Peaks rejects are beginning to infiltrate my beloved Four Peaks. Blonde, snotty, sarcastic, and snide, lots of cleavage, and dumb as a bag of hammers.... Glad I went to a horse show following the experience. They (the horses) allowed me to reconnect with intelligence.
5	This place rocks there Raj IPA is pretty amazing as well as there food one of my favorites off the menu is there Bleu cheese bacon burger this location is also a lot more laid back than the Tempe location which is a good thing.
4	Great beer & a huge menu - definitely a place you can take just about anyone to & they'll find something they like. I ordered the salmon BLT which was fabulous. Fun atmosphere, good service - we'll be back.
4	Good local beer... Interesting food which definitely not what you would expect from a beer bar, but then again, it is Scottsdale....
4	Excellent spot for beer, grub and the game.
5	Oatmeal stout and a salmon BLT, awesome!
5	We called to make Friday night reservations for a party of 16 - they said they didn't take reservations so we decided to go anyway and drink beer until we could get seated.  To our most pleasant surprise, they pulled together some tables upstairs and we were seated right away.  Our waitperson was very patient and helpful as we all tried to decide what to eat and what beer to drink.  Service was excellent!  Food was excellent!  The beer was excellent as well - thanks Four Peaks for a wonderful evening.
4	We love Four Peaks!Good beer. Pitchers are very reasonably priced during HH.Yummy food with great vegetarian choices. How nice it is to go watch a game, nosh on upgraded vegetarian bar food, and wash it down with local brew...
4	the absolute best cheese dip i have ever had....yummy yummy yummy must be their own brew that makes the difference......this is tucked away but parking was easy for me and loved all the brews i had and all the food......highly recommend....
4	The beer here is unbeatable, peach and oatmeal stout are my go-tos. The food is nothing to turn your nose up at either! Tonight we had bavarian soft pretzles and beer battered fries covered on cheese and green chilies. Both totally hit the spot. I've also jad the fish and chips before and they're awesome! This is by far my favorite bar... if I didn't live 20 ish miles away id be here all the time. The only complaint I have is with the service... the quality is hit or miss. Leaning more toward miss. But again...the beer and food is so good I get over it pretty quick.
5	I love Four Peaks. I like to try to support Local Restaurants whenever possible, and Four Peaks Brewery makes it easy!Admittedly, I'm not much of a beer drinker, but when we have out of town guests we always stock Kilt Lifter, and they are always very appreciative- so I guess it is good!Anyway, the atmosphere is very much pub and loud with games, and people drinking. The food is NOT your typical bar food. Everything seems to be made in house. I love the Garden Burger. I add Sauteed Onions and Mushrooms, a little bit of mayo and it is completely a sloppy, yummy mess. I'm obsessed. The bun is buttered and grilled. I often try not to get a side of french fries and opt for salad. The salad is always fresh and their ranch dressing is homemade and fabulous. When I do opt for the French Fries I always enjoy them. They are so perfectly fried and seasoned. They are beer battered along with much of the fried goods at Four Peaks. REALLY great fries. I also use the ranch for those ;)Other Hits Include appetizers like:Bavarian Pretzels- Mmm spicy mustard sauce!SpanakopitaGarlic Beer BreadThai Hummus- with peanut sauceAND if I didn't have a difficulty with lactose, I would finish the Spinach and Artichoke dip on my own in about 3 seconds flat.They also have a great Vegetable Beer Bread.They have a surprising amount of Vegetarian Options, and I know that carnivores go crazy for their food as well. I highly recommend Four Peaks to anyone and everyone!
3	The food was ok, nothing great and nothing bad. The service was ok too. Again, nothing great but nothing bad either. The only thing worth note was we saw our waitress only once. After she took our drink and food order we were taken care of by I assume the  bus boy, and he was fine servicing our needs.
5	I like four peaks, always have, always will. Great beer options, plenty of space, food is always really good.
3	Ya know how people say "I really wanted to like this place" or "I want to like this place more than I do"? It's such a stupid thing to say, because obviously you want to like a place, you don't go somewhere and say "I really want to hate spending my money here and eating their food." Well anyway, rant aside. I do actually want to like this place and I come here pretty regularly, but the service is so annoying. My work buddies and I like to come in after work for a few beers and some food. The food is pretty good, I love their spicy Thai hummus, and the beers are obviously great, the patio is comfortable with heaters in the winter as well. But the service just irks the crap out of me. The girls usually are swamped no matter how many people are there. Most of the time, we don't even know who our server actually is because two or three people come over and take our orders. Sometimes the first girl leaves and trades us off to someone new, or the girl just flat out disappears.Most of the time, our drinks sit empty until someone finally sees us and takes another order, other times our drinks aren't even halfway empty and theyre trying to get us another round. They're friendly and nice, but being nice isn't really the only way to do things. Meh, maybe I'm too critical, but I shouldn't have to ask the food runner for plates, napkins and silverware. Or glasses of water like three or four times. I'll keep coming here because the alternative options suck even more :ahem Twin Peaks ahem Skeptical Chymist ahem:
4	Four Peaks has the best bar food in town. I recommend the Thai Hummus (it will totally blow your mind), chicken enchiladas, beer battered chicken fingers and fries. The service here is usually good but the last time I went it definitely not to par, but I will be back. TVs everywhere to enjoy your sports and tons of beer on tap. Again best place if you are craving greasy bar food to watch your favorite sports team.
4	Great beer, good service, and a nice selection of pub favorites to eat.  All of the food is high quality and tasty.
1	I was so excited to go here with my husband. New to the area, we are always looking to try to places. Having read good reviews, we were ready to have a good night out. The bartender greeted us fairly quickly with a smile, took our drink order and had it to us in a couple of minutes and that's as good as the service got. She ignored us for awhile and the glass sat empty. She never offered us a food menu, but she did to the people next to us. We asked for a menu. Although, she did know the guests next to us and it was our first time, so why pay any extra attention to us?We ordered the chicken strips off the late night menu. It was honestly really good. So I really should give more stars for that, but really, I don't think so...What makes me so unhappy, was not only did I receive lazy service, but we tried this place out during their 'you call it' happy hour. Hmm..,maybe because I'm from California, I have different expectations but even a quick Google search can confirm that a you call it happy hour is, you pick what you want for the advertised price. However, that was not what we got. The Vodka and redbull? $3 for the well vodka and $2 for the redbull. My Hendricks and Tonic was $8. Even my pint of beer was $3.50. I am not the type to raise a fuss, and obviously we already drank the stuff so I'm gonna pay the bill, but I won't be back. We even tipped our careless bartender 20%. I hope my review keeps someone else from wasting their time at this place because I have definitely been to better bars in Scottsdale!
5	Great beer, good bar food, just a good fun place to hang out, have a beer with the guys and relax.  Service is almost always outstanding.
5	This is an easy one, we go to one of the Four Peaks locations at least once per month and I've been happy every single time.  Always solid service, kid friendly (without turning into a kid-only restaurant), food is great, and of course the beer....  When I have a client moving into town I make sure to bring them here, it's the perfect local place to show off.
5	SImply the best  Beer and Food in town.  I love the 8th street ale..
4	Four Peaks is probably the best local brews in Phoenix and I always make it into one when I am in town. I have been to both the Scottsdale as well as the Tempe locations.The Scottsdale location is newer and has more seating than the Tempe location which always seems to have a line. When we went we were seated right away. We came in time for happy hour and got a pitcher of their famous Kilt Lifter brew. Our waitress was so-so. She took our order and checked in on us what seemed like every 20 minutes. She was actually more worried about the guys only tables than she was about us (since we had a female). Our food was brought to us by different waiters.We ordered the mediterranean pizza and the salmon BLT. The large pizza cost $18 but was more than enough for our group. Although I felt they kind of skimmed on the cheese. The salmon BLT was delicious. The salmon was fall apart and not one bit dry at all.  Overall the Scottsdale location was solid. It's in a busy part of Scottsdale and the parking is in a major plaza so you don't have to worry about parking on an unlit street like the Tempe location. The fact that it was also larger in size was also a plus because we had to wait over a half an hour in Tempe. The brews are good, the food is good, they're got all the TVs you need, there's out door seating by a fire, and overall the servers were good; with the exception of our waitress. Conclusion:::::::::Beer = APrices = B ($5-20 for beers and food)Servers = BLocation = AIf Four Peaks doesn't tickle your fancy then there's always Twin Peaks in the same plaza ;)
4	You have to love a local brewery and Four Peaks has a great reputation around the valley. The Scottsdale Four Peaks has a different feel than the original Tempe location and obviously attracts a different crowd - older, calmer.  I remember liking the food at Tempe, but that was years ago and since I've started going to this location, I haven't been too impressed with the standard bar fare, but it's a great place to get a local beer. The peach and the Sun Bru are my favorites.
3	Great microbrews. Descent service. No way burgers are 1/2 pound. Bacon was burnt. Calimari appetiser was delicious. Burger came out overcooked. The guy who brought replacement had attitude problem.
5	We usually go to the Four Peaks Brewery in Tempe but we were with family in the Scottsdale area so we tried this location. Anyone who love Stouts must go to  any of the Four Peaks locations. I'm from the micro brewing capital,Portland Oregon and the Four Peaks is my favorite brewery. HANDS DOWN !!!. They also have excellent food for a brewery.I had the Salmon BLT with fries which was great . My wife had there Garden Burger which she always enjoys. We've been going to the Four Peaks  for at least 10 years and always on St. Paddies Day. The corn beef sandwich was outstanding this yea at the Tempe location .  For people who have never experienced the Four Peaks Brewery you must give it a try. One time is all you need to get HOOKED.
4	This location is nice - definitely a better parking situation than the Tempe location. I'm not a fan of beer, but I still love coming here because the food is good and they usually have a delicious pear cider. Some of my favorites off the menu are the Brewer's Breakfast (only served on Sunday for brunch), the Thai hummus (spicy!), and sometimes their soup of the day is a tasty chicken curry.
3	I always have a good time here if I have the money. You can't get anything for under 10, except for maybe chips and salsa. There's not a lot of vegetarian options that aren't just appetisers, and their "happy hour" is a joke. A dollar off of their already expensive beers. Go to the tempe location.  You'll have a much better time.
5	Man! What is there not to like about this place? The beer is great, the food is good, the staff is friendly and the after 10 happy hour may be the best in town! I am a huge fan of Four Peaks and their brews. Thanks for doing such a great job guys!
2	04/30/13Love the burgers and sandwiches (sometimes the kitchen forgets to add one or two key ingredients, say the anaheim chili I ask for instead of jalapeno pepper, or the onion strings) and the dinner specials I've tried at the restaurant hardly disappoint (!), but I really must stop ordering the pasta dinner specials to go.  I've enjoyed the fettucine alfredo that arrived with garlic bread (terrific bread!), but other pasta varieties have left me shaking my head and wanting for more.  Take into consideration the latest special I ordered, the Green Chile penne with grilled chicken.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-brewery-scottsdale-2?select=6gAA2123ljhlmZl2SqKgOA#6gAA2123ljhlmZl2SqKgOA  Photo was taken before I had a bite.  At $15 plus tax, I felt gypped.  What do you think?  The flavors weren't bad, though.  Rich and cheesy, and the green chiles added a lot of heat (!)-- more so than other cheesy green chile pasta dishes I've had elsewhere.  The grilled chicken was pretty good, too-- I don't eat a lot of chicken anymore, so when I do order it, I appreciate when it's done right.  I will keep an eye out for this special to appear on the dinner specials' rotation again, but I will order it for dining-in.  As I've said, I've rarely been disappointed with the dinner specials when dining on, so maybe that's the secret?  We shall see.
4	I worked with the manager here to set up an event for part of our office and Marie was great to work with and offered just what I was looking for. We had a group of about 40 people on the second level and pre-ordered a bunch of appetizers and had drink tickets for our group. From what I could tell, everything ran smoothly and while I usually go to the Tempe location since it's closer to home, I'll probably make a point to stop in for dinner on my way home.
5	Jolene, our waitress, was phenomenal!  Food was great, appetizers superb, but AZ.'s loss to OSU put a damper on the evening.  I'd recommend Four Points for beer, certainly, as well as for food.
3	Great place to hang out and I've always thought their food was really good. Much better than normal bar food.  But I just ordered a salad that was a "special", not on the regular menu. It was a Thai Salmon Salad. I love Thai and my mouth was watering for the spice peanut dressing!  Well, bless their hearts for trying -- It was basically a plan dinner salad topped with a few strips of deep-fried salmon, Kraft Italian dressing, and a hand-full of peanuts. I guess the peanut made it Thai...  I still enjoyed the salad and the Salmon was delicious, but it didn't do much to satiate my Thai craving.
1	Kind of unimpressed with the beer. I did the flight of 8 beers, which is a great price at $9. But I didn't get great service since I wasn't going to base my tip on the bra size of the bartenders. The men around me got plenty of attention but I was left to flag one of the girls down to get my tab. Ick.
4	Not to be confused with the nearby Twin Peaks, although they both serve beer.  As others have said, the food is good.  The Kilt Lifter Scotch Ale is very good.  I wish they'd get some in Seattle, but since Pike's Brewery already has a Kilt Lifter named beer, it may be problematic.  The Hopknot IPA is very nice, but the RAJ IPA is a little different (not my current flavor preference).
4	I cannot rave enough about Four Peaks, just not this location. The beer is great, the food is great, but the service is not as good as at the original spot in Tempe. That being said, the Scottsdale location is also much easier to get in to on a given night. Contrast with the Tempe location, where I've waited 1.5 hours for a table on a Tuesday night. True, it is worth the wait, but after that long swilling Oatmeal Stout one can barely even taste their food. And that is saying something, as the food here inspires ebullience. 5 stars for the food and drink, 4 stars for the service, and I round down (because I'm a bastard).
4	Went here on a Thursday night around 9 PM.  One of the few places around here that's open past 9/9:30 PM.  Not too busy and service was prompt.  Salad with grilled Salmon was huge.  Enough salad for 4 people, Salmon was moist and good portion, though I would expect as much for $16.  Burger's flavor was good, frys were thick cut which is what I prefer.  Bun was decent and held burger.  Only issue was burger was over done, ordered medium rare, came out well done so very dry.  Manager took off few bucks without us even asking, I wasn't going too since I had already finished half of it.Over all great experience, good bar food, lots of TVs if you want to watch a game, service and management no issues.  This will probably be our go to place if we want to eat out "late" in this area.
5	Four Peaks has a great atmosphere, great food!  Service is awesome too.  I was there the other night celebrating my birthday and we were seated upstairs.  We had to move tables because we were over run by a party in which more and more people kept showing up.  The manager (Maria) was walking around asking if everything was okay and if the people were enjoying themselves.  However, not once did she come to our table.  That was very surprising to me.   Other than the people who took over our space and being completely ignored by the manager it really a nice place.   It is a favorite spot of mine and my friends and family......I highly recommend it!
4	This was an excellent place to hang out at during a recent trip to AZ.  The food was outstanding and the place was extremely lively for a Monday night.  The beers were good too.
4	This rating is for the beer only! Thumbs up on the Hefeweizen, Kilt Lifter, and barley wine! These drinks went down smooth and had great flavor. The Scottsdale location is nice; 2 stories inside, several big screens for those of you that like to watch sports. If you like the beer, you can take home a refillable growler. We spoke with one of the managers when he walked up to our table and encouraged them to start bottling some of their other beers (mainly the Hef).Definitely one of the better microbrews in the Phoenix area.
4	Came here with a group after our kickball game down the road. The food was good, there is not an argument there. The Kilt lifter has become my favorite beer since moving to AZ. We were seated outside, and the staff was pretty attentive to us. While we were there, a fuse blew and the misters/outside lights went off for the better part of 15 minutes. They handled it well and let us know the status. Overall, I enjoyed the experience but there was nothing "wow" about it, considering the great things I've heard about this brewery from the locals...
4	As always, I cannot say enough positive about this place. Great brews. Great food. Great staff.
4	Found this place while in search of something that was open late.  I thought the fact that it was 11 meant I would have to get crappy food somewhere.  I was wrong.  The food here was good.  We got turkey burgers and the chicken rolls .  The burger was a little bland but the fries were great, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.
5	Good beer and never too busy.
2	make sure you get the right sized table for your party, but it's all smooth sailing for this best-of-phoenix local brewery. DRINK UP!!!   ...but careful what you eatit's a LOOONG way to tempe sometimes. this location has just the same short, quick attitude you've come to expect from your tempe staff, but it's all business. i'm ok with that...--keeping my glass full of that lovely kiltlifter, 8th street or IPA. that's what counts--televisions in every direction, and staff's accommodating willingness to switch to the foreign football/soccer games keeps my european colleagues satiated! nice!--seasonal choices keep it mixin for good times, every time.--chef salad is the best thing there. crispy, cold and fresh salad mix.--fish and chips. frozen, then refried. if it works for you, this could be a good choice. if only the tartar weren't from a vat.--carne adobada had been good, but rice now too salty, not fresh. red sauce lost its quality too. belongs in the list below, but it could be a fluke. i'm probably not here for the food, but worth noting.# all dressings from the vat. UGH.# chicken wings are my non-favorite standard stand-in-my-own-shit-while-you-pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-so-i-don't-die-while-the-growth-hormones-do-their-thing-in-a-record-76-days-and-then-they-slaughter-me feed-lot fatty shit-ass chicken "meat". sorry.# stuffed potato skins. should'a pitched those in the bin, not reused them two days later. blech.# burgers are a miss in every way. ugh. better tasting from costco's stack-o-frozen ready to grill cardboard... :(
5	Let me start by saying that I am a beer enthusiast and Four Peaks has one of my favorite IPA's. This is a great spot to watch a game or just grab a bite and a beer. The food is pretty good compared to other breweries I have eaten at. They have a good selection and variety of choices. They put a bit of a gourmet spin on traditional bar food. With that being said I wouldn't come here strictly for the food. The beer is the breadwinner at this place. If you are a beer fan all their beers are great but if you are into IPA's you need to try their Raj IPA. It is one of the beers that they do not bottle and sell so you can only get on draught. It is one of my favorite IPA and worth the visit to either of their locations.This place is definitely worth a visit.
5	Awesome food and beer every single time!  The hunny and I like either the az chicken rolls or nachos to start.  The sunbru and hefewiezen are awesome beers from four peaks.  Our all time fav entree is the chicken beer bread- great w the fries but sometimes we'll get the side salad with homemade honey mustard.  Four peaks is our #1 choice for a casual beer-centric meal.  Great food, service, and beer!
5	It's an AZ staple!! You can't go wrong! And when winter hits and they have those seasonal winter brews!! OMG!! that's all I gotta say about that!
2	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:We came here on the Friday of Labor Day weekend. The food was just okay and not very memorable.  There really isn't a Happy Hour menu at Four Peaks.  As it was explained to us, "the drinks are $1.00 off and the food is just the regular prices."   This is the sort of thing you run into at Craft Brewers that serves food.  A lot of times they confuse their beer sales, as proof of their food success.  It's too bad they don't eat here.AMBIANCE/MOOD:Very, very noisy and somewhat overly attentive service, particularily from those busing tables.MENU:Everything under the sun, but nothing that stands out:Chicken Rolls $7; Spinach Artichoke Dip $8; Garlic Cheese Beer Bread $6; Cheese Puffs $7; Spanekopita $7; Wings $7; Nachos $7; Quesadilla $7; Thai Hummus $6; Stuffed Poblano $8; Chicken Strips & Fries $8; Pub Fish and Chips $9; Chicken Enchiladas $9; Carne Adovada $10 and various pizzas starting at $13.50SERVICE:As noted above, they are overly attentive, including their over the top busers. They seem to excel at taking your plates before you have finished your food. LOL.  No, it's actually not funny.FOOD:Four Peaks is a Craft/ Micro brewer http://www.craftbeer.com/breweries/brewery-locator/find-a-us-brewery  who uses the restaurant to sell their beer.  Now, normally that isn't a bad thing. Except the food here is uninspiring at best.  RAM, Rock Bottom, Yard House, Gordon Biersch, BJs all do it quite well, but these are restaurants concepts trying to sell food and beer, in that order.We tried their  Spanekopita, which they describe as a blend of cheeses, spinach, pine nuts, and dill rolled in phyllo dough and served with marinara sauce. We actually liked this very much and would recommend it.  On the other hand, their Five Layer Nachos was a big miss. It came out cold and you could peal the cheese off the nacho chips. We added chicken ($2.50) which looked like it came out of a Sysco bag and dropped on top before serving. Ugh.As you would expect, the beer at Four Peaks is very much Four Stars.  We enjoyed their Oatmeal Stout and their 8th Street Scottish Ale, both of which had low IBUs and 4.8-5.2% alcohol.  PRICES:Expect to pay around $40 including tax and tip, depending on how many pints you are going to enjoy.
4	When everything else is closed after 9pm on a weekday, the great beer and the above average bar food hit the spot.
5	We were keeping our eyes open for a good place to grab a beer on tap & a good burger, when we spotted Four Peaks Grill & Tap.  We recognized the name as a place we had heard of before and wanted to try.  Our server was Lea and she couldn't have been better.  We ordered the Bleu Light Special Burger & a Kilt Lifter (as recommended by our server after asking us our preferences in a brew).  We couldn't have been more pleased!  The brew was exactly what we were looking for and the burger was heavenly!!  Lea was perfect!  There as soon as we were ready to order, back just enough times that we felt well cared for and not bugged and quick to pull plates out of our way and deliver my to go box (so I can enjoy it again for lunch tomorrow).  We will definitely be back!!  When my brother visits from Washington state this Winter, we will be bringing him to Four Peaks.  He prides himself as a bit of a beer connoisseur, and travels the country looking for choice brews.  We can't wait to show him Four Peaks, because we know he will be enjoy it.
5	I'm not sure what these other people are talking about, but this is my fav spot for food. The beer, while delicious, is an after thought for me. I have always experienced great service, excellent food and friendly staff. I'm there at least once a week for take out and once a week for dine in.  I'm one of those people who order the same thing over and over, but here I have tried everything and I love it all. Best spinach artichoke dip in the valley and the calamari is unreal.
4	I have a lot of love for this Four Peaks location.  It all started when I moved to Arizona 7 years ago and lived right down the street from Four Peaks and a few years after that it was the first place that I met Paul V. (my fiance).  This was a usual place for my friends and I to come for some food and drinks.  Some of my favorite foods here include the 5 Layer Nacho Dip with Chicken, Spinach Artichoke Dip (spicy), Grilled Chicken Beer Bread with french fries (my favorite item), Portabella Veggie Beer Bread, and the Reuben.  I really like the atmosphere and the service is usually pretty good.  Once in awhile the service can get slow, but overall it's OK.  My favorite beer here is the 8th Street Ale, but the Hefeweizen comes in pretty close too.  If you are coming here to watch a game, come early because it gets packed.If you're looking for a chill place to have some beer or even food, I'd check it out!
5	Service at the bar is top notch.  Beer was excellent.  Food was pretty good.  Packed on a Tuesday.  Worth the visit.  Take home a 6 pack!
5	Nice and hardworking staff! Food is always great quality and of course THE BEER! Peach Ale is my fave, light and fruity. My favorite casual restaurant in the valley!
5	I can't believe it has taken me this long to review Four Peaks!  Five stars all the way!!  I waited for years for Four Peaks to can their Peach Ale, and it has finally happened.  The Peach Ale is hands down the most refreshing and real peach flavored beer I've ever tasted.  The food is also amazing.  I usually get the beer bread sandwich, but I tried the burger special of the day last time we ate there and it was also great.  Kiltlifter is one of mine and my hubby's favorite beers (and we've tried thousands!)  You can't go wrong with anything there!
4	Over the years, this place has consistently been one of our favorite places to go out and eat and drink.  Some of our favorite dishes:Nachoshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=7hP5ZM2TagP2g7I-Gja5kg#7hP5ZM2TagP2g7I-Gja5kghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=3lgB5WiDyVywaltRqOcGjA#3lgB5WiDyVywaltRqOcGjAWingshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=_PF-2qmcJzWbdPwqDIxtyg#_PF-2qmcJzWbdPwqDIxtygBurgershttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=41ndh3ccyERgBN4lXtIkeQ#41ndh3ccyERgBN4lXtIkeQQuesadillahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=kHLwecgm7FmX7ydW4OhZ1w#kHLwecgm7FmX7ydW4OhZ1whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=Uyo-tuXWMJ-xJob226TOrw#Uyo-tuXWMJ-xJob226TOrwPizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=pTxZjmPE0mg5zi8pfiER9w#pTxZjmPE0mg5zi8pfiER9whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=IVILqLgeZM-xfJh1mxFG-w#IVILqLgeZM-xfJh1mxFG-wCheesesteak Sandwichhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=eJdLjJnEsN1u8jfZxJcLEg#eJdLjJnEsN1u8jfZxJcLEgGarlic Cheese Breadhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-peaks-grill-and-tap-scottsdale-4?select=qp1UVR3AtcJvSaMrZxTXKw#qp1UVR3AtcJvSaMrZxTXKwThe Nachos are huge!  The portion size is enough for 3 or 4 people....when I'm hungry, I can handle these by myself....they're that good.The Quesadilla is not only stuffed with Cheese, but it has melted Cheese on top of it as well.The Wings, Burgers, Pizza and the rest of the dished listed above are good too.  The Beer is outstanding...I love trying the various brews and guest brews on tap.Service here is so/so....good most of the time, but we've had some bad service on occasion.  Overall, it's still one of our favorite joints in town and I highly recommend it.Return Factor - 100%
4	Great service. Food was good bar food nice atmosphere. Great place to chill and have a beer.
4	Great bar with a solid atmosphere and def a nice set of beers to choose from. Friendly and attentive staff with quality food to enjoy. Not a complaint about the place, terrific for watching the big games.
5	It never occured to me to do a review of Four Peaks, because if you are anyone who lives in Arizona and drink craft beer, then you already know about Four Peaks. They are one of the largest Arizona beer distributora with their beer available almost anywhere. While the Tempe location is their flagship and much bigger, the Scottsdale location has the exact same quality of beer and food. Their 8th St Pale Ale and Kiltlifter are always mainstays, but their food is just as amazing; I recommend any burger and the Chicken Strips, they are amazing. If your new to AZ or visiting, make this a go-to stop.
5	I've frequented this location for years, but only ever to drop in for a beer or two and maybe the Thai Hummus, a long time fav of mine.  Recently I came to notice that they're always busy, the house is always packed.  Why, I wondered?Turns out, it's because the food is outstanding!  I finally deviated from my hummus fixation and ordered something else, the pretzel appetizers and the Carne Adovada, and WOW!  The pretzels are perfectly cooked with a side of mustard and cheese, the Adovada is "cherry wood smoked pork" in a savory red sauce with rice and beans, about $15.  Honestly, they could charge twice that and it would be worth it. The beer is always good, and they've taken the time to pair their varieties with their foods.  Service is fast enough (it is crowded after all), friendly, and a often nice to look at.  I'll be back, often.
3	Typical - a good glass of beer and so-so food.  Also typical - the noise level - high.
3	I'm not sure I understand the constant hype around Four Peaks.  It's your typical good beer, bar food restaurant. It is also very crowded and loud. It's good, just not as good as people make it out to be.
1	Horrible service. They couldnt seat us for 20 minutes even though there are open seats. Waited another 15 for a server. Ill go to tempe next time or just not here
4	Blonde house beer is awesome, very similar to a Blue Moon, maybe better! Good burgers and great location indoors and outdoors for watching a football game.
4	Stopped here for a happy hour beer and a bite to eat, I had the pumpkin porter and the swiss mushroom burger with fries.  The beer was great and the burger was good, was hoping for a sweet potato fry option as that would have put it over the top, but that was not to be.  A great atmosphere on the patio (heaters included), the parking lot can be a bit of a deathmatch for an open space.  Be ready to duel! (or walk a bit farther).
5	Service and food were both amazing! My family was in town from Idaho for the holidays and I took them there since it's a local brewery. My mom loved it so much she said she would be fine going there every day. Possibly the best wings any of us had ever had. The burgers were Delish and cooked perfectly. We also enjoyed the 80's playlist of music they had on. Just moved in the area and will for sure become a regular! Yum!
5	Kilt lifter is my new favourite beer. And that is coming from a Canadian!
4	I enjoyed my visit here. We were out and about and decided to stop for a bit. The service was excellent and she was very accommodating to my specific requests. Enjoyed this visit.
5	Came in to relax on the patio and enjoy a really nice day. They were very accommodating with our request to sit outside, and when another friend came to join us. It was a Sunday, so around 415 they came to tell us it was last call for food and soon after it was last call for drinks. Apparently, they were closing at 6 on a Sunday which seemed a but odd, but it didn't affect us too much.The spinach artichoke dip was excellent. It came with fresh and crispy tortillas and really soft and fluffy pita bread. Mmm. And the beer was great too. I wish it was served in colder glasses or frosty mugs though. Got the kilt lifter and the oatmeal stout which was thicker and sweeter and more smoother than the kilt lifter.
5	Came here in the evening after working out.  It was about 9p (so ok, it was night time) and they were carding at the door.  Since I had come from the gym I actually did not have an ID with me but was clearly 6 months pregnant so they made an exception.  Moral of the story:  Make sure you have your id.  We had a totally cute server gal who was totally helpful and accommodating!!  We ordered salads and burgers and both were excellent.  It was a pretty mellow evening but this looks like a totally fun place to come and have a beverage.  Solid brewery food and would return for more when in the area!!
5	Best burger and beer in the area. On top of that everything on the menu is delicious and you can always try something new on their daily specials menu. The staff is incredibly friendly and they know their product forwards and backwards. With an awesome craft brew selection that accommodates all tastes, I would definitely recommend checking this place out.
4	Excellent food served well by a personable wait staff.Great ambiance albeit noisy.Shrimp Bisque was Outstanding.Some marvelous craft beers with too limited a Growler offering.We be back.
2	I understand the point of trying to reach out to a larger crowd.  In this case, stick to the original.  Don't get me wrong I love Four Peaks beer and the bar in general.  If it's located by ASU.The North scene for this kind of atmosphere is just lacking and doesn't make sense.  Four Peaks is meant for the college crowd and rowdy rah rah of the kids cheering and jeering the screen as they watch the games.  This Four Peaks seem stale and old.  It almost makes up for it but definitely falls short.  Sorry Four Peaks this part of the town is too steep to try to climb for now.  I'll make my way back South to the original. - Enjoy!
4	We were looking for a quick bite on the way to Taliesin West - thanks yelpers for helping us land here.  Quickly seated, super efficient waitress, chicken beer bread for me (which is really like a wrap - but it was delish). Husband got the double nachos, which are smothered in cheese and beef and have their own pot of more goodies to dump on top..  Nice.  Kid ate a burger - thumbs up...we got out of there and up the road in the nick of time.  Efficient, fast, family friendly - it gets four stars for being a good sports bar
4	Great burgers and beer! I have been coming here for 10 years and they never dispoint!  The service is great and the atmosphere is better. Great looking help and a great place to watch a game.
2	Went here for lunch yesterday on advice from the guys at Go-AZ motorcycles across the street. My girl friend and I are self proclaimed beer snobs and have had bottled Kilt Lifter before and liked it. We ordered a couple of pints and found the beer to be stale tasting...like the taps/lines were dirty or the keg was just old, bummer. We also ordered some burgers with salads substituting fries. The salads were also pretty disappointing as they were obviously pre-made, maybe even the day before and were wilted and the edges of some leaves starting to brown. The burgers were just ok nothing outstanding.The bright spot was our server who was friendly and efficient. All in all this location looks a bit run down, the bathrooms were not clean and the signature offering of beer was not good. I'll stick with SanTan Brewing.
3	Food is very average.  Excellent beer but you can get it all over town these days!  Hit up the Tempe location for the authentic experience and nice scenery.  Don't be afraid to try something new from their selection of homemade beers - almost always way above average!
5	Great beers great food what more could you ask for?!
4	Four peaks is known as one of best local places to get a beer. They also have a good menu featuring sandwiches, pizza, burgers, and other options.
5	Love this place it's the perfect neighborhood bar. Great craft brews, my favorite is the hefeweizen but there seasonal beers are also top notch. Food is great as well, I usually snack on appetizers like the spinach artichoke dip and spanakopita and they are always great. I have had entrees a couple times and they are also good. Service is top notch and friendly would always recommend for food or drink!!
5	Great beer, great food, great staff. Highly recommend coming if you've never been before. They brew their own beer and have happy hour everyday from 3 to 6 with discounted prices on beer. I believe it is $3 a pint.
5	I've been to the Four Peaks in Tempe a couple of times and its always been good. The Four Peaks in Scottsdale is just as great. I'm a foodie and a 20+ year restaurant veteran.  If I say something is good then it is. Walked right in. I love the second floor overlooking the main floor. I know many come here for the beer as that is what it's famous for, but the food is its own reason to come visit. My eyes are bigger than my stomach as usual but in order what I want Ben if I can't eat it all. Today I felt like chicken rolls and nachos. The nachos by themselves will feed a family of four. I add chicken to the mountain of cheese and chips. All the salsa, sour cream, and other fixins come on the side so you don't have to worry about pleasing that pain in the ass friend who doesn't like something. The chicken rolls deserve their own paragraph as they are hands down my favorite app here. Jen thought they were bland so I made her go sit in the truck. Just kidding. She wasn't impressed is what she said. Ce la vie. They are delicious. She also had the buffalo chicken soup which I had not had before and received an audible "WOW" and an eyebrow lift from me. It was damn good too. Main course for me, no surprise, was a bacon cheeseburger with pepper jack and she had hot wings. Burger was cooked perfect and the seasoned fries were tasty as well. Her wings were good, not the best in the world, but on a scale to ten prob five them a 7 at least. Service was great from Erica. Drinks never emptied and anything we needed we received promptly. Jen commented on the ambience and the nice spread of TVs around the place. Great place to come and watch sports or what not. Overall really really great experience.
5	Far and away our favorite restaurant! Great beer! Great atmosphere! Great service! The menu has something for everyone. I've had everything on it. I always have a difficult time deciding on something! There isn't anything I don't like. I especially enjoy the beer breads.  Their daily specials menu is outstanding. We've been coming here since it opened. Our kids love it too! I could go on and on...
5	This is by far the best brewery restaurant ever.  We come here at least once a month for the last 8 years,  and have never had a bad meal. You can't beat their IPAs and their seasonals are always amazing. If you come as often as we do you have memorized their menu and often go for the specials. No matter what you can't go wrong at any of their locations. A must eat and drink at stop. Every visitor that comes to see us comes here and requests to come back whenever they are back in AZ.
1	Trying to understand why chicken on half order of nachos costs as much as on full order? Miguel, manager of the kitchen on North Hayden , reassured me that it is EXACTLY the same amount as it is on the full order....what? You be the judge...
3	If you want to go to Four Peaks go to the original one in Tempe. This place is hit or miss: in this location. Food was cold. They had to come back and give us new plates. Great service though.
4	First time in this four peaks tap room.  I personally am more of a fan or the original breweries, but this one wasn't so bad. They had a lot of Four Peaks beers, and food so what else do I need? On and growler refills. On my last visit I sampled the Odelay Mexican chocolate ale. At 8.1% it packed a punch!For another sample I had a cask dry hopped blonde. I hate blonde beers, but this one was actually good.  I'm a huge fan of cask beer and four peaks seems to have many. That's a real good thing. Out of the two I took home a growler of the Odelay. We didn't have a chance to eat any food. I did like the decor of the bar, has a lot of bar space and a nice sized patio. I'd like to try out the food next time. On a side note the service by Tito the bartender was great.  Very friendly and on top of things. I know we will be back here again in the future.
4	This place is always consistently good.  They obviously have a great beer selection on tap, but the food is also very good.  The jalapeno popper burger is awesome and something I've never seen anywhere else.  Service is always friendly and efficient.And of course, you can get six-packs to go.
3	I can get Four Peaks at any bar nowadays, so the restaurant needs to have something unique to grab my attention. There's burgers, pizza, fish & chips...just about everything you would expect a bar to have, and certainly isn't adventurous. There's no dish in particular that calls out to me. What DOES call out to me, however, are the seasonal beers. Odelay? I've seen it elsewhere, but it's rare. There were some other small-batch brews that are apparently exclusive to Four Peaks locations. As I used a couple pints to wash down a dry, mediocre meal, I realized what my problem was. The beer is such a reliable selling point, it doesn't seem like anyone arranging the menu really tries. This is the southwest. This is a brewery known for taking risks with novel flavors. The menu should reflect that more, and not just coast on mediocre grub. Fries were rock hard. Burger was ok. Overall, our servers were so chill I enjoyed my lunch here. And the guy who had shown my friend and I the list of upcoming brews was very upbeat and passionate about what this company does. I wouldn't come here for dinner, but I'd definitely come to have a couple pints and catch a game.
5	Every time we eat here it's delicious! Would definitely recommend anyone to eat here!
5	Ask to see waiter Jennifer or manager Chris... Knowledgable about 4 peaks and others in area
4	Another great visit, bartender was super cool and very helpful. Informing me of the daily specials, happy hour deals and half orders. From 10pm-late great happy hour on premium liquids, $3 for ketel, makers etc... Had the beef stew and a half order of the pretzels. The stew was okay, more like a soup (Thin slices of sandwich style beef, sparse veggies). The pretzel was perfect (warm and doughy, not overdone, nice large to med size) and a steal for a half order, def don't need to gorge on two. Always its about the their beers, tried the seasonal which was a Mexican chocolate brew. Liked it a lot, lotta bold flavors but not too filling as dark beers tend to be. Had to have the hefe with the pretzel, still say the kilt lifter is my fav.
4	great service, good nachos and awesome beer!
4	If you get the 1/2 size Nacos it is the perfect amount. Not the best place drinks wise if you are not a beer person... then again it is a brewery. I am just unable to drink beer due to allergies. So some more drink specials would be appreciated.
5	I, being a tourist, cannot speak of their daily atmosphere or attitude. My one visit though was fantastic. We went here simply to sample their brew selection. The bartenders were attentive and friendly.  We sat at the bar top during a busier time of day, but they handled the crowd very well.We ordered a beer flight, and it was amazing! Most micro-breweries I've been to offer a 4-5 sampler. Four Peaks offered an eight drink fight. The tray for the beer's was already labelled with which beer was which. Our bartender also gave us a description sheet on the style and brewer's details on each. It was also quite reasonably priced. I cannot wait for another opportunity to come to this place again!
5	Always a great time at Four Peaks! Service is always great and the bartenders remember you. Very friendly place to go with good food.
4	Probably the most consistent restaurant that serves "bar" food. The food is pretty much always consistent and my personal favorite are the grilled chicken wings (you have to ask for them grilled). If you are looking for some fried food the calamari, chicken strips, or fish are tough to beat. Lastly, the carne adovada is pretty solid for not being a mexican restaurant. I like it served in the quesadilla.
5	Went for the first time with a few buddies on a lunch break from work food was good had the peach beer not bad good service place was busy I'd definitely suggest this place
3	The husband and I ate at this location for the first time Sat evening. We ordered pretzels as an appetizer and they came out still cold in the middle from being frozen. When we mentioned it to our server, she apologized and brought out a fresh dish a few minutes late which were hot. We shared a pizza, it was good not great. Peach beer was delicious as always. Three star experience overall. Nothing terrible, nothing great.
1	Great time
2	Good beer, gracious staff BUT and this is a HUGE BUT I ordered the chef salad and it came with a dead fly wedged in my lettuce I'm pretty sure I did not ask for lol. The waiter took the salad off our bill but that was it. Seriously? A dead fly....  he did ask if I wanted anything else but come on after finding that in my food why would I want anything else
5	Four peaks has the best beer in the north valley with great value. I recommend this place for any beer/foodie person around.
5	Great service and food... Enjoy the atmosphere. Great place to watch sport.. offers an upstairs for private parties.
5	This place is consistently great. Awesome service, great food, delicious beer! We love going before catching a movie at Studio Movie Grill or just to grab dinner and a few drinks! Highly recommend!
5	Great beer, decent food, fun atmosphere. Service has always been good when I have been.If you're craving a fresh beer and some tasty bar food this is the place.
3	I've been to both locations now. Here's what I have to say about the Scottsdale one....very poor service. Took forever to order something to go at the bar. I finally ordered and the woman took my money...she gave me the wrong change (mistakes happen, I let this slide, for the time being). She came back with my order....I walk out and pretty much drove away only to figure out she gave me the wrong order. I go back in and ask her for the correct one...and to put ketchup in the bag. Silly me I didn't check for ketchup, got all the way back to work, and surprise there wasn't any (what are fries without ketchup??). Only reason I gave this place three stars is because the food is awesome. Next time I will be going to the one in Tempe. Food is even better and service was impeccable at the Tempe location.
4	You know what? I love this place! Love the pretzels, hamburgers, and wings... I am sure there is more... But, these are the things I like! I also love the bartender"esses" introduce themselves and are personable.We bought and rented a keg and (all that  goes with) from them one Super Bowl! It was a great experience.I must admit today there is a very annoying aspect of this bar! I do understand the busy lunch crowd, but today, because I was a lone, I sat at the bar, and two really sweaty guys came stacking glasses... Several times! Loud, sweaty (which in some settings seems dirty!) mostly loud and annoying! I just wanted to come have a pretzel and a beer to prepare for the second half of my day... Maybe I was already stressed and it made it worse... But, please!!!!  Can't it seem effortless and maybe enjoyable??? I know it's lunch and fast paced and I appreciate it, but the clanking of the glasses got my attention and then the sweatiness turned my stomach! Maybe this is just one area Four Peaks on Hayden Road in Scottsdale could improve! I know the guy was exceptionally proud of himself to get so much accomplished...  But at what expense? Okay said my peace... Why doesn't it make me feel  better?
5	The  experience  I  had  was  great  fast  delivery  of  food  and  my  goodness  the  pork  carnitas  wow!
4	Pub like environment, very casual.  Good music playing (like Bob Marley) but it was a little too loud during lunch.I ordered iced tea and it was very good.  It was the fruity kind.For lunch i got the ceasar salad with salmon.  It was really good.  The dressing on it was OK but the salmon was killer.Good service.  Good to see a manager on duty making sure all was running smoothly. It was lunch so I wasn't drinking but I know that all these beers are really good.  I always get the Kiltlifter and the 8th St Ale.
4	Decent spot, about what you would expect from a brew-pub.  This was my first time trying Four Peaks beers and I thought they were ok.  The food was your typical pub far, but much better quality.  The hummus stood out.  Would definitely return if in the area.
5	I really enjoy this place. The food is tasty, the drinks (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) are great, and the atmosphere is conducive for a fun time! Bring some friends, order some beers, and enjoy yourself! It can sometimes get a little loud, but not enough to detract from the experience, in my opinion.  Waiters and waitresses are very respectful, fun, and are good at their jobs.
4	Good beer. Food is like beefed up bar food but tasty. Good setting, good atmosphere. Good good good, nothing great. Local business, did I mention good beer? Service is good, but they get slammed quick.
4	The beer is not brewed on site here but it is good. They have some seasonal selections as well as guest beers. The food is also tasty... Haven't had anything bad yet. The staff is always nice as well. Ways feel welcome!
4	I live right down the street from Four Peaks.  I'm a regular patron and have been going there for years.  It has a rustic comfortable feel that I like.  The staff is usually welcoming.  The food is very tasty.  I like most everything on the menu, and it's reasonably priced.  I rarely drink so you know the food and atmosphere would have to be good for me to keep coming back.I'd say the 2 downfalls of the place are when you're seated at the bar right in front of the bartenders it seems difficult to get their attention and decent service.  It's hit and miss but I'd say poor service at the bar has been a more common experience than not.  The other improvement that could be made would be to add more healthier choices to their menu.  I'd go there more often if they offered lighter healthier choices on the menu.  Nachos, burgers with fries, pizzas are all heavy.  It'd be nice to be able to have more vegetarian and salad choices.
4	I went to Four Peaks with a friend that lives right down the street from Four Peaks. The service was excellent and so was the food. I only gave four stars due to the noise level but overall the atmosphere was nice!
5	The 8th street ale , hop knot and raj always superb, they have cask brew today so get it while it lasts ! Also 6 stars for the blue light burger .
5	Still one of my favorite brewery's in town with awesome food and beer. I was back for a recent trip, and this was my must stop at place while up in North Scottsdale! I love the beer. And I especially love the "pub food" they serve. In my opinion Four Peaks has some of the best burgers in town. They are HUGE... and reasonably priced for what you get. My favorite is the Jalapeno Popper burger... you gotta try it. The Bavarian pretzel is a must have appetizer. I like sitting outdoors, as the inside can get a little crowded and very noisy at peak times. I do not like sitting upstairs at all.
5	Great food, great beer, very nice casual bar and restaurant. If you are looking for a nice place to eat and drink I would recommend going here for lunch or dinner.
5	This is the best spot in the Air Park. Why? They are arguably the best brewery in AZ, the food is pretty DG, and it's close to my work. Why have twin peaks when you can have four? BOOM case closed you should eat here if you're reading this.
5	I don't love beer so this is purely a food review. We went this morning for Fathers Day and they offered a special menu with about 10 options. The four of us all chose differently so we were able to sample things across the board. The Brewers Breakfast was a nice traditional breakfast, the machaca enchiladas were a solid breakfast with good flavor and the BBQ pork sandwich with an egg was one of the best. Honestly the most surprising meal was the French toast option that I had- it looked wonderful and tasted even better. I love that they don't scrimp on fruit sides or salads. Service was good with a manager checking on our table during our meal.  We will return.
4	My hubby and I frequent this spot a lot. I always get the same burger because I'm afraid to stray when I've found something I like so much! I get the blu light burger (or something along those lines) and my hubby has tried several menu items. I am always happy with my burger. The meat is flavorful and the bacon and blu cheese just adds the extra yum. I also love their fries and the BBQ sauce is killer! Hate beer, but love it in the stout BBQ sauce.The hubby has tried different burgers and always thought they were very good. The one meh burger for him was a daily special of the Elk burger. Said it tasted like it was elk and beef not pure elk. But still enjoyable considering. Recently he tried a spicy pork dish that came with delicious black beans, flour tortillas, and he added scrambled eggs on top. He loved it and even though I'm not big on spicy food...I thought it was very good too. I was disappointed with my margarita (yes I know brewery not a Mexican Food place) but I had it made with Patron and it was weak tasting and I don't think it was patron. Another menu item we've tried (as a side) was the pasta salad. Usually when we get burgers one will get the side of fries and the other gets the pasta salad so we can split them since we both like them. As far as desserts we've only tried the stout tiramisu and it was a thumbs down. I thought it was going to be the beer take on a tiramisu, but instead of being moist as tiramisu is...this was kind of hard. More like cake with beer tossed on top. Will never try that again. All in all of course we will go back.
5	My husband and I have been coming here for years...we actually bonded over their Kiltlifters..haha! We always enjoy coming here, whether its for food or drinks. Great service and their food is always amazing! Great American food and drinks.
4	Good food, Great happy hour pints are all $3. The Nachos are super good and tons of beef. Wasn't aware it was a $4.50 up charge for beef tho. Very disappointing. I don't think its worth the price ($13.50) for an appetizer, but they def do give you a lot of beef. It taste amazing too. The Beer Wrap Turkey Sandwich is phenomenal. About 12 bucks but worth it includes bacon. My favorite beer is the Kilt Lifter, great aroma and hoppy taste. They brew all there own beers and only serve them. So don't expect to get a Miller Lite there.  The Scottsdale location is a nice chill place to relax at. I believe they even have a reverse happy hour that goes til 1 am. Great place I will be back!!
4	Great beer! Good food! Friendly service!My wife and I enjoy coming here for dinner and a pint... or two... or three. We always get fast, friendly service. Don't forget your growler. The food is average bar food. Don't sit on the patio in the early evening, the sun will beat you up.
5	This is without a doubt one of the best brew pubs in the valley. Their brews are excellent. They have a great vegetarian pizza, and The shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta appetizer is amazing. All of their dressings and soups are made from scratch, putting a foodie spin on traditional bar food.
5	We stopped by since it was the one of the only places open when we arrived in Scottsdale for out vacation. The food and service were superb! We both were delighted with the coconut soup. We praised the soup to our waitress and she got us each a bowl "to go" since it was the end of the night. Also, we loved the stout shake and stout tiramisu. Make sure you order dessert! The staff were all very friendly and were constantly checking on our group. When one of the waitresses found out that we were on vacation, she pulled up a chair and gave us a list of places we shouldn't miss for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We definitely plan on a return visit this week. Oh and of course their beer is great too!
5	Not being from the area, we relied on yelp reviews to find us a late night spot to eat on the 4th of July. Well, we found the perfect place. The food was on point and the service was just as good. We are only here for a couple of days and want to experience the best of Scottsdale. We would definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	What does awesome food + great beer equal?  Wednesdays regular hang out. Try a special. Its always yummy. And, be sure to sit in Corrine's section. She's the best! The North Scottsdale location rules because of her!!
4	Wonderful brewery with surprisingly great food. The salmon blt is a wonderful departure from the classic sandwich. Very fresh tasting. I recently had a daily special which was a duck breast. Amazing. Well prepared and vet reasonable price at 16 dollars. Worth your time.
5	At this point it's hard to separate the myth and memories from the actual brewery, but I can safely say that Four Peaks is one of my favorite establishments in the Phoenix area. Stop reading this and go experience this Arizona landmark for yourself right now...go......NOOOOOOW!From early morning St. Paddy's celebrations to low-key happy hours that quickly somersault into late-night shenanigans, I can't remember a time when I didn't enjoy being at Four Peaks. The above average bar food combined with the superior beer keeps me coming back time and time again. For food recommendations I'm partial to the chicken salad pita and the salmon BLT, but most things on the menu are complete mouth-pleasers. For beer choices you can't go wrong with all of the options - the Oatmeal Stout and Hefeweizen are my go-to's.Words don't really do this place justice since it's difficult to drink yourself full with words, so quit dilly-dallying and get your dumb butt to Four Peaks Brewery.p.s. I know I'm reviewing the Scottsdale location and the original one in Tempe is just better because it's tough to beat the original, but same beer and same food make for a comparable experience.
1	I have never been to a restaurant as loud as Four Peaks, at least on a Wednesday evening before 6pm.  The room was about half full but the volume of noise was so great that I literally could not talk to my companion without leaning over.So we left without ordering.I think not being able to tolerate the environment is reasonable grounds for one star.If you don't mind noise, the food might be good.  I'll never know.
5	After a weird night of visiting 3 different bars that just didn't have the "vibe" a girlfriend and I were looking for, we ended up here. This was the best decision ever!! We had an amazing girls' night sampling beers and their new summer shandys.  The food was also terrific. Corrine was our server and she was so awesome we had to brag about her to the manager who came to check on us. I might have a new favorite spot!
5	Great beer, great food, great desserts. Get the garlic bread appetizer and the stoutamisu dessert!
4	Four Peaks is probably the best of the local breweries.  We are fortunate to have a growing brew scene here in Phoenix.  I travel all over the country and I will tell you that our local brewers can hold their own.  I really enjoy Four Peaks beer, in particular the flagship Kilt Lifter and the 8th St Ale.  But what keeps me coming back is the weekly cask ale.  Having lived in England I acquired a taste for room temperature, uncarbonated ale and Four Peaks scratches that itch for me weekly.  The food is good - it's your basic burgers, salads, bar food.  But it's done well and I am never disappointed.
3	Really nice staff. The cheeseburger was nothing special but by no means bad at all. Had a few beers and they were pretty good as well. I'll return.
2	Got there for a Sunday happy hour, which is great because not many places have Sunday happy hours and the beers are $3.50 for a pint.  They have all the usual Four Peaks suspects but only 3 guest brews on tap, so a little disappointing.  We ordered the calamari to start out with and followed it up with the Italian Beef Beer Bread.  I'm not sure what arrived at our table that they called "calamari", but I can tell you that's not calamari.  It was more like overpriced fish sticks.  Very disappointing.  They should absolutely not have calamari on the menu if that's what they're going to serve.  The Italian Beef Beer Bread was over a little greasy, but not bad.  I'm not much a fan of battered fries either.  Overall the beer for $3.50 is a worth a visit, but I would probably eat somewhere else.
4	Same food and drinks, but older population compared to the tempe location. The atmosphere is more of a sports bar than a brewery.
5	This place is pretty good. The food we ordered was all goo but nothing knocked my socks off. But for some reason their water is amazing! I guess it is the beginning of a good beer so it matters. But in the Arizona heat this delicious filtered water made my day.
4	First visit for almost 5 years though I have had their beer elsewhere. We had lunch but that did not discourage my having some beer. The food was good. My wife remembered that part. She liked her club sandwich and I enjoyed the carne adovava (did I spell it right?). It was spicy but I should have expected that.  We didn't have dessert or appetizer. The beer was good tasting but not hoppy enough for my taste. That is an Arizona problem, not just Four Peaks  and the people making the beer will reply that Oregonians want their beer overhopped. We had great service from Julia.  She was knowledgeable and attentive to our needs.  I tipped over 20% and hope it was enough.  By Arizona standards I would say this as good as the brew pubs get.
5	I have to say the service here is superb and keeps me coming back for more. If you enjoy great beer and good food you will love this place.  The environment is upbeat and lively.  If you're not a fan of noise though might not be the place for you, personally I love it
3	Decided to meet new date and watch the Cardinals game at this location. We managed to snag a table right in the middle of the restaurant and it was mostly crowded all game with Cards fans. They have plenty of interesting beers to choose from, but stuck with their lagers, which were good. The TV's around the place need an upgrade, but they did have the football package. The $15 pizza we ordered was the BBQ chicken variety, but despite the solid good chunks of BBQ chicken on the pie, the lack of BBQ sauce made the thing dry as molasses and lowered the quality. It was more like eating a flatbread, which was also available. It looked like better things were being served, so will try one of their specials next visit. Not a bad date and a good Cardinals win to boot.
5	There's not a whole lot that I love more in life than good craft beer and hummus.  I'm not saying that Four Peaks takes the cake on both of these things, but it's become one of my regular go-tos in Phoenix.  It's a great, all american kind of place that most people will love but it's not commercialized and generic.  I find myself at Four Peaks for just about any occasion and I'm rarely disappointed.  It still feels like a cool, neighborhood joint.  But there is something about the Tempe location that feels more authentic and original than the Scottsdale location.  Here are some highlights gathered from many visits to both the Scottsdale and Tempe locations. Beer - Oatmeal Stout or any seasonal on tapFood - Thai Hummus, Chicken Fingers, anything on beer breadService - amazing servers and bar tenders!  they always make you feel like a regular and love to chat with all of their guests.
5	I have been working in this area for 12 years and have to say this is my fail safe lunch spot. I look forward to receiving their daily lunch special email as it frequently lures me in. I have several favorites on the menu but really enjoy trying their creation of the day. They always have three unique items to choose from. The go to items in my book would be the salmon blt, chef salad or the French dip sandwich. None of these are your run off the mill variety. The portions are above average with top notch quality and fair prices. Fun and comfortable place to spend your lunch hour.
3	Very good food all the time, wait staff is excellent.  THE BEER is tasty but way to WARM.  To me this is a big draw back.  The glasses are not that cold to off-set the warm beer.
5	The nachos are amazing and I love the peach beer.
3	We stopped by after a local event for a late luncheon.We tried the seasonal brews for Octoberfest (Martzen) and Pumpkin something something brew.  The Marten matched expectations and appropriately was flat by American beer standards.  A solid good example of its type.   The pumpkin stout something whatever was good according to my heterosexual life partner.  We also tried the fish & chips and beef au jus.  The fish was overdone nearing burnt.  Not good but not bad.  The chips were good. The beef with sauteed onions au jus was very good.Also tried was the Raj India Pale Ale. This brew was more in keeping with the English tradition of IPA rather than American hyper hopped IPAs.  I would describe it as "okay" but not a superlative experience.Our service from Dominique was very good.  She was warm, friendly, cheerful and efficient.  What items we ordered were delivered quickly.Overall a pleasant experience.
4	I have been here a few times & had great service the first time and the food was awesome. Second time it was okay service but the food didn't taste anything like it did the first time, and I got the same thing. It was crazy packed the second time we went and the wait was 45 minutes. Which I didn't mind, the bartenders were on point & got you a drink as soon as you got up to the bar. But the hostess who sat us had no personality, didn't greet us, say hello or anything. She put the menus down & walked away. It was so awkward. And like I said above the food wasn't as good. Was disappointed the second time around.
5	The food and beer is awesome every time I go. The chefs care about what going out!!Make sure you try the chefs specials!!! Thanks and see you soon!
5	Consistent quality and friendly service combine with my favorite craft-brewed IPA to make this my favorite place to unwind.
5	Great wings and beer here. Pretzels kick butt. Don't rely on reviews under 5 stars. Great place.
4	Here once a week and it's usually with a group of 6-8. They remember us and seat us quickly. Waitstaff is young, friendly and attentive. Managers are consistently making sure you are satisfied and well taken care of. Great beers of their own and they also have guest bottled beers - usually top quality as well. Then there is the seasonal Pumpkin Porter- yum!Every item on their menu is delicious.. Well at least The 75% of which I have tried. Wings, nachos, pretzels, carne adovada, chicken fingers, French dip, green chile poutine, salads, salmon blt, turkey blt... All great!4 stars only because they lack a decent happy hour.. I think it's maybe .50 off pints during happy hour.
4	Really enjoy this place. Drinks are good, food is always quick and tastes great. Usually go with a group of 5-6 and never really have an issue getting a table, unless it's a big event like a fight. Head over its a good time.
5	Have never been disappointed by Four Peaks. It's my favorite brewery!! I went there after work and got their new Lamb Burger. It...was. AMAZING! I love the atmosphere of the place. It's open, but intimate at the same time. It's perfect for both, going out with friends, or an evening to yourself. Whenever you go is a good time to go.
5	Great Burgers and Beer. Love the atmospher to just hang out with friends,
5	Four Peaks Grille is our favorite brewery & best pub food in Scottsdale! Local brews,yummy Chicken Beer Bread Sandwich!
5	Hands down the blackened chicken nachos are the world's best nachos! I have had nachos at literally hundreds of places and have never had better..fresh salsa, real cheese, fresh jalapenos, great blackened chicken, multi colored chips..no microwave  and generous portion...The best!
5	I've been a fan of Four Peaks for years. They have always provided that neighborhood feel bar that is all to often lost these days. The Hop Knot is my tap special. I couldn't believe my eyes when I stopped in for a brew and a bite and noticed a change in their menu. They always run a daily special but I don't remember them ever changing the menu. I ventured outside my comfort zone and went for "The New Yorker". Pastrami is right up my alley. I guess the reason they haven't changed the menu in years is because they spent some time perfecting some items. This pastrami sandwich was better than the one I had at the Carnegie Deli. Marble Rye, Pastrami,cole slaw and mustard. Get me another beer please! Looking forward to coming back to try the other additions on the menu.
5	There is not a single brewery that beats Four Peaks food.  Their Pumpkin Porter is the greatest beer ever created in all the lands of the earth, and their Oatmeal Stout BBQ sauces kicks even Chuck Noris's ass.  Oh yeah, their artichoke dip is amazing too - the only thing i wasn't a fan of was their white sauce pizza....but hey, they're normal pizza is amazing so it's all good and that's only my opinion, maybe it'll be a vacation in your mouth....
4	Great localcraft brewery and pub. Recommend the seasonal choices, get the pumpkin porter it wont ne around long.  Food is good quality and ample.  Great fish dishes. WAit staff friendly and responsive.
5	The only place worth coming to in Scottsdale besides the casino. Food was amazing, beer was amazing, and staff was super friendly. Was able to watch my team on TV no problem and always got a refill on my beer before even asking. Prices were super reasonable and I would recommend this place to anyone here visiting.
5	We LOVE this restaurant and take all of our visitors here as well. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	Awesome beer, food, and ambience! We went just before the kitchen closed and ordered a pretzel and the hummus. Both were fantastic! And we got a couple of stouts and imperial ales. Both were terrific! If you like excellent beer, food, and a chilled out vibe, this is the place!
4	Dinner to cap off 2.5 days of moving, good burgers, friendly staff, very busy. Restaurant/bar great atmosphere, outdoor seating.  Only negative was that parking is an issue, had to park a long ways away . Four peaks can't really control that as they're are in a complex with other businesses. My rating does not reflect poor parking.
4	Great beer and better food.  Upscale bar food.  Great wings and Philly steak .. And enjoyed a 8  4oz beer tasting flight.  ... Don't confuse it for 2 peaks around the corner ( a modern day hooters)
4	Came here with family while visitng AZ and wow, delicious. Had some samples of beer and a juicy burger. The meat was pretty good size and the fries were really delicious. It was bustling on a Friday night after Christmas and you could tell it was the place to go for locals and slightly younger crowd. Noticed they had an upstairs area but I didn't see what went beyond the back patio where we sat.Overall, great food, great atmosphere - would definitely come back again when I am in town!
