4	I have wanted to try this place ever since Munch wrote it up in the P-G.  The timing was good because they just moved into a new sit-down location a couple of doors up from the old place right on the Red Line.  I guess the biggest surprise is that Julie and I ate, and ate pretty well, for under $20 (including tip).  Our waiter, Sam, with his waiter in training, Manuel did a pretty good job serving us.  Sam spent some time explaining the entire menu to us.  I had brought beer and they brought out a frosted mug for me.  I tend to like spicy; so I ordered Sam's recommended spicy dishes.  Whether you order a taco, tostada, burrito or quesadilla, you can order it with the different meat combos that they serve.  I ordered 3 soft corn tacos.  The tortillas seemed homemade-with a real strong corn flavor.  I ordered one with pulled pork, one with shrimp diablo and one with poblano chilis and potatoes.  Julie ordered a quesadilla with beef in mole sauce and a tostada with jamaican jerk chicken.  Each taco I ate was spiecier than the last.  I usually like spicy; but this was over the top for me.  My taco with pulled pork had an avocado cream sauce and pineapple mixed in.  The pineapple was the best part because it gave some sweetness to the spicy pork.  The shrimp diablo had me hiccuping, which means I had gone too far with the spicy.  The poblano chili and potato had thin strips of fresh poblano chilis and a cream sauce on top.  Notwithstanding how spicy the tacos were, they were flavorful.  I recommend you ask the waiter to tone down the spicy (something I have never done before, but will the next time I am here). Julie's quesadilla with mole sauce was excellent. So was her jamaican jerk chicken with pieces of mango in it. When we arrived the place was pretty empty; but by the time we left, the place was packed.  The place is very casual and BYOB.  Don't expect an upscale meal here.  But the food is extremely fresh and different.  A great part of the SH scene.
4	Casa Rasta just opened in this new location. I'd never been to the other location, but I've been by twice this week and I have nothing but good things to say. The staff are really friendly, the food is fresh and fantastic, and the place is rather inexpensive. It's well worth the drive from Pittsburgh proper and right across the way once you're through the fort pitt tunnel.
5	Everything about my meal was great. From the rice to the beans to the meat, the attention to detail is perfect. Highly recommended.
5	The best just got better. This place just opened up where the old Lunardis was. It looks great on the inside but I must admit I liked being in the close old huddled 2 table rasta. This has more of a sit down feel to it.But the one thing that didnt' change is the food. It just keeps getting better and better. The specials are awesome on the weekends and the Live Music on Reggae Nights adds to the already chill atmosphere. The service is great and the staff are very friendly. Also the food comes out quick so a great place to go for lunch.My favorite items are the Jerk Chicken Tacos and the Taquitos whenever they are available.
5	We've eaten here twice now and enjoyed it both times.  My 9-year old daughter LOVES the rice.  The black beans are perfectly cooked and delicious on their own or with the rice.  I got the same thing both times because it was so good - both vegetarion options as tostadas.  The guacamole and salsas are very yummy and the chips are some root vegetable that I can't recall but they were perfectly crisp and delicious with the salsa and guac.  It's BYOB.  We'll definitely be going back.
4	Casa Rasta has moved a few doors upstreet from its old location (now in the former Lunardi's location, which has closed).  One thing I miss is not being able to see the staff cooking and talking with them when they have a moment.  But there is more seating with a very nice atmosphere.The menu is limited.  Check it out on their website.  Some specials on weekends. We stopped by over the weekend and there were a couple of specials.  One was a sandwich with your choice of meat that came with black beans and avocado that we split and had along with a couple of tacos.  All the food was very fresh and flavorful.  Also, there is complimentary homemade salsa. Jarriots soda for a drink or BYOB.
4	National Margarita Day, so decided to go to CR and eat in the new location last night.  Yes, Friday was National Margarita Day!CR is still BYOB but if you want a Margarita, CR has all the mixers and will make your Margarita.  Just bring the alcohol.  Most tables and groups at the bar seemed to have either a bottle of wine or their favorite beer, as well as a few Margarita's.  Found out it was the first day for the New Expanded Menu!There was a 30 minute wait for a table and not much room to wait.  Had fun talking with the others waiting for a table and a couple at the end of the bar. Service good!  New menu items were good!  Enjoyable larger restaurant!  Larger but still relatively small so you may have to wait or do take out.   Good food and a fun place to eat!
4	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday before they started cranking out their new menu which they let me preview.  I was happy to try their veggie options just for fun. I went with the tofu chorizo concoction which was interesting but what do I know since I'm not a full blown veg or anything, but it was tasty and and that is all I have to say. Then I tried their veggie tostada which was surprisingly good, that I actually ordered another one.  I stopped by real quick and the place filled up for lunch by the time I was leaving. The server was very friendly and was able to explain a lot about their new menu and handled the large amount of people that came in over the course of the 30 minutes or so that I was their. With this simple taste test I will definitely be coming back to try this place out for their full on flavor, I think it is going to be a good addition.
5	I enjoyed my first trip to Casa Rasta.  (There will DEFINITELY be many, many more visits, this just happened to be the first.)Our server, Kim, was warm and inviting.  I asked her about the history of the restaurant and she explained it is family owned and most of the employees are friends.  It really shows that these people know and like each other.A  friend recommended this restaurant me when I was complaining that I usually send my food back at chains restaurants because the food doesn't taste as good as  prices would suggest.  The prices at Casa Rasta could double and it would still be worth the cost.The dining room is small so we were advised to make reservations for weekend evenings.  The interesting artwork on the walls is from local artist and is for sale, which I liked.I don't even know where to start with the food. I like spice, spice and more spice.  The salsas fit the bill.  The guacamole had a lot of flavor.  The beans... oh the beans... were fantastic.  I'm from the southwestern US where beans are an art form and these were as well prepared as I have ever had.  The flautas was crispy and well seasoned.  The jerk chicken wings were delicious. Even the Yucca Chips were good, although, for some reason, I expected them to be warm and they weren't.  Nothing on the menu suggested the Yucca Chips were warm, so that was just me.  They were still really good.To sum it all up, I was delighted.  The service, the food and the prices were better than any chain in the Pittsburgh area.  The food was delicious.  I wish I had found this little gem earlier.
4	I'm sad Lunardi's left, but I'm glad that Casa Rasta has a new spot. The pork burrito I had here recently was huge and delicious as was the guacamole, the salsa, and and the yucca chips (sort of like potato chips). Their food is pretty reasonable too.
5	The new joint is bigger and better than ever! I cannot tell you how much I love this place. I want to shove never ending $7 citrus marinated pork burritos in my mouth! I hate to say it, but it competes with Reyna's tacos for me. Sorry kids. There might be a new burrito ruling the mean streets of Pittsburgh!AND, now that their space is bigger, their menu is as well! Fried Avocado... may take the place of a fried pickle in my book. Delicious! Spicy gauc with yuca chips. Okay, pile on some more! They now even have bonafide entree items.It doesn't get much better than this. But WAIT, it will... when they get their liquor license. I can imagine nights of margarita drinking on their patio (that I think they'll have down by their old location??). BYOB for now, so bring your mixers for their tasty bevvies. This place is dangerous for me, as it's in my hood. But at least I don't have far to roll myself home!
5	I want to just say WOW and leave it at that, but i'll go into a bit of detail.My boyfriend celebrated his birthday last week and was agonizing over whether or not to go to Casa Rasta. He was afraid that his Pittsburghese parents would either be a.)underwhelmed by the decor of the place (we were unaware that they had moved a few doors down at first) or b.)overwhelmed by the type of food and the corresponding spiciness.It was a nice surprise when we arrived and the new location was more spacious and aesthetically pleasing than the last, so we were saved there. Decor is fun, with art from local artists on the walls for sale. Casa Rasta is BYOB; we luckily remembered to bring a bottle, for which the cork fee was $4 if I recall correctly.Onto the food.Two in our party got fish tacos (which I of course mooched), they were certifiably delicious, and spicy. I ordered jerk chicken tacos which were great, especially with the mango chunks and cool drizzle of avocado crema on them. Spicy too, of course. Boyfriend got chicken flautas, I did not try them but he demolished the plate in no time. The guacamole served with it was on par though, a good sign for a restaurant that serves such. Servings are perfectly sized, fyi. I don't recall what my S.O.'s mother got, but his dad got jambalaya. It is made with habanero and there's no adjusting the heat. His dad was dying of spiciness, but managed to clean up pretty well. That's where my drunk self came in: I finished the plate of jambalaya up for him. My mouth was on fire but I couldn't stop taking bites of it. A+ on that dish. We also ordered chocolate truffles for dessert (yum!) and cheesecake. The cheesecake is made at the restaurant and we all agreed that it was probably the best cheesecake we'd ever had. It was so fluffy and soft, I could have used it as a pillow. Just kidding, or am I?Next time I would like to try the ezquites, chile rellenos, and seviche. Overall, a nice variety on the menu (with some yummy lookin' vegan options!) and the prices are very reasonable.
5	Hands down the best tacos in Pittsburgh.
5	Wow.Found this restaurant here on Yelp, and figured I would give it a try.  I was not disappointed!  Appetizer - Avocado fries.  These were crispy and perfectly cooked, although I would have liked a few more of them!Dinner - Tacos of course!  I had the beef, jerk chicken, and chorizo verde tacos.  All were very well seasoned and cooked nicely.  Tacos are on soft corn tortilllas, and are small enough to finish off in about 4 bites.  I like that the main ingredient is the meat, not large amounts of lettuce and pico like you see in many places.  No cheese either, which was not missed.  Fresh cilantro, mangoes, and onions kept each of my tacos bright and really tasty!Dessert - I wasn't going to have any, but my waitress talked me into the truffles, which were amazing.  Chocolate truffle with whipped cream in a phyllo cup with a piece of dried kiwi to garnish.  Small, beautiful, with a surprise chili inside for a bit of kick to wrap up the meal.  Very nice!Only con:  no alcohol (BYOB only), and I would have enjoyed a nice margarita with such a tasty meal.
2	Am I missing something?Given the excellent reviews I dined here with great expectations.  The tacos were so lack luster I thought--the chef is having an off night.  I came back the very next night to try this place again and it was WORSE!I'm sorry, I SO wanted to like this please because I.LOVE.TACOS.  Who does not love tacos?  How can a taco possibly go wrong?  I just don't know what happened.The tortillas are made in house, but they taste like they were deep fried and are mushy.  I had the carnitas tacos and they were completely bland.  Everything needs salt, which honestly is kind of refreshing considering most restaurants over salt every thing.  This taco was basically wet soft meat in a mushy tortilla.  Queso fresco and some ripe tomatos could have saved this taco but neither was an option.  You get meat, in a soggy tortilla, with onions on it.  There are home made salsas available but both only added heat. not flavor.The next night I came back and tried the fajitas.  You get a pile of gristly meat over pungent red peppers.  No cheese, no guacamole, no anything but meat and peppers to put in your soggy tortilla.I am confused by all the great reviews.  This place is right next to Davio's and the entire time I was dining here I kept thinking how much better my meal would be if I were having dinner at Davio.The staff is very friendly, but the food...  I honestly am so confused by the good reviews.  I really want to like this place.  The food is AWFUL.Two stars for the friendly staff.
5	We have been eating here since they started in the small space down the street. We eat here at least once a week sometimes more. We can't stay away for long because everything is quite reasonable and delicious. Go-tos are the Pulled Pork Tacos and the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Quesadillas. Owners are really nice people and you can't beat the Reggae on Thursday nights. Really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. We even spent our Valentine's Day there.
2	My first choice was beef tongue. They don't serve beef tongue any more, even though it's still on the menu. My second choice was ceviche. They don't serve ceviche even though it's still on the menu. Choice #3, the discada skillet, was a microscopic portion of ground meat, maybe $1.25 worth of ingredients for $12. Okay flavor, but not hot or spicy in the very least. Also, listening to  the loud but ultra-classy conversation from three tables over about eating your own boogers was the only thing that made me glad I only had a thimbleful of food to digest. I was pretty hugely disappointed, because if all you do is look at the menu, you would think this is a place that has it going on.  Don't see me going back there again, unless I stop at Mexicasa on the way home.
5	A neighborhood favorite for sure. Food is awesome. A little annoyed over the newly added "corkage fees," and, I would think they'd be waived of you also ordered a drink from them. (They are one of the few places to carry Jarritos!) Anyway,  the chocolate beef tacos are my favorite. Also the avocado fries. They allow dogs outside (for now,) which we love,  even though one of the servers made some very stereotypical and ignorant comments about our very docile pitbull once when we were eating there on the patio. Not the best for customer service. Another server ended up bringing us a water bowl. But whatever, small potatoes compared to the food.Still, I have yet to taste a bad thing on the menu.
4	Unique spin on Mexico flavors and some evil good jerk wigs.  Now that their new location is open, they've had some typical growing pains learning to service a full dinning room (they previously only had 4-5 tables and a patio), but I expect it to pick up.The expanded menu at the new location is a great blend of cheap eats (taco's etc.) and unique finds (goat curry).  Be sure to make a reservation as it gets packed and BYOB, so bring along a few of your favorite brews.
5	I am a recent transplant to Pittsburgh from Chicago, which is a serious foodie city. I must say, though, that Casa Rasta has been one of the best places I have eaten in either city! As a vegetarian, I am used to most restaurants only having a couple options for me. However, the menu at Casa Rasta is amazing for vegetarians! For an appetizer we had the avocado fries and yuca chips, which were delicious. I am not usually a fan of avocado, but these were great. For our entrees we had the coconut tofu and potato flautas. Both were fantastic. The coconut tofu was a little spicy for my dinnermate, but I thought it was perfectly fine (he is a 0 spice kind of guy). We finished it off with a yummy chocolate-hazelnut cheesecake. I keep thinking about going back because there were so many other vegetarian options that sounded great that I wanted to try. The restaurant is very small and byob. If you go during normal dinner hours, be prepared for a short wait.
5	I can't get enough of this place!!!  The first few times I came here I ordered the tacos and some appetizers.    They were awesome! We have since come back many times and the food is always amazing!  Great place
2	Considering what I read from all the reviews I thought I'd really enjoy Casa Rasta. On my visit I ordered the Queso Fundidos with Green Chorizo which was supposed to be "spicy" but it lacked spice and had no flavour definitely wasn't too impressed.But I didn't let that stop me too much. I then went on to order the Jamaican Jerk Chicken, CItrus Marinated Pork, and the Roasted Pork Tacos. Still a little lack luster in flavour. I don't know when I think Mexican and I think Carribean cuisine i think loud bold flavours. Casa Rasta nice try but you're not doing it for me. Maybe I'll try Casa Rasta again but I don't think I'll be making a trip out to Beechview JUST to go to Casa Rasta.
5	So can we talk about how I used to live in Beechview  a block away and this place was just a little taco place?! I had gone there a few times before... But moved away this past winter! I had no clue that it was turned into a restaurant! We liked the food then, but it is SO much better now! We started with the wings (ok... nothing too special). I had heard from several people to try the ribs.... Sweet baby jesus I was glad I did!!! They were AMAZING!!!!!! Awesome amount of spice (maybe a little too much for some people) and sweetness! I am already craving these and it's been 2 days only! We also split a couple of tacos that we both knew we liked from the past! I love the Al Pastor and my husband always gets the birria (beef) tacos. I remember from the past that the burritos were awesome too. After we were completely stuffed... But we STILL needed to try some dessert. The chocolate hazelnut cheesecake was awesome! I work at the Cheesecake Factory so I really didn't want to eat cheesecake.... But the waitress convinced me it didn't take like cheesecake and more like a mousse.... And it was completely worth it! I wish I still lived in Beechview and could go back daily... But I will definitely be making the 15 minute drive back.... Probably a lot!
4	Without reading much of the previous reviews, we had an evening planned at the Turkish Cultural Center for a free Turkish film, and did a general scan for something interesting to eat in the neighborhood, and Casa Rasta caught our attention. I did glance through the reviews, and saw that there was quite a mixed bag, but we thought oh well, what the heck, let's decide for ourselves.Mexarribean? So the plan was to meet at 5:00 pm, and two of us got there just a few minutes before, still waiting on the third. We were greeted at the door by a very friendly Woody Allen-ish boy in a tie-dye t-shirt, who seated us just inside.  We checked out the menu, which look quite intriguingly enticing, and our server came over to take a drink order, and possibly encourage an appetizer.Now I see several reviews whining about bad service, and I have to say, I guess this was our lucky day...because the stunning young gal that took care of us was incredibly friendly and helpful. She was pretty, polished, helpful, well spoken, and FAR from the usual grunting yinzer, or angst ridden art school student. While waiting for our third to arrive, we ordered Yuca chips and guacamole, a Diet Coke (Yay, more Coke people) and a Ginger Beer. My friend had the ginger beer, and insisted that I try it, and I had to agree with him that it started out with a medicinal kind of blast, followed by a somewhat intense burning in the back of the throat. I stuck to my Diet Coke. Then suddenly Woody Allen shouted out my name from the bar, and said that our other friend was running behind, but would be there shortly. We waited for the Yuca chips, and the server came over and said that she was very sorry it was taking so long, but that they were actually in the process of starting them all from complete scratch, fresh, even to the extent of shaving the Yuca into chips as we spoke. Our friend actually arrived just moments before the Yuca chips, and they were TOTALLY worth the wait. Sliced VERY thin and perfectly fried, and the guacamole would only have been fresher had they made it tableside. Very flavorful guac as well, not just thrown together. So now it was time to place the order for the meal. David ordered a roasted pork quesadilla, Donald ordered a shrimp fajita, and I ordered a steak burrito. And shortly after we'd practically licked the guacamole bowl clean, the entrees arrived. Donald's eyes rolled back in his head after the first bite of shrimp, which were very nice size, and coated with the perfect amount of seasoning. He proclaimed them delish.  David moaned in delight on the first bite of the pork quesadilla, and again insisted that I try a nibble of the pork. I have to say, it was worth the moan, and a few extras. Beautiful seasoned, with a hint of coconut, good cheese, and TONS of flavor in the juicy pork. Not the usual dried out pork. This was excellent.The steak in my burrito was juicy and nicely seasoned, and the burrito was a good meal size. My only complaint was that it didn't come topped with any kind of sauce, but our lovely server brought a couple of different bowls of salsa, one red and one green, freshly made, that I drizzled into the burrito as I munched it down to the nub. I would have liked a little more fire in my spice, but I completely understand where I am. So many Pittsburgher's cry when they simply SEE a bottle of hot sauce...put in a scotch bonnet? Not on their life. (and NO, it's NOT a hat!) So most foods here that would normally be a challenge to a spice loving tongue have been pandered down to please the pierogi tongues. After dinner, David opted for dessert, and was won over by the description of the home made hazelnut cheesecake, that the server told us the owner made herself. She described it as more like a mousse than a cheesecake, and she was right. It was spectabulous! My only suggestion to them on the dessert would be: COME ON! If you're going to make something THAT from-scratch scrumptious, put away that can of spray whipped cream! It's so easy to make shipped cream from scratch, and my goodness did that cake deserve that extra touch!The place developed a very pleasant little crowd in the hour we were there, the server was always present and friendly, keeping the water and soda filled, and the dishes cleared, in addition to making genuinely helpful suggestions.The bill for all that we ate only came to around $44, so this was really a very worthy stab in the dark new restaurant try. If we end up in that neck of the woods for another event at the Turkish Cultural Center, which I'm sure we will, Casa Rasta will be the first place we check into for dinner.VERY pleasant experience indeed.
5	Excellent !! Carribean Jerk Chicken and rice from Casa Rasta at the Taste of Beechview,just delicious. Will be back soon.
2	All I can say is that I was disappointed with my entire experience here. Starting off with the service. When we walked in the place was packed but the server who greated us said that we could wait in the "bar" area and that she would let us know when a table was ready. While we waited at the "bar" the guy who was working their asked us if we wanted any appetizers while we waited and we asked for some of their yucca chips and salsa. Apparently they were out of the yucca chips just like the last time I was here. Come on it's 6:45pm on a Friday and you are out of chips and salsa?!?!? We reiterated to the guy working at the "bar" that we were waiting on a table. After 1 hour and multiple couples without reservations (we were sitting near the door and they asked everyone who came in if they had reservations, none had any.) were seated prior to us we opted to just eat at the bar. This presented the next hurdle since the guy behind the bar thought we were waiting on a table he paid no attention to us and we had to waive someone down. We each ordered a taco and a burrito, with a side of mexican rice and beans. The Tacos were not overly enticing, They tasted okay but the fact that they were luke warm as was the burrito, I was not impressed. The Black beans were so salty that they were inedible, they should have been dumped and I love salt. The new menu that I was told would be rolled out in the near future when I visited a few months ago is not to be. Heck the menu that they do have has actually lost some items by simply blacking them out. In the end it took us 2 hours to eat a taco and a burrito each. To be honest I would have rather went the grocery store and cranked up a tastier dinner in less time for less. It appeared that their system of operation is chaotic and disorganized.I do give them five stars for the authenticity of a tourist trap in the Caribbean, you all know ,you see a place while traveling that looks legit and then a few hours later you finally get outta there and wish you wouldn't have wasted your time.
4	As much as I really want to give Casa Rasta a 3 star update, their food and the laid-back byob atmosphere continue to be its saving grace.Unfortunately, that same laid-back environment is its biggest downfall.  After a bad experience at Casa (following what were typically good experiences at their original smaller location) we decided to give it another go.  Unfortunately, the same issues we experienced when they moved to their larger location endure months later.  On two occasions now, a majority of the menu has been unavailable and the service has been downright terrible.  Long wait times following being seated, infrequent visits, and worse of all, 1-1.5 hour plus waits for simple food that doesn't really dictate that kind of turnaround.Casa Rasta will likely pull me in one more time before the end of summer (I can't help it), but a third strike will definitely put this promising establishment out of my repertoire of go-to's.
3	Casa Rasta has very good food but I'm still not convinced that it will be part of my regular restaurant rotation.  If you're hungry for decent Mexican/Caribbean fare, by all means go.  The food won't disappoint you and our waitress was wonderful -- very engaging but not over the top and annoying.  Our wait wasn't excessive but it was a bit trying, and it was also freezing -- we had to move tables.   CR has also landed a new location, perhaps after they work out some of the kinks, they can focus on the decor, which still has remnants of the previous restaurant Lunardis.  That aside, food was great -- I had a chorizo burrito, my husband had a goat burrito and my son had jerk chicken wings.  For dessert, we had a chocolate cheesecake that was far less cheesecakey than it was mousse-like.  Delicious.
5	The GUACAMOLE. Get it. So yummy with the yucca chips. For dinner, I had the delicious jumbalaya in all of its spicy two-different-kinds-of-chorizo goodness. The service is super friendly. The atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable - definitely a quaint spot I'll be returning to frequently. A tad on the pricey side, but well worth it in my opinion. Highly recommended.
5	This inconspicuous little place is a hidden gem and is an excellent place to lunch.Inexpensive Caribbean-themed menu with many choices including curried shrimp or jerk chicken tacos. Lots of vegetarian choices as they have vegetarian Chorizo and bean options.I like the Mexican coke in glass bottles made with cane sugar instead of corn syrup. They also have other Mexican bottled beverages that you wouldn't normally encounter in Pittsburgh.They've expanded their menu recently to include more entree sized dishes. This place is not for everybody but for us it is a home run.5 stars for the price, variety, and quality of the food.
4	My star rating may be a bit over exaggerating but I felt like this place had the makings of a 4 star experience.  I also was extremely hungry when I went here so most anything would have tasted wonderful.We ordered the yucca chips and guacamole.  It would have been really great if it wasn't doused in a pound of salt.  You had to literally wipe the salt off the yucca chips.  The guac tasted salty too but I think if the yucca chips were normally salted this would have been a perfect combo because the guac tasted fresh and the chips were light and crispy.I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken taco and the Beef taco.  I had originally placed an order for the shrimp a la Diabla taco but we were told they ran out of shrimp.  I asked for a recommendation from the waiter and he mentioned that if I liked spicy food I should go with the Jamaican Jerk Chicken taco.  However after receiving both the chicken and beef taco - the beef definitely packed some heat while the Jamaican Jerk wasn't as sizzling as he suggested. Also the chicken did not look like chicken, it looked like beef but didn't have a strong beef flavor so I was utterly confused by what I was putting in to my mouth trying to discern the mystery meat.  They may have used dark chicken meat or it was saturated in some colored flavoring that made it unidentifiable to the naked eye and unsophisticated palette.  In any event, this wasn't  the star of the show.  I would highly recommend the Beef (Carne de Birria) taco.  It's byob which is a plus and the staff was very friendly and we came about 30 minutes prior to closing so there's something to be said about that.  I would definitely return and explore the menu.
2	I don't like giving low star reviews but i'm sorry my experience here was very poor. The two stars are for the food but i would give five for the environment and decorations.When we first came in it was pretty crowded even for a wednesday night at 7:30. They had 2 or 3 open tables but they were too close to other people so we sat at the bar. There was no sign saying please wait to be seated or seat yourself and it appeared that the host was also the waiter and maybe even the cook. Once we sat at the bar a woman greeted us and provided us with menu and asked us what we would like to drink. I asked for a margarita and she said "do you have tequila." i didn't understand the question seeing that this was a bar and tequila is what is served in a margarita. Then she says that they don't have a liquor license but if i had brought my own they could prepare one for me. I was completely caught off guard especially since they have bar glasses that hang above their drink station and a whole rack of what are now empty wine bottles. Very misleading..BYOB is cool but don't have a bar look exactly like a bar then tell me you don't serve alcohol, what a rip! They even had one of those rubber drink mats that said Patron tequila on it so what the hell?? Any who, I asked for a virgin margarita that she said she could make and of course after 30 minutes she must have forgot because it never arrived at the table. I decided to just go with a water and one of the bottled mexican sodas, Jarritos. We ordered the avocado fries which was $8 so I assumed we would receive plenty. When the plate arrived it was a measly 6 slices of avocado with salsa evenly placed around a plate on a bed of lettuce. (see photo) I was like WTH is this. $8 for these little slices, It had to be only half of an actual avocado and the fact that i was splitting it with my sister made it even worse. After the app we looked over the menu which appeared to have alot of good choices. I chose the potato flautas and my sister order the curry goat.Each meal came with rice and beans, for mine it was mexican rice and hers was coconut rice. We waited about 15 minutes for our food to arrive and when it finally did boy did it look dry! The rice on both our plates was not moist at all and looked like it had been sitting wayyyy too long on the plate. My dish said it came with sour cream and lettuce which were both missing. I asked for the cream but she didn't even notice that the lettuce was missing. Before she brought my food she told me that they had run out of potato flautas so i said chicken was ok. Expecting chicken in my meal i bit into it and discovered that it was potato. I find it strange that you don't know what dish your serving your customers. The flautas were premade not in the store but probably from a box and they tossed large pieces of shredded cheese on top of the flautas which only partially melted so it just peeled off like dried elmers glue. Thy shell was way to thick and there was almost no potato inside. The beans were flavorless like they came straight out of the can and were just heated. The rice was ok but it also tasted like it came out of a box and had been sitting wayyyy too long. My sisters meal was nothing to rave about either. She ordered the curry goat which once it came to her table was very dry with no curry on it whatsoever. When you think of curry you think of a thai place that makes it like a sauce for your rice. I've had plenty of caribbean food and this curry was not what real curry was supposed to be. they should have said curry flavored instead of curry goat. When she asked for more  sauce the waitress went to the kitchen and then returned saying that the curry is prepared with the dish so that there was no extra sauce on the side. WHAT??? How do you not have extra curry when it is essentially a sauce. I mean really people, it was like pulled pork without the BBQ sauce. (see pic) Her rice was dry and flavorless as well. Coconut rice is supposed to be sweet and a lil saucy but this stuff was like steamed white rice you get at a chinese spot. The only thing we ended up enjoying was the guacamole because it was very thick, creamy and had a little spice to it. Other than that all the rest of the food wasn't even worth my taste buds time.My hubby came late and ordered a burrito with marinated pork. they brought out the burrito but with no sauce. He opened it up to see what was inside and it was 90 percent rice and beans and a few spoons of pork shreds. It tasted alot better than our meal but the fact that it came out dry AGAIN just left me shaking my head. After we finished our meal I was ready to pay and go. Unfortunately my hubby was talked in to ordering dessert. I protested but he couldn't resist. he ordered the churros and my sis got one of their truffles. The churros looked great when they came out but they were overcooked. the truffles were nothing to rave about either. Everything was DRY DRY DRY..I won't be going back!
5	How have I not reviewed my favorite Mexican fusion restaurant? I've only eaten at the restaurant once and had a nice time. I'm a big "to go" customer. I'm knocking off a star as they have forgotten to pack salsa a couple times. This is a high crime as there salsa verde is sublime. Vegetarians, I insist you try the soyrizo and/or poblano and potato burritos (sometimes I ask for both in one burrito!) Yes. I am that loco.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review of this place yet! We've been going since they were two doors down and the food is just as excellent as it ever way. I always order the soyrizo burrito. It is amazing. My husband likes variety so we have tried a lot of their menu and wow is it excellent.
5	Awesome service,  fantastic citrus marinated pork burrito,  and the atmosphere was soooo chill!
4	We accidentally found this small unassuming but attractive restaurant when nearby Davio was closed. Standard Mexican fare with some innovative twists. I had fried duck - often a risky choice in any restaurant - the tendency is that the duck is not fresh or over-cooked and dry. I was pleasantly surprised to encounter moist tasty duck meat with delicious side order of mashed potatoes. Salad was fresh - a bit lemony as per Mediterranean taste. Corn soup was tasty but too salty as is typical of Pittsburgh restaurants. Chocolate hazel nut cheesecake was good but a too sweet for my liking. Excellent friendly service. Highly recommended.
5	This new location is wonderful and you can BYOB and they have reggae music periodically.Service always good, meals are wonderful, seasoned perfectly and pretty. Truffle is amazing. Chips and salsa awesome, not poured from a jar. I like the adult centered atmosphere.THey have an awesome quinoa vegan soup!!!!   I had the vegan chorizo tacos. The texture great but it needs to be seasoned more. It tasted sweet and bland.We love coming to this place. It has good vibes and always tasty food. THe food is expertly prepared, not just thrown together like a lot of places.THis is truly an original!!!!!!!!!!!Small portions that really satisfy
4	Great food, atmosphere, and the employees make this little casual restaurant a sure bet! When the chicken tinga special is available, make sure to have it for its delicious! Love this place!
2	I didn't have high hopes for this place considering it's location, but if there's a vegan taco to be had, I'm going to try it. I had some sort of seitan taco and a veggie burrito combo. The taco was boring, served with just seitan, no vegetable to dress it up. The flavors were OK, but I've had way more exciting tacos. The burrito was big. That's about all you could say about it. It had stuff in it, but nothing very interesting. I was super hungry, so it was satisfying enough. The server will ask you if you want chips and salsa, say yes. It's $3 and the green is pretty good. Red was meh. The food aside, the wait staff seemed to have some serious issues. Everyone that worked there seemed to have been hired that afternoon. It was chaotic and an unnecessary amount of people were on the (tiny, tiny) dining room floor all at once. The girl "in charge" seemed to be about an inch away from a full blown panic attack, and there were only 6 tables. It was a bit stressful to watch.Just a warning - If you find reggae music just as unbearable as I do, be prepared. You will hear it here, obviously. I think this place has potential. They need to tweak some menu items, hire a competent waitstaff and purchase furniture that is more than 5 inches off the ground (seriously it feels like you are on the floor). Basically, if this place was another restaurant completely, it would be good. It's BYOB though! And cheap! You park on the street and apparently you should make reservations on the weekends.
3	We ate here for Valentines day and we're really looking forward to their traditional menu.  Unfortunately they had a completely different menu than they usually have so it was a little bit of a let down. We ordered duck and also the lobster (they only had two options). While the duck was very good, I was not a fan of the lobster at all. The quinoa soup was great and the mushroom seviche was very good too.  I just wish we knew about the fixed menu for V-DayThere food is almost Always really good, I just wasn't super impressed with it this time.  Especially not at 40.00 per person
5	Really nice place, super friendly servers...they've all tried everything on the menu and the food tastes extremely authentic.  The art is always different each time I go, but very cool.  It's awesome that they promote local artists.I haven't made it yet, but every other Thursday night they have live entertainment.  Something to look forward to when the snow stops!!!
5	Just go. Seriously. If you don't like it then there's probably something wrong with you. Just moved here from NYC and this place is now our go-to Mexican restaurant.
5	What a hidden GEM! Why this is one of my new favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh: - It doesn't take itself too seriously but you still feel like you're getting a good quality experience and even more important, quality food. - Speaking of, the food....YUM. This menu is wonderful, a WIDE variety of things, many I have never seen in Pittsburgh before. We ordered some of every type of meat (the chorizo was our fav!), some wings, guac (delish!) and the plantains for dessert.- The waitress was great- I think it would be helpful for them to have more than 1 server for the entire restaurant because the poor girl did look a bit frantic at some points but she handled it well for being the only server there. - The cost is super reasonable and allows you to try multiple things on their menu which is great, because believe me, you'll want to. Can't wait to go back!
4	My absolute favorite restaurant. I have been going to this restaurant about twice a month for the past year because it is my favorite. I love the wide variety of choices for vegetarians and picky eaters (like me!). I love the funky and eclectic art and feel too. Every time I am there, the tables are rearranged and there are new art pieces on the wall. I love the cozy feel because I am from the neighborhood and see such great potential for more places like this. I also recommend trying their specialty items. You can't go wrong with frog legs and chips and green salsa. Unfortunately, I have noticed that the prices of the food have been increasing, while the portions are decreasing. I understand that it's business, but the quality in food (though still my favorite) hasn't been on point the past couple of times. The chicken jerk has been fatty, the mango unripe, and a few other issues. Hopefully business booms and things improve because this is my favorite restaurant.
5	Food are full of flavors and reasonably priced. We tried it for the first time today and the presentation of the tacos is just beautiful! Jerk chicken tacos are excellent as well as the curry shrimp one. Will try the rice entree next time, the table besides us ordered the goat rice dish and it looks good.
5	I feel like not so many people know about this place, and they need to! I loved everything about this place. The laid back Caribbean/Mexican feel, with sugar skulls and paintings done by local artists, and the food was great! The queso fundido with red AND green chorizo was AWESOME, I love queso fundido ;) also had pork and beef tacos, we all had different tacos and everything was great!
5	Always delicious food. From lunch to dinner the quality never wavers. If it were possible I'd give it six stars if they acquired a liquor license.
5	Cool place!  Small inside, but big good flavors!  Mexican with a Caribbean twist! Had 3 different tacos on corn tortillas!  Excellent. And a chocolate truffle with some spice to it, delicious! I was told live band Thursday's. Brunch on Sunday. Definitely a place to keep coming back to!
5	Great food, friendly staff, live music! Best part for me is they were an unlisted vegetarian vegan option! Tons of delicious options.
5	Really laid back place - hands down the most awesome jambalaya, the fried avocados were quite good - byob $0.50 per beer
4	We recently met a couple friends for dinner at Casa Rasta on a Friday night. We did not make reservations so we decided to eat outside rather than at the bar (which is now used for seating only as they are BYOB). Everything was going well until it started to rain and we had to attempt to sit a toddler with us at the bar. Make reservations.We started with the chips and guac. I loved that the guac had a nice heat/kick to it. Most guac tends to be bland. I also tried the avocado fries but they were not for me. The creaminess of fried avocado was not a pleasant texture for me though, others at the table liked it. For my entree, I got the flautas. Spicy chicken and onions wrapped in crispy corn shells topped with more guac and onions. The meal came with a side if rice and beans. Overall, I enjoyed the meal. The flautas were tasty but very small for an entree. Other entrees ordered at our table were much larger and contained more meat/fish.
4	The best authentic Mexican/ Carribean food in Pottsburgh! We had the avocado fries, the salsa that came along was the bomb! My husband ordered the goat curry which came along with rice and beans and fried plantains- Absolutely Delicious. There truffle was the most amazing shit I have eaten in a long long time. It's kinda out of the city but very well worth the drive if you like Authentic food.
5	As an update, I took a work-group here (about 20 people) for lunch and it was still great... they were very accommodating of anything my group needed.  People ate and drank like crazy, and it was still only around $400.  Not bad for 20 people.  Just opens up the possibility of this place being good for work meetings, and not just at night...
5	Great Food.. We started w/Avocado fries then had a sample of the veggie tacos, and shrimp diavlo burrito... YumYum!! Server was Great too..!
1	This was awful. I never write bad reviews but this was unacceptable. The service was extremely slow, it took an hour and a half to get appetizers out alone. When food did come out our waitress said "I hope this was worth the wait".  It was not. When the main food came out it was cold, covered in salt and bland. I do not recommend this place to anyone. We sat at the bar and we saw when they took dirty glasses, they dipped them in water and then reused them. What is going on at this restaurant? Stay away!
3	I heard some great things about this place, so I had high expectations.  I wouldn't say my experience was a "normal" one, since we had a party of 12.  Please, keep that in mind when reading this review. I'm sure if you go with two people it would be completely different.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  My only gripe was how long it took to get our food, and it wasn't exactly warm when we finally received it.  The flavors were great, though.  My favorite was the Al Pastor.  I also opted for a Chorizo Verde taco, just because I've never seen green Chorizo until last night!  I think it's pretty cool that you can BYOB liquor and they make margs and mojitos for you.  I personally didn't try one, but the rest of the table said they were awesome.  Overall, this is a great place for the neighborhood, but I'm just not sure if I'd travel from the northeast side of the city to come back.
2	Service here was absolutely horrible. After 15 minutes, we got up and retrieved menus ourselves, and after 20, we had to flag a server down to bring us water. The restaurant was probably about 60% full with plenty of staff and servers.They were out of chips and several other menu items, so we couldn't order their famous salsa. Food was fine, but they brought my soup out with my meal instead of beforehand (I asked for it as a starter). Jamaican jerk sauce was good, but the consistency of the tofu wasn't good.I will not return for a long time, except maybe for take out.
5	Went to Casa Rasta last Friday and we really enjoyed the food and the prices were very reasonable. The place wasn't very busy and they had Bob Marley playing in the background which was a bonus. The interior style was Mexican meets Caribbean and looked really nice which great Tiffany style lamps, thatched roofs and different Caribbean style pictures everywhere. We started out with the Sweet and Spicy Mango wings and those were my favorite. Loved the sauce that came with them and definitely recommend them to anyone. The Shrimp Curry Burrito was our next favorite because the curry taste wasn't extremely strong and added so many great elements to the dish. We also had an assortment of the tacos and all were really good. We especially enjoyed the homemade salsa that we added onto it and nothing was overly hot... at least for me. Casa Rasta is currently a BYOB establishment so make sure you go prepared or be satisfied with a regular beverage.
5	Ive been here about 4 or 5 times now and every time the food is great. The last time the service was a little slow but there were only 2 servers and our server had a large group so I wasnt too bothered. The Avocado Fries are awesome and Im a huge fan of the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Burrito. Im excited to try out the new location in the near future.
2	I am editing my review and adding a star because of the owner's thoughtful and sincere response to my earlier posting. I really appreciate when a business owner takes the time to respond to online reviews and I would love to see this particular restaurant do well. As a vegan it means a lot to me when restaurants offer vegetarian alternatives. While my first experience wasn't the most positive, I can see that others have had much better experiences. It may have been an off day, so I will keep an open mind and maybe stop back the next time I'm in the area.
2	I finally got my husband to try Casa Rasta for dinner last weekend. I was so excited! That didn't last long. He really liked his $10 carnitas torta but my beef tacos ($4 each) looked and tasted like the meat had been sitting out on the counter all day long. Dry and unappetizing, to say the least. My husband may have liked his sandwich, but the meat had the same problem, dried out to the point of being crunchy on the edge (unintentional crunchiness for this dish). My tacos looked so lonely and naked sitting on the plate all curled up at the edges with hardly any condiments on them. I did add the complementary red and green salsas which helped enormously. At Mad Mex you get three tacos and beans and rice for $12-14 and they are so much better. We were there on a Saturday night and it was busy, so I don't understand dried out and tired food. Our server looked like he came straight from performing in High School Musical. The whole place seemed to run by high schoolers. He was nice but so awkward I thought he was performing from a script. We also had the avocado fries appetizer. I'd had this before and loved it but this time the $8 charge got me half of a very small avocado and the app was brought out with our meal. It wasn't hot, my tacos weren't hot, but oddly enough, my husband's torta was. Like everything else sat around and waited for the torta to be prepared. I loved this place when it was small and struggling. Success seems to have gone to their heads.
4	I have been going here since it was two doors down, with hardly any seating. From day one, the food has been fresh and delicious.At the old location I had always gotten a chorizo and pulled pork quesadilla, washed down with a lime jarrito's. It was xtremely satisfying and also very inexpensive. Since they have moved, I have tried to be a little bit more daring with my choices. The last time I was there I had both the chiles en nogada and the avocado fries. The chiles en nogada has been, hands down, the best item I have had on the menu. The peppers are oozing with cheese. The cream sauce with goat cheese and pomegranate seeds take the dish to an entirely new level.The avocado fries tasted fresh and were nice and crisp. The isleno sauce that they come with isn't quite a sauce (it is more of a tapanade), but it is still delicious.I highly reccomend going to Casa Rasta and enjoying a delicious blend of traditional Mexican flavors with a Caribean flare.
5	This place is amazing.   I have never had such unique and fresh food.  I slot of their food is vegan oriented and our server told us they use all organic food.   You can always taste the difference.   It is a small place so when it gets busy(which happens often) it make take a while but it's worth it.   It only seats about 30 people so if your one of those people who likes to complain about how long it takes to get your food this place may not be for you.   Personally I can never get enough of their food.  My favorite is the jambalaya.  It's spicy and has a little if everything.
5	I enjoyed the food here when they only had a few little tables outside under an umbrella. They moved a few doors down and are now even more awesome. Byob (by the bottle for beer so treat yourself to a nice 22oz to bring in), salsas are great, chorizo - I usually order 3-5 tacos/quesadillas/burritos (mix them up) with all different flavors. Breakfast on the weekends is also incredible. My brother from California got their Goat and loved it. This place is legit
5	My husband and I went for lunch at Casa Rasta last week. It was so good! I'm so proud of small businesses in Pittsburgh and this is one of them that I really praise for so many reasons. The food is affordable, I like that it's BYOB and there isn't a bar full of drunk people, it's quiet, the staff is nice, and the food is great.    We had the chips and two salsas, I had a chicken taco, and my husband had the vegetarian taco. All were very good and the staff was polite, fast, and not overbearing. We were filled up and actually still full past dinner time and our entire bill was less than 15 dollars.     It's so important that we support local businesses like this one. If we don't, our city streets will be filled with Taco Bells inside of Walmarts. Keep the love going for this place and others like it.
4	There were only 2 other occupied tables when I walked in for dinner on a weeknight. It was pretty quiet but there was some Bob Marley & the Wailers music playing the whole time. This was my first time here and I ordered the avocado fries, which were good, but they didn't blow me away. I also noticed that a lot of the items on the menu say they are spicy but I got the shrimp fajitas, which were marked spicy, and there wasn't a kick to it at all. But that is in no way a complaint. They were actually very very good and came in such a large portion. I was extremely satisfied!There is no parking lot for this location, so we parked on the street, which I believe is free after 6 in that area (but don't quote me on that!)
4	This place is a little slice of heaven tucked away in Beechview--I'm not sure I would've gave this place a second glance save for the outstanding Yelp reviews. If you love Mexi-type fare, this place is certainly for you. I went with a friend for an early dinner on the weekend, and the place was empty when we started, but overflowing by the time we left. If you have a larger party, you should consider making a reservation. The place is also BYOB, and they have a fantastic margarita mix I highly recommend to tequila lovers. It was just the perfect mix of sweet and citrusy, and I believe you get unlimited mix with corkage fee.The space is cute with great art, and they have outdoor seating for warmer days. They also seem to do a hearty take-out business, which I'll have to remember for those strictly sweatpants kind of days. We ordered the Avocado Fries to start, and they were FANTASTIC. The concept of fried avocado sounded odd, but based on recommendations, we couldn't pass them up. They were crispy but avocao-y inside, and the sauce complimented the flavor perfectly. We also order the Flautas half veggie and half chicken. I just kept chomping on the little taquitos. They were delicious, and a great dish to share. I know I need to go visit again, because I spent the majority of my meal staring/drooling at what other people ordered. The menu is large and varied, and I'll be back again soon to try more dishes out.
1	Decided to try this place after looking it up online......Never Again! Horrible food. Server was very unaware of what was going on. Every question asked about the menu she had no clue.  You can definitely tell the difference between someone who enjoys their job and someone who is just there for a paycheck. Not to mention food being unavailable. We ordered the Jambalaya, Coconut Tofu and Jerk Tofu..... horrible. The rice was not cooked all the way. Food was hard and very bland!  The Jambalaya was straight out of a Zatarain's with some Jamaican seasoning... as a business owner, professional chef, West Indian, world traveler and foodie this was by far the worst food I have ever had... overpriced and underrepresented..... Waste of money...Staff needs to be trained better on customer service....
1	We moved to Beechview back in April and Casa Rasta was the restaurant we visited to celebrate when we got the keys to our new house. Our first visit there was amazing. So jaw-droppingly amazing that we have tried to go back to redeem all of our bad experiences and we keep leaving severely disappointed. While we hope the service and the food will improve, we are skeptical and have decided to take our support of local businesses elsewhere (particularly to El Milagro, on the other side of Beechview).Our past 5 visits we went they have been out of at least 2 items -- ironically, it would seem, they are always the items that I want to order. So disappointment #1.Since just prior to the opening of their East Liberty location, service has gone down the tubes. We often know more about the food than the servers, and we never have a visit to Casa Rasta last less than an hour -- even when our selections are easy, like tacos and burritos. It often takes at least 20 minutes for someone to come take our order, and then it often takes 30-40 minutes for our food to get out, even when the place is empty. When it's packed, be ready for a 2-hour visit. So, disappointment #2.Additionally, the past handful of visits, at least one person in our party's food has been not just lukewarm, but cold. That being said, you feel like it's hardly worth complaining about because even when you send in complaints via email, you never get a response, and if you mention it there in the restaurant, you'd be waiting another 30 minutes just to get hot food when you've already likely waited for 45 minutes. So, disappointment #3.
4	Good food, but I wasn't a fan of the atmosphere or service. It left a lot to be desired.
