4	I've eaten at this place twice and ordered carry out  several times.  The food is flavorful and delicious, and the prices are decent. You can bring a large group or you can sit at booths along the sides of the large, clean, divided room.  Seating is far enough apart to not give you a crowded feeling.  The decor, though colorful is a tad on the low-cost, plain side, but that is no problem since you come here for a tasty, affordable meal.  The menus are "bound" in colorful fabric with metallic threading. The waitresses are pleasant and personable and dress in colorful Thai clothing.  There is a variety of foods on the menu, mostly Thai but with some recognizable Chinese offerings. Most meals seem to range from around 8 dollars to perhaps 15 but you could order an appetizer for less.  I was a little short on cash but had no problem finding something for 8.95 (a delicious curry).  I will definitely come back and bring friends.  By the way, there is ample parking in the large plaza.Update 2/278/08  They have updated their design to include musical entertainment in the form of karaoke and professional performers. For a while they've had a sign touting their house performer, "Skip Eaton ("skip eatin'? I don't know if a guy with a name like that should be performing in a restaurant).  Everything else is the same - great food, friendly waitstaff.
4	It was great to be able to find a cute little Thai restaurant (at the recommendation of a good friend from High School) to be able to visit while I am home in Las Vegas (going through withdrawals from Thai Taste in New Haven, CT). There are a few dishes that I really just am a sucker for on any given Thai menu, and therefore use them as standards by which to judge the various restaurants. Tom Yum Goong, which is a clear broth soup made with lemon grass, mint, and chili paste and really just is a fantastic starter encapsulating the various flavor combinations which Thai food has become famous for incorporating. Here, they did not have a small, single person serving (lest you wanted this as a whole meal, versus just as a soup on a cold day), but it was so flavorful, I did not mind (nor did the other people at the table who, unbegrudgingly ate their portion). As an entree, I love the noodle dishes, and close to my heart is the Yai Kee Ma-Ow (read: drunken noodles). Here they were chewy and had just the right amount of sauce to coat the noodles, but not to leave them swimming in excess. I ordered them with pork... oh pork, how I love you... which was just on the right side of crispy without being overdone. Finally, for dessert, it does not matter what Asian inspired restaurant one visits, it seems that they all have banana spring rolls... though here we had, what we were told, was homemade coconut ice cream to boot! Yum!
4	Next to Bankok Orchid in Henderson, this is one of the best Thai places in the greater Vegas area.  The staff is super friendly and very attentive (without smothering you).  Their tom kha gung soup is delicious with plenty of mushrooms and shrimp (or chicken) and very flavorful.  The prices are reasonable and the value is definitely there. I never leave hungry!  The decor is lovely and even the waiters wear colorful thai clothing which just adds to the whole experience.
4	This by far is the BEST Thai restaurant here in Las Vegas.  Being from California where there is a good variety of Thai restaurants, it was hard to find a place here in Vegas that could even compare....but we finally did!  The service is wonderful as everyone is very friendly!  We eat here at least once or twice a week and have delivery as well.  Their Thai crispy pork with chinese broccoli, Coconut soup, and Chicken Chili Mint is to die for!!!!
3	It's great that Thai House is so close to my house because I have some major Thai cravings.  That being said, I've found this place very hit or miss.Hits: fresh veggie springrolls, red curry, pad thai, chicken wings.Misses: the soups (I've tried at least 5, and to me they all lack flavor), fried rice, roasted duck.Also, the staff isn't the friendliest.  Even when there aren't many people in the restaurant.  Not rude, per se, just not very welcoming.  And if you come during dinner, expect a considerable wait until you get your food.
4	Good food, but I think they are lying about not using MSG in their foods. MSG makes you very thirsty... But be warned ask for a 10 in spicy, and you might get a 3, ask for a 2 and you get a 9. Very unreliable. They do have great delivery man who will make your order right when they get it wrong, which is often! Overall this is probably the best Thai food in Las Vegas.
4	I have been a very frequent visitor of Thai House. It is right down the street from my house and it is a very good Thai restaurant. I have been to places that have similar quality of food, but the owners of this place make it that much more special. I have been eating Thai food for most of my life and I will continue to eat at Thai House.
5	SOOO good.  My husband and I pick this up quite often and take it home for movie night.Love the Lemon Chicken and pot stickers.  My husband usually gets the soup which is also really good but he likes it spicy and I'm a wimp.  The people that run this place are super nice and great service.  Highly recommend!
5	I give this a 5 star because their Thai Iced Tea is the BEST!!!!!I came to visit my sister and her family and she introduced me to it. She says she always goes and gets the tea there. You can't beat the $3.24 like 64 oz container that they put it in. You get what it's worth if you tell them not to put too much ice. Then you'll get more of the tea than just ice. This is the best. I wish there was one like it here in Seattle.
5	i'm seriously addicted to the panang curry, green papaya salad and the awesome tom yum soup....if only they were open late nite....
1	My wife was feeling ill so I looked for takeout near the South Point where we staying and found this Thai/Chinese restaurant.  The restaurant was both sparsely decorated and patronized early this Friday evening.  I stuck with the basics and ordered pad Thai and spicy chili mint chicken to takeout.  Neither dish was very authentic or good, but they served to fill our bellies
4	A couple years back I went to Vegas with my cousin and we partied our butts off for 3days. Than when it was time to go back home we headed off the main strip aka the strip and went here. Goodness was I in for a treat some of the best and 'real' Thai I've had when I say real I mean it was spicy. Which I love, when I'm back in town I'll be returning here!
4	this place doesn't mess around with their spice!  i order 20-25 "stars" (don't do this unless you're prepared to get your ass kicked) and i've gotta tell you, they're not afraid to burn you a little!  i mean this as an incredible compliment!  most thai restaurants wont make food nearly hot enough for me. LOVE the red curry and tum yum/ka vegetable soups.
4	Yummy! Yummy! Yummy! Over 10 years ago I lived in Los Angeles. They have Thai restaurants almost everywhere and their food and prices were very competitive! I stumbled upon this place and for me, it's the closest thing to a Los Angeles thai restuarant. Everything I've ordered so far has been amazing! I have yet to be disappointed! The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I personally am not a fan of the music entertainment. It's not bad, it's just that when you're dining with friends in that type of setting, I almost always feel I have to compete with the musician/singer. I usually have the pad thai and ask for the "combination". I could eat that whole thing by myself!!!
4	After traveling the world and sampling many Thai resturaunts my boyfriend and I both agree that the food at the Thai House is top notch! We typically take our meal to go as we really don't care for the tv carrying on while we dine. But our favorite dishes are the chicken Panang and the Pad See Ew! The sticky rice is delicious too! Nothing seems to disappoint except perhaps the spring rolls! I, personally, would give it 5 stars but I think there is room for improvement on their spring rolls and decor! My BF, on the other hand would give it a perfect score of 5 stars!
1	The food here is decent, but I won't return after how my boyfriend and I have repeatedly been treated. Everytime we visit the restaurant, it's the same thing. We end up waiting forever to have our orders taken, and the waitresses are rude and never check up on our table. Having a partner who worked in some of the finest restaurants on the strip sit down to a meal with me, and be treated as such, is absolutely apalling. The last straw, was when I ordered a dish, and the taste was fishy and rancid, and the noodles were over-cooked. When I asked for the manager, the girls were extremely rude and combative, until finally, we had the manager come to our table. After politely explaining that the dish simply did not taste edible, the manager was defensive and condescending, and told me that the dish is "supposed to taste like that." The dish was supposed to taste like garbage? He refused to take it off our bill or even swap it out for something else. We paid and left promptly, and never returned. I was shocked. Never have I experienced someone so incredibly rude to me in a dining experience!The lack of customer service greatly over shadows the food. After our third visit with horrible service, we will never be back again.If you want UNBELIEVABLY bad service with management and servers who do not know what they are doing, then by all means, this is the place for you.
5	One of the best Thai restaurant in town. Must try the yellow curry chicken,curry  panang, and mostly the pad Thai!!!! Even the service is very good and friendly.
3	Pad See Ew is alright. I didn't quite like the minced up garlic, but it was good for flavoring. The inside of this palce is nicely decorated, spacious, and clean. I'll need to come back to this place to try their other dishes.
4	I live right around the corner from this place, and i was pleasantly surprised at the great tasting food and wonderful ambiance of this restaurant! I love the rad-na, chicken tomato and yellow curry!  Plus, service is always wonderful, and they are always happy to have you there. Great prices for a good amount of food, not to mention the Thai tea is BIG! Highly recommended.
4	After the first time I ate here, I'm an instant fan!Their lunch specials are pretty awesome! For $6.99 you get a choice of entree, egg drop soup, a chicken wing and an egg roll. The entree choices have the popular thai dishes - curry, pad thai, panang, thai bbq chicken and also a bunch of chinese food entrees - ginger chicken, chow mein, beef broccoli. I always crave their green chicken curry!! The last time, I thought I could handle a level 7 spicyness but it was soooo spicy! I usually can handle spicy food, but that was SPICAAAY! The next time I think I will get a level 5.The staff are very nice and service is excellent. They sometimes have live music. Usually at night time. Very big space and a lot of seating areas. Their take-out service is great too! A definite fave of mine! I'm so glad they are located 5 mins away!
4	Wow! Finally, good food fast. Prepared to specifications and flavorful. They don't skimp on veggies and not greasy. Delivery was fast - food was still hot! So glad to find them.
5	What a great find! My new favorite Thai Restaurant in Vegas.Great menu, good prices, friendly efficient staff. The chef gets the spice right! They ask how hot 1 to 10, when I told them 12 they made it 12!Love this place!
5	Their panang curry is pretty amazing! The service here is also very good. No complaints here!!
3	I will go back  here even though I gave it a 3.  I still recommend this to anyone.1.  They never asked me the heat level of the curries I ordered. Perhaps because I was with kids, and started with a wonton soup instead of Tom Yam, they assumed I wanted no heat level in the spice.2.  I had a very hard time to hear the waitress over the loud music. The musician was great, however, I wanted to talk to my guests and it was a bit harder to do with the music.3.  Ordered Wonton Soup, Rad Na, Red Curry Chicken, Masaman Curry Beef, and this most awesome half chicken fried. Not really a Thai dish, but a delicious fried chicken delicate and flavorful.4.  They have a lot of Chinese food here in case you have to be careful wifh some of your guest and this is awesome. Some of their chinese dishes are absolutely great. How many places do you know you can get steamed fish?? That is special.5.  Service overall was nice. I may have had a younger or new waitress, but also a more senior waitress came by during key times and she was very efficient!I love the decor and the location. Parking is easy and not very busy for a Saturday night.  I am coming back here, because I think I was tired, a bit full from lunch still, and was trying different stuff.  This place seems like it will be a 4-5 the next time I come back.Check it out and try it, you will be pleased!
4	My husband and I are big fans...  Definitely minimal decent Asian take out in the Silverado Ranch area, so this place always hits the spot.  In fact, we always order way too much, so we can eat the leftovers next day.Pork Larb, Singapore Noodles, Chicken Chili Mint are fantastic, but be careful on the spiciness!  They are not kidding around.  My husband usually goes overboard at 7 stars and sweats his way through dinner!
4	I used to love the pad thai here, but a place in LA (forget the name!) has beat is out of the water...theirs in still pretty good though.  Their chicken satay is still my fav though....moist and flavorful.  And the the peanut dipping sauce is tasty too of course.  The service is great here and they packaged all of our leftovers up for us.
5	This is my favorite place to get thai with my friends. The staff is friendly, the prices are right, and the portions are big!
2	After reading the reviews I expected a little more from this place..... It was just ehhhh.....The Thai iced tea was good though, and the bbq chicken was better after I added the spicy chili flakes.  *might give this place another chance but not really counting on it,
4	Thai house is MY house to go eat Thia food in town :) I love this place. It never fails to deliver every time we come here.Favorites!1) Crunchy egg rolls - Crunchy - Yummy2) Tofu Pan Nang- Cocunut and curry based with veggies and tofu...my FAVORITE.3) Padsieu noodles- beefy flat noodles with sliced beef. It is really good.4) Tom Ka soup - spicy soup with coconut juice added. You can add chicken or beef..ext. Soooo good.5) Chicken Satay - OMG the peanut butter sauce is amazing. If no one was looking I would just eat it up all by itself. YUMThis is by far the best Thia restaurant on the east side of Vegas. Food is always good, service is always good and if you are lucky they have live music (usually on the weekends)BEST DEAL- they have awesome lunch specials for (~$5-7) for soup, egg roll, chicken wing and meal. Must go!Love this place.....it's a restaurant staple in my books.
4	I suppose I should be clear and first fess up that this review is based on our delivery experience. We have yet to actually dine in the restaurant itself.Super excited about the fact that they actually deliver - and for a very small, reasonable fee. And you can order online - major bonus in my world.The food was delivered in just over 30 minutes. The packaging was great. No dripping or leaking. Plenty of chopsticks, silverware packets, sauces, and fortune cookies. And two free crunchy egg rolls!The egg rolls were very delicious. Easily some of the best egg rolls I have ever had.The two entrees we ordered were rather unadventurous, but were solidly delicious. The spicy garlic and pepper beef was pretty much just what you would expect. The sweet chili chicken was a big winner with us - excellent batter and extremely delicious sauce. And bonus points for getting the spicy levels just right. (There is a drop-down menu on the online ordering where you can choose how spicy you want each dish you order.)Overall, a very solid delivery experience. One day, we may make it into the actual restaurant. (Perhaps for the karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights?)
4	I believe all families have a restaurant that they frequently go to. It's considered the "usual". You know what I mean, that place that becomes not only a dining experience, but a family tradition where random dinners or celebrations take place. Memories are build and as a result, a soft spot is grown in one's heart. Hate to sound cheesy, but it's true. And for my family, Thai House became that place in Las Vegas. Thai House delivers good food in a somewhat campy environment. Despite having the same cuisine as Pin Kaow, Thai House isn't clad in sleek design and intimate lighting. Instead, you have a mini dance floor, television screens promoting karaoke, and tacky decorations. I always see the same friendly hostess, who is kinda loud and recognizes us. She seems to have the best grasp of the English language and handles a lot of the front dining. Fun fact:  my family came in during a session where an elderly man in a Hawaiian shirt was singing 80's love ballads. Awkward and hilarious at the same time. Such caveats might cause people to leave, but I've learned to embrace the ridiculousness and just roll with it. As for the food, my favorite dishes are their curries, papaya salad (of course), and crispy chicken. They definitely follow the mantra "the more, the better". But I think for the most part, the food is delicious. MSG haters/phobics might want to avoid this place, I can't recall if they had a message on their menu regarding this issue. But you should still give it a shot. Who knows, you might see the same old man covering Mariah Carey's "Hero".
4	Awesome lunch special, delicious and they give you more food. I like the chicken panang, and their Tom yum soup especially! I think I'm allergic to their chicken with chili mint tho, I get hives every time I eat it.
3	This place is really good. I love their Kung pao chicken! It's awesome. A  a couple of negatives though, they do get orders wrong sometimes!
3	I've been here a few times, and each time has been the same. Great service, but so-so food. The last time I went here was for dinner on a Friday night, and to my surprise, they busted out the karaoke machine during dinner. While I'm all for karaoke, when I'm trying to have a conversation with my friends, I'd prefer if I didn't have off-tune singing in the background. A good idea to bring more fun to dining, for sure, but as the night progressed, I couldn't handle the singing anymore. Maybe if the singing had been better...Anyways, this time around, my friend and I ordered the Wonton Soup in a Hot Pot ($7.95)- BBQ pork, vegetables & wontons in a clear soup. I was disappointed when the soup arrived, as it was served in a large bowl, not a hot pot, making for a less than steaming hot soup after a while. I enjoyed the BBQ pork slices and the bok choy in the soup, but the soup itself and the wontons in the soup were too sweet. Needless to say, we didn't finish our big bowl of soup. In past visits, I've tried:Tom Yum Soup- too sourGreen Curry- too sweetThai BBQ Chicken- large portion, but the chicken was too dryMaybe I need better luck next time when choosing what I should eat at Thai House, but the dishes I've tried so far have not been amazing. But what has been amazing is the service. I went for a birthday party once, and the servers brought out plates and utensils for the cake that we brought from outside free of charge. Talk about accommodating! All the servers are so nice and sweet that it's hard to not come back to give their food another try.
4	Great Authenic Thai restaurant I've dined in. The soup was great but was left with too many lemongrass and ginger in it...stuff that we cannot eat...Its there just for seasoning..I think its better to put only one piece of each in each bowl for decor...Other than that the food is delicious.
5	This place is great. I've been on a variety of occasions, both with friends and family, and I highly recommend it. I have never been disappointed in the food; from the curry to the pad thai, it's all excellent. The prices are fair, especially if you go for lunch on weekdays (Less than $10 and you get an entree, soup, and your choice of a chicken wing or wantons!) On top of all of that the staff couldn't be nicer! Efficient and friendly, they keep me coming back to try more tasty Thai dishes.
3	Thai food is one of my favorite things to eat so I'm a bit more critical than normal. My boyfriend and I wanted to grab a quick bite in Henderson and I must say, this Thai place is one of the better ones I've tried here.The waitresses were very cordial and the place was clean. We decided to order the usual papaya salad (thai style). The flavoring for it was good, but it wasn't sour enough. We had to ask for more lemons to make it taste better. Next, we ordered the spicy squid w/ green beans and Yai-kee Maow. The spicy squid was actually very good! It was sweet, yet not too overbearing that you can't taste the spice. It's a good dish to share and eat with rice. The yai-kee maow, however, did not impress me at all. I could barely remember eating it. I wouldn't recommend this dish unless you really don't like Pad-see ew which usually is the better choie for flat noodles. I'm going to give this place another try since it's close by and not too expensive. All the dishes ranged from $8-10. I think next time I'll try the more typical Thai dishes.
3	Food is sometimes really good and sometimes not so good. I think its in the sauce. When my curry sauce is thick and not watered down its flavorful. Chicken fried rice is pretty much always good. Its also really hard to communicate with some of the staff if you want to call in a food order.
4	When you walk in it feels weird. Like someone is using the place as a front for a different kind of organization. But that's cool, it adds to the ambience if you look at it the right way. You can pretend you're a secret agent in a movie and the servers are extra attentive because they're afraid for their lives. Yeah, the service is really good even though everything feels dodgy. I am really stuck on the Tom Yum Soup hot pot right now and their Thai Tea is really big and super sweet. (It scares me how sweet it is, so much sugar!) This is a pretty low-key simple place and it took a bad experience at another Thai place for me to realize how much I like this place and just how many times I've eaten here and brought guests with nary a bad experience. They give you generous amounts of food (something I personally get very picky about) and are very convenient in that you can order out. :) They have a nice variety on their menu as well. Gosh, I even turn to their menu right when I get the flu.
4	Consistently good food. I stop here for takeout on my road trips to California. I know that Thai food can be all over the map and Thai House doesn't have a million silly pictures on the wall of famous people (hint, hint fans of Lotus of Siam...) but the value/price ratio is very good.
4	For a valley in the desert, Vegas has a wide selection of Thai restaurants.  And while I am sure that some insufferably overpriced place on the strip offers great Thai dishes, there are few restaurants offering better curry than Thai House Restaurant.How can I best explain this?  Well, let's just say that even if I had a severe neurosis about germs and scrubbed with Purell every 30 minutes, I would still offer to lick the sauce in their Panang Curry (sweet peanut based curry) off the floor . . . yeah, seriously, Off. The. Floor.  It is that good.Given my over-dramatic love of the Panang Curry, why only 4 stars?  Well, it's not the customer service (because the servers are very friendly).  It's some of the Chinese dishes they serve, which are just average.  Not bad, but not amazing.  They have also slightly screwed up a few of my orders.  They're pretty bad at following through on requests to add tofu or vegetables to dishes.  But if you don't want to tweak their Thai recipes with special requests, you will have a great dinner.
4	This place is right by my house so I have been their quite a few times.  I typically get the same few things everytime I go and they never dissapoint.  It is really pretty authentic and the prices are average.  What I get there that I love is the chicken panang, chili mint chicken, and tom yum goong  soup.  All very good.  If it was far away I probably wouldnt go out of my way to go there, but it is definitely a good place if it is nearby.
5	Love this place- eat here almost once a week. The best part is online ordering, they remember what you order, store your payment option and deliver to the min of when they say. Love it!We love the currys, spicy fried rice, spicy chili mint, and all the noodle dishes.
2	This place has really good food and a very good website to order anything on the menu including pictures.The problem lies in customer service.  I initially called and was placed on hold for over 5 minutes before I discovered a website on the menu.  After well over an hour of ordering my food via the website, it still had not arrived so I called the restaurant again.  I spoke to 4 different people, none of which could speak much English and all of them asked for my information all over again.  It took until the 4th person I spoke to to find out that they had not even started my order yet and that it would take another long while before it would arrive.Definitely try the pangang curry if you dare brave the customer sevice.
4	We gave this place a 2star rating in the past for problems we had with the service. But after posting on yelp, the owner of Thai house (Marvin) personally came up to our place of business and apologized. He is a very nice person and we will give the Thai House restaurant another chance. My feeling is that taking responsibility for service is just such a rare commodity in a people. Much respect to Marvin.
5	Great local Thai restaurant.  The owner (wife) is the cook and the husband handles the delivery and operations.  Very friendly and prompt service and great food.  Prices are reasonable as the portions are larger than average for a Thai restaurant (ie, Lotus of Siam).  Our favorites are the Thai Salads, curries and fish.
4	It was one of those nights that we were too busy to cook and had waited way to long to want to go our and pick something up so I decided we should try Thai House since it is close to our house and they deliver. When I pulled up the menu all i could think of was all the different things I had read about on yelp and how all these different Items were amazing, the menu is great and has many many options, I then decided to make my choice.. I went with the Red Curry with Vegetables and chicken... wow wow what is this... I get to select the heat.. Lets go with a 10 I love HOT!The Curry was hot and super tasty and my wife ordered the Pad thai which was also spot on, the only other thing that we ordered that was also perfect was the Chicken Satay with peanut sauce. This place is now one of the go to locations when we just don't want to leave home and we are in the mood for some great Thai food.
5	Excellent food (Pad Prik King).  Spent my 4th of July dinner there, and enjoyed it.  Great Thai Iced Tea!  Will be back.Love the way they bring the food on rolling trays!
4	Ordered Tom Kha soup, satay, fresh spring rolls, duck, pad se ew.  Everything was really good except for the fresh spring rolls which were mostly lettuce. Tom Kha was an excellent blend and balance. If this were in Berkeley, I'd rank it wi the Thai House there, which is my #1 spot for Thai in Berkeley.
3	Not a bad little Thai restaurant.  Considering the area, there aren't a lot of choices here, so this one isn't a bad choice if you live in the area.  I decided to stop by here after a short visit to Khoury's.  I ordered the crab rangoon, and the green curry with beef.I wasn't that impressed with the crab rangoon.  It was over priced, and just not that good.  I liked the cream cheese filling ok, with it's herbs.  The shell however was that store-bought, thin, almost candy like shell.  The sweet and sour was pretty standard as well.  I'd recommend skipping on this particular appetizer.The green curry was a little better.  It was made from the typical canned stuff, along with an herb or two that made it a little unique.  It had some sweetness added to it even though I ordered it without extra sweetness (I don't know if they held back or not on the added sugar).  The dish was served with the standard bamboo, zucchini, and a red and green pepper or two.  The best part of the dish was the beef though.  It was nice and tender, and really easy to chew.  I quite enjoyed it!They had live music on a Wednesday night, which was cool.  Just some older fellow with a guitar, but that is better than no live music!  The service was a bit slow, but they were quite busy for a Wednesday night.  There are a few interesting dishes on the menu that I wish I would have ordered instead of the curry.  I might return if I am in the area to try some different stuff.
4	This is the closest Thai house to my Las Vegas house and I like coming here and ordering out.  The people who work here are always super friendly.  The prices are low considering how much food you get here.  The Pad Thai is not the best that I've had but everything else I've tried here is awesome!  Fantastic Thai tea and coffee.
5	Love this place everytine I go. Good service. Great food and a lovely mom pop feel of atmosphere. Def. One of my fav places to go in Vegas. I Favorite foods are of course Pad Thai, Green Curry, Tom Yum, Fried Shrimp, and Larb to name a few. They have a great Lunch combo and Dinner is perfect for sharing with family and friends. Never had bad service and getting it togo is also great! I have not found a place like this anywhere in vegas yet. Good price good food and good service. A must go.
4	This is a good, solid Thai restaurant in the Southeast Las Vegas area that provides big portions and tasty food. The prices were pretty standard as far as Thai restaurants go, but I was surprised to find they didn't skimp on the meat. My husband and I ordered the tom kha soup, crab fried rice and masaman curry. We were stuffed and still had enough leftovers for dinner.The thai tea was delicious and served in a tall glass - again, they didn't skimp and fill the glass with ice like other places. The only thing they skimped on was the crab in the crab fried rice... crab was practically non-existent.Service was warm and friendly. I love how they packed away all of our leftovers for us. Originally I was going to rate this 3 stars but after finding out that they do online ordering and can deliver as far as Southern Highlands, then my review bumped up to 4 stars. Any restaurant that provides that extra convenience deserves extra brownie points.
4	I'll be honest, I'm new to the world of Thai. It wasn't but a few years ago that I was actually a Thai-virgin. I still keep it somewhat basic with simple dishes like pad-thai, bbq-chicken, pot stickers, etc. After eating at Thai House I think it's time to start venturing out a little deeper in the Thai food world.First, their food is really good. The Pad Thai portion is enough to feed 3-4 people. The BBQ chicken is moist and has great flavor. The pot stickers might be the best I've had. I prefer steamed and they are gooey and don't fall apart. Great texture and the meat inside just melts in your mouth. My new favorite item on the menu are the Salad Rolls. Particularly the sweet and spicy dipping sauce topped with crushed peanuts that accompanies it.  That alone is worth the price of admission. Actually all of their dipping sauces are amazing. The peanut sauce is off da hook. The ambiance is very nice, but the service could use a little improvement. On our most recent trip to this establishment we were waited on by someone who spoke no English. It was a bit frustrating when we were trying to get some detail about the items we were ordering. Also, I highly recommend dining when the incomparable Skip Eaton is performing some great classic rock hits.
4	Tom Ka Soup is delish...something for the whole fam!
5	I never thought  a local Thai restaurant would have internet ordering like Chili's restaurant has.  I was blown away. Thai food is my desert island pick.  If I was stranded like Gilligan and there was a Thai restaurant on the island and nothing else, I would be eternally happy and not think of making a raft like Tom Hanks did in Castaway to get back to civilization. I don't have the budget to eat there everyday but I will try the whole menu eventually.  So far, I've had the chicken satay, stuffed chicken wings, spicy eggplant mint, green, red, and Panang curry, Pad See Ew, Pad Thai (come on....), Yai Gai Kwor (squid!), and Larb,  No disappointment. It's all good, It's the bees knees, the bomb, yum, it's the sh*t! or any other platitude you can think of.  It doesn't do it justice.  The portions are great and the staff is friendly, prompt,  and dress in Thai garb.  It has a nice quiet ambiance.  They do have live music and the sound doesn't drown out the table conversation.  Maybe I should I inquire about a part time job there....free or discounted food? I'd wash dishes or deliver food for that.
4	mmmMMMM my favorite thai place in las vegas!!!! I always get the pad thai here. SOOO YUMMY! I usually come here for the lunch special pad thai. It comes with fried rice, egg roll, chicken wing, egg drop soup and of course your entree...in my case pad thai! The lunch I think is either 6.99 or 7.99 I can't really remember but its sooo worth it! and it's not even expensive! They give you so much food to satisfy all 5 of your taste buds!I've also had a crispy orange chicken and Mongolian beef which was a little salty but the crispy orange chicken was superb! =)I've came here during dinner too, but the food doesn't taste the same from lunch and dinner. I think the cook/chef changes at night. So i only go during lunch now.
2	So my cousins and I went to work out. I failed miserably at creeping on girls at the LVAC on Eastern/215 location. I suggested we grub on some Thai food.This was not our first choice, I think Surang was but it was closed down for the mean time. So we're on our way to this place and I notice that the area we're heading to is near my ex-gf's place. I looked it up on Yelp and see that it's Chinese (SLASH) Thai food so I immediately started getting negative feelings about it.We get there and guess what? Yes, you were right! This was the last place me and my ex-gf had last seen each other. That was a wonderful day so all the negativity went away.We eat our food and that didn't change. It was ok. I wish I would have went to Archi's. If it was less pricey, I'd be ok with it. Plus they didn't advertise Coconut Juice!!! What the hell? I love Coconut Juice. Whack.This was like watching the Sixth Sense for the 3rd time. YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT'S GOING TO GO DOWN.Not  as good as Passion of the Christ and definitely not better than Lethal Weapon 4.
4	Great food and they deliver!  We've only had delivery once and eaten in the restaurant once so far.  The food is good, the prices are good.  Delivery was pretty quick.  Service at the restaurant was a little slow though.I don't remember which curries everyone has had from here, but they loved them.  The spice levels are apparently a little low for your typical 1 (wimpy) to 10 (flaming) range from what everyone else told me, so I guess order just a little warmer than your first instinct would tell you.  Other than everyone mentioning (both times we've eaten their food) the heat could have gone up one more notch, they raved about how good it was.  I have only had the pad thai (I know, not so adventurous, but comfor food was calling) so far and it was great too.
5	Great food ,great service and they do delivery.I am Originally from Thailand.This restaurant makes me the food that reminds me of my grandma's cooking. I would say Thai House restaurant is one of my favourite Thai place. Apart from The regular menu their special dishes will also satisfy your palate.
2	Not nearly as good as it used to be.....disappointing pad thai n duck salad.....too bad....
5	This place is amazing! Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant! The people are always so friendly and they check on you often. The food is perfect and everything comes out rather quickly. You have to try the Thai beef salad and Singapore noodles...insanely delicious. Everything is priced decently and the portions are big.  I always get take out for Thai beef salad, too often that its almost embarassing lol. Only thing on the negative side is that every time I go anywhere else for Thai I always compare it to Thai house and end up disappointed.
3	Well, I'm a huge fan of chinese and thai food, so while house-sitting for a friend within delivery range I decided to try this place out!I ordered the pad thai, my favorite dish, with a spice level of 7 (Hot!!) and shrimp. The noodles were very good, with a generous amount of peanuts. Since most places skimp on the peanuts first, I was extremely impressed. At first, I was disappointed in the spice level. For a level 7 it was pretty weak; my tongue wasn't even hot. Then, I mixed my pad thai up a bit more... I hit the chili vein. The heat from then on was extreme, not for the weak tongued. The shrimp, however, seemed a little bit soft, maybe undercooked.I also ordered a side of crab rangoons. I LOVE crab rangoons. BUT, I was really disappointed. They had strange herbs in them, which were surprisingly pleasant. They also had onions in them, which was a big no-no for me. I cannot stand onions, and the strange mixture of the onions and the cream cheese was extremely unpleasant.Delivery time was ok, and price was also ok. $23 for the two dishes, delivery charge, tax, and tip.In the end, I would definitely order the pad thai again (maybe a 6), but wouldn't try th rangoons again.
2	I won't 'star' this review yet. I ordered online today (12/22/11) and it's been over an hour and the food isn't here. It was supposed to be delivered by 12:30 and it's after 1 right now. They did call to tell me brown rice costs a dollar more per order which wasn't reflected on the site. Already we're off to a bad start but I will eat with an open mind. Be back eventually after lunch.K, back. The food was good but no where near warm enough to fully enjoy. I ordered the Panang Chicken very spicy and it barely was. They also screwed up some parts of the order. I figured they were busy because of a lunch rush, but if you can't get the online ordering down pat, remove it as an option. Seriously, an extra goddam dollor for a penny's worth of brown rice? I won't be back, sorry Thai house.
2	I used to love this place. Went in for lunch and asked if a certain item was on the lunch menu. I was informed it was so I ordered that. A few moments later our waitress informed me that it was not and needed to order something else. No biggie.Our entrees came without the lunch special appetizers. When asked about our app's she apologized, said she forgot and then brought them to us. While we were eating our app's, our entrees sat on the table getting cold.By the time it came to my entree it was to cold to eat. I was asked if I wanted a to-go box for my uneaten meal I said, "no thank you." and was never asked if there was anything wrong with my meal. I sat bewildered and disappointed due to the lack of service and concern and proceeded to pay the bill at full price. Got caught on a bad day I hope, generally the place is good, but not this day. Gotta go now and grab some Taco Bell for lunch. Expensive lunch day!
4	Good Thai Food. Spicy levels, as in most places, has no correlation to a number. I've ordered spicy 6 multiple times and have had nuclear fire in your mouth hot to mildly bland hot.Love the online ordering, so easy.
3	I had dinner here a few times before, since it is so close to where I used to live.  I enjoyed the Tom Yum Shrimp soup every time I had it.  The shrimps were cooked nicely.  I have also ordered the Salmon Curry and Thai House Fried Rice.  The reason why I ordered the Salmon Curry was because I wanted to try something different than my usual order of Beef Panang.  BAD IDEA.  Salmon Curry tasted odd.  Just did not work for me.  I was looking for the Crab Fried Rice on the menu, or something in comparison to Pin Kaow's Crab Fried Rice.  The Thai House Fried Rice was the choice.  Didn't enjoy that as much either.  Will I come back..yeah, I will for the Tom Yum Shrimp and the Beef Panang if I am in the area.  Also, the staff has always been very friendly.
4	Go to this Thai place once a week for the lunch special. The food is good not great but you get soo much of it. Egg roll, chicken wing, and soup and that's before you get your entree. You can't beat it.
4	Kalila and I went in for a quick dinner and we ordered beef Pad See Ew and Lemon chicken. Both were delicious!The Pad See Ew's beef was a little too tough. There weren't enough noodles either. Maybe because Kalila sucked them down like a vacuum cleaner, but we still could've used more.The lemon chicken is really a tempura fried chicken strip w/ their special lemon sauce. Eat it with rice & it's a great meal!The service was pretty good. We got a good amount of water refills and a rice refill.The venue is clean. It has a dance floor/stage for karaoke. There was a TV where I was very happy to watch football while waiting for our food.This is a great place to order a lot of dishes and share them all, family style.
2	The food is not bad, but it certainly isn't good. Oh, the service is good, and the atmosphere acceptable considering the neighborhood.The best thing I had was the egg drop soup. From there everything went downhill. Oh, I'll admit the spiciness is actually spicy: a ten is a ten, nice and hot, but I'm not sure what the odd taste was in both my Pad Thai and in my fried rice, maybe the oil, which could have been of poor quality or old; I'm not sure which, though the taste was repulsive enough that I only sampled either dish.I can think of at least four nearby Thai restaurants that serve better food, though perhaps at a slightly higher price.,
5	Ownership epitomizes business ethics and customer satisfaction!After my two star review a few weeks back I received a very apologetic email from the owner apologizing for our unpleasant visit. What a nice surprise! The owner seemed to really care for my satisfaction and informed me that they found my credit card transaction and was not going to be charged for my lunch.He invited me back to The Thai House to give them a second chance. This kind of response is what is lacking in business today. I am very grateful for Yelp being a catalyst for business success and customer satisfaction. Thanks to Yelp, I look forward to take the ownership of The Thai House up on their offer and coming back and experiencing the food and service I once loved.
4	4.5 stars please! I traveled to Thailand a few years ago and became an avid Thai food snob in my quest for authentic Thai food in Las Vegas. This place really nails it when they whip up their Panag Curry, Pad Thai noodle, and Pad See Ew. It's really good! The Panang curry is a must try. A little funky with the stage and the live music, but it's kind of charming in a cheesy way.
1	Simply put, I did not like this place. I came here for lunch on a weekday and while the service was good, do yourself a favor and try lunch elsewhere. The water tasted gross and the chicken was not tasty at all! I do not recommend this restaurant.
4	Tried this as a new dinner place while in Vegas and it was very good.  Tom Kha soup was delicious and crab rangoon appetizer was perfectly-fried but not greasy.
3	This place is conveniently located next to the Smith's and has big private lot so there is always parking everywhere. The first time I had went here with a friend, it was very awkward. Beyond awkward. We stood at the "Please Wait to Be Seated" sign for about two minutes before one of the workers decided to acknowledge us and seat us. Our food was delicious! I always get the pad see ew at everywhere thai joint I go to and this place definitely did not disappoint. My friend got the pad thai with the level 6 spice and she was chugging on her water the whole time. Haha. The service was pretty decent the whole time and it was an OK experience. Nothing memorable except being awkwardly stared at by already seated patrons. The second time I went was less awkward, but it just told me that this place and me being physically there was not meant to be.That is why I stick to ordering ONLINE and having them deliver :) that way I did not really have to deal with anyone. Their online ordering is so simply and they have a mobile site for your iPhone as well! I have only had one issue with ordering online and that was when an hour and a half passed with no food so I called to see what the hold up was. The woman who answered did not speak English so I gave up, haha. Luckily my food came about 15 minutes later but that is still a really long wait. Just remember that if you order online that it is a $20 minimum. The driver's tip is not included so tip accordingly! I will just keep ordering online and get some bomb pad see ew that way.
4	The food is great!But the service was slow, our entrees were served one at a time. If the first person had started their entree when it was served, they would have been finished by the time the last person was served... However, with that said... all of our entrees were delicious. The spring rolls were fresh with a sweet dipping sauce. Tom Yum soup, fresh lemon taste. For the soup, ordered the heat at a 5 out of 10 and there was some definite heat... No complaints on the chow main or orange chicken. One of the best entrees sampled was the Chicken Curry- pieces of chicken breast sauteed and stirred into light curry coconut sauce. Found out you can also order online and delivered. I'll be back again, hopefully the service will improve.
3	Good food. Not so service... It's not bad for take out, but the service has consistently been awkward and slow. Not very responsive and they don't always seem to know what they are doing. Plus, communication is sometimes difficult. The food is the only saving grace, but just know that the spice-level rating is inconsistent. Don't give a number, just tell them how you like it.Tables tend to wobble and the live music initially was cheesy-charming, but after a while, it's just cheesy. Needs to be saved by Irwin (restaurant impossible)!
4	I think we have eaten here three times and it will likely remain in our regular restaurant rotation.  We really enjoy the food and haven't even one dish we wouldn't consider ordering again.  I can't recall everything we have eaten but one recent we really enjoyed was the Tom Kha soup.We haven't eaten there when they have entertainment but understand that's a Saturday night thing and friends who ate there then said the restaurant was packed then.  Our Friday evenings haven't been too crowded.Prices are better than the few other Thai restaurants where have eaten in this area.We will definitely be back.
2	This Thai place was a recommendation from my nail artist.  It is clean and the service was quick and polite. Ordered pad Thai - terrible ; very oily, and lack flavor; green curry - very watered down and lacked Thai flavor; and some appetitiAers that were bland. If you are hungry only.
2	Crappy House! Didn't like their food at all. It was plain with not taste! All I tasted was salty food. Order up the beef pai Tay, chicken pai Tay, shrimp soup, seafood salad, egg rolls, Thai house special fried rice. Wasn't satisfied at all! Shame on them!
5	Thought it was great. Asked how hot you wanted your food and everything. The food was great as well as the service. Don't be deterred by the outside appearance. Very nice on the inside.
4	Went to have dinner with my sister the other night...stood at the entrance for 5 mins awkwardly waiting to be seated or greeted. And waiting around for 15-20 mins for someone to bring a check and some to go boxes.Food is still just as good as ever...service could use some help :( so sad.
4	"Jack talk Thai, Jack talk Thai real well" that line from Meet the Fockers always comes to mind whenever we discuss having Thai food for lunch.Thai House is quite possibly one of the most convenient, partly one of the most cost effective and yummy Thai food eateries in my neck of the woods (if you're ordering the lunch specials that is). Little things in life excite me so the mere fact you can order your lunch online and pick it up with little to no waiting involved brings an immediate smile to my face! Who likes waiting? I don't.Food. YUM! The portions are more than generous, flavors consistently delicious, always a friendly staff and convenient for my lunch and dinner dining excursions. My only gripe is the inconsistent levels of heat. A spice level (3) one day may not be the same as a spice level (3) another day.All in all Thai House is a great eatery if you're in the area, and an especially good deal if you can take advantage of their superior lunch specials and special lunch pricing.Give it a whirl y'all
3	Ever have one of those days where you're feeling too lazy to cook and don't feel like going out to a restaurant?   Yeah sure, we all do right?  How about the days where you feel too lazy to even shower and can't bear to pick up the phone to call in a take out order?   Just me?   Anyway, I have these days.  I call them Sundays.Sundays are often days where I need to just be able to jump on my laptop, fill out what I want to eat on the computer during a Mad Men commercial break, and have it appear at my door as if by magic (Gasoline, how does it work?)To be brutally honest though, this is the only reason I ever eat Thai House.  The food is always decent, but rarely spectacular.  My favorite dishes so far have been the curries, namely Panang with Pork (the Red and Green were also good).  I've been unimpressed with most of the noodle dishes thus far (Pad See Ew in particular), and the Tom Yum soup was lacking when I've had it a few times.  So stick with the Curries and order in between your episodes of Game of Thrones and the Killing and let Thai House handle the rest.   But put some pants on before you answer the door for heaven's sake.
4	good food, had Pad Thai with chicken and chicken curry lunch specials. both were good. Can't believe it was so close to me and hadn't tried it till now. will definitely go again.
4	I went to Thai House Restaurant with my cousin for lunch.. I like the inside, very quaint and cute.. The lunch portion is good amount for the price.. Servers are very nice and friendly... I got the lemon chicken and was pretty good, the rice seemed a little dry, but other than that, it's a good place and good for the money..
1	This is the worst Thai food I have ever had in my life! We ordered Tom Yum chicken soup not enough flavor over cooked chicken, Sesame chicken the sauce was so nasty we ended up throwing that away, Pad Thai horrible taste super greasy. I was so upset we got all of this to go got home and realized how nasty their food is I am so upset I wasted my money on their food NEVER AGAIN! Please avoid this place at all costs way to many great Thai restaurants out there!
3	Ate here with a friend on a weekend in June 2012.  Food was ok, we were pretty happy with the service and the restaurant decor nice.  The waitress uniforms (traditional Thai dresses?) were a nice touch.Just like every(?) Vegas Thai restaurant I've been to so far, they have a great deal on weekday lunch specials.  Had I been there for that I probably would have given them 4-stars.
1	Never dining here again no matter how good the food is....My sister got a stomach ache and mild food poisoning from lunch. We had tom yum soup and the mongolian beef. NEVER again!!! SO SAD!
4	Yelp, thai delivery food and up came Thai House. Love online ordering! As of now. So I ordered from their main website, signed up, ordered and paid for bill by cc, easy and quick. Online ordering shows pictures of dishes n gives you options of spicyness, meats, and etc for certain dishes. We ordered 2 orders of chicken pad thai and an order of fried bananas. The c.pad thai was flavorful with a little sweet, kick. The fried bananas were delicious, had a nice crunch with sweet banana filling. Easy online ordering, good timing delivery and good chicken pad thai.
5	ordered delivery. such good food and good service. the food was here in less than 30 mins on a Saturday night. got the chinese broccoli with steamed tofu and shrimp with brown rice and egg rolls. the person who answered the phone was very well mannered and accommodating. please go here and eat. great. thanks. :)
4	Friendly staff and very good food.  Their spicey hot scale of 1-10 is great.  The 10 is the just right hot.  Get a little sweat going but can still taste the food.
3	We visited Thai House based on some postive reviews on YELP.  Overall we had a good dining experience, but would probably try another place the next time we want Thai food.  We ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and Chicken & Shrimp Pad Kee Mao.  The Pad Kee Mao was excellent, as other reviewers have noted.  We both enjoyed the flavors and the spicyness.  The Pad Thai was not our favorite and I have had much better at other places in town.  It was overhwhelming on the noodles and had very little meat in the dish.  Also, we were a bit dissapointed that we were forced to order an entire entree for our toddler since they do not have children's portions on the menu.
4	The green curry is delicious. The roasted duck curry isn't that good because its loaded with bones.  I love that you can order a young coconut and that they give you the coconut water on the side. The online ordering is nice because it shows pictures, also if you like them on facebook you get a coupon code for 10% off.  Management is also very nice and accommodating. The only thing that sucks is that they can NEVER get the order correct!!!!!!!!!
1	I would like to say that we were able to review the food, but seeing as we waited an over an hour & a half for our food to be delivered, called about it, & was argued with over whether we had ordered or not when we received an e-mail confirmation, I don't even want to try this place's food.
1	If i could put negative stars i would. Our garlic mushroom chicken tasted like dirt and some sort of cleaner so we sent it back and said we didnt want it. Moving on to the yellow chicken curry.... My son had a small plate but said it didnt taste good and my daughter decided she wanted to try it so she stirred it and up floats a HUGE COCKROACH cooked into it. All the owner could say was "Sorry" We all wanted to throw up. My wife's family said we should contact the health department to have this place looked into before they get somebody really sick.
1	Messed up the order and then proceeded to tell me that it was my fault. Apparently almond chicken sounds like orange chicken and she said I was lying. Okay! Yah I lied about what I ordered! Horrible customer service and the "orange chicken" I supposedly ordered was soggy and disgusting.
4	I tried to go to Shabu Grill but apparently they are in transistion to new management and was not open.... So Thai house here I come. The service was good as the server was patient and she came back around to refill water several times and to check in during our meal.The food was good. I had the silver noodle salad and it was spicy for a 5, but I appreciate a Thai restaurant that is true to their spices. My friend had the pad Thai and I thought it was a bit too sweet and not spicy enough even though he had a 5 too.Would I come back, yes, to try their other dishes before I make a final judgement. Plus they are close to my gym so it's convenient!
4	Despite being housed in a mall, nice ambience, very good food, and reasonable prices.
3	My boyfriend and I have been ordering from this place for over year and half now. We loved the food and the delivery was always early.But for the last 4 months the delivery service has been late and at one time they did not delivered our food. They argued we did not place the order when i have an email confirming the order. Today the delivery was 20 minutes late. When I called to follow up, the lady was rude on the phone. The lemon chicken was saggy, my favorite fried rice tasted like fish instead of beef. Contemplating if I should continue giving them my business or not. So sad as I enjoyed their food before.
1	I gave this restaurant one star because the delivery was actually early, it was convenient to order online, and finally the first bite of the tum yum soup was fairly good.  However, after eating the second bite it was just good and by the third bite it was ok and then by the fourth bite I wanted to throw up. The Red Curry Chicken was by far the worst thing I have ever tasted in my life.  It tasted like coconut milk straight with some added seasoning and the chicken thrown into a mess of a dish.  After traveling through thailand and other asian countries like Singapore (who knows how to do it right) I can sometimes be snobbish about my thai food.  Usually when I order thai food in the United States I keep in mind that it is not Thailand.  However, this restaurant is far beyond saving.  I would give it some kind of constructive criticism but the only thing that comes to mind is ... close the doors!
4	No change in rating.  Food continues to meet our expectations.We have been using Tom Kha soup as a yardstick to compare food at other Thai restaurants and feel Thai House's has been consistently our favorite.
2	***Update from my prior review on 10/23/2011***I don't know what happened to this place.  The food has been reduced in portions, the online ordering menu does not duplicate their in house or take out menu.  The customer service lately is HORRIBLE!  I placed my order online and my email confirmation stated my order would be ready by 8:09 pm.  I arrive at 8:13 pm and  usually, my food would be ready. 8:15.....8:25....8:35....8:40 my food was not ready.  I get a half apology by the guy who runs the place with a helpless expression on his face.  Didn't even offer me water or a small Thai Ice Tea while waiting.  I ordered my food online over an hour ago!  The waitresses scurrying around looking all stressed out.  Yes it was busy (all tables filled) and yes there were tons of orders on the counter (take out or other online orders).  But I just sat there without any acknowledgement or update on my food.  The only communication I had was with the waitress who confirmed my order when I walked to the counter and took my payment BEFORE my food was ready.  I always get asked for my payment when she has my take out ready and on the counter.  To top if off,  the staff just seemed so mechanical when I'm sitting in the booth closest to the register and they are tallying their pending take out and online orders (money) on their ten key in front of me. Without looking my way, acknowledging me or again, offering me something for the LONG wait.  I finally said something at 8:43 and all of the sudden. They come out with all my food.  They may not know me personally, but they do know I order at least 4-5 dishes from them at an average of $8-10 per dish not including tip every time I go.  I think I'll find another Thai restaurant to eat at.
3	This restaurant is located on Maryland and Silverado Ranch. I took my sister for lunch here since we were in the vicinity. The interior is well decorated and cute. The cleanliness did not seem to be an issue. The service was great. We did the lunch special which for $6.95 ea included soup of the day (egg drop- large bowl but fairly bland, needed a large amount of chili paste and sriracha), and suppose to be dumplings and spring rolls. They were out of dumplings and just doubled up on spring rolls which was fine. I had the red curry with chicken and steamed rice and sis had pad thai with beef. My curry was adequate... it was not even close to best curry I have had by a long shot..but definitely worth the lunch price. Sister's pad thai seemed a bit greasy, but definitely not bad for the price we were paying.  I have been to Thai House while I lived on Silverado Ranch and every dish I had was above average to great. Worth checking out at least once.
3	Service is ok but foods not good for me
4	Came here on a Saturday night for dinner with my family.  Walked in to a lively atmosphere with live music.  (A man was singing and playing his guitar and was older, but damn good and singing and playing, he took requests for songs during his breaks).Service was prompt and friendly.  We ordered a few dishes to share family-style.  Ordered a couple appetizers and 4 different entrees including yellow curry, shrimp with asparagus, spicy bean sprouts, and duck.  1. Yellow Curry - not the best I've had, but very tasty2. Shrimp with asparagus - I don't really like asparagus, but my family members enjoyed it3. Spicy Bean Sprouts - very tasty with just a hint of spicyness, the bean sprouts were cooked but still had a crunch consistency... i was surprised at how much i enjoyed this dish4. Duck - SALTY! but being that I'm on high-protein diet, I ate it all regardless (I was thirsty for the rest of the night)All in all, the meal was affordable and the portion sizes are more than adequate.  I honestly would come back for the curry and the atmosphere on a Saturday is one that I recommend experiencing for yourself.  There are other thai restaurants out there but for an area deficient of decent asian restaurants, Thai House is a good option.
3	For someone who claims to not like many kinds of food, I find that I end up eating it anyways. Thai could be categorized into that. It isn't like Vegas has any shortage of Thai restaurants, but the good ones are not as bountiful.My issue with Thai tends to be that it is too rich, too sweet, and just overwhelming. Great Thai does not have to be this way.Thai House is good. I just felt bogged down afterwards. All of the appetizers are fried. I knew I would get nowhere trying to order papaya salad with my friends so I just let them order. The wings and the sampler plate was at least not sitting in a pool of oil. The duck curry was short on the meat and was overpowered by the coconut. The pad see ew was the dish I liked the most. Their house fried rice is interesting, too. The pineapple, raisins and nuts made me think of biryani. I love biryani and it was different than anything other Thai place. For its close proximity, I would go back again for the last two dishes.
3	Decent food, I have never eaten at the restaurant. I live near by so always get it delivered. I give them 5 stars for the delivery service because they are fast on the order, paying over the phone and get it to me within 20 minutes.The food is good but never constitant but at the same time i've never thought it was bad at all.
5	This right here! This Thai Resturant right here is GREAT! I had Tom Yum Gai soup (whoa) and chicken satay (I almost proposed to the cook).
2	Service is not efficient. One time, it took nearly 10 minutes just for them to serve me my thai ice tea boba. The food takes an incredibly long time to serve. Our food even came out to our table almost cold.I still go back only because I really enjoy their food. But other than that, it was not a good experience.
3	This place is pretty good. I was a little frustrated with my duck curry... but I think it may be my own fault for ordering it. I had duck bones everywhere, it was so much work. I had been at the pool all day so the last thing I wanted was to have to work for my dinner. However, we ordered the orange chicken for my nephew and it was great. Lightly breaded in tempura. There were four of us at the table and we all agreed it was by far the best orange chicken any of us had eaten. I just ordered the red chicken curry with chicken for takeout. The portion was a very good size, bigger than I expected. At first I was a little annoyed that they charged me .75 cents to use my credit card because my order was under $10. However, the food was pretty good, so I not really worried about the charge. Pro tip: First time online orderes get 10% off.
5	I really enjoy this restaurant and everyone who comes with me enjoys it as well.  My favorite is yellow curry chicken and surprisingly their tofu soup is very good!  I'm not usually a soup person, but I now look forward to the tofu soup before the entree.  Tried the wonton soup and don't recommend it.  The lunch specials during the week are a great deal, as others have mentioned.
3	Lets start with the dining area. This place has more than enough seating.  The tables are evenly spaced so you can have a nice conversation within your party.  They have a nice section in the back in the event you have a large party.  They also have a stage where they have live music usually during the weekend evenings.  I love how the place is decorated.  I enjoy the food here.  Nothing special that I would say stands out but the good thing is that its consistent in taste.  They have a large menu so you definitely have a lot of choices. They also have a lunch special during the week day so that definitely is a plus. The staff is really friendly although some do have a strong accent so you may need to repeat yourselves or ask them to repeat your order just to make sure they got it correct.  They try their best to assist you but I do feel they are under staffed.  When the place gets busy the staff seem to be overworked.  They try their best to serve you but I can see they are sometimes doing too much.  So be weary that during busy times your water or drinks may not be filled timely but the staff is always respectful and treat you very well. Price for the food is very fair.  It's about the same prices as any Asian restaurant.  Average ala carte dish is about $8.95-$12.95.  The amount of food they give per dish is a good amount.  2 dishes will usually feed a part of 2-3 easily. I do think at times the food takes longer to cook but this gives you time to enjoy a good conversation with your friend or date.  Don't go here if your really hungry and expect to go in and out. Overall, I do come back and forth to this location many times and quite often do take out as the food is good. Sometimes I do crave their bean sprouts with crispy pork so that dish definitely gets me to come back.  I see the owner here often and he is such a nice fella always sharing his stories.  Talks with his guest.
4	NEVER CAN GO WRONGIt's every bit Chinese Thai food.  I've known the head server Kat for a number of years. Her sister is the chef and co-owner.  Sad to report that their long time musician had moved to Florida to retire. I thought he was pretty good at his craft. Played a number of different musical instruments and sang surprisingly well.It's dinner for four very hungry folks. Seemed like we ordered too much.  But at the end, we ate every bit of it and said it was damn good. They were swamped with take out orders tonight in addition to several large dining groups. While waiting for our desserts it gave us the perfect opportunity to talk. Check out the photos... they speak a thousand words more.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my meal yesterday.  A friend recommended it and I popped in around 9pm after going downtown for "Streats" (it was a total bust, in my opinion).  Originally, I was going to place an order to go, but decided to stay because I liked the atmosphere and I'm not afraid to eat alone.  The woman who greeted me seemed annoyed, but that didn't really matter to me.I had a really friendly waiter.  His accent was a little hard to understand, but he was very kind and attentive!  I asked him a lot of questions (example: what's the difference between your fried wontons and the crab rangoon?) and he was very informed about the menu.I ordered the Fried Wontons and Chicken Pad Thai.  The Fried Wontons have a cream cheese filling (and I suspect some mayo, but I hope not!) with "sauteed" shrimp and krab.  If you don't know anything about crab meat, crab with a 'C' is the real thing; crab with a 'k' is immitation.  I personally have a hard time telling the difference in some dishes.  Their wontons were good, but had way too much filling.  I ended up making a mess with the first one; I dropped  filling on my arm, the table, my shorts, and the plate.  I ended up squeezing some filling out of the next couple that I ate.  I don't think I'll order them again because something about them weirded me out a bit.  The filling was an orange color and the texture was strange.I ordered the Pad Thai as a spice level 3 out of 10 because I once had an experience with Thai food at another restaurant where I ordered a 5 out of 10 and recieved food so spicy I couldn't even touch it to my lips.  Anyway, 3 out of 10 is the perfect spice level for me at Thai House because it was a comfortable heat for me while still being spicy enough to make my nose run.  Plus, it had great flavor!I had my leftovers for breakfast this morning and they were still just as good.  I'll definitely be coming back and I'm thinking this might end up being my new regular place!!!
5	Looooove this place. We come here all the time! Tom kha is great, actually pretty much everything on the menu is great. Get an iced Thai coffee too and the coconut ice cream!
5	Excellent Thai dishes. I've tried 50% of this menu. I've been a long time customer ((10 years)). I was surprised by some of the negative reviews about the slow service, but I'm usually getting takeout & they have never been late or screwed up my order!The soups are my favorite! I've never had better Tom Yum than what they serve here. My second favorites are the spicy beef salad (I get it as a 7) and the papaya salad.Pad Thai is awesome as well.They offer Chinese dishes too & my fave is the house fried rice. Pineapple !! Yum..I enjoy the Taro milk tea with boba. It comes with crushed ice instead of cubes & I dig it. My friends all rave about the Thai tea as well.
5	I have eaten here a couple of times before (and have enjoyed it) but it was my first time ordering online for delivery.Ordering online was very easy- most items have pictures if you order on their actual website. There were some items that you could choose the spiciness level for; I prefer not too spicy, which I had chosen ("Just a little spicy") and it was on point. Since it was my first time ordering online, I had received a 10% off the order deal. You can include tip already if you pay with card online and there is a delivery fee.The food arrived a little earlier than was said, which was awesome. The delivery man was very polite also. Food was all neatly prepared, hot, and pretty delicious. Everything you could need was included: chopsticks, utensils, napkins, fortune cookies, soy sauce, spicy peppers on the side. They even included two extra small eggrolls.I always order the Chicken Satay, Tom Kha soup, Pad See Ew.
5	Love this place... Singapore noodles are great and the kids love it!  Papaya salad is good as well.
3	The food here is great, for that I would give 5 stars.  But my latest experience with Thai House has left me a little less than satisfied with their service.  We ordered for delivery and the estimated time for delivery at 11am on a Saturday was 60-80 minutes. Long but doable.  At 90 minutes I requested an update to my delivery and they said the driver would be on the way shortly, we don't live far so he arrived about 5 minutes later as if he had just been sent when I called.  When I asked what kind of discount or way they were going to make it right, they insisted that the delivery was in the estimated time and refused to do anything.  The driver even apologized for being late so they clearly knew they were in the wrong.  Not thrilled about their customer service and that is the reason for the rating of 3 stars.
5	Great food great service! I've taken multiple friends here and have recommended it to lots of others who enjoy authentic Thai food! Love Thai House!
3	So this use to be one of my favorite Thai places when I moved to Veritas apartments. Lunch is still my opinion best value for the money. You get a soup, vegetable egg roll and then your main entree and rice for just one price. Now recently when I was getting ready to move we order take out and I order the pannag curry with fried tofu and for my gf order the a vegetable chow main since she is vegan and vegetarian. I was starving so just jumped into eating my food, come to find out my vegetarian curry was a chicken curry which i didn't mind too much but when my girl went to try it, that wasn't good. Not to mention usually my curry has some mixed vegetable and had none! All it was, was sauce and chicken not good at all. All in all besides the bad experience not a bad Thai food.
2	Ah, where do I start.  My wife and I used to come here every week until we moved further away for lunch and dinner. The food and service used to be great.  When we went back recently though, the service was horrible.  It wasnt even busy, but the staff had changed and we werent even greeted by the door and had to stand and look for awhile.  When we were finally seated, the plates that came out  were extremly dirty with food marks still on them.  Even one of the utensils had stuff on it.  My wife asked a waitress which was really unfriendly about the plates and spoon.  The thai waitress just laughed, grabbed all of it and left without saying a word or apology.  We were like "WHAT THE @@@@!  " Some of the appetizers had changed and the food had obviously gone downhill.  We left very disappointed and since then found another Thai restaurant that is closer to our house and the service and food is much better.
1	The food is okay.  Service is horrible.  I have given them three chances and all I can say is rude rude rude!  The last straw was when they delivered part of my order wrong and yelled at me for it.  The food isn't that good for me to overlook the service.Don't do it!!!!For the best Thai food......nothing beats Archie's Bistro
5	First, let's start with the online ordering: every place should have this capability. Now lets talk food: We ordered the chicken fried rice, curried duck, appetizer assortment platter, an order of sticky rice and a Thai iced coffee. Once inside and unpacked, the aroma wafting through my kitchen was nothing short of magical. The Chicken fried rice was for my husband, who has a limited pallet. I'm sure it was delicious, as he didn't complain. The duck curry was fall of the bone good. Just enough spice to cause, as we New Yorkers say, as schvitz. I enjoyed almost everything in the sampler except the egg/spring roll things. I just didn't care for those. My coffee was/is delightful. I will absolutely order from here again for several reasons: online ordering convenience, timely delivery, and the AMAZING FOOD!!
3	Great good! However the fish in the lobby need a bigger tank! There are 3 very large fish in a very small tank. It seems like animal cruelty and I won't eat there again because those poor fish. Get a bigger tank!!!!
4	Always eat or order delivery from here, always good food. But last night I ordered delivery for green curry with no spicyness since I have a bad stomach, but I ended up getting hot lava . Either way its usually a great place..
4	when me and the hubby is in the mood for some Thai food this is the spot we always go to.  I was introduced to this place by a friend of mines who has been going here for many years.  I've never been disappointed with any of their dishes.  But honestly we always seem to get the same  things chicken pad Thai, fried chicken, green curry and fried rice which seems to be the staple Thai food. my parents were here for a short vacation and the also loved it! mind you it was there first time trying Thai food.
5	Lunch specials to include soup, egg roll, pot sticker, entree and rice for $7 can't be beat. Food is tasty and entree cooked to order. Servers are attentive. Not fast-food service. This place is a keeper. Pad Thai is exceptional.
1	Went to get take out, the waitress gave me anxiety by rushing us, the boba is a big size but not cooked properly, their chow mein is overpriced, they charge you to use a debit card, and the waitress chased me outside while I was driving away to have me sign a receipt.
4	Thai House was off to a bit of a rough start with me when my delivery was a half hour late and my tummy was a grumbling, but other than that little forgivable mishap, I am glad I ordered from here. The Cashew Chicken was great! They didn't skimp on the cashews, like most places do and they weren't soggy either, like they often can be when ordering delivery. Their Cashew Chicken was colorful and consisted of baby corn, chunky bell peppers (both red and green) and onions, carrots & water chestnuts. I would definitely order the Cashew Chicken again. A side note: be careful with the spice when you order! I ordered "extra spicy" on this dish and it was hot as hell! I loved it but I don't think many could handle that level of spiciness. It was borderline too spicy for me and when it comes to spice tolerance, I'm certifiably insane! So I'd say their scales of hotness are on track with where they should be. You never know with some places. In some restaurants in order to get something extra spicy you have to order EXTRA extra spicy, so I thought it was worth taking a stab at deciphering this restaurant's spicy scale for all the other spice whores out there.My only disappointment was with the Tom Kha soup because it was a little sweeter than I would have liked. It was still good though. I just probably wouldn't order it again.I'd say that Thai House is deserving of a little higher than their current 3.5 star rating so I'm going to round up to 4 stars and give them that. I liked my dinner enough to keep them in mind when ordering Thai in the future.
1	Easy online ordering. I ordered the pad Thai and pot stickers for pick up.The workers seemed very confused on who ordered what and who was there to pick orders-- needs organization. They helped others before helping me and I had been standing in line first.The food was probably some of the worst Thai food ive had. The pad Thai was SO dry and unflavorful, I evn asked for EXTRA spicy. It was not spicy at all! The pot sticks poured out water upon biting or cutting into them, disgusting! I will not be going back nor will I ever recommend ppl to eat there.
1	Worst service ever! Ordered take out and it took almost 45 minutes to get my food. I don't know why it took the so long because there was no one in the restaurant. I am never going there again!
5	We have been ordering from Thai House for years!!! On some occasions we choose to dine in the restaurant...when you have a little extra time to spare its nice to sit in their dining room. The waitresses all wear traditional costume which accentuates your Thai dining experience. The waitstaff are all very personable too.We have had the pleasure of traveling to Thailand...and the food that we eat at Thai House is very authentic...and transports your taste buds back to those days of dining on the beaches of Phuket. Some of our favorites are Tom Kha,Tom Yum, Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mao, Sweet Chili Chicken, Red Chicken Curry, Basil Fried Rice, Chicken Chili Mint, Ginger Chicken, Cashew Chicken,Thai tea, and the list goes on...I've ordered online and over the phone. I've never had a challenge with my order being incorrect...sometimes a few minutes late...but so very worth it!!! We've ordered from Thai House so much that its a warm welcome to see their delivery driver at our door!!! They do their scale from 1-10...we usually do between 5-7...it's the perfect spice level that the dishes aren't so hot that you can't appreciate the flavor of the dish that you're about to enjoy!!!
1	Unfortunately, I went in this past December and encountered cockroaches at my table. I screamed (because they're creepy) and took pictures. The manager came over with our bill and talked to us, chalking it up to the location saying, "it's Vegas".  Nothing was comped (honestly this isn't that big of a deal, but there were literally cockroaches on the wall... You'd think they'd want to bribe us into not telling anyone) and we will never return.  I apologize for taking so long to write the review, I just felt bad thinking about what could happen to their business, but I recently told a friend about the experience who convinced me I should.
4	First off I really like the place. I'm Lao/Thai/French and since moving here to Las Vegas I've been trying to find more of "my people" or something that reminds me of home. This came pretty close and I'm thankful they understand my Lao! Haha! I came here with co-workers this last Sunday and it was a good choice. The papaya salad was a little sweeter than what I'm used to but they scale the spicy for the papaya from 1-10...I asked for 12...I felt like it was an 8. I make all this stuff myself at home so I know what a 12 is...it's the kind that burns your fingertips before you put it in your mouth! Haha! I really like spicy! Anyway...I ordered Papaya salad, larb moo (pork), and Thai BBQ chicken and sticky rice. Everything tasted great!...but the only reason why I couldn't give them a 5 star is because the portion of sticky rice they served for $2.50 was like a smack in the face for someone who is Laotian! That is the mini handful size I gave to my kids when they were 5!!! C'mon man!!! On top of that the texture of it was as if it has been reheated at least once. It had a super hard center and was wrapped in Saran Wrap to re-steam. Uh-uh! No! I would definitely go back...but I'll stick to white rice.
2	My boyfriend and I ordered the house appetizers and two orders of combination pad thai. The appetizer plate was delicious! The pad thai may have been better if our order wasn't messed up and the delivery driver didn't have to go back to the restaurant, grab the right order and come back (whixh took an hour!!).. The pad thai was not what I expected. There was barely any meat and just tons of noodles that were poorly made because they stuck together so badly.. Needless to say, I will not be ordering from this place again! Very unsatisfied with the service and the food.
4	Ok so found another reason why I need to give them a 4 star...they don't use real Thai chilis! :( ...I'm hoping that it may be because they aren't in season...at least not in Las Vegas???!?!! Idk...it ruins the authentic integrity when you replace those Thai chilis with pepper flakes in my opinion...but don't get me wrong the food is still very very good! :) I'll still come back for more why not?! Lol :)
5	Thai house has been my favorite thai restaurant since I've discovered it. Not only do they have outstanding service but the food is always on point and the live music on Friday/Saturday night is quite enjoyable. As you walk in the staff are always right there to greet you and when not busy, able to seat you right away. For starters I always order the Pad Thai Noodles. Which has a small peanut taste but is also a bit tangy and spicy. It comes with your choice of meat such as chicken, beef, or shrimp. For my main course I always get the Penang Curry, again you have your choice of chicken, beef, or shrimp. This coconut curry dish is served with your choice of white rice, which is the way to go but if you wanna be a tad bit healthy, then you can go with the brown rice. This dish regularly comes out pretty spicy so my advice to you not so spicy lovers, make sure you request it at a level three on their scale of one thru ten. Overall I think all the food here is great, the two dishes I mentioned are always my go to meals especially on a cold nigh out. The prices are pretty decent compared to other thai restaurants in Las Vegas an Henderson. If you're looking for good food and wanting to venture out and try anything other than a burger and fries, why not enjoy the delicious thai quinine at the Thai House. I promise you won't be disappointed.
2	I used to love this place but lately the spicy level is off. I order green curry spicy level 1 for delivery. It was so hot I couldn't eat it. I'd say it was spicy level 9. Very disappointed.
1	The food at this restaurant is decent, however the staff (including the people that own the restaurant) are horrible. I have ordered food for delivery MANY times and the online service says it will take 45 min to a hour which is fine but I have never received it in less than an hour and a half! So I usually accommodate for this and order way before I am hungry, tonight I ordered food at 5:15 and it was not delivered to my house until 7:38. When I called the first time to ask where my food was the woman that answered was very rude and told me she would figure it out then she hung up on me! I called again 10 min later (which was around 7:20) and asked to speak to the owner, the owner then said she was sorry and would call the driver and then in turn hung up on me! So these people had the nerve to hang up on a paying customer twice! They also did not offer me anything, no discounts or money back for bringing my food hours late. This is the only thai place in my area that delivers but honestly I would rather drive to the other end of the city and eat before I ordered here again.
2	The only redeeming qualities this place has is the delivery (and even that sucks most of the time) and the fact that they carry a food my husband loves. We've ordered from here a number of times, with varying levels of satisfaction. Here are the main issues that keep repeating themselves:-After I had my daughter, my ability to handle spicy food lowered dramatically. As such, I order everything as mild as possible. I understand that Thai food is spicy, but "mild" shouldn't be so spicy that I can't even eat it. This happens more often than not, and it seems to depend on who is doing the cooking. -They rarely deliver the right things/everything. We've received parts of other people's orders, and we often don't receive all of our order. -The food is substandard and overpriced.
1	I have been getting take out and home delivery for the last few years from here. The food was always ok. The delivery was pretty good. The last few times we have waited over an hour after the estimated time. The last time we called we sat on hold for an extended period. When we finally got an answer, we were told we could not order. I guess they are doing so well, they don't need the money! Never again will we order from them!
4	Had a great experience last night. Our waitress was sweet, funny and made fantastic recommendations. This is the first place who could make a flavorful yet spicy curry for me.Large portions for a good price and I will be going back soon to sample other menu items. I'm not too sure why all these one star reviews say they have been going to this place for years. If the quality and service is that bad why keep going back?
5	Very good food I'm first time here with my brother he like tai shop we came here and try there shop it's was very good and the service was good we will come again
5	Love this place! Great food, great service, and great price.We always get the Tom Yum soup with Shrimp (level 6). Best Tom Yum in town. For entrees, we usually stick with the Pad Thai with Chicken and Moo Goo Gai. Have ordered delivery a couple times, food was good and delivery speedy.
5	Seriously best Thai food ever!!!! I've been coming here for 4 years I have not found a place as authentic as this one! They have the best beef pad see eww it takes a lil time but worth it! Just confirms that what they cook is made fresh at the moment! A must try when in vegas!!!!
4	I'm still a fan, but tonight it was to be a true test of my loyalty.  Food all together missed it's mark and the service was non-existing.  Two large tables absorbed the usual good chi that I would have normally had during many previous dining experiences.
4	This place is a hidden gem. It's tucked way in the back of the Smith's shopping center on the corner of Silverado & Maryland. The decor is authentic, the food is American style but with some unique authentic twists. The service in-store is excellent. We've had the same waitress every time, she's hilarious! Tom Kha soup - insanely good. Hands down the best soup I've ever had in my life. You'll want to pour it all over yourself, it's just incredible. I get it at a level 5 out of 10. The only reason for a 4 rating vs 5 is because of their beef dishes - they taste strange to me, but take that with a grain of salt as I am not an avid red meat fan. Tom Kha soup. Seriously. Do it.
5	Stumbled upon this place almost by accident and I am very glad we did. Their rangoon's are the best i have ever had and their spicy rice was very good too. Service was great! I feel this place is much better than the more popular lotus of siam or pin kaow
3	Been frequenting here in the past, its been OK. Recently service is so so. The food is awesome. The past two occasions, my husband had to ask for menus and waited 15 minutes to even put in our order. The food got a lot more spicier than usual. I'll probably just do take out from now on because I do love there Nam kao Tod when I'm too lazy to make it myself.
4	The fried chicken wontons were really good. The mein wonton soup was good as well. The beef wasn't the best quality. The place was pretty empty so service was pretty quick.
5	Ate here last week for dinner with a friend and can't complain. It was busy and service was a little slow but the two girls running the floor were super nice and friendly and apologized for the long wait for the food. Again, no complaints! Food was amazing! I got the yellow curry and that shit tasted great!!!!! Also had the war wonton soup and that was amazing also. Will definitely be coming back! Also their thai iced teas are huge! Yessss!
4	This place is a little hidden, but definitely worth the find.  It is located in the Smith's shopping center on the corner of Silverado Ranch and Maryland Parkway. I have frequented for lunch often.  I have also ordered take out for a convenient dinner to enjoy at home. They have great food, great value, and great service. I LOVE the red curry chicken and pad Thai. (usually get the spice around a 5!)A great place to try!
4	Really good lunch special for $6.99. Service was good and the restaurant is large and nice. Will definitely return!
5	Food is always good.The empolyies are nice and friendly.ask for the thai hott :D the beef is cooked well. The rice is sticky just the way it should be.
1	I've ordered from here for close to 4 years and up until today the food and customer service has been exceptional. I usually order between $15 and $25 for one order. Today I was buying food for my family to be delivered and spent about double that. For $50 including tip, I expect good food and the same level of customer service I would get as if I was sitting in the restaurant. I ordered the beef and meatball soup with large flat noodles like I always do. And like always I ask that they exclude the beef syrups and instead add more meatballs. It's never been a problem until today. When my order arrived I got two orders of half meatball soups with some type of noodle I didn't ask for. When I called to confirm, I was given the run around and asked that the owner or manager call me back. I was told that the order was a mistake by the girl on the phone but I shouldve only paid $5 per order of soup because it was minus the beef strips. Wrong. I was charged full price. When I relayed these issues to the owner I was courteous and let him know that the food was always good but that my order wasn't how I normally receive it. He informed me that I had been wrong for close to four years and that they had been screwing up orders for that amount of time as they price is the same whether I order with or without beef strips. Odd that all of a sudden when I have an issue has everything been wrong all these years. Customer service was lacking and so shall my business. I shouldve ordered the pizza instead.
1	If losing weight is what you're after, come here. My friend and I were craving Thai food and the closest place to his house was this. Wrong place, wrong time to want delicious Thai treats.The place had lots of empty tables at dinner time. We placed a to-go order and waited a few minutes. We got fried tofu, beef Thai spicy salad, sweet and sour chicken and Thai iced tea.Fried Tofu:Average and nothing special which is a shame because I love tofu. The peanut sauce was bland and super runny. 1/5Beef Thai Spicy Salad:Thin slices of beef on a bed of unchopped/ unshredded lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, and I asked for no onions. It was as if it was too damn tideous to chop lettuce! The dressing was pretty good - a little sweet and spicy and you can choose on the spicy level from 1-10. 3/5Sweet and Sour Chicken:The worst thing to order but this is what my friend wanted. He ate a few pieces until he noticed a very bloody piece of chicken. Seriously, that is plain gross. Salmonella!!! Which reminds me, I should probably check if my friend has puked his brains out. 1/5...make that -5/5Why even bother running a restaurant if you can't even do the basics? Chopping lettuce and you know, cooking chicken. Salmonella: lose 9lbs in 3 days or your money back! Pad See EEEEEWWWW!!!
5	Always always always good.....good prices and large portions!!!! I usually have it delivered but the few times I have been in to the restaurant it is clean and the staff is friendly. As a matter of fact I am ordering my regular right now......mmmmmm!!!!
4	I have been going to this particular Thai restaurant for years. I think they've lowered their spice bar or I've been able to handle more heat because I keep having to up my level each time I order. Anyway, whether you like meat or tofu this place is delicious. The spicy garlic shrimp was amazing. My friends cashew lemon was sweet (so realistically not my thing). The tofu is firm which for me is a must. Always checking on your table to refill your glass. They did just change their menu though. They went from a wonderfully nice menu that was large and leather-like, to just little lamented menus you would find at a cheap place. Don't let it fool you. It's still good. Lastly though, I wish they would change their fish tank. I swear the fish in there are too big for the tank. It makes me sad to look at.
4	One of my favorite Thai restaurants in the local area.  Service is pretty good, staff is friendly and welcoming.  I usually order the eggplant mint dish with sliced beef at a spice level 8/10 and it always hits the spot.   Reasonably priced and filling portions.  I have ordered delivery before and their service is on par too.
4	Go to Thai restaurant when I don't feel like driving to Chinatown. Prices are a bit higher, but the service is great (although I can't say if that's just because they know we are frequent customers). Like how the large soups are served in the hot pot with sterno so it doesn't get lukewarm. Lots of veggies & flavor. Can't comment on their meat dishes but they can make some great vegan Thai food - pad Thai, Pad Kee Mow, & the curries (red, green & panang) are my faves. I also appreciate that takeout doesn't come in styrofoam cups - I hate those.There is a stage, but I've never seen any entertainment. It is large enough to accommodate a large group, unlike some of my fave hole-in-the wall places.
4	We came on a Friday evening and ordered 1. Pad thai beef, 10.952. Spicy eggplant mint with fried tofu, 10.953. Yellow Curry, 10.95for $40- We came in a little before 9. Seated right away. Ordered food within 5 min. - Excellent service. Upbeat. Smiley. Didn't have to ask for water refills, to-go boxes, or a check. - Boring menu. Aren't these To-Go?- Nice presentation of foods. Fancy utensils, napkins, place mat, and plating. - Food came fresh all at the same time.- Food came with steamed rice. Came in a decorative bowl. I've been been many Asian restaurants, and not many Thai restaurants in Vegas put their rice in this kind of bowl. It's usually in a tiny rice bowl. -  Spice rack looked nice. - Yellow curry: Chicken was a bit hard. Potatoes and carrots cut nicely. Thick and well-flavored curry. - Pad Thai: Good. Not too sweet. - Spicy eggplant: Inconsistently cut eggplant. Some were raw others were well done. A little disappointing.  - No karaoke on a Friday night? haha. - Definitely would want to try their lunch specials!
5	This is my favorite thai restaurant. Ive been to Pin Koaw and Lotus of Siam and Thai House is still my favorite.   The servers are always very polite and the food is consistently good.  I typically order red curry but venture away from it sometimes and ive never been disappointed.  I always have a really delicious meal here.  I even brought my boyfriend tonight amd he ordered some noodle dish and really liked it.
3	Ukffdfghhff
4	I had the vegetable green curry. Very delicious. Delivery was not bad. Will definitely order again.
4	Always great to come here. Grea food, reasonable prices and the service is good. They also have a live band every other friday.
4	This is our go-to Thai restaurant. Dine in, take out or delivery. Love all of the curries. They have no problem accommodating requests (I prefer no potatoes and substitute mixed vegetables in yellow curry) service is excellent. Delivery is 45-60 min. They follow your requested spice level -I prefer it Hot and go with a 5, my husband likes a 1. Never disappointed! Highly recommended.
4	On my quest for great curry I may have found a winner! This place is a little out of my way but I will for sure go back! The curry is rich flavorful thick and delicious. The chicken is not chewy and the vegetables fresh! Very fantastic. The interior is a little dated but the food is fantastic!
4	Thai food at this hidden gem will have you asking for seconds!This place has been around for awhile and hasn't disappointed each time we come here.  The location is a bit hidden, tucked way back in the corner of the Smith's shopping center.  Each time we come in, I have never seen it packed either lunch or dinner.  The place is roomy and has a stage for live music.  We were seated promptly and our service was excellent.  I didn't have to sit with an empty water glass for long and the food arrived quickly, A+ on service.  After searching in Henderson for a good Fresh roll, I may have found it here at the Thai house.  I highly recommend them!   I also had some Orange Chicken and some Moo Poo Gai Chicken which were both very good.  In the past, I've had some of their fried rices and sometimes they can be hit or miss, I usually like these from elsewhere.  The soups are amazing here,  I really enjoy their Egg Drop, very tasty.  An order of Orange Chicken, Moo Poo Gai Chicken, Fresh Rolls (4), a small Cucumber Salad and an Egg Drop soup (all of this food wasn't all just for me, I swear!  :P) ran about 36 bucks.  A lot of food, but still a bit on the pricy end.  Very good quality, I highly recommend this place if your are in the mood for Thai.
5	I love their lunch specials! Amazing food and great price for lunch. Super easy ordering online and delivery is quick. Yellow curry and crab rangoon is my go to order!! Great service too. Staff is super friendly and attentive.
4	always good and have been there numerous times and had decent service. Sometimes it's a little slow, but worth the wait
4	Had dinner here again. This time service was a little bizarre. I think there may have been a slight language barrier. She got the entire parties' order correct and was pleasant but was just a little slow. We ordered 4 dishes and shared it family style. Every dish was delicious and the appetizers were great. We had the shrimp and a cream cheese something or other.
2	I use to love this place then I went to Weeria Thai on the other side of town and my standards have changed!  Ordered out last night from Thai House.  Tom Kha Gai soup was good, Pad Thai was missing somthing like peanut sauce, Cashew Chicken veggies were great, chicken bland and a few cashews, Pad See Ew was good but beef a little grisly.  Makes me sad as they are just around the corner from me.
5	I have been coming here for years, they have the best curry anywhere! The service has always been very good combined with the cleanliness of the restaurant I give it 5 stars.
5	This is my Thai go to spot. They are super nice, clean, great food and service. My favorite is spicy mint chicken and Penang chicken. My girl loves the spicy eggplant with fried tofu, the steamed is to mushy and doesn't soak the flavor in.  Great portions too...There is a guy that sings at night on weekends which is kind of funny not terrible just weird match. I wish they would fix their cords on the stage its an eyesore. The rest of the place has nice wood ornamental cabinetry and Thai decor. 2 thumbs up regular place for us. online ordering works well too and better to use if you want things a special way.
5	My family and I love this place. Food is is really tasty!  It's our favorite Thai restaurant to go to.  We've brought friends and family here and they too love it!    Highly recommend Larb, Tom Kha (shrimp), Beef Panang, and Thai Tea with cream!
5	Service is a little slow but very warming and helpful. I enjoyed the food. The owners have a gold mine. This place is amazing.  The waitress I had was amazing. I wish I knew her name. They just earned a regular customer. Thank you for amazing experience my first time eating there.
2	I ordered the Thai BBQ chicken and spent more time sifting tiny bone shards from my mouth than actually eating. I expected some bones, but this was as if they pounded it out with a hammer before cooking it. The amount of shattered bone slivers and pieces was extremely annoying. Aside from the food the place could use a good cleaning. Thai and Vietnamese food are the new hot trends in dining. Southeast Asian food is great! And there are many great Thai restaurants in the area. I'd like to see this place step it up and become competitive, but for me once is enough.
4	The food was good , the ambience was good as well . The night we were there, i wasn't sure if they were understaffed. There was no receptionist to welcome the guests. Looks like there were only three servers that night . Although  understaffed  , our server made sure we were satisfied . Like what I mentioned , the food's very good . We'll definitely come back when we're in Vegas!
3	I've been going to this Thai house for about 4 years I believe and I think they've changed cooks. I used to order pad Thai from them all the time and the past two times I went, it was really gross. Noodles weren't cooked all the way and they loaded way too much sauce so it was overly sour and salty. It surprised me because last year I ordered a party platter of the pad Thai for a party and it was amazing. Stay away from the pad Thai, but the pad see ew and chicken lahb is always good and so is there curry! However, make sure you specify the spice level. I ordered a no spiced curry once and it tasted like a 5!
1	I just ordered food from here no less than 10 mins ago and the food was disgusting. First, upon the arrival of my food the deliver driver was careless with my order so that all the sauce that my food was cooked in spilled out of the container and was all in the bottom of the bag soaking my rice and soup in it's juice. So i ordered the Chinese's broccoli with salty fish and it was disgusting. The broccoli was extremely greasy and the fish was over cooked and hard and still had PLENTY of bones left in it. Then i order the egg flower soup which . . . "sigh" . . . was so sad it can't even be called soup. It had absolutely no flavor and was EXTREMELY thick and gooey. I just smh and pushed it to the side, giving up on tonights dinner. Most disgusting and unsatisfying thai food I have ever had in my life. The best thing that came out of my order was my thai tea .
4	I've been going here for over two years,  always for lunch.  It takes a while to receive your food but once we get it,  it's always great.  I always opt for the moo goo gai pan.  I don't like my veggies overcooked,  but more crispy.  They do a good job of that.  A tad bit pricy but the decor is very nice compared to similar restaurants.
4	Although I'd rate a few thai restaurants in the Las Vegas valley ahead of this place, I visit this place the most. I live close by, prices are nice, restaurants is usually clean, they have live music performers sometimes, and  their staff is friendliest in town. As far as the food goes, this place just does not make sense. You could order an item one night, and have an excellent experience, and order the same exact item the very next night ( which ive done several times), and be disappointed. The chicken fried rice, papaya salad, and tom yum gai are examples of this.  Ive had more great experiences then bad ones. Now that the weather is getting colder, ill be visiting quite often for their soups. I like this place!
4	Very nice place to go for an authentic Thai experience. They even have a performance on the last Friday of every month. Price is reasonable. Food is authentic. No MSG. Will go again.
5	Friendly employees work here and treat the customers well.  Every experience has been excellent.  The food tastes delicious. Seating is clean, comfortable and plentiful.  I wish I had more time in general to sit down and dine in because the space is so inviting and the staff makes you feel like staying.  I dislike ordering to go so often but I love the taste and have a busy schedule.  Of particular note was Thanksgiving weekend.  They featured Pan-Asian instrumental music, live dancing and singing, and other entertainment on the stage up front.  It was a nice touch.  It would be nice if I lived closer to the restaurant :-).  Please dine here if you like positive experiences.
5	I've been eating here for years.  I compare all Thai Restaurants around the Country to this place and it's hard for find one better.  The food is amazing as well as the staff.  They have live music entertainment on the weekend. My favorite is the Yellow Curry Chicken and the Pepper Seafood Combo.
1	Yuck!! The worst Pad Thai ever! It smelled awful.  I will never order food from them again. The Pad Thai was dry and just not good at all! I'm disappointed to say the least. Very nice service but the food doesn't match the service.
3	Came here for a lunch special, I guess they dont do that on Sundays. I was pretty close to leaving (to Sushi Mon, because they have lunch specials on Sundays). Food has always been good. But I opted for their daily $5 deals. They are mounted on the walls, but lack any descriptions. I asked my waittress to describe what is in them, she had a heavy accent so that did not help either. I had the Thai Pho, its chicken, which is not advertised. You can ask for meatballs, the waittress said they can remove some chicken to add them. Its a small bowl.The hot wings looks like a buffalo flavor but its actually sweet chili.Overheard 2 other customers ask for the lunch special. Hmm, maybe they should do something about that...
5	Really nice staff and some relaxing live music too. A friend told me about this place and recommended the yellow curry. I had it with chicken and it was delicious! The panang curry is also good here. I'll be back for sure.
3	Average Thai food. Service is a little slow but they try. I just want to let everyone know that they put so much sugar in all their food. Including their Tom Kha. So if you don't want all your food sweet, this place is not for you. Warning: They charge $.50 without telling you before if you ask for easy ice on your drink.
1	Who charges extra to get a drink with easy ice??? This is not right. And they don't even tell you until the bill comes. The food was good. Got the pad Thai, green curry, and Tom kha soup. Everything was pretty sweet. Just a heads up seems like they put sugar in everything.
