5	This is my new favorite spot for Indian food. I just had Shrimp Briyani  and Paneer makhani. The food was delicious. Also, the manager Emily and her staff are great and very hospital. I will be coming back here frequently with friends and family.
5	Spectacular buffet lunch.   I don;t always indulge in Indian food, but this place may change my opinion. While many place serve stale indian food, I think this place makes em fresh and in small batches to keep the food great.Tandoori chicken is superb. You can tell it just came out of the tandoor.  Crispy and juicy. Lot of flavorful spices.  The biryani is awesome. Fluffy, light, super aromatic.  Lots of servers and they keep an eye on the food at all times so they never run out. The naan is served in small batches too, to keep em from getting soggy.  Come ready to eat cos you just can stop!!
3	Good service .. buffet food is NO Salt and NO spicy.  I would skip the buffet and try the dinner. Ensure you tell them Indian Spicy or else you would get with NO salt
4	Excellent Indian cuisine.  I have not tried the buffet yet, however the food off the menu was great.  We started with samosas for appetizers.  I had the chicken tika masala and it was delicious.   The naan bread was buttery and very tasty.  I plan to go back and give the buffet a try.
4	Awesome buffet for Indian, one of the better choices since they have variety in dishes and not the more traditional sides that you would normally see at other buffets. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the price point. The going rate on a buffet has been 6.99-9.99 on weekends. This restaurants has a rate hike on Friday and another for Saturday and Sunday. The problem is they have not posted their prices anywhere. So knowing that Indian restaurants have different prices on the weekend I went on Monday and again on Friday (yes, its that delicious) to be caught off guard with the changes in price. To plan for a great customer experience, please post your buffet fee in your restaurant. This is the second time I have encountered this with the local Indian restaurants in this area.Pros-great food, good serviceCons-I can't see how they justify hiking the price on Fridays with virtually no difference in the offering. I know its just a buck but still I am not sure its a 9.99 buffet to begin with.
5	Delicious! Amazing, fresh food. Creative dishes. Wonderful staff. LOVE this place. Returning ASAP. :)
5	excellent lunch buffet.i was very much delighted with the service. Tandoori chicken i  liked the most and the goat biryani is tooo god.One of the best indian restaurants.
5	In the top 3 BEST Chicken Tikka Masala I have ever had! Very robust and rich flavor. Check out this place, you will love it!
5	This is the best Indian cuisine we've had in the Charlotte area. The Daal Bukhara is rich and satisfying with lovely heat. The Aloo Gobhi, also vegetarian, had subtle flavors and a great balance of heat and texture. We had a very helpful and attentive server, Nick, as was the rest of the staff. Highly recommend! Please join us in keeping this northland gem busy!
5	I was out on a date and the young lady I was with said she was craving Indian food so we decided to stop in and check this place out. I couldn't be happier that we found this gem. The food was fantastic; some of the most flavorful food I've ever eaten. On top of the mouth watering deliciousness of their menu selections, the service was top notch! I'll definitely be visiting them when I'm in that area again.
4	My wife and a friend visited for the first time last night for dinner. Service was quick, courteous, and helpful as we asked about dishes that were not spicy, to those that were highly so (wife vs husband!). Had apps and three entrees. All agreed all were excellent (especially butter chicken and meshi [?] chicken, both non-spicy). Atmosphere is pretty basic, but restaurant is clean and obviously popular with the local Indian crowd - always a good sign!  I felt the menu offered many items not typically seen in Indian restaurants, which was nice. Lots of vegetarian dishes also. Highly recommended; we'll be back soon. (PS - they have lunch buffet every day, which we haven't tried, but do feel the price is quite high, compared to other Indian lunch buffets around the city).
5	First timer at this restaurant - but like Indian food for the spice. Waiter was very helpful with the menu pointing out food that was both spicy and not so spicy. The food was excellent - look forward to my next dinner date at this restaurant with my wife.
4	Oh my goodness!  I couldn't even get in the door of this place as people were piled up in there so that already tells you the food is legit......yep, a serious line to get in the restaurant and another line for the buffet and it's all worth it.....they serve many of the regular Indian favorites on the buffet plus mango pudding:-)  My new Indian crush......
5	I love Indian food!  I've dined at this place 6 times now (2x buffet, 1x take out, 3x dinner menu) and each time has been amazing.  Food has been fresh and delicious.  I can only speak for the vegetarian dishes because that's what I like, and they are comfort food.The samosas (appetizer) are perfection!  Honestly, I can just have that as a meal and leave a happy girl.  The Kofta dish is amazeballs ... literally!  The aloo gobi is refreshing!  Naan is soft, chewy and fresh.  Service is warm and inviting. Complimentary thin cracker bread is served with three chutneys.  The red/onion one is my favorite.All in all this little place is at the top of my list these days.
5	This restaurant is amazing. The staff is wonderful and the food is out of this world. You will not be disappointed!
5	This was the best Indian food I've had in ages. The Chicken Khorma was sublime. If the food wasn't a little on the pricey side, I would eat it every day! I am hoping to try the buffet soon. So far, we have done only take out because we have two small children that don't always behave in restaurants,  but the take out is delicious!  I can't wait to go back!
5	Great lunch buffett!!Everything is delicious amd the staff is extremely friendly/attentive.  Butter chicken is great and unfortunately thats one of the only things I can pronounce lol. I go to the lunch buffett for that reason.I have a few indian friends who also give it their stamp of approval.  Not an intimate ambiance at all though.
5	We had been to Persis in Ballantyne before and absolutely loved it, but this was our first time trying this location. It was awesome.Firstly, playing Bollywood songs on the TV gets me. Every time. I can't stop singing those songs and it makes me enjoy my food so much more. They also had the India-Australia cricket match playing on another TV which my boyfriend, who is learning to understand cricket, loved watching.We ordered the chilli paneer appetizer, which was yummy. Chilli chicken tends to be spicy, so make sure to adjust your spice levels accordingly. The flavors melded well, and the paneer had absorbed the spices well. For entree we ordered the goat biryani (anyone surprised?) It was amazing, obviously. If you have never had goat before, you should definitely try it here for the first time. The biryani came with raita (chopped salad in thin yogurt) and a thick curry.The manager / captain was very nice. He was very attentive, as were the servers, and they all kept asking if everything was good, but not in the intrusive manner. We will definitely be back soon. I'm already drooling at the thought of their biryani.
5	looking for a place to go on Monday night when our normal place was closed we found this gem.  the staff is very attentive and made some wonderful recommendations.  they even catered to us due to some food allergies, going so far to check in the kitchen and even bring out some ingredients to verify that they would meet our needs.  then there was the food! some of the best Indian food we've had in the Charlotte area.  we are already planning another trip with friends.  The best Indian restaurant in the university area.
5	Hands down, this is the best casual Indian restraunt that I have found in the North Charlotte area.  Since I introduced my boyfriend to the incredible south Asian fare that is Indian a few years ago, we have become regulars at the lunch buffets in our area.  Persi's instantly became a hit from the first time we tried it in early December, soon after they opened.The presentation of the food is absolutely gorgeous, with raw onions and fresh lime as an accompaniment choice and at least six different sauces to choose from - the cilantro sauce is my favorite, pureed to perfection and extremely fresh.  The Butter Chicken is a hit with everyone who I have taken there, but my favorite entree is the Paneer Saagwala.  The taste is exquisite with the homemade cream based sauce and tons of spinach throughout.  I cannot get enough of it, especially when they have it featured in the lunch buffet.  The Naan is baked to perfection as well.  Slightly crunchy on the bottom where it sat on a stone but fluffy and dense on the top - its the best tool to soak up the rest of the rich sauces from the entrees or use it as a spoon to scoop up your meal.  The grand finale for me is always the dessert.  With the lunch buffet, there is a different option daily.  The mango pudding is a delicious way to end, with a mouse-like consistency and a creamy taste that isn't overwhelmingly sweet.  The Shahi Tukra, a very rare treat to find, is absolutely to die for.  Bread soaked in regular and condensed milk with almonds and cardamom.. I don't eat bread very often, but this is definitely a time that I will splurge.Prepare to go home fully stuffed and comforted after your meal.  The servers are always very attentive and the owner remembers us when we come in, making me feel welcome.  There's no better way to spend lunch - or if you are like my boyfriend and I who eat breakfast at 11:30, no better way to start your day.
5	First time here after moving back to Charlotte. Absolutely loved it. Everything we ordered was so awesome. Biriyani is a must have here. I so wish that this place is near our home!
4	I like this place. Went for a full feast of a dinner with about 10 people. Service was quick. Food was brought out at an acceptable pace.Decor is not really that inspiring or noticeable, but the servers did make for a enjoyable experience by not being so intrusive or annoying.All of the dishes we ordered was cooked correctly and to my liking except for one. The lamb rogan josh was over cooked and was too chewy. But we pretty much ordered everything else off of the menu and everything was delicious.I would definitely recommend this place, and I plan on going back just to try the Lamb Rogan Josh again and give it another try. If it is still not cooked correctly, I will update the review and rating.
3	Being from India, we eat Indian food several times a week both at home and outside the house.  Persi's has a great reputation and they didnt let down on our visit. Good food for a lunch buffet overall.  The selection is not big but it was all pretty good.  My favorite was the chicken tikka masala with white rice.  The chicken biryani was also good but it was a bit on the spicy side.  Intense flavors are good but the heat was a bit overbearing.  The desserts lacked as they only had gulab jumun and fresh fruit.  It was good but I was left wanting something more.
5	This was really the best India buffet lunches I have experienced.  I am not a great big fan of Indian cuisine but when I can see and read what I am about to consume, it's a lot easier.  With numerous selections, I made two trips to the buffet for lunch and I never do that!  I ate way more than I should have.  The best items were chicken and vegetable biryani, butter chicken (delicious), papad, plantains, and the fresh fruit.  Everything I had was delicious because I selected them.  My only issue was that mango pudding was not on the buffet this particular day.  Otherwise, this was a great meal and really look forward to returning.  Oh, and service was great and I ran into a former co-worker!
4	A group of us from work had lunch here today for the first time.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food.  Because it was lunch it was buffet style (I hear dinner is sit down affair so I may be back to try that).  The plates reminded me of camping, they are all tin/silver , even the cups and small dishes.  I tried just about everything and all was excellent, my favorites was the butter cheese (paneer) and also the fried cauliflower.  I was too scared to try the goat though.The main reasons I knocked a star off was because the selection was a little bit light, both Aroma and Tulips (the two other places we frequent in the area have larger selections).  Also, the Naan was burnt but that could have just been that batch.I will most certainly be back for another visit.
3	Ok ok biryani. Too pricey buffet
4	Whaaaaaaaaat!! How have I not known about this place?!?! Other cities have way better options on desi food and I've always been generally disappointed in the options in and around Charlotte but this place has won me over. We tried several dishes and all were flavorful, warm, and fresh. I didn't get the "this just came out of a can/box/whatever" feel from this place and I love that! The restaurant wasn't super busy around 730 on a Monday night but they did have a steady stream of customers (desi people eat late....LOL). Anyway, the servers were very attentive and quickly and efficiently brought and removed items to and from the table. Cannot wait to go back and try more dishes!
5	Best meal I've had in Charlotte. Stopped in for dinner and had a terrific experience.Nice atmosphere, great menu, terrific service at very reasonable price.We had onion pakoda appetizer, chicken tikka and navrathan korma entrees.Food prepared perfectly and was simply delicious.Service attentive but not over bearing.Prices very reasonable. Good beer and wine selectionAll in all, a great experience and will certainly be back again!
1	This is one of the popular indian restaurants in the Charlotte area. I had visited this place almost close to 15 times since I Iiked their food quality.But down the line unfortunately their service had gone pathetic. The manger and the servers started behaving rude and they never responded to our requests. After all service is equally important as the quality of the food and hopefully their management realizes this pretty soon!
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch during the work day. Their buffet has a great variety, is fresh with options for apps, entrees and dessert.Everything was clean and well labeled.It's a great deal at $12 for all you can eat. The wait staff was super attentive (almost too much so) but hate to knock a place for that.Love the large selection of sauces with the small containers.
5	This was my first Indian cuisine meal.   The did was full of flavor and a great variety on the buffet at lunch.   Will go back!
5	Best Indian Restaurant in Charlotte: My wife is from India and I'm from the USA and because of her I've learned to not only like but love Indian food.  We've eaten at pretty much every place in Charlotte and while most of it is fine Persis is hands down the best.  To get there we have to travel a bit to get there but it is absolutely worth the time. (Persis... consider a West side restaurant:)Over time I've learned that Indian food is rather complex and with that is easy to do wrong and hard to do right and Persis is doing everything right. Persis is that the restaurant has a bright, comfortable and open atmosphere with a nice sized buffet at a fair price.The Biryani is outstanding and my favorite 'Butter Chicken' is the best I've had anywhere.  Suggest having the butter chicken on top of the Biryani...Ok... after writing this I have no choice but to go back again today!Bravo Persis!
4	Really good!  Introduced to Indian food in Austin and I've been looking for a good place in Charlotte for a while. This is it!
5	Top notch Indian cuisine in a very comfortable and hospitable environment.  Staff was very friendly and quick to make suggestions that appeared both on and off the menu.  I have dined in many different Indian restaurants in different cities and countries, and this place is among the best.
1	I like this place but totally dissappointed the last time I ordered a biryani to-go.I asked for spicy and they just mixed up raw green chilli paste in the biryani. It was a larger order and had to throw away most of it.Dear Persis.. Spicy means more masala not adding raw chillies or its paste to the Biryani.
1	Unfortunately it's the worst Indian restaurant I've ever tasted. Greesy food and the goat biryani was bone & fat biryani. The side orders were not good either. Definitely do not recommend it.
1	The food is good, but I'd prefer it to be a bit more spicy. The reason for the 1 star review is because they charge a mandatory gratuity when you have 5 or more people.  The wait staff will fail to mention this until the check comes. I've never seen a restaurant charge a mandatory tip for as little as 5 people.... especially at buffet where you do most of the work yourself!!!
5	After visiting Persis Biryani in the south side...the best thing that happened for me as a foodie.....is to come to Persis Biryani on the north side.  It is the best Indian buffet I have ever had.  And yes.....I have been too too many to count.  Whether with a party of 1 or party or party of many...we are always greeted and welcomed to the restaurant by Ashwin or one of the great staff.  Timing is essential for weekend or weekday lunch.  Get there at the right time and you can get right into the buffet.  Everything is always presented so well.  From the sauces to the fruits to the biryanis....the rusam....the sambhar....the naan...the masala....the curries....everything is simply so so so good!  You have to be careful though....the food is so great...you can lose count of the number of plates you have eaten!!!  You have to save room for gulab jaman or rice pudding or the halwa!!!   All deserts to round off a perfect filling lunch buffet.  I look forward to my weekly visits either from home on the weekend...or from downtown Charlotte during the week.  Persis Biryani North has become the number one restaurant for our event celebrations....from birthdays...to showers!!!!!!   Looking forward to next visit!!!!
5	I've had a few disappointments recently at Persis, but overall the food is still my favorite Indian in the University area. if you are looking for something spicy, try the Gobi 65 appetizer. It's harsh and spicy but amazing! Unfortunately, the last time the Gobi was not crispy even though we ordered it extra extra crispy. When brought to the server's attention, he argued at first until we asked him to take it back to the kitchen. He returned shortly thereafter only to tell us that the kitchen said it was perfectly done. Since I've been to Persis and ordered this exact dish many times and it's always been crispy, I'm going to overlook it. But it was not a pleasant experience and made me reluctant to go back for a while. To be fair, the waiter later told us that the main chef was off that night, so I assume the Gobi got tossed in the sauce and left to get soggy for a few minutes. Timing is key on this dish. We've also recently tried the Chicken Tikka appetizer, and it was great.  It's served on a cast iron skillet with cabbage, onions and extra sauce in the bottom so no bite is without flavor.
2	The food is really good, the head server is rude and the service is slow
5	Let me start by saying this is some of the best Indian food I've had. I set my standards low because coming from Atlanta I didn't expect much. However, the service and food at dinner was fantastic. Our waiter was polite and helpful at recommending dishes. He checked on us regularly and we never had to wait very long. We got chicken tikka masala and another dish that I can't remember the name of (it is green and has spinach and cottage cheese). Both were delicious, especially when paired with the garlic naan bread. I'd definitely recommend this place. I can't wait to go back.
5	Food here is always amazing. This is the only Indian restaurant that I will come to. Korma Chicken and Methi Chicken are my favorites!!
5	My husband and I had lunch here today and I have to say we were both blown away by how hot, fresh and delicious everything was. That's after having been to both Tulips and Passage to India; neither one of them comes close to Persis. The restaurant is bright, open and very welcoming, with additional seating outside. My favorite was the chicken 65 which was  not very spicy but they have lots of spices that you can add to it and things to cool off your food too it's too spicy. The goat was perfectly cooked and the chicken curry is really spicy but not too spicy; again you can heat up or cool off your food as you wish. We were the only people that did not appear to be of Indian heritage in the restaurant so that tells me you're onto something. If you haven't gone you're really missing out. I have a new job in the area and they deliver on Tuesday Wednesdays and Thursdays so I plan on telling everybody at work about it. You owe it to yourself to try this restaurant. It costs 10.99 during the week and 11.99 on the weekend. It's well worth the price and we'll definitely be back.
5	By far the best Indian food in the area my wife and I have eaten at numerous Indian restaurants around the country and Persis is definitely worth the price of admission. The other restaurants In the area are ok but Persis is definitely better overall and the service and ambience are very friendly and welcoming. We had the buffet today and it was phenomenal there was plenty to choose from and everything tastes delicious and are authentic. Try it out you will be pleased you did.
3	Food Rating: 5Service: 1This place has very good food but the service is terrible. The lunch buffet is never ready when they open at 11:30. You have to sit and wait 10 to 15 minutes for them to put everything out. If you are going to open at 11:30, be ready at 11:30! If you order any drink other than water you are lucky to get it before you are finished with your meal.
3	Disappointing. The butter chicken had too much garam masala in it, which seems like a common problem in many Indian restaurants in the US. The butter naan was overdone. The service was good though - the waiters were very softspoken and polite. The decor was nice. The place was full on a Saturday night.
1	Biryani was tasteless  there was no salt at all very greecey . Meat was not cooked u have to improve ur quality
4	A very authentic style Indian restaurant off of Mallard Creek Church road, Persis delivered high quality, delicious food at a reasonable price - a good value.  The food itself was spicier than many of the other Indian places in town, and certainly tasted a bit more authentic than their competitor's fare as well.  The day I went, I tried several dishes including a chili, vegetarian curry of sorts (the name was all in Indian, so I'm not really sure what it was called), Chicken Tika Masala, and a Goat curry.  The chili curry was great, set your hair on fire, delicious.  Really a star.  The Tika Masala was pretty decent as well, and actually had a bit of spice in it, which is quite different than some of the other places around town that serve the same dish.  I also really enjoyed the Goat curry, although it may be a bit more "extreme" than some casual Indian foodies might like seeing as how much of the goat meat came "bone-in" style.  I wish they didn't crisp the naan so much, but really... it was a minor imperfection in the grander scheme.  Service was fine, but then again it was a buffet, so I'd rather not venture a critique on that.  Overall the experience was great however.  Decent food, decent location with easy access to the main road, in, out, stuffed so full you pass out at your 2pm meeting - a winner!
3	We go to Persis Biryani once a week on average. The food is that good! I'm giving this one star tonight however. I recommend perhaps not going here on a Tuesday night. The food while delicious as usual came to us via perhaps the worst service we experienced since Persis opened in the University City area. Usually the restaurant is slammed and the table service is amazing...tonight they were slow and both the table service and friendliness of the staff earned a D minus.
5	Best indian food I have eaten in a very long time. Came here twice in 3 days. Afternoon buffet covers it all. Must try if you are in neighborhood.
1	We used to be regulars at the Ballantyne Persis. When they opened one in the university area, we were super excited. The initial few weeks were met with over flowing crowds and exceptional food and we were frequent visitors. Over the course of few months, the quality of food came down and their service deteriorated to abysmal levels. The crowds dried down too understandably. A few weeks ago on a Wednesday we dropped in at 9.10 PM (They close at 9.30 weekdays) and were very hungry. Even though several tables were empty, we were asked to wait. We waited for about 15 mins without being seated. After calling out for attention, one of the waiters informed us that they cannot seat us since they are about to close and can only serve take-out from a limited menu. I walked out in a fit of rage vowing to never go back there. This place deserved only 1 star for their customer service.
5	love this place the food was awesome nice and spicy. Great selection and friendly staff. well definitely go back again for the lunch  buffet
4	Came here last night for dinner. This was my first time having Indian food. The restaurant itself was nice, nothing extravagant. The service was good. The waiter had a really good feel for the menu and was able to give great recommendations. Both of our entrees was really good. I'll be back to try the buffet to try some more indian food.
2	You will see I left them a rave review at one point. Well, they changed recipes and most of their food tastes different.  Went twice more just to make sure it wasn't an off day. Dont bother doing here .....
5	I think I found my Friday night place to hang out. Very nice attendants and very fresh tasty food. They have a very nice cocktail menu as well with kool play of words was interesting.
1	Never go here for dinner. My family went here for dinner and it took them 45 minutes to bring our food while the people around us who came much later were instantly served. The staff quality was bad too. The waiter  dropped my food and spilled my water on me and all I got  was a sarcastic sounding sorry. The food was alright but Passage to India closeby is much better in terms of customer service and quality.I will never eat at Persis again.
2	The food is inconsistent in flavor. The naan bread had dry shaker garlic on it (YUCK) the dish I got did in no way tasted the same as the last time. The water carafe was dirty too. The service is severely lacking. I waited 45 minutes for a refill on my soda and never got one! It took 1 1/2 hours to eat dinner. I think they were doing a event along with takeout and dine in customers, they just could not handle it! Food was going to the wrong tables and other people were visibly pissed off. I'm not sure if I will go back.
1	I was expecting that my craving for the good chicken biryani will be fulfilled at this place. I heard many great things about this place, especially about the biryanis. As the name of the establishment says, it has to be good because it's in their name. :-)I was totally and utterly disappointed that night. May be they are good with biryanis. May be they are awesome with their biryanis. May be what I heard about them, before I went there it's true. But not on that night.I went solo as always, and I sat at the table. Without going through the whole menu, I ordered chicken biryani. I can see an expression on the face of the person waiting the tables. He repeated what I said by adding one word. I asked for chicken biryani. He said, "just" chicken biryani?. I confirmed, yes - just chicken biryani. He recommended me to have medium spicy as I can't handle hot spicy based on the "Indian spice Scale". I don't want to take any chances. Most often the hot spicy is just uneatable. So I went with medium spicy.Apparently, someone from a small group on the other table ordered chicken biryani. So I got an assurance in my mind that their chicken biryanis must good here, as someone else has also ordered chicken biryani.I could not taste any flavor, that kick, that something which would make me call it even a decent chicken biryani. It was a disappointment. I was very hungry by 7:30pm, and by the time I got my food I was at the peak. So I ate faster than usual with the hope that I will get the good part or good feeling after few bites. I could not feel it even after working on half of the portion.The guy from the small group who had ordered chicken biryani, called the waiter and informed him that the chicken biryani is flavorless. The fun part of going solo is, I can listen and eves-drop at other peoples conversation, sometimes without any intention as people can be loud in the public places, you know. ;-) That customer's buddy, asked him to speak with the waiter in Telugu, which he did. Waiter replied in Telugu. I understand Telugu and can speak Telugu. Why someone needs to have conversation in Telugue specifically? Interesting! The waiter took the chicken biryani plate and came back probably with the flavorful chicken biryani. I was thinking if I should inform the waiter the same about my chicken biryani which was more than half eaten by this time. I felt robbed that the only thing I came for and the only thing I ordered, was not anywhere close to what I wanted, what I expected, what I heard about. But I was hungry, and ate the whole biryani. While paying the cheque, I tried to put politely to the waiter that the chicken biryani did not feel like it. There is "just" that thing is missing, you know, that makes it chicken biryani. He said we make fresh and something else that I don't remember as I was absorbed in my thoughts about whether I should give this place another try next time whenever it is. He asked me if I speak Telugu. I don't know why this is a relevant question in this discussion. I said yes without thinking much as I do speak and understand Telugu.Anyways, the bottom-line is that, it wasn't the good dinner. I could fill my belly but not my soul. I walked out of there unfulfilled. Keep in mind we Indians are all about food. So, will I be at this place next time?
5	Very authentic cuisine.. Great food.. Friendly staff..there chicken 65, goat sukka and Andhra chicken curry are my all time favorite dishes.. Waiter are always helpful and gives good suggestions about food.. Best place to gather..
5	I love the buffet here. I get to try a lot of different Indian dishes. I've had the weekday buffet for $9.99 the weekend buffet for $11.99 and the special buffet on Christmas for $14.99. The special buffet has goat, lamb, fish and chicken and unlimited mango lassi. Weekday buffets have chicken, paneer and veggies and usually tea or orange drink.Lots of Indians eat here so that's a good sign. I like this buffet more than the others I have tried.
