5	oh man, when ever the girls are in vegas.... after a long nite partying and after sleepin' in until 4 in the afternoon -- nothing is better than getting a delivery of lucille's bbq -- slab of ribs and steak and jambalaya!! they are soo good....when the boys that we left back home have behaved well and were good while we were gone -- we sometimes remember to stop off at lucille's for lunch right before our flight out and bring them a slab home... =P
5	I honestly didn't think I'd ever get good BBQ outside of Kansas City, Memphis or Austin. However, i ordered the Beef Ribs and Pulled Pork combo platter, and was quite surprised. They served the enormous plate with three totally different styles of sauce that covered every style...
5	This restaurant deserves more than two reviews -- it deserves thousands, all raves.  We have been coming here practically since the first day it opened.  We bring all our friends here and it is the first place they want to go to when they come back to visit again.You can smell the smoky goodness from the parking lot and the taste of the ribs is even better.  I have been a die hard pork rib lover for many years, but I have to say that the Beef Ribs (also known as Beef Candy in our house) are in another category of superb.  But wait -- there is more.  Although it may be hard to pass up the ribs, I often do, in favor of the gumbo -- rich with roux, smokey with chicken and sausage and sweet with rock shrimp.  And my husband will come just for the greens and grits, though I prefer the crisp fries and the creamy garlic mashed spuds.  Don't worry about filling up on the tasty appetizers and entrees, the desserts are less than stellar.If you have a craving for tender smoked meat with a variety of sauces you will be totally satisfied at Lucille's.
3	I went in the mid-afternoon and walked right in, but friends tell me this place has 90-minute waits on weekend nights. Why???It's cute, in a kitsch sort of way. And the grits I had were undeniably good. But the 'cue was really sad. Smoked brisket shouldn't need a knife! And the pork ribs were bland and boring. All three of the sauces were sicky-sweet, and the portions were obscene -- the photo above is a lunch-size half order, and it was still way too much for one person.
3	Average. I spent a year in Memphis Tennessee. It ruined me for local barbeque. So far NOTHING, i mean NOTHING, especially Lucille's would even browse my Memphis top 10. It's unfortunate because besides my friends, my bars and the rainstorms it's the only thing I really miss about Memphis. The pulled pork is OK. The chicken is ok. The fried ocra is awesome. The portions are huge. So far it's the only place I can get honey butter for the biscuits. It's very popular so it's got to be good right? Well so is Taco Bell. Nuff said.
4	The sampler appetizer was greasy and notso special... The tri-tip was really REALLY good, and the drinks were poured well... They have a few options for BBQ sauce, and if I was a big fan of BBQ, I would probably rate this place a 5... But I'm not and because of that I can take it or leave it. My friends who really dig BBQ though think Lucilles is the Bee's Knees.
4	Yes, it's a chain restaurant, but oh my is it awesome. We ordered a full rack of ribs that was about a two feet long. It was incredible. The barbeque was generally Kansas City style, everything was served "wet" (cooked with the sauce on it already). Very good BBQ, outdoor seating, a very LARGE jar of muddy water (arnold palmer)...can't really be beat. Good escape from The Strip if you're a visitor. Plus you can check out the Green Valley Ranch, which is a really nice Casino next door. Service was average, prices were pretty good for a good BBQ joint.Went there on a Saturday night once and they had a live blues band. They were enjoyable, if not a little too loud on the volume (it's not a rock concert and the bar is tiny!). This is a good bet for BBQ if the mood the strikes you.
5	Freakin loved this place. I've been living in Vegas for about three years now, and when I first heard about this place about a year ago I knew I had to go. Anyway, I finally got to go two weeks ago to celebrate my 24th birthday. The ribs are wonderful, and you can choose from three different sauces to put on your ribs: Old Fashioned Barbeque, Memphis Barbeque, and a spicy barbeque sauce. The biscuits were soft, warm, and the cinnamon butter was an added bonus. The service was friendly and attentive. The day I went which was a Saturday, their was a live band playing the blues. In order to be fair, I do highly recommend this estabilishment, but be prepared to have up to a 90 minute wait, and Lucille's does not take reservations.
3	We've been drawn into eating at Lucille's countless times because of the amazing smells from it drifting throughout The District, but unfortunately the food rarely satisfies.The best dish I've had here was a seafood risotto that was on special. There is nothing really wrong with any of the food. It's decent BBQ, and probably some of the best in Vegas, but I can't help but think there could be better.
4	I don't really have many bad things to say about this place.  The ribs are great, the bbq chicken is great, and so are the other types of meat like brisket and such.  I've had real southern cooking, and it's not quite exactly the same, but it's good nonetheless.  The portions are huge.  The sweet tea is delicious.  My only small complain are some of their sides sound really good, but taste plain and bland.  The service is good.  I like their biscuits and apple butter which is awesome.  They also have extra sauce on the table if you need some more which a lot of people still use except for me.
4	The big question on the minds of BBQ lovers in the valley is Memphis or Lucille's. Well, I hate to be the spoiler but its a tie. It depends on the thing your after. Lucille's offers large portions of their signature BBQ with the cooker right in the dining room! They have a fantastic southern drink menu with things like mint julep on it. This place is always busy and has a great outdoor patio. They offer both Memphis and Texas style BBQ which is good, but always makes me wonder if they would do one better if they focused. The take out is awesome though!!! A great night in the district if your interested in good BBQ none the less.
3	My uncle who lives in Vegas has been raving about this place ever since they opened. I recently got a chance to eat their during a visit this summer.Man does this place get packed!!! Be smart, go to the bar order some drinks then take a seat at one of the tables when they open up. Much faster than waiting for a regular table. If you go during happy hour on Friday or Saturday, be prepare for some loud music. We were treated to a nice blues band during our dining experience, but it was loud.The barbeque is just okay and nothing to rave about. But their Gumbo hit the spot and was delicious. I was so glad that I ordered this instead of the ribs or the chicken.
3	I  usually eat in the bar  as it is much faster than waiting for a regular table.   Regardless, servers always seem like they are in the weeds.  I find the BBQ average regardless of some of the raves here.  I go for the blackened catfish on mustard sauce with greens and mashed potatoes with an Abita beer.  Overall, an average chain type restaurant with large portions and a great location.
5	Located at The District in Green Valley Ranch Lucille's is the best if you need to get your BBQ on.  Arrive hungry and leave 10 pounds heavier, in a good way.  Recently I went on a busy Saturday night, had to wait 45 minutes for a table outside.  (The weather was stellar, so the wait was worth it.)  No biggie on the wait, they have super cool pagers that you can carry and that work all over The District.  We opted to hang out at nearby Al's Garage and have a few beers while we waited for our pager to buzz us.We were seated outside where we could hear the live band inside still jamming.  NICE.  The service was excellent, our beers were ice cold, and the food was incredibly delicious.  My dining partner who is from Quebec, Canada  was shocked at how large the portions were.  HUGE portions!  We delighted in the following...To start, onion straws served with a delicious spicy ranch dippin sauce.  So good it should be illegal in all 50 states.The juiciest BBQ beef ribs known to man. (My chihuahua LOVES me forever after bringing home those bones!!)Tangy yummy baby back ribs.The softest juiciest pulled pork ever.BBQ Chicken that was to die for... juicy and smoked to perfection.Loaded baked potatoes and sweet corn on the cob (YUM!) were served on the side.Desert.  Are you kidding?  I practically needed to be rolled out of there.  It hurt to even think about desert! I love this place.  Ambiance is always nice, service is great, and the food has always been consistent in my half a dozen or so trips so far.
4	I really enjoyed my meal at Lucille's.  My friend and I had a super friendly waitress, which made the experience even better.  We went around 8:30 pm on a Thursday, so we had no wait for a table.  As for cleanliness, I have to say I can't stand sitting where there are dusty, dirty hanging light fixtures over the table- who knows what might fall into your food?  No such problem here- the fixtures were spotless, and the floors and tables were clean.I was able to try a little of several items: beef ribs, pork ribs, fried green tomatoes, biscuit, baked beans, cheeseburger (medium rare!), and shoestring fries. Everything was delicious.  At the table are three types of barbecue sauce to choose from, one of them hot, which I tend to avoid (my hot sauce-loving friend says it wasn't hot at all, but I thought it was comfortably spicy). All of them were quite good.The place is a tad pricey- we paid about $60 for two sodas, a beef rib appetizer, and our two entrees.  They put a basket with two biscuits on the table, and thank goodness there were only two because we would not have been able to eat our dinner! Neither of us could finish our meals anyway, so we had to take them home. I will definitely be back. This is the best-tasting barbecue I've had so far in Las Vegas.
1	From the previously frozen corn on the cob to the mediocre BBQ sauce, this place is the pits. I do like the way they throw all the 1950s furnishings and finishes in there randomly, and our waitress was good, but the food was weak and the people around us were getting horrible service. The table across from us sat there after finishing their meal waiting for the waiter to come back for almost the entire time we were there, and when he asked the host for the tab, he told the guy he should go find his waiter.Fried green tomatoes were OK, but not great. Sauce was actually pretty good; the highlight of our meal.The backbone of good BBQ is a good dry rub, and my chicken had none. I'm more of a fan of KC style BBQ, and I don't appreciate when it arrives already slathered in sauce, so I asked for mine dry. That was a mistake, as what came to my table looked like no more than a roasted half chicken. It didn't really taste slow-cooked either, and the meat did not fall apart like it should. Hell, I can cook a beer can chicken in 90 minutes and it falls off the bone. I don't believe they cooked this for half a day as they claimed. Even with any of the three sauces--which couldn't go head to head with Open Pit or KC Masterpiece--left me very disappointed.
5	We liked Lucille's so much we went there twice!  Loaded with personality, and I'm talking about the atmosphere and the staff in this Cajun/Creole influenced establishment when I say that, this place had an ambiance as welcoming a lemonade with your best friend on the screen porch during a warm summer night. It was a fun place to take the kids. Both times we went there was live music and all seemed entertained when our little ones decided to groove to it right next to our table. The smoked chicken was delicious, the onion straws were sinful and the ribs were out of this world! Even the sides were incredible --- my mouth is watering thinking about the garlic mashed potatoes.  Reasonable prices for what you get.  Pretty good kids menu.  Great people watching.  Call ahead to reserve a table, the place is popular and you will wait if you don't.Check 'em out at:http://www.lucillesbbq.com
4	i was first introduced to lucilles in LA - but was pleasantly surprised when it found its way to las vegas.i wont lie, ive sampled bbq from TX to TN to MS to SC to MO and back again. but the ribs at lucilles are pretty dang good. just recently a friend and i both ordered a full slab each, and we tried to have a rib eating contest amongst ourselves. the ribs were so good, that he and i both were winners regardless... but the portions were so huge - both he and i nearly died / overdosed on baby back goodness.they have a variety of their house blend bbq sauces on the table for you to slather on your bbq - my favorite being the spicy one.on a different occasion, ive had their mardi gras chicken dish - outstanding cajun flavors: chicken, shrimp, andoille sasuage and veggies over rice... ive also had their mixed meat plate: with ribs and hot link - i was surprised you get the whole hot link, uncut - extra bonus on how much meal you get for your money - in my opinion, this probably goes down as the best bbq in vegas.not quite 5 stars, as i thought the service was trying to keep up instead of being on point... in their defense it is busy there, but for all 5 stars - this would have to be exceptional at all levels... service was just ok.
5	If I could give more stars I would.Story of the day.1. Drive from Lake Havasu, included the time difference, stopped at Hoover Dam, got my fortune. It read " You are basically a kind a good person" well thank you.2. Arrived in Vegas to fly home to Oakland (with the ex, lived there at the time)3. Agreed on Luclle'e Smokehouse BBQ....this is where it gets fun. My family is from the south, and I think I had the opportunity to taste some of the greatest BBQ in all the land. From Texas to KCMO to Tennessee and down to Mississippi, I know good BBQ. I was wary about good BBQ being in Las Vegas though....4. Probably the best Bourbon Julep, Tri-Tip sandwich and sides I have ever tasted. I wanted to take a bath in the mac and cheese and tried to smuggle some of the coleslaw home with me, but I ate it before I left the parking lot.You must visit Lucilles. Read the funny history on the menu. Order a Julep. Walk around and check out the high end shops at "The District" when you're done.You will not be let down by Lucille's.
4	I'm not a huge meat eater, but at Lucille's, I turn rabid carnivore. I have to fight the urge to take down a cow by the hind haunches and eat it on the spot.  Whenever I'm in at the Green Valley Ranch, despite several excellent dining options, I have to eat at Lucilles.   They start with killer biscuits and apple butter, and their drinks come in massive Mason jars.  I usually get a chicken dish, and every single one has been sooooo tasty.  This past weekend, I got the Cajun Chicken sandwich and it was so good, I'm tempted to drive the five hours back to Vegas for it.  On previous visits, I've gotten the Po' Boy and the Southern Fried Chicken.  All are heart-cloggin' good!  I've heard that they have good desserts, but the portions are so big, that I've never been able to order one. The decor is corporate-country.  The seating isn't terribly comfortable and the restaurant is a little loud, so it's not a place to linger over your food.   There's usually a wait, unless you get there early.   After dinner, you can walk around the shops, or hit the casino for gambling or a movie.
4	Don't be a dummy like I am and take the server's advice and upgrade from a half rack of baby back ribs to a full rack for an extra $3.00 unless you can seriously consume a half a pig in one sitting.SO MUCH FOOD. HUGE PORTION SIZES.That's awesome if you're local and can reheat, but for out-of-towners like me on a business trip, it's a bit too much.Good sweet tea and amazing greens. The mac and cheese side was delicious. So was the artichoke appetizer. It's worth the drive out of Vegas if you've got a rental car. The can easily accommodate big groups, just make sure you give them notice that you're coming.What a find.
4	Pretty good eats.  They serve you water in mason jars.  You get bread with APPLE BUTTER prior to your meal.  YUM.I ordered a beef brisket platter, and was pleasantly surprised by its sheer size.  That is a LOT of food.  And you get two sides along with it - I chose the sweet corn (amaz.) and the garlic mashed potatoes (LURVE IT.)  Left quite full.And they have mojitos.  Of several different flavors.  Cucumber mojitos. what?And the ambience of this particular Lucille's, located in The District, is quite cute - it's as if you're in someone's home.All in all, a pretty good meal - not the best barbecue I've had, but still a pretty good meal.
3	Pork ribs were ok. Nothing special stand out though. The place is pretty nice though. The restaurant is huge and has a friendly atmosphere. Their  biscuits were pretty good.
3	I don't like BBQ, so take my review with a grain of salt.. I will say it saddens me that their BBQ baked potato is only available at lunch.. WTF, seriously this is the only thing I've found on the menu that I half way enjoy. GRRR... moving on, the sliders are decent, and my bf enjoys the beef tip. Drinks are ok priced (7.99 or so) and good! I love the backporch strawberry lemonade. If it wasn't for the biscuits with apple butter and yummy drinks I wouldn't keep letting my bf drag me back here.
4	My sis-in-law raved raved raved about Lucille's so we finally decided to go to the Henderson location when we were @ Lake Las Vegas for a mini getaway for the weekend.  Now we know why she loves this place.  The sides just alone is what will make me go back.  Oh, how can I forget the apple butter and the yummy bread.  Okay, just for the apple butter and bread...I'll go back in a heartbeat.  My hubby devoured the piggy ribs however, I wasn't such a fan for the beef ribs.  I thought they were too tough and heavy...I think I'll try a fish dish next time (the reason for 4 stars instead of 5).  Next time, I'm gonna leave room to try a dessert and not eat so much bread in the beginning.  Go go go if you crave BBQ!
5	This place is like a shack somewhere in the south. The food is yummy and great for families or big groups; you can order a couple different meats and sides. The ice tea is good, forget it...everything is good.  You can't go wrong here.
2	I was craving some BBQ and took my mom here.  The menu looked like it had great potential and our mouths watered from the variety of offerings.The biscuits were a bit heavy, but were tasty.  We split a two-meat combo. It was massive!!  We ordered the beef and the St. Louis ribs.  Both were on the tough side.  I had to ask the server if it was St. Louis or baby back ribs on the plate - because there was hardly any meat on it!  I was told St. Louis, but I swear they tasted like baby backs!We also didn't care for the mashed sweet potatoes - it tasted like baby food.  We did order the apple pie and it was generous and tasted good.  Overall, it looks like it's great for gorups, has big food and drink servings, but fell short in taste and authenticity.  If I were to choose to go to a BBQ  restaurant chain, I would go to a Tony Roma's.
5	best bbq ive had in vegas so far (ive had famous daves, and memphis champ.) I love the brisket and mac and cheese here. I also think the fries are good and my girlfriend loves the ribs. I think its a little pricey though compared to the other bbq places in town but its worth it. Service is decent, there seems to always be a wait but come hungry!
4	It's a Chain and usually I am partial to chains but Lucille's definitely does it right.  Been here a couple of times now and as I've eaten more and more BBQ over the years, I can now taste Bad BBQ and compare to Good or Great BBQ.  Lucille's I would definitely rate in the 8 out of 10 range.  They try to make the experience as authentic as possible with their shack-like decor, apple butter for their bread, jars for this drinks.  The portions are big and the service very friendly.....
5	The best BBQ I've ever tasted.  And you're talking to a guy who once went to Ft. Worth for a weekend just to sample authentic Texas BBQ!  Every meat item they serve is delicious, and the side dishes are of ample portion.  Chances are you won't finish your meal.  truly a great place if you like BBQ.
4	I'd been craving BBQ since I knew the Carnie Crew was gearing up for a field trip, and the last place I would've guessed that had it was Vegas.  Technically, this is Henderson, but it's about 10 min east of the airport.  Located in what seems like a fairly new outdoor shopping area, Lucille's is huge and service is absolutely top notch.  The portions looked huge, so come with an appetite.I ordered a bowl of the gumbo, which had a nice, smoky roux.  The roux is usually the tell-tale sign of a good gumbo, and while it was not down-home, hole in the wall NOLA good, it was unexpectedly great.  I enjoyed it and found the ratio of shrimp, chicken and sausage to be more than adequate.  The gumbo is served over a bed of rice, so it's almost a meal in itself.  For a Yelper, though?  BRING MORE FOOD!  So, with that, I ordered the Tri Tip Plate from the kids menu, which comes with a side of fries and mac & cheese.  I stuck with the meat, which was tender, moist, and nicely smoked.  Great place for two or groups and parking wasn't too bad.
4	The prices are quite high, but you will get a TON of food in return, and most of it is very good. nothing mind blowing or unlike anything i have ever tasted, but they know what they are doing and how to do it well. I highly recommend it. They have live blues music on some nights which is good, but note that if you are near the bar they play Quite loud, and it doesn't work for a nice quiet night out, it feels like you are at a concert.
4	It's been a while but this place is good!!!
4	had an Easter lunch there today and i have not tried their burgers before and had a basic cheese burger and was very good, had that backyard bbq taste, wife had the bbq chicken sliders and they were great. always a nice place to eat.
3	Lucille's is very inviting.  On my last visit they had a blues singer that was amazing.  But to the food ...I had the brisket with peanut coleslaw and baked beans.  The brisket was curious.  It could best be described as smoked pot roast.  It tasted good, but not at all what I think of as BBQ'd brisket.  The peanut coleslaw was very dry and I didn't finish it.  The baked beans were completely unremarkable.  Even though the place was packed, the service was excellent.So 2 stars for the BBQ plus 1 for the excellent ambiance.  On another visit,  I'll try the ribs.
4	I like how the ribs are just alittle bit charred. Order the St. Louis style ribs and deep fried pickles. These are good for sharing and you won't regret it. The biscuits are very good here and most of the sides are tasty. Service is always pretty decent here.
2	Medicore, expensive - skip itFirst impression the place seems great - like some down home house - but it feels a little phony. That's pretty much what you get as far as the food too.I don't know if  you can get a entree that is under $14 bucks. You do get a lot of food and they have the approiate sides.The brought out biscuit and they just tasted like flour. I thought I was smart and got the brisket - There was no smokey flavor - like someone else said it was just like a pot roast. Service was pretty good (did have to ask them for my other side that they forgot - their heart was in the right place). If their prices were more resonable they would get three stars.
4	If I ever find myself on death row or am read my last rights and asked what I want for my final meal here, Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-b-que is it.  I would order one of the  BBQ feasts that feeds a whole family.  I would gorge myself to death before whatever else is going to take me gets a chance.  And I would, quite simply, die a happy camper.Back in the real world, however, I didn't do much better.  I had the combo platter with BBQ half chicken and baby back ribs.  This comes with your choice of 2 sides - I decided to go southern all the way with southern sweet potatoes and braised greens - and a homemade biscuit with apple butter.It's eyes-rolling-in-the-back-of-your-head good.  And it held up extremely well with the Murphy-Goode Petit Verdot I paired it with.  Okay, so maybe a true southerner I'm not.Now, I've been here many times, and admit that it can be hit or miss for whatever reason, but tonight I finished the meal feeling so satisfied that if I were dying, I would be okay with it.  As it stands, the calories are going to kill me because I'm still living on, but I don't have to worry about that until the morning.Good night and sweet and tangy bar-b-que dreams to all!
5	One of the best BBQ places I have been to...great for larger parties as well.
3	After reading all the good reviews on yelp we decided to hit up this place for some lip smacking BBQ. We all feasted on the family plan of ribs, chicken and 4 sides. We opted for a complete revolt of health conscience eating with mac and cheese, garlic mashed potatoes, grilled corn, and baked beans. We also ordered their fried pickles-yum! There are mixed reviews overall for this place from myself and the group I was with. The ribs served to us in our family style meal were kinda burnt overall-some were juicy and moist and some just had some extra sauce slapped on like lipstick on a pig. As a contrast my nephew got the child's plate of 3 ribs and his were all thick, moist and juicy-very succulent looking in comparison. Strange, eh?The sides were extremely sub-par. I would say if you are coming here don't even bother with the corn, I am pretty sure it was previously frozen because the husk was soggy. The mac and cheese was alright, but tasted like it was made with something along the lines of Velveeta. The chicken was good, juicy and perfectly cooked.Also a plus is for those crazy enough to want to sit outside-there are misters to help keep you cool.
5	This is a smashing BBQ place.  I've been a couple times, had the baby back ribs, pulled pork, brisket.  All are fantastic and served with plenty of mop sauce to sweeten the deal.  The sauces here are excellent.  I believe one of their sauces makes an appearance in the Bloody Mary, which was one of the best I've had.  Service is always great.  Stop by!
4	We ordered the $32 dinner special for two which was a really great bargain for what we got.The apple butter was amazing on the biscuit. The brisket I chose wasn't the best but the fatty portions were sure tasty =)For dessert we got the banana pudding which had a nilla wafer on top AND a hidden one underneath. MAKE SURE YOU FIND THE HIDDEN ONE!
4	I just had a take-out order of St. Louis style ribs with a side of macaroni and cheese and sweet potato. WOW! This is the first time I had their mac and cheese and it is so creamy, cheesily delicious! I can eat it all day long.  The sweet potato was also pretty good. The ribs never fail to satisfy me.
4	I love Lucille's. Generally, I am not a big fan of any kind of chain restaurant. But I will make an exception.I've been three times, and the food and service were consistently very good. Once, I ate by myself in the bar, which I think may be a test of a restaurant, as sometimes solo diners are ignored or even disdained. The server, Kim, was especially attentive and made sure that I had everything I could possibly need or want. It would have been a perfect meal if not for the diners at the table across from me, three men who were having a conversation that would have been better left unsaid, if you know what I mean.
5	I don't really know why I've been  putting this place off It's always been rated a TOP 10 restaurant in Las Vegas/Henderson.Well no more, I did it and what a suprise! When it comes to chain places expectations are relatively low.Right off you'll love this place-outdoor seating lots of indoor seating and a bar-incredibly friendly staff and the place feels 100% BBQ with the smoker going right in the dining room.They start you off with Sweet Tea in a mason jar and a sprig of mint then some biscuits with Apple BUtter.We ordered the 3 course FEAST for 2 and the Ribs & Tri-Tip Lunch Special to-go.The food came out in a very timely manner. We started off with the biscuits and a house salad for 2.Next came the BBQ platter-1/2 bbq chicken,4 St Louis Style Ribs, 4 Babyback Ribs and 1/4 Lb of Beef Brisket. Plus we had 2 sides-Mashed Sweet Potaotes and Macaroni and Cheese.The food was fantastic. Apple-wood smoked meat-great smoke flavor tender & moist. Plus they have 3 sauces-Memphis,Regular & Hot/Spicy-All were great but I luv the Hot stuff.The brisket was by far the BEST anywhere in Las Vegas!! The Ribs were Fantastic-Smoked through and Tender. The Tri Tip was out of this world too!!Definitely a TOP BBQ joint in Las Vegas/Henderson!:)If this place was closer, not so pricy and had a drive-thru I would be 400 lbs by Xmas!!
1	I hate to rain on everyone's 5-star parade, but this place blows. It came highly recommended, not only from people I work with, but apparently the Vegas majority. And, oh, how very disappointed I was...Where to begin?! Let's start with the service... I generally believe if you have decent service and a bad meal or bad service but a great meal it can be balanced out to an overall average review. However, when you strike gold and get both terrible service and subpar food--what are you left with? In my case, a review on Yelp. And now I'm going to be that catty bitch that uses names... Julie, maybe you were having a rough night. Maybe your boyfriend dumped you or your boss made you pull a double. The fact is, I don't give a shit. You were rude, unwelcoming and a TERRIBLE waitress. I ordered a water with lemon to start. A drink menu was no where to be seen so our options were limited--would we like a lemonade? Possibly, but we don't know what you have on your menu because you've already left us to get our waters. Except 10 minutes later we still don't have water. And when we do, there's no lemon in it. A minor detail, I know... and really, I can get over this if you had managed to get anything else right. You put the cherry on the icing when I asked for a lemon and you tell me it's going to be a minute. Ok--because you're growing them out back? Because you have to cut it with the shards of glass you're going to remove from your ass since clearly you have something stuck up there? Whatever, you pissed me off... To the food... you bring out some biscuits with apple butter. This excites me, except the biscuits were flavorless and there was no amount of butter to help this. I order the soup and sandwich combo with the loaded potato soup and  1/2 a chicken sandwich. The soup was spicy but didn't have a ton of flavor. And loaded? If by loaded you mean basically a white broth with tons of pepper in it, then yes, it was loaded. I'm still waiting for the cheese and bacon to come in somewhere...I order the chicken sandwich plain thinking I'll douse the warm chicken in BBQ sauce and then eat the bread. I tell Julie this, but alas, she doesn't hear me. She hasn't heard a damn thing I've said tonight.... So the sandwich comes and the chicken is cold. On Texas toast. With loads of mayo, tomatoes and lettuce. Um, NO. Every other sandwich on the menu is warm and comes on a bun--WTF? I tell Julie I'm not pleased and she stands there looking at me and then asks if I want something else. I say I'll think about it and she leaves NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN! Or until I've picked my way through my sandwich and just want to go home. You come by to remove our plates and ask if we want dessert. I had been contemplating key lime cheesecake because I'm a sucker for all things key lime... but I'm pissy and head to the restroom. While I'm there, husband orders key lime to go and the check. You grab the check with our credit card and run it in record time and tell us to have a good night--except we've yet to receive the key lime pie. No, this feat would take you an additional 10 minutes to get. Because apparently, the only thing you can do in record time is make me want to leave. Overall, I think this place is highly overrated. If in the mood for BBQ, this will be the last joint I ever recommend or go to. Lucille's--you get ONE star because my husband liked his ham sandwich. I would take this away for the awful service but I'm not that mean....
3	The sweet tea was really sweet.  It was good, but it shouldn't be that sweet.  I had the BBQ Lunch Platter with creamy cheese grits.  I selected the baby back ribs, beef brisket and tri tip.  The baby back were great, soft and juicy.  The beef brisket was a little tough and chewy.  The tri tip was good.  I also tried the chicken and it was excellent.  The BBQ sauce on the meats was sweet.  Just like the sweet tea, it didn't have to be too sweet.  The waitress was very nice and the ambiance was quite homy.  Oh, also we had the onion straw's for our appetizer.  That was very good.  It was a lot of food.  Over all is what a good lunch.  ;o)
4	Some of my Favorite Ribs anywhere !!! different rib options, sauces, and sides. come hungry !!!! great ambiance, and pretty good service ! and only 20 minutes from the Las Vegas strip.
2	The food is always good at Lucille's. The servers at this location are pretty young so they spent a lot of time conversing and not attending to their tables.  I kept having to flag down our waiter when I needed anything.  Don't expect to get a buzz or even taste the alcohol in the 22oz flavored drinks.
3	Located next to the Green Valley ranch shopping center, this is a pretty good BBQ joint. We should have known going in that we would get huge portions because everyone was leaving with doggie bags. We each ordered rib samplers and it was a lot of food since the meals included 2 sides and corn bread. The price was high but that seems to be the case with most places in Vegas.
4	walked in without expectation...during lunch and ordered their sampler entree that had everything from bbq chicken, st. louis ribs/bbq ribs, spicy hot links....etc. with garlic mash, and traditional cole slaw. yummie! If you are craving for some ribs and bbq def' a place that will takecare of your cravings....yum yum!!!will go back again!  :)plus loved their 3 different dipping sauce!
4	Went here first day arriving at Vegas.  I'm not a big meat eater but I love BBQ chicken.  Wifey and I decided to check this out.  The place was very clean and decked out like something from the south.  The staff was nice.  The food was great!  It was huge portions.  I suggest you share a meal with your friend or family member.  Wife had the ribs and I had the BBQ chicken.  Both great and they have different BBQ sauces to try.  The garlic mash potatoes were so good! Yum.Will definitely go back!Oh Also, since your eating BBQ, your going to get your hands messy.  They give you wet, warm wash clothes for your hands and mouth.  Never had that before and its a great idea!  Gets all that sticky sauce off!
5	I just have to say "Apple butter".  OMG I think I could spread it on newspaper and eat it lol. But at Lucille's they have great rolls for that :). Seriously, great food and service a top notch BBQ resturant that lives up to the price tag
5	I can truly say that after meeting Lucille, my life has improved significantly.  Every time I'm in Vegas I look forward to eating at Lucille's.  The food here is amazing and some of the best BBQ I have ever had.  The atmosphere is great for business and family lunches and dinners.  Just tonight the waiter went above and beyond and sugared the top of the jar that my strawberry lemonade was in to make it all the better.  I get the Porch Combo most of the time with the baby backs and the tri-tip and also really love the rolls and butter they bring out.  This place is MONEY!
5	LOVE Lucille's!! I miss living in Vegas because of it... just kidding. Sort of... but, yes, every time I am back in Vegas, I need a trip to Lucille's!! (: YUM!
2	I had very high expectations and just did not see what all the talk was about. It was okay but I have had much better. Prices are kinda up there too!
5	The most amazing tri tip and baby back ribs. The chicken is pretty dang good too (fall off the bone).  This is the first Lucilles I ever ate at, and is 100% better then the one in Tempe (sadly) Every time I go to Vegas, I make sure and drive out to Green Valley to hit this place up.They did not let me down this trip either.  The service was better then ever, and they went above and beyond to make us happy!  I can't wait to go back to this location again!
5	Lucille's is one of the best places in Henderson.  Pulled pork sandwich is my go-to dish.  Add some iced tea and some of that apple butter on a biscuit & I'm stuffed!  Good portion sizes.  If you order the full slab of ribs, you will spend some dough, but all this BBQ is really good.  Worth it.
2	I was impressed I was contacted by the owner about my dining experience. I was honest and told him it must have just been a bad day for the meat. Somewhat surprised he did not as much as offer me and appetizer if I came back.... But that's the game of business!
2	I am gonna be nice, but honest.  Service and ambience is good, perhaps above average. But the BBQ here is sub-par.  Not sure which city of Greenville Lucille grew up in (Wisconsin as stated by our server), but this place seems to try to grasp all styles of regional bbq....I had the "Texas-style" brisket and was truly disappointed.  I was recently in San Antonio and had true roadhouse bbq.  The first thing you experience is the smell of oak, hickory, mesquite in the air....not so much here, just fryer oil.  The meat had a good black crust and a nice pink smoke ring, but no smoke flavor.  As mentioned by others, it seems more like pot roast.  Tender yes, but Texas-style brisket, it is not.  Beyond that the food was not hot upon arriving at the table...not sure how they pickup each order, but perhaps they need to rethink that process. Thats it.  Next time I go to bbq, unfortunately Lucille's will not be on my list.
5	Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ is the best BBQ in Las Vegas. The tri-tip is beyond belief and the baby back ribs fall off the bone. Soak the meats in your favorite BBQ sauce and you're in heaven.
5	family took me here for dinner and i havent been since i was a kid.  If your looking for some great bbq..if you you love good smoked meat then this a must try!!  Food was orgasmic!!  i got the smoked buffalo chicken wings dipped in franks red hot sauce for a starter...dear lord they were amazing.  For the main plate i got the stack of baby back ribs with sides of garlic mash potatos and corn.  Mother buckers it was heavenly.  I am still full =)
4	Really glad I got introduced to this place, I don't even mind it's a chain.Portions are very large, but you do pay for them. Got to try the baby back ribs and the brisket. Definitely the best ribs I have had-but what do I know, I'm from California.Brisket was moist and the sauce was well balanced. I tend to get overwhelmed by bbq sauce but this one was really good.Dining buddy got the burger so I got to try it. Was actually tasty, especially the bacon. This might be a good option for people who would order a burger in a bbq joint; it will definitely taste like it was cooked on a grill (yes that's how they are supposed to taste).The sides I had were mac and cheese and a baked potato. Mac and Cheese was creamy, baked potato wasn't stellar (then again when are they?)Strawberry lemonade was perfect! There's also a mixed drink that's a hurricane that will have you feeling good after only one.Service was good up until the very end when we were waiting for a slice of cake to go that never came. Definitely a must if you are in Henderson. Actually, a must for anyone in Vegas.
4	We came here for the VegiBurger. (yes I know its a BBQ Joint). We were not disappointed! Fantastic VegiBurger! The best I have tried so far in Las Vegas.(Yes, better by far, than the bocaburger from Johnny Rockets- which is good in a pinch). The vegiburger had roasted onions and cheese(not vegi-cheese FYI- I'm not that militant), a wonderful bun and was sooo very yummy with every bite.My hubby and his friend ordered some ribs and sausage which they shared along with a GIGANTIC Cobb Salad(more than enough for 5-6 people FYI)and they took home the rest. (What is up with the Gigantic portions here?). Loved the biscuits and the sweet iced tea.Definitely a winner.
4	great location..a hop and a skip away from green valley ranch casino.. had a difficult time deciding what to order... i may have salivated over the menu more than expected.. bbq was great.. even the fried pickles were yum.. had to sneak wat i had left into the theatre next door.  But my honest opinion... their bisquits are a little piece of HEAVEN!!  mmmm mmmm mmmm finger lickn good!
4	This place is pretty good, when we lived in Roseville, Ca there was one walking distance from our place.... And walking is exactly what you should do to get to and from because you will put on about 5 pounds at every meal. The portions are huge and the food is delicious, This is the place to go if your looking for some food that will stick to your ribs and fingers and you can wash it all down with some classic sweet tea right out of a mason Jar...
4	Lucille's BBQ has very good food, and service is generally good.Their trip-tip sandwich or dinner is particularly good, as well as their beans, roasted corn and biscuits.I enjoy coming here although waits can be long, particularly on weekends.  Location is very good as well at The District at Green Valley Ranch.This is more of a 'premium' BBQ restaurant if such a thing exists, based on its good location and food.  Expect to pay a little more (perhaps $25 - $30 per person) for your meal here, with a requisite quality improvement over the standard BBQ restaurant, in my opinion.Can get loud, and I prefer to sit in the main restaurant area, vs. the bar area or the 'verandah' type area (which gets hot or cold easier).Good choice for large groups or families assuming there is no wait.
4	I'm kinda scared to let the secret out, but I guess Yelp deserves to know - The Happy Hour at Lucille's ROCKS. It's in the bar area only, but on Monday when we went the restaurant was full and the bar area was half empty... no clue why. It's 4-7 PM M-F, and 9 PM - close daily. We ordered a disgusting amount of food and 2 22 oz drinks, all for $40 with tax and tip. Cocktails start at just $3.25 (I believe our 22 oz backporch strawberry lemonades were $4.25), and food was priced from $2-$6. Hot link ($1.95) Riblets ($5.95)Gumbo ($4.95)Irish Fries ($2.95)Sliders (2 for $3.95)The winner for me was the sliders (your choice of pork brisket or chicken!), but the irish fries were a nice surprise - huge platter of yummy skinny fries topped with cheese and sour cream and other goodies. The gumbo was AWFUL (my family is from NOLA so I'm picky!). Overall great food, great drinks, great prices. We can finally afford to eat at Lucille's more often !
3	Lucille's opened a few years back at The District near Green Valley Ranch. This is a solid BBQ-type restaurant with excellent food and very good service as well.If you're at all into BBQ, this is the restaurant for you. The menu is large and diverse, and covers pretty much every end of the spectrum. Whether you want steak, pork, ribs, chicken, or anything in between, they'll more than likely have something up your alley. Additionally, the restaurant often has blues bands playing in its bar area. The restaurant itself is excellent, however there are some problems. The parking is TERRIBLE. This is a lot shared with much of The District, which right off the bat means that there are going to be minimal places to park. As if this wasn't bad enough, they have blocked off a large portion of the lot for (unneeded!) valet parking. Even worse, an old dirt lot used for overflow parking (which is now needed more than ever!) has been blocked off. Furthermore, wait times can get pretty gruesome during peak hours, even moreso than other restaurants of its kind.All things considered, though, this is a superb BBQ restaurant if you can deal with the piss-poor parking.Food: BService: B-Atmosphere: B-
4	Ate on the patio even though it was chilly out - with the heaters and windscreens it was not bad.  The waitstaff outside were not as hurried and we had terrific service.  I liked the fact that every server would see if you needed attention.  At some places your server is the only one who looks at your table - the others walk right on by.  My baby back ribs were tender and had lots of flavor - rack is about 25 bucks so they should be good, although you do get 2 sides.  The Poor Boy sandwich had really nice fried shrimp, very light coating and not greasy at all.  The basket of bisuits is a great bonus.
4	Delicious, probably the most delicious in vegas, but a little pricey.  Great atmosphere, great sauce, great meats, and great sides. They serve you biscuits before the meal that are awesome.  Have had some meals here that are better than others as I have received a few racks of ribs here that where charred up and dry.  I am not a big chicken fan but their chicken is some of the best I have ever had.  I get the porch combo with a choice of ribs, pulled pork, and a half a chicken for 26 bucks. I do love beef brisket and they don't carry it.
5	This place is just awesome and one of my top two favorite BBQ restaurants all time.  Everything I have ever had hear, and it has been quite a few things, has been just amazing.  The only thing better than their BBQ has to be their sides.  I have honestly just ordered the mac-n-cheese and fries and been a happy campy.  Amazing!
3	Good food and huge portions. Standard mid-range chain restaurant design, nice outdoor seating. Loved the mason jar beverages. Service was prompt and the waiter was appropriately contrite when my table mate complained about her meal. BBQ sauce was too sweet for her.
4	This California-based BBQ chain is very good, but not the best in Vegas. Go to Memphis Championship BBQ for that. Lucille's excels where their competition does not in that it has an excellent outdoor dining area, a live band, good bar scene, and lively ambiance. Their food is dynamic and overall good, but the one drawback is that it lacks BBQ authenticity and identity. For example, there are three BBQ sauces to choose from: Texas, Memphis, and Spicy House Blend. Don't get me wrong, Lucille's should be on your list of spots to go in Vegas, but expect more of your typical commercialized BBQ chain fare California style than a rustic, authentic spot in Memphis or Texas.
4	This was my first time to Vegas and I had the good fortune of traveling with someone who use to live here. On our last night here, she asked me if we could eat here as she missed this place. I was down and even though my boyfriend doesn't like BBQ he agreed to it as well.We had a 30 minute wait but by the time we were seated we overhead the wait was an hour. Glad we got here when we did. Our server was SUPER friendly. Service was a tad bit slow, but the place was busy. We decided to our the combo platter and just share everything. We got the beef rips, tri tip and chicken with cole slaw, mashed sweet potatoes and the baked beans. Everything was sooooo yum! The chicken was so moist and flavorful. The mash tasted like Thanksgivings and the beans were nice and smokey. After the meal, a hot towel is brought to you to clean off all that sticky sweet sauce. Even the non-BBQ loving boyfriend said the food was amazing and that's telling you something!
5	I have to disagree with Dylan P from Dallas Texas. Memphis is OK, Lucilles is amazing. They have these huge platters that are big enough for two people and some take home. PLUS, they have okra. And, the okra is pretty good. I mean, they have spinach, corn, potatoes, and a whole bunch of other sides. I think they have some type of pickle thing or something, that they keep trying to push on me. But that okra is just too good.That butter they have for the bread, what is that...apple butter? Oh man, it is like buttahhhh...seriously.At the end of the night, you get a tootsie pop, and hopefully you get one with the indian shooting a star.
5	My favorite BBQ joint by far. Portions are generous, sauces are amazing, and I absolutely love the deep fried pickles. My only wish is that one would open up near me in Northern California!
4	Wow! I'm impressed for a Cali based BBQ restaurant, it was some pretty good smokehouse BBQ! We went this evening hoping to find a good BBQ restaurant that was not Famous Daves & we found it, first of all I made a reservation via their online website & as soon as we checked in not even 5 mins later we were seated, the staff was very friendly and helpful, the server was awesome, food came very quickly and hot!  Their roasted sweet corn is pretty darn good & the apple cobbler well you'll just have to try it yourself to really experience the deliciousness that awaits :) I recommend this place if your looking for some good tasting food in a very southern style atmosphere.
3	Just finished lunch at Lucilles. Been hearing friends and coworkers raving bout this place and the fried pickles so me and my boyfriend went for lunch. Fortunately it was happy hour and not that busy so service was pretty good.Started with the fried pickles and Irish nachos (great deal for happy hour!) but not into the pickles... The nachos were okay. Cheese got cold and hard.... Not bad but not great.We shared a full rack ribs with beans and peanut slaw as our sides. Before we got our food, they brought out 2 biscuits and apple butter. Yumm!!! Must've been the best part about the meal. Then came to food... The ribs were a bit dry and not tender. The beans are too sweet. The peanut slaw was alright..Thought I'd give it another chance by ordering dessert. And glad I did! I got red velvet cake with ice cream.. I am a sucker for red velvet cake! And I really liked it. But you can tell it's been sitting; the icing was kinda hard. But still pretty good. My boyfriend got the snickers ice cream pie thing. Yummy but real rich and real sweet. Big serving!Overall, decent service, moderate food with big portions, good biscuit and dessert. 3 stars... maybe my expectations were just too high from reading such good reviews.. but I'd go Famous Daves over this place anyday.
5	All I can say is: If you haven't tried this place, you have been missing out. My boyfriend & I are big fans of Memphis BBQ, but now that I've been to Lucilles...I'm grappling with the harsh reality that I may not return to Memphis...jk, we still love you Memphis! The sides were JUST as wonderful as the entree, how often does that really happen?
4	So my father in-law is in town visiting and I find myself exploring smokehouses and steakhouses to make sure he gets his meat.Lucille's was a nice surprise. There were plentiful appetizers with the grilled artichoke standing out the most. Whats great is you can get discounted appetizers during happy hour in the bar area, or do what we did and order 1/2 orders of about 3-4 appetizers. Still good portions.The veggie burger was also tasty. (black charred grill marks on the burger, cheese, lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions and a sesame bun.) The burger came with your pick of 1 side. I choose the sweet potato fries which were fat and crispy. There are plenty veggie sides to choose from!The waiter was very helpful and friendly. You can also substitute the veggie burger on any of the other burger/sandwiches.My in-law ordered the brisket salad (large) and thought it was excellent. Be aware that the large salad portion is HUGE! But salad did look yummy and fresh so Ill be ordering the vegetable salad next time.The sweet tea and lemonade is served out of big glass jars and are delicious. However, I don't know if they give free refills.All around great place to hang out, eat, and drink. Nice atmosphere!Oh the complimentary bread basket is delicious biscuits with apple butter. Hard to just have one of these babies!
4	Great place for BBQ. I suggest their Baby back ribs, Chicken, and Beef ribs. As far as sides I suggest the Corn on the cob and Grits. They have great complimentary bread and sweet apple butter and they brew fresh down south sweet tea. Great place but a little pricey and the wait can be long so make sure to dedicate some waiting time once you get there.
4	I love my wet and sloppy ribs!
4	Wow!  The food here was great.  I ordered the tri tip with 2 sides (mac and cheese and shoestring fries) and oooooh man was it good.  Whats also nice about this place is they have their different BBQ sauces out on the table for you so you can taste them all.  If that wasn't good you can even buy it from their store inside!  Luckily the two bottles I bought survived the flight home.
4	Enter hungry....leave like your 9 months pregnant!  I always love the food @ Lucilles.  Arrived @ 630pm and the place was packed!! There was a 45 min. wait for a table for 2.  I was craving Lucilles so we started to wait.  After waiting for 10minutes..I went into the bar and snagged a table (bar area is self seating) as soon as a couple had left.Our server was very very friendly.  There was about 5 min left for happy hour and she made sure to hook us up!Of course...we started w/ alcohol!!!We got the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer.  Ive never really had them before and have been wanting to try them..and these did not disappoint!!  There were lightly battered and fried and served w/ some type of sauce that just completed the dish.For my main entree I ordered their Fried Chicken w/ garlic mashed potatoes and veggies.  Everything was awesome!  After eating here...I was sooo stuffed and bloated!!   There is just so much food on the the plates!!!  If you have to take breaks while you eat the food on your plate then you know thats a lot of food!Very good food~~!!
5	Southern cooking and hospitality at it's finest =) I WANNA MOVE TO THE SOUTH IF ALL THE PEOPLE AND FOOD ARE LIKE THIS!!!!!I was so completely and utterly happy with the food and service, I am surprised. I met up with friends for Sunday lunch. I had already ate but, was down for some Southern sweet tea (my favorite) and an appetizer or 2. Plus, I got to samps some of my friends' food.All the portions were big =) There were different sauces to choose from =) Different sides to choose from =) Yummy fried okra =) DELICIOUS sweet potatoe fries =) THE BEST SWEET TEA I'VE TASTED =)best Best BEST thing about Lucille's was the service. Our waiter was Mike and he was soooo sweet and funny and ... what else can I say about the service??? It was the most sincere politeness I've experienced in Vegas. Let's just say that. My portion of the check was supposed to be $7 but, I put in $15 cause the service was stellar. My friends and I were like, "I really like him. He's so nice!"It just proves that service is so important to food industry. It really never fails!OH, and it felt like we were sitting on the porch of a house. It was so fun considering we were in the District/GVR area.AND they had a waiting area with a "leg" lamp from my favorite movie, A Christmas Story!
4	I Finally had a chance to check out what all the fuss is about. Everyone has always told me that Lucille's has some of the best in town. Not that I wouldn't want to believe this, but I have had plenty of disappointments as of late. However this is not one of those. First of all, they have an incredible location in the District at Green Valley Ranch (an outdoor mall of sorts). What can I say, great environment, but the porch area is extremely loud and I had to notably raise my voice (which is not quiet to begin with) when talking to my server. Loved the fact that the water was served in standard Mason Jars (without handles). As usual we combined a couple of sampler platters so as to experience as much variety as possible. Ribs and chicken were right on. White meat was perfectly done. Chicken naturally has a slight pinkish hue to it even when completely done. As long as the juices run clear it is fine. I think most people try to eliminate any sign of pink and turn it into chalk dust. The tri tip was incredibly tender and still juicy even though it was served well done, but the fact that it was automatically served well done is a definitely a minus. We added a Hot Link for only $2.95! It was excellent, slightly coarse in texture, good snap, possibly indicating a natural casing and it had well balanced heat. The sides were excellent as well. Potato salad that obviously used a generous amount of mustard and was not too sweet (a little viscous though). Greens, Beans and veggies were right on (not too salty). The pulled pork was only o.k.. It was a bit dry and it seemed like they tried to finish it like Carnitas under a broiler before serving. Also I felt that it was "too shredded" kind of like a thin meat pasta with no hearty chunk to it. The Brisket was the only thing that I will say was definitely not good. It had great flavor, but was totally dry and was sliced into jerky size pieces (big minus for that). I give 2 of the 3 sauces a big plus. The mustard bbq sauce was right on. The hot bbq sauce was excellent and actually hot. However the standard sauce that they serve on everything was way too sweet, sickeningly so. It might work out just as well as a desert sauce. Speaking of sweet, they have fantastic biscuits served with compound butter (cinnamon and apple), but they also may fare better as a desert course. Overall Lucille's is a little more expensive by comparison, although it was a lot of food. We spent $62 for 2 with tip and that included a $5 off coupon, but you are paying for the environment and service as well. I'd probably give it 3.75 out of 5 if that rating were available. Two thumbs up!
5	Wow, so this is what legit southern bbq taste like! Being from Hawaii, I've never really eaten true authentic southern bbq before. Just the crappy ribs and crap you get at Chili's. (barf) I love that your water comes in a ball jar! Their biscuits with apple cinnamon butter is delicious! My boyfriend and I shared the Half BBQ Chicken & Choice of two meats. We got the beef brisket and rib tips! It was a lot for one plate! It also came with a choice of two sides. We chose to get sweet potato fries and mac & cheese. They also had a choice of shoestring potatoes, veggies, corn, garlic mashed potatoes, etc. The chicken was half a whole chicken. It was very moist and juicy! The beef brisket was sooo soft and melted in my mouth. I didn't even need to add extra bbq sauce to it. The rib tips were my least favorite, most pieces were fall off the bone, but some of them were kind of dry and not edible.In the past, I've tried their family feast which comes with pratically everything on the bbq menu and appetizers. We shared the Super Feast with 6 people and we could barely finish it all. I love the fried okra and deep fried pickles! mm!We went pretty early on a Thursday evening so it was quite empty and we were seated right away. The other times I've gone had been later in the evening on a weekend night and the place is pretty crazy packed! They have a nice gazebo area that you can wait in.. if there is room. Service here is usually very good but on a busy day can be quite slow.The price, amount & quality of food is well worth it! And their mango margarita is pretty tasty.
5	I loved Lucille's. It was the best BBQ I've had in all of Vegas. We went on Valentines Day and thankfully we had a reservation, otherwise, it would have been hell getting a table. There were people all over the place waiting for a seat. The menu is a little pricey, but definitely worth it. You get a lot of food with great quality. I recommend the onion straws, sweet tea, baby back ribs, and the mac and cheese. Recently, they have added a Happy Hour menu that has great prices on apps and drinks.
5	Good Ole lip smacking Southern BBQ served very well with lots of fun and welcome atmosphere.
3	If it wasn't for the mediocre to bad service this would be a 4-5 star place easy! The food is spectacular, hands down my favorite BBQ in Las Vegas. As usual with The District, parking is terrible, and the wait is usually 45 minutes to an 1 hour+.Happy hour is great and the live music in the bar makes for a great place to have a couple beers and hang out. Best service is in the bar.
4	Ah yes, here I am again writing about a chain restaurant.  However, it ain't bad.  I am a Texan.  My BBQ standards are high.  I have not enjoyed any other BBQ in town (Memphis is nasty) and if I will say okay to this place once in a while, now you will know why!*Outdoor patio seating: this past Friday we sat outside, in perfect weather, while the Dave Matthews cover band played over yonder.*Mason jars: we are thirsty people.  Most restaurants won't leave water pitchers on your table, but Lucille's mason jar water glasses are big enough where pitchers are not necessary.*Biscuits: I never really was a biscuit person growing up, but I sure like these sugary babies, and their refills.*Enormous portions: Eric R. and I came here prior to a day-long fast for a holiday.  We needed to BE FULL, and we sure were when we left.  Food coma-esque.*Fairness: We ordered the new dinner for 2.  It came with a half appetizer, half chicken, 2 different sets of 4 pork ribs, and a choice of additional meat, plus 2 sides, plus dessert (yes, it sounds like death).  Well, most people know I do not eat pork.  The waiter checked and said we could sub 1 beef rib for every 2 pork ribs.  That was generous, as one beef rib is bigger than at least 3 pork ribs.  It was a messy, gnawing, lipsmacking good time and required multiple warm wet towels.*Warning: I am not a big dessert person.  Eric R. magically guessed of the options that I would want the peach pecan bread pudding in bourbon vanilla sauce.  We could not eat more than half of it between the 2 of us.  It was so sweet I am on the road to diabetes already....but it was really, really good.*Warning #2: Last time I ordered a mint julep and I believe there was only bourbon and no simple syrup.  That may be a good thing to some people.
4	Let's start with the bad part first.  The baked beans are NOT southern style.  When the waitress says she is going to bring "apple butter" she is lying.I'm from the south apple butter to me is not butter with apple in it, which is what they give you.  Don't get me wrong!  It's really tasty, but not what I was expecting when she told me apple butter and biscuits.  The beans were gross but the pulled pork sandwich was actually really yummy!  The sweet potato fries were spot on as well.  The sauces were good too.Overall it was a tasty place.  Being from Tennessee I was expecting food from home and despite the miss wording it was mostly perfect.  There is no helping the beans though.
5	I had never been to Lucille's before and I wouldn't say that BBQ food is my favorite, but I really enjoyed this place! The food, the service, and the atmosphere is great! I had the spinach dip and the original pulled pork sandwich, which were both exceptionally delicious. My favorite part was the aaaamazing biscuits and apple butter they give you! - soooo good! They serve your drinks in big mason jars, which was pretty cool and even offer to give you a soda to go once you're done your dinner! However, I think the part I enjoyed most was the atmosphere. The district at GVR is beautiful! - Nice, landscaped areas, with great stores, lots of people (and dogs!), and even live music! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
4	I had an unexplainable need to have bbq, so I headed over to Lucille's to check it out.  First, big points for having cold Shiner Bock on tap - which went perfectly with my slab of St. Louis style ribs.  The best rack of ribs that I had in a while!  Tender, juicy ribs with a hint of carmelization on the outside.  Didn't even need to open a bottle of sauce for dipping!  So much food, I couldn't even finish.  Ordered cheese grits and sweet potato fries as my sides; the fries were seasoned and tasty, didn't need ketchup or ranch for them.  Amiable service - very friendly and attentive, even during a dinner rush!
4	I am not big on BBQ... But Lucille's is probably only one of the only BBQ places that I've actually liked! The restaurant from outside, in is decorated as if you've been invited over to Lucille's backyard BBQ. Very cute! Our server was Ashley and she was a doll! Checked up on us frequently and was great with refills! There were 5 of us and our server suggested to get 2 of the BBQ specials for 2... There was so much food that I can't even remember what was in it, and we even had to take most of it home. It came with an appetizer, sides, the Que and dessert. Out of their 3 BBQ sauces, I liked the tangy one,... Wish I could remember what the name of it was but I was suffering from food coma. Return visits? Probably only when the family is in town for a visit, it's on the other side of town.
4	SOOOOOO Yummy...and that's not just my date, but the food too! I love going to Lucille's for BBQ with a bunch of friends. It is in a really cute house like building and is great for big groups of people. We started off with some really yummy corn bread and apple butter. It was so tasty. I had the sweet tea which was pretty good as well, not artificial tasting and not too sweet. I think I cleared off 3 entire glasses. :)The servings are soo big that me and my honey share every time. This last trip we got a full rack of baby back ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and sweet potatoe fries. Everything was so good and the sweet potatoe fries were really tasty! This place is not to pricey when you share. Our bill was just over $30 for both of us and we could not even finish our food.Sooo, next time you have a smoking date and are craving some smoking meats....you know where to go!
5	I want to start off by saying..."mmmmm yummy!"1 star = for the buttermilk biscuits!  They're so good, melt in your mouth type bread that is to die for.  I would probably come back here strictly for the bread.  Some people rave about the apple butter, but I think its flavorful with regular butter and just as delish!2 stars = for the portions.  My boyfriend and I decided to share a 2 meat combo along with 2 sides and an appetizer of sweet potato fries.  It was more than enough.  We had left overs that I was able to bring for lunch the next day at work.  3 stars = for the pulled pork.  HUGE portion, flavorful, and probably so good because it's probably so bad for you.  I had again the next day at lunch, put it in between 2 pieces of wheat bread for a pulled pork sandwich :D4 stars = for the brisket!  Cooked to perfection, not dry, and juicy, but not raw.  It was flavorful, and even better when slightly dipped in their BBQ sauce.  So good, there were no left overs of this portion but was still enough for the two of us.5 stars = for the sides.  The beans have sausage in it and has a little spicy kick to it. Yum!  The mac and cheese is ordinary but good, and good portion size too.  The corn!  Yum!  A full ear of corn, buttery, and good!Overall, I had a great experience here.  Our waitress was attentive, the food was great, and the place has a bar too!GO NOW! It is so yummy here!
4	Came here wth some friends to discuss business and watch the Giants beat the Rangers down. We sat at the bar area, which was not bad at all. I ordered their strawberry lemonade, and I love it! They come out in cute mason jars, so dont be alarmed if you think they just washed out a jelly jar for your drink. The three individuals I was with ordered the half a rack of ribs, and it was just ridiculously huge (I wonder what the full looks like). I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Also, while we were waiting for our food, they brought out biscuits. They were amazing, like fresh out of the oven... and the apple butter is just awesome. What I liked about the pulled pork sandwich here was that it wasnt slathered with BBQ sauce... and messy. It actually came out as if some one had freshly pulled the meat. And I got to put as little, or as much, BBQ sauce as I wanted. I didnt have that feeling like I have with other pulled pork sandwiches that I am consuming a sauce sandwich instead. For the BBQ lovers, this is def a place to try out.
4	Had the Pulled Pork with sweet potato fries. Very good and only $10.95! You won't be disappointed!!
3	It's definitely a legit barbecue spot, but I think it's a little overrated.I've been there enough times to go back but probably because friends wanna go there and it's one of the most well known barbecue spots. the last time I was there I had the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries. (ballin on a budget). I mean, it was good, but it wasn't the greatness my mouth was expecting. I kept having to dip it in the barbecue sauce(s). I also ordered the sweet tea. I like my sweet tea so sweet that I feel like I'm gonna get diabetes any minute. Theirs was watered down or something.On another note, the service provided the last time I went was sub par. They took forever to order and deliver our food. I wanted ice cream with my bread pudding and they.......couldn't find the ice cream?hunh.Maybe it was a bad visit? Like I said, I've been there enough to where I'm willing to go back if someone else suggests it, but I'm not gonna be the one to throw out the suggestion.
5	A friend invited me to dinner, and this was the choice for the evening.Being from Texas, I am WELL familiar with barbecue.  I was not, however, expecting this.  After reading Yelp!, I noticed the classification for this restaurant was "Creole/Cajun.""Wait, WHAT", I remarked to myself, and at that point was duly interested.I didn't eat a big meal, but I ate well.  I tried their fried pickles, and those are excellent, with the ranch and creole mustard.  My main dish was the gumbo, and holy cow.  That was proper, full, "bonafide" delicious.  The roux was properly smoky, and full of andouille, chicken and shrimp.  I actually saved a little to take home so I could have some for later.Service was excellent.  Our server (Abby), was friendly, accommodating, and funny.  She was on top of everything, despite the room being so crowded, and was as nice as could be.The also had a live band playing some Southern blues music, and it fit the atmosphere of the place well.The downside?  It's on the complete opposite side of town for me (story of my life), and I'm not a big fan of the epic drive that it takes to get from one side of Vegas to the other.  That said, I'll suck it up, and come back out this way for this place.I was impressed.  I haven't found a decent Cajun place out in Vegas until this, and the first experiment was a winner.I left full and happy, with a tiny portion of gumbo in tow, and left wondering how good will the other meals be.
5	Most favorite BBQ ever! Start out with complimentary biscuit and their awesome apple butter. The portions here are huge, so my gf and I always share the full rack baby back ribs and 2 sides (usually the sweet potato fries and garlic mash potatoes).  The full rack of ribs cost $3 or $4 more than the half rack of ribs, so go big! Don't know what it is, but the ribs here are much better than Memphis BBQ or Famous Dave's. The portions here are big, but if you have more than 4 people in yr party, go for the backyard family feast! Comes with 2 racks of ribs,2 half bbq chicken and 4 sides, 4 of my guy friends and I cant finish that! My mom ordered the feast one year for Thanksgiving, instead of cooking and we loved it!There are 3 bbq sauces on the table, by far the best is the hot & spicy bbq sauce. The other ones are Memphis bbq and lucilles original bbq sauce. The sweet potato fries are perfect,  sweet and salty and the right texture and chewiness. The other sides are typical of other restaurants, nothing else really stands out.   Service is always great and its located in The District, gives you a chance to window shop and walk off some the calories you just just ate
3	this place is not for the dieters. went here for dinner tonight and left plenty full after sharing a half order of fried pickles and eating half my gumbo.they start you out with some bisquits. (mmm buttermilk bisquits!) very soft, fluffy, and warm as soon as he sat them down on the table. they also come with apple butter. putting a bisquit onto my plate and to my surprise they are topped with sugar. let me state that i am head over heels for dessert at all hours of the day, but i just didn't care for sugared buttermilk bisquits and apple butter. i wish they left them plain. :( pout.onto the fried pickles. i love me some southern fried pickles just not as sticks. (refer to picture.) i have never had them in the shape of a fried stick but i was let down. the fried coating was falling off and it was very messy. (not to mention greasy.) they were okay, but not something i will crave.i go for the gumbo for the main course. i have had some good gumbo in my day and maybe that led me to be spoiled. it was spicy. i liked the sausage in it, but they didn't chop up the chicken. i had a whole chunk of chicken in my gumbo soup and a whole lotta rice. the flavoring was good and like i said spicy. even made my nose run! i sort have wish i went for something else though.apparently everyone else in my party loved their meals including the ribs and chicken. someone else had the fried shrimp and really liked it. the servers were really nice and attentive. i feel i should give it another try if everyone else liked their meals so i will give it 3 stars for that and the lovely service we had.i hope other people have better luck then i did.
5	I can't believe I ate the whole thing.The great thing about eating BBQ in places in the South such as Memphis & Nashville is that I now know what good BBQ is. The bad thing is trying to find good BBQ in the Desert. Luckily a couple years back I was introduced to Lucille's  BBQ. Their food portions are great from your meal to your dinner salad or sweet tea you're gonna be set. Though not usually a Sweet Tea fan I always start things off here with one because they really have the mix just right and it adds to the whole BBQ experience ; )  They always hook you up with complimentary biscuits & butter which are very addicting if you're hungry and not paying attention. My Girlfriend ordered the fried pickles for an appetizer which is apparently a big favorite here and definitely worth a try. Then without warning a giant slab stockpiled with food is dropped off in front of you as you're informed that's your meal. I ordered one of many different BBQ combinations they offer and my plate had a Spicy Hot Link which is a personal favorite of mine at Lucille's, in fact I'll usually order it on the side if it's not included with my meal so needless I strongly back this item if you don't mind a little spice. Pulled Pork which was very moist & tasty, and BBQ Chicken which this time was pretty dry when usually it's excellent. The kid in me always has to get a side of Mac & Cheese and I went bananas when I found out they had sweet potato fries. The fact that the fries were amazing confirmed I was not dreaming. If you live in Vegas it seems that not enough places have/have good sweet potato fries so bonus points for Lucille's! but it's been 5 hours since my dinner and I still can't believe I ate the whole thing.
4	I HEART LUCILLE'S the bar b que is the BUSINESS and I love the sides! my favorite place for catfish, hands down! We dined there last night for dinner, i cant wait to go back!
5	We think that Lucille's serves wonderful BBQ with an excellent and varied menu.  We've tried many menu offerings and have never been disappointed with the quality and taste of each item.  Of course, the ribs are excellent and the portions are generous.The Happy Hour menu is also very good and reasonable.  Have also found that service is pretty good as well.  We usually eat in the bar and love the atmosphere and music when provided.  Not a place for those demanding quite during their restaurant experience.We've had BBQ all over the country and Lucille's is as good as any we've tried.
3	Not my first time here. Went to one in CA and wasn't much of a fan then, but thought i'd give it another try. Beef ribs were good as well as the chicken.BBQ sauces aren't bad but the Tri tip was eh and the brisket was pretty bad. The brisket was really dry and just kinda crumbled in your mouth. Gross. Overall I don't think it is worth the price and I would much rather go to famous dave's.
5	The family style meals are great. We can feed a family of six for under $100 and still take home a doggy bag.
4	I have to admit that I am no expert on BBQ, but I really like this place. The Carolina style pulled pork sandwich is awesome. It has the right amount of pepper and just a touch of vinegar. And I always love New Castle brown ale. It has a nice bar with a good selection of beer and liquor.
4	Lucille's is still the place I head when I am looking to grub on some BBQ that is guaranteed good! It's good to bring a friend and take advantage of their occasional 2 person specials, you will still have enough leftovers for lunch the next day! I am a fan of all the BBQ I have had here: chicken, ribs, brisket, I don't discriminate. Most of the meats are smoked a minimum of 6 hours, with things like ribs going for way longer. The meat is consistently good, and the portions are Large.The decor is kind of silly but you get used to drinking out of giant glass jars after a visit. The service overall is great to a little forgetful, but no major issues ever.
5	The place has a good vibe. The food, phenomenal. The service was awesome, the girl knew her job and was full of energy, young people working but don't let their age fool you.
3	Oh Lucille. Why do you always disappoint?I went to Lucille's a couple of times a few years ago. I think it was pretty good the first time. The second time, for some reason, I left with a negative feeling. I remember paying $20 for hardly any food. On the other hand, my coworker paid much less and had way more food.Anyway, that experience caused me to avoid the place for several years. I finally went back a couple of weeks ago. This time, we all ordered the same thing - the Smoked Beef Brisket & Portabello Sandwich from the lunch menu. This time around, the price was right ($8.95) and the sandwich was delicious and satisfying. The problem now was that the service was incredibly slow. I'm going to chalk it up to being the last week of the year. Fortunately, the company I was with made it not seem that bad, but even the people I was with mentioned how slow it was.Overall, I think Lucille's is A-OK. It's never been somewhere that pops in my mind as a choice I would make. But at least now, if someone wants to go there, I'm not against it.
4	For me, Lucille's is probably the best BBQ in Vegas.  I'm sure others will contest to that, but I never get tired of this place.  Live music every Friday and Saturday nights.  Brisket is always good here.  I like to get the Jambalaya Me-Oh-Mya once in a while.
2	It's been a few years since we ate here last.  In Lucille's defense - I am not a huge restaurant BBQ fan - I much prefer the delicacies that the sexy hubby chef produces in our backyard.  However - this is the restaurant my son picked so we went.There are really no complaints about the food really - it was neither Ohmygoodness awesome or Boythatreallysucks nastiness.  Food was warm and tasted good - just not memorable to me.Sons got a rack of babybacks, tri tip and brisket - they all enjoyed them.  Since I am going to have backyard bbq deliciousness tonight - Hubby and I both went for the NY Strip - they were delicious - just not mind blowing to me.  Our dinners came with corn on the cob - didn't enjoy the bruised parts all over it though.What annoyed me though is a couple of things that had nothing to do about the food (Maybe I was just in a bad mood)...1.) We made reservations and our party of six arrived about 15 minutes early - there were plenty of places for our party to sit and there was no other parties waiting - so why did we have to wait?  Once they finally got around to seating us they stuck us clear in the back - I just don't like the layout of the restaurant very much - the back rooms feel closed off from the rest of the restaurant and the small room we were in felt somewhat claustrophic and our party of six was crammed in like sardines - even though there were other places to put us.  I hate being squished!2.) We were seated right next to the table that had our server's sister and boyfriend.  Guess who got the amazing service we should have had.  Our service wasn't horrible - I just felt like an afterthought.  She wasn't rude - just was more interested in talking to her sister and her date instead of checking in our her other tables.  Like I said she wasn't rude - just did the bare minimum of service - we saw her when she took our drink order, when she served drinks then immediately took meal order, the delivery of our food and when it was time for the check.  She did ask once during the meal how everything was.  The rest of the time it seemed like she chatted with her sister and her date. 3.)   Like I said - maybe I was just in a bad mood - but why oh why every time we have gone here - we get seated near the large parties with annoying little kids - I have been there, done that.  I never let my kids screech to their hearts content when they were little - and the five year old - running around their table and screaming - Grrrrr!   I am really not in the mood to go back anytime soon.
2	This night was to take out friends who had raved about this place.The orders of Dry Baby Back Ribs were overly dry, the Beef Ribs with little meat. The service was OK, but nothing special. If you wanted a refill on anything you had to ask, nothing was automatic. Our friends said something has changed with the food. I guess they are touchy about negative reviews since this is the Only one of my many reviews I found as flagged (for the wrong location - no less). So even though they show up as four stars, I suspect their actual reviews are lower. If these reviews get unreasonably Flagged by YELP and YELP does not answer inquiries, I question the reliability of their rating system.
2	One thing we must always consider when reviewing a restaurant is the delicate balance between the quality of the food, the level of service and the size of the bill. Lucille's has some marginally okay food offerings (although a true BBQ connoisseur would hold issue with this place) and it has a friendly and attentive enough staff. But the true measure of Lucille's becomes clear when you get the bill. Perhaps the high cost of rent in this hoddie-toddie little shopping district of Henderson is to blame, but when you sum up your dining experience (as you take out a small loan to pay for dinner) you realize that the food was certainly not worth the price. Why, oh why, can we not have a good BBQ place in Vegas?
2	Just left Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ in Henderson and let me say the food and service was seriously lacking.  We came for a "late" dinner around 8:30pm and all the servers either seemed too busy trying to clean for the restaurant closing (which wasn't until 10pm) or never returned with anything we asked for.  There were times where we asked two different servers about something we had ordered and neither remembered to bring it. Terrible!  Also we noticed after sitting there for a while and observing other patrons munching on biscuits, that our waiter didn't even bring us any and when we asked about it he didn't apologize or anything.As far as the food goes, I've had meals at Jack in the Box and Wendy's with more flavor.  I ordered the the appetizer sampler and everything (minus the onion strings) was very bland and all our their sauces were a miss.  The three signature bbq sauces were not that good (one was waaaaay too sweet, the other was too peppery, and the third was tolerable).  I was also disappointed in the cuts of meat that I got too.  There was too much fat and not enough tender rib meat.I'm not sure if they were having an off night here or what, but between the service (or lack thereof) that we received and the lack of even ONE good quality bbq sauce, I don't think I will be returning.  For bbq, I'm just going to stick with Famous Dave's.
5	HAPPY HOURS! Lucille's does not have one, but two a day. They begin from 4-7 and then 9 to close. Jack W. and I were lounging around looking for who has the best happy hour deals and the lounge within this restaurant had stood out amongst all the rest. They have house well drinks $3.75, Jose Cuervo margaritas for the same price, Back porch strawberry lemonades are $5.25, Joe's Hurricane $4.75 (Mai Tai with Armaretto), crocodile coolers for $5.25 (Not sure what goes into this), and a mint julep $4.25 that they do not skimp on the alcohol. Just thinking about the Southern cocktail has me reeling in fear. The days of college binge drinking are over, so a few drinks from this place leaves you in a nice place. Blame it on the economy or just the lack of new innovations, but the District has quieted down quite a bit. Going early in anticipation of the crowds that use to frequent this place left us speechless when we walked in and sat down right away. That's alright, just means more time to sit and enjoy ourselves.Although we were planning on having another person join us, that did not stop us from going all out in our first order. With BBQ brisket sliders $3.99, wings $3.99, onion straws $2.99, and BBQ rib tips for $5.99 what's the harm in ordering them all with the intention of getting more when the other person joins. In hindsight, I can tell you what the problem with that is, but I do not regret our decision. Especially since the waitress was nice enough to bring us two orders of their famous biscuits and apple butter. Round two called for the spinach dip, $3.99, which was a little too greasy for my taste. The Irish nachos, $1.99, an order of cheese fries with green onions and sour cream were better without the latter ingredient. We also got another order of the wings. For size of the wings alone, these were a better deal than Buffalo Wild Wings on wings Tuesday. You get six large wings that are fried crisp and tossed in your choice of Frank's red hot sauce, Memphis, original, or the spicy BBQ sauce.
2	Lucy!  Oh, LUCY!How many times have I tried to like you?  How many times was I let down?  My friends think you're so great, that it just makes breaking up so hard to do.Are my expectations too high?  I don't think so.  I'm not expecting to fill the shoes of Red Apple Grill.  I been to Tony (Roma's) and (Famous) Dave's.  I've gone to Memphis (Championship). Heck, even Applebee's served up better...and was a really cheap date.Maybe you're too saucy for me, always running here and there.  Or perhaps you just lack flavor, that certain je nais se quoi.  I don't know.  I've given you so many chances to impress me and to show me what you've got, but this is the last time.  I've pretty much given up on you.Goodbye Lucy, I fare thee well.
4	My dad loves this place and therefore, we have to go with him every time he comes to town.  And he comes to town a lot.  I have to say that Lucille's is very consistent with their food.  I'll admit that I'm not a seasoned vet when it comes to BBQ so I think Lucille's is pretty great.  My wife and I had our rehearsal dinner here a couple years ago and they were very accommodating and everyone had a great time.  My friends and I have gone here for a number of Happy Hours because they have pretty great specials on apps and drinks.  You pretty much can't go wrong with one of their platters.  Half a chicken, ribs, meats, and pretty good sides.  Their cheesy grits are a family favorite.  There have been a few rare occasions where service isn't up to par but for as many times as I have gone here it has been pretty good.  The food is good and for Happy Hour, this place is great!
4	Yowza! Just the word I needed to describe Lucille's BBQ in the District. I'm dined here on numerous occasions but since my very last experience was last night, here I am. Checking in at the hostess stand was a breeze, I find there system for paging you when your table is ready effective, they take your cell phone number and text you when your seat is ready. Clever, yes, but I'm sure there are still folk out there acrewing charges on their wireless bill over waiting on a dinner table. Anyway, let's get to it! Service is friendly, what you'd come to expect on a Friday evening in a hip-happenin joint such as the District, polite yet impersonal due to the volume of tables each server has in their stations. Grilled artichoke with BBQ sauce..mmm! Extremely flavorful but it's a rare feet for Lucille's to ever cook the artichoke JUST right, it was a little on the tough side. It went down the hatch though, no problem. Now, I know Lucille's is a BBQ place and when you think BBQ, you think big meaty ribs, pork, pork, chicken, meat, carbs and more pork but my most prized pick on this menu is actually their veggie burger! I'm not kidding when I say I have day dreams of this veggie packed faux meat patty and it's accomplice's, the grilled onions, spring lettuce mix, garlic mayo and of course cheese.. If that doesn't fill you up, be sure to indulge on their tasty yet far from healthy side dishes.. collared greens, sweet potato fries, BBQ baked beans.. the list goes on. So clear your dining calendar for a about a week and get ready for a fatty feast and a half. According to my more experimental friends, the catfish (blackened) was delish and the ribs were tender and cooked just right. NOTE: Drop cloth and elastic waist band a MUST to eat here
5	this is seriously good bbq, very homey, incredibly reasonable, and a huge menu to boot.  the waiting area is like your grandmother's livingroom, and the service is both fast and folksy.  we took a $60+ RT cabride from vegas, but it was so worth it.  the backporch plate of tri-tip, 1/2 chicken, and baby back ribs was so good it made my eyes roll up in my head, honey.  it came w/fabulous, tender biscuits, and a choice of 2 sides from a dizzyingly big list.  we chose well w/peanut slaw, and the potato salad, both of which I highly recommend. my only complaint, and it's a small but significant one, is the fried green tomatoes--they were swimming in some kind of creamy tomato sauce, which muddied up the fried goodness of the tomatoes.  I would have preferred a remoulade or tartar sauce, a la new orleans.  other than that, it was like going to heaven w/o dying.  I think I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess that you won't get anything like this on the strip.  it's a huge relief to get away from the surf n' turf or high end, foofy places that fatigue both the wallet as well as the palate.  even w/the cabride, we saved money, and, even sharing the backporch special, we had enough leftovers, along w/the extra biscuits they gave us, that I had cold bbq chicken on biscuits for the next 3 days.you can smell the meat cooking from about 1/2 mile away and it's popular, so make reservations, if you can.  it has an outdoor porch that looked great for nice days, but the place gets filled up fast, they tell me.  we got lucky or maybe just ate early, so there was no wait.  also, lucille's is in a shopping center, totally unassuming, but I can't wait to return on our next trip to vegas to try something else on the intimidatingly big menu.  I recommend this place, hands down--it's worth the taxi ride/ drive.  seriously.
4	Went here with the family during a spring break trip to Vegas. After a long trip to and from the Grand Canyon, we were all ready to eat. First of all, the portions are huge! My wife had a BBQ ribs appetizer (4 nice-sized meaty ribs), the in laws had southern fried chicken and a meat dinner and I had smoked salmon. We all agreed that the food was excellent! If you're in Vegas and you want some BBQ, go to Lucille's!
4	We always have great food & service......
1	Hubby was dying for trying Lucille's and we were nearby... And, though it was Saturday night, it was early enough.... So I said "why not?" ... Two words I will forever regret now.Instant seating, and then the host walked us through the restaurant & out the back door, then through all of the patio seating to a table next to the front door.  Brilliant!  We should have kept walking... (sigh)Hubby's sweet tea wasn't, so he added sugar... And the biscuits & apple butter were seriously nom.  The 1/2 appetizer platter sounded like a good solution to appetizer confusion, but it was... Boring.  Almost everything was fried & needed salt to have any flavor.  They even managed to make Fried Green Tomatoes boring, which was a big disappointment since I LOVE FGT.  Sad.Entrees eventually arrived.  Mine was the center cut pork chop, billed as juicy & flavorful - two lies right there.  It was a thick cut hockey puck, totally inedible.  The accompanying vegetables were cold, the garlic mashed potatoes had no flavor anywhere, but the whiskey-apples were tasty.  Hubby had the Back Porch trio, baby back ribs, briscuit & chicken.  All of it was dry but the flavor was good on the chicken & ribs.  His sides were baked beans (tasty) and peanut slaw (tasteless).Our server, Art, offered to remove my entree from the bill so it came to about $50 for the two of us.The best part?  Hubby saying he never wants to eat there again, because I totally agree.
4	Good BBQ! Better than famous daves. Best brisket ive ever had.
3	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally did.  It was a Thursday night and we were seated right away.  Our server was friendly but not as attentive as I would have liked so for that, minus one half star.  I ordered the baby back ribs which were very tasty with a light smoky flavor and just the right amount of bbq sauce.  I ordered a strawberry lemonade and it was soooooo good. Just the right amount of strawberry, not too tart.  I thought the biscuits and butter were just ok, but I really don't care for those thick dense Southern style biscuits much.  And the butter to me just tasted off, like when I tried it, I couldn't tell if I liked it.  But they lose one and a half stars for running out of the mashed potatoes and when we were brought our entree, were told it would be only a few minutes.  Well, it's not like I ate super fast or anything but at the end of the meal, the mashed potatoes still hadn't arrived.  I told the server to just put them in a to go container.  The thing that disappointed me most was we were not offered a discount on our meal for not having the mashed with our meal.  I did not want my entire meal to be free, but knocking off a few bucks without me having to ask should have been a given.  This really disappointed me, and sort of left a bad taste in my mouth.  I may try Lucille's again, but they are pretty pricey so maybe I will give them one more try for lunch or something.
4	This is about as good as it gets in Vegas.  It's definitely more upscale for a BBQ joint.  The BBQ here is really good but a little pricey.  The good thing is the portions are ENORMOUS.  We shared a 3 meat combo (St Louis Ribs, Chicken, and swapped Tri-Tip for Brisket).  It came with 2 sides for 27.99.  Everything was great.  The chicken was so moist, brisket not dry, and the ribs were very tasty.  We really enjoyed the biscuits with apple butter - be sure to ask for more.I am a BBQ snob so if anyone knows of a better place (not named Buzz), please message me.  Till then i'll keep coming back here :8
3	Loved the biscuit with honey butter, especially the fact that they just kept on coming. I got the brisket dinner and my friends both ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I liked mine, save for the fact that it was served luke warm. The sides were all pretty run of the mill. My friends both didn't complain about their dishes, but didn't seem too crazy about them either. Service and prices were both average. After trying both Lucille's and Famous Daves, I'd go back to Daves if I was hungry for some brand name BBQ.
4	Good food
4	Oh Lucille's, how I adore you... you have never done me wrong. I have eaten there a handful of times, and while the ribs aren't my all time favorite, there are some excellent choices on the menu... Megan M. and I were trying to decide on a place near GVR to meet up with our husbands for some drinks, and since I have had such great experiences at Lucille's in the past I suggested we meet up there. Lucille's happy hour is from 3 to 7 Monday-Friday, and is available in the bar area only, but offers great deals on both drinks and food. I started out with the strawberry lemonade, which is alcoholic but sure didn't taste like it. Two of those went down very, very easily. My husband and I split two orders of the sliders, which were $3.99 for 2. You get your choice of bbq beef, pulled pork or buffalo chicken. The pulled pork was my pick, it was overflowing with lots of pork covered in tangy, tasty bbq sauce. I snagged a piece of the buffalo chicken from my husband and it tasted more like bbq then buffalo sauce to me, but he didn't complain about it.The only negative aspect of our visit was the slowness of our server. My husband and I arrived after Megan and her husband had already sat down and ordered drinks, and it took a while for someone to notice we were there with nothing to sip on. As the night progressed the bar area got more and crowded (people just standing by the bar to take advantage of the drink prices) so if you want to sit down to enjoy your grub, arrive early!
3	We came here after my niece's 1st Communion. We got there not long after they opened but we still had to wait about 10 minutes to get the table ready. Lu was our server and he was pretty peppy. After taking our drink orders..it seemed like FOREVER until he came back with our drinks and biscuits. Granted we did have more than 15 people in our party but another server helped out and brought out ONE cup of coffee to help Lu out.After handing out all of our drinks we were ready with our orders. My sis and I ordered the BBQ Two Meat Combo Platter with beef ribs and St. Louis ribs. For our sides we got the mac and cheese and braised greens.It's been awhile since I've been to a Lucille's but I did remember that their biscuits were good and their drinks are served in large mason jars. The strawberry lemonade was a little on the sweet side but still good. My sister ordered a Peach Moon which had Blue Moon beer, peach schnapps, and orange juice. I had a taste of it and it was really good.Our food came not too long after which we were very relieved we didn't have to wait that long compared to our drinks. The beef ribs were tasty. However the ribs weren't consistent. One was tender while the other was overcooked and tough. I've come to the realization that I don't like St. Louis ribs. This was probably the third time trying it and it's not my cup of tea. Unless all three places just didn't cook them right. The mac and cheese was just ok, as well as the greens. I tried some of the sweet potato friends and those were sooooo good! My sis and I both agreed it's probably one of the best we've had. They were very crispy but still was creamy when you bit into it. I also liked the Cajun spice sprinkled on it.For dessert we shared a red velvet cake a la mode. Unfortunately they forgot the ice cream but served it after. The cake was just ok to me. The frosting was a little too sweet for me. Overall it was a good meal and besides the slow beginning, Lu was friendly and attentive. I'm not from Vegas so I probably won't come back to this location but I'd go back to the one in my area. The Peach Moon is a very refreshing drink!
4	Have you ever just craved meat? I mean meat fest? Man, I get these cravings from time to time. For some reason I really wanted to have BBQ, real BBQ, just a hunkering for sweet meat. I remember that I had eaten at Lucille's in Cerritos and wondered if they had one in Vegas. When I found out there was one in Henderson I was licking my chops. I had the Back Porch. This consists of half a chicken, tri tip and ribs. I got the beef ribs. The trip tip was awesome, just wish there was more of it. The half chicken was not my speed. It was just too much meat and well it was chicken. Now, the ribs, AMAZING. So juicy, moist and delectable. I kept chewing on the ribs like a dog they were so good. The sides were great too, really creamy coleslaw and awesome potato salad. Sweet tea could have been sweeter but was fine by me. The Memphis sauce was awesome. I just needed this meat fix and boy I was happy I got it.
5	We had rib tips, fried okra, chicken, brisket, smoked artichoke and it was all soooo good.  The sweet tea was excellent too. Good portion size, excellent service from Ashley, glad we beat the crowd.
4	For a good time, call Lucille!I get really excited about visiting my mom's place in Henderson because it means that I get to go to Lucille's for some hard-core comfort food.  Lucille's is always dependable for fun southern drinks and a satisfying meat fest with all kinds of fixin's.  Rolls and apple butter are complimentary.  Start with some fried dill pickles.  Then move on to any kind of BBQ meat imaginable with mac and cheese, collard greens, okra, cole slaw, or baked beans, to name a few.  I particularly like their house original BBQ sauce, although there are a few to choose from. I've always had decent service and the atmosphere is fun. Live blues plays on weekend evenings in the bar.
2	This place used to be excellent when they first opened several years ago. The quality and service have gone way down and the prices have gone way up. Is not a good value at all.
5	Came here for Memorial Day (big thanks to our service folks) and boy it was good. I order from the happy hour menu and I ended up taking most of my food home ,since I was talking the whole time at the bar( plus I'm a light eater). The Cajun Fish Tacos were good & fresh. The slider's where good as well and I enjoyed the BBQ sauce.  Also order a hurricane and it was on point- it remind me of trip to New Orleans. The onion straws were good as well, but the servings were too large for me. I ate a few and trashed the rest when I got home. The bartender's servers were great and they provided excellent service. I will be come here again. Eat drink and be merry folks.
4	This tends to be a fall back for me with BBQ. I keep trying other places, and come back here afterwards.  I've been here at least 10 times and the service has always been great. The food is very consistent, and is delicious!! The BBQ always tender, and everything else fresh.  The decor also kind of cute. The meal is finished with some hot (really, be careful) towels. No wet naps here.  It may be a little more than you wanted to spend on a lunch hour from work, but definitely worth it.
3	Yum!!!  HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
5	Some of the best, quality bbq in town. A tad over priced and if you go after 6pm, there is going to be a wait. Highly suggest a call ahead reservation. The brisket is awesome, also the pulled pork, fried chicken, and smoked salmon is great. I love their sweet tea with mint. For sides, the mashed sweet potatos are delish.
5	Best bbq this side of the south. Baby back ribs are slap yo mama good with the meat falling off the bone. Tri tip is another favorite. Come visit and try them... see ya there.
3	In a word... underwhelmed. I came in here with high expectations, though, so it's not really fair.The portion sizes were massive, the drinks were good... but I was definitely underwhelmed by the quality of the BBQ... to the point that I didn't finish my meal, and it wasn't because I wasn't hungry.Maybe I hit this place on an off day. It's worth eating at, but I don't get the hype of the "OHHHHH MY GOD I CAME MYSELF FROM EATING HERE."
5	I love this place!! The food is amazing, The ribs, my god, the ribs. You leave very full and happy. I love the hot towel they give at the end of the meal. The briskets and sweet butter are so good. I always bring some home to have with coffee the next morning. I love the fried pickle chips! Very kid friendly. I always look forward to eating here.
5	This is my favorite bbq place in the LV area. The hot and spicy bbq sauce is one of the best Ive ever had. I highly recommend the tri-tip sandwich.
5	Pork ribs were amazing and so was the Cole slaw! Service started out slow but finished strong.  We had two people who are kosher and they were so accommodating!  Kudos for that!!
5	All time favorite in Green Valley for BBQ.  Been enjoying the brisket & pulled pork since they opened back in 2003(?)Service is always good even when the wait time is long.  We went last week on a Wed. night and ended up eating in the bar which isn't a bad thing at all.Fried Green Tomatoes is a GREAT starter with a margarita!The better half had the ribs but still feel that Tony Roma's has the best ribs head to head.  I might concur.  But for gooooood smoked beef brisket, NO ONE can match Lucille's!
4	I have always had a love for their BBQ chicken. It is seriously the best around. It must be brined, smoked and treated with all kinds of love. The chicken is always tender and juicy and loaded with flavor. Brushed with just enough sauce and with a nice crisp grilled skin. I also love the gigantic mason jars they use for drinks, never need to ask for a refill which is always a plus.How do they always pick such perfectly ripe watermelon?
1	So maybe I've been spoiled growing up with good BBQ as well as traveling to the BBQ meccas like Memphis, Texas, and the Carolinas, but I was not very impressed with this place.  I went tonight with my parents, as it was their last night in town and Yelp said this place was supposed to be good.  Service was fine, right up until they got my parents order wrong.  It took so long to remake their order that we ended up canceling it because I had already finished eating by that point, that's how long it took.  Can someone explain to me why it takes so long to make dry ribs and "dry" pulled pork?!  It was ridiculous.Now on to the food we actually did get to eat.  The chicken wings were probably the best part of the dinner, we got them dry, and they were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, excellently done.  The rib tips were ok, nothing special, but it was nice that they weren't to fatty.  The brisket was so smoked that there was barely any beef flavor there, mainly just smoke and bbq sauce, which made me wonder... The hot links were pleasantly spicy, but for some reason the casing didn't have much "snap" to it.  I had trouble piercing it with my fork.  I did like the sweet tea that I had, it was served with mint which was nice and went well.  Also like that they served the tea in a mason jar.On the whole, I would give the food 2 stars, but due to the service and everything else, 1 star or less.  I will not be coming back to eat here unless dragged.
5	My son & daughter and their families took me to Lucille's for a surprise birthday dinner. This was my first time there, but my daughter & family  had eaten there before. We had 9 in our party and no one had any problems with the service or food, everything was "great"! I grew up in Texas where BarBQue is King, but the food at Lucille's is as good or better. I had their fried okra, the best I've ever eaten! I also had the smoked beef brisket, it was so gooood. Their sweeten iced tea comes with mint and served in a gigantic mason jar, the flavor was unbeatable. I look forward to going back again the next time in Henderson.
4	This is the second Lucille's location I've ever been to...  I'm not the biggest fan, but there's worse out there.First off, I must rave about their strawberry lemonade.  It's served in those great big jars and it's bright pink, sweet and refreshingly delicious in the summertime.  I had two jars...  The pre-dinner biscuit (singular) reminded me a lot of the ones at KFC...probably my least favorite item.  I ordered a combo of baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork.  The ribs were great (next time I'm ordering a full rack), the brisket and pulled pork were kinda...meh.  But that strawberry lemonade...hot damn, it made it all worthwhile.So yeah, not the greatest place, but if you're a rib fan, I'd say go for it.
2	Went there with my girlfriend to finally round out the Big 3 in town. Memphis, Famous Dave's, and then this one. (I'm sure I'm missing out on others like TC's, but those 3 are the ones that usually come out of everyone's mouth here in town). Memphis was a joke. Never again. Dave's I've been to on 3 occasions, so far so good. They had a lapse at their Galleria Mall location, but i gave them a pass since the joint had just opened up a few days earlier. Since then, their ribs were great. I came here with high expectations as well. I guess you can say I was saving the "best" for last. The biscuits we got before the meal and that sweet butter was not my cup of tea. I'm sure there are some that LOVE it, I don't. I like my spreads on the salty side. I ordered the St. Louis ribs because according to the waitress (who i thought was good), they were the fattier rib. I'm a fan of fatty meats so I went with it. I ordered the 2 meat combo platter with my girlfriend so the other meat was brisket. The brisket was worth coming back for, LOVED IT, but I don't go to rib joints to eat brisket. The area where we give the 2 stars in, are the ribs. TERRIBLE. It felt like i was eating a beef jerky with a bone in it. Not meaty at all. The portion was small, too! I know there are others here that say their portions are big. If you think theirs is big, than Famous Dave's would make you faint in how big it is. When the plate came, we seriously thought we had another plate coming. We didn't. I'll take the brisket and the soda (which I think is awesome when it's served in those "jar" glasses) as their positives. Also the fact that they had Ginger Ale was great. But the ribs were a mess. Never again.
5	Without a doubt...the best barbecue I have ever had in my life!...and I've been around. Everything I have had there is far beyond delicious! The ribs (all varieties), hot links, tri-tip, pulled pork, corn on the cob, slaw...top notch all the way!I only have one question...famous who??
3	Went hear based on several recommendations from my friends who raved about this place.  I was let down by my experience here.  Ribs were NOT tender and on the fatty side.  Have not been back and don't plan on going back.
4	This was not a pleasant dining experience.Once we were seated it took 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge our existence. That's unacceptable, especially for a mid-tier priced restaurant that ended up being $30 a person (with alcohol). My friend and I split a half order of the appetizer platter and a 2 meat combo deal with bbq ribs, brisket, mac-n-cheese, and sweet potato, with meat-sauced-drenched watermelon in the middle. The first part of the meal felt like this http://bit.ly/qVmIqr, there was an over-abundance of fried food. The second part was just way too much; toward the end, I only ate because I didn't want to the food to go to waste. The food was significantly less quality than past experiences I've had here. The ribs were burnt to a crisp and the brisket tasted old.I'd pass on this place. At this point, I feel that Buzz is the King of Vegas BBQ.EDIT: The owner just contacted me after my last review, and frankly I am very grateful of respectful customer service. The food has been the best BBQ in Vegas in the past and I look forward to trying it again soon.
4	You would think I would go to Lucille's for BBQ.  But, no, I go for their Fried Chicken.  It is two perfectly cooked boneless breasts in a crisp crust.  But the white gravy that comes with it is incredible.  I could drink a cup of it.
5	Lucille's has the best barbecue in town. I tried other items that were excellent such as the marinated steak in steak gravy and the fried chicken with pan gravy. I love the fried green tomatoes and cheese grits as well.
4	Oh man I am still hurting. I swear i gain like 10 lbs. Dinner for 7 came out to be about close to $200 with tip. The tri tip was good but everything seemed a little to sweet but good. One of my friends order the greens for his sides he said he like them so much that next time he wants 2 of the same sides. I had corn on the cob and show string fries good. I tasted the salmon salad was really good and was very large. My other friend ordered a pork ribs full order and we watched him knock it out as well over all a good place to eat. service very friendly and quick.
4	Food was delicious. I ordered fried pickles, fried okra,  BBQ chicken, beef ribs and tri tip. Everything was good except the tri tip, a bit dry for my taste. The BISCUITS IS TO DIE FOR. I asked 4 baskets. Sooo yummy!!! They were so packed it took us 2 hrs to finally get out of there. It took them forever to bring us our food.
5	Katie our server was great, she blabbed on about smoking meat and sausages but was very attentive and pleasant. The riiibs were great and came out very quick, everything was good grub and grog
4	I had to bump up my rating due to a manager contacting me and apologizing for my experience.  I appreciate the fact that businesses really do care about their customers and the service they receive.  That is a rare find these days.
4	This is the best place for BBQ~ not only is next to Green Valley casino~ It has these screened room's sorta like backyard patio style! The ribs are out of this world, baked beans and corn on the cob!!! I like the beer selection here it's served ice cold & there lemonade is screaming good!!! bring an appetite... then hit the casino~
4	Usually to get the best BBQ you have to find one of those "hole in the wall" spots.  Lucille's is an exeption to that rule.  Even though it's a chain restaurant it has that "hole in the wall" feeling.  Although we did have to wait a bit even though it wasn't that busy, the experience was a good one.  They started us off with Biscuits and this cinnamon honey butter stuff that was delicious!  We ordered the fried green tomato's  which were excellent.  They were breaded and fried to perfection while the inside still had a bite to it!  Then we did the two meat meal; we chose the BBQ tri tip and beef brisket, partnered with the honey peanut slaw and sweet potatoe fries.  I gotta say, I don't know if it was what we picked or if it's just that good but it was some of the best BBQ and sides that I have had in a while.  The Tri tip melted in your mouth and the beef brisket had just a touch of chewiness to it that held up to the sauces and was quite nice on it's own.Overall a great experience that I will go back for, just make sure to bring your appetite!!!
3	Came here for lunch. Lunch was good but nothing i would rave about. BUT I'm also not a BBQ fan.  My hubby is and why we went.  He did rave about the different kinds of BBQ sauces on the table and enjoyed all. Service was fast and attentive.
5	Everything about this place reminds you of a small town BBQ places in the south.  Mason jars for drinking glasses, the decorations, and the smell.  You know you walked into a good BBQ place by the smell!!!!  Everything i have had so far on the menu is delicious!!!  from the biscuts and cinnamon butter, to the fried pickles, to the entrees, and dessert!  The only complaint i have is that it is a bit of a drive for me but well worth it!
5	After losing pocket aces at green valley ranch, I needed a place to get my hopes back up and lucilles sure did that.  AMAZING food and service.  The peanut slaw is to die for.
3	THE BOMB! It could be that I am pregnant and my taste buds go crazy over BBQ or this place is just plain GOOD!We ordered the Backyard Feast for 89.99. It was more than enough to feed 4 adults and a child. The baby back ribs were very succulent. So much that writing about it is making my mouth water. For sides we ordered roasted garlic mashed potatoes, southern braised greens, macaroni and cheese, and fried. OH cant forget to mention that the homemade biscuits with apple butter is so good. All the sides were fresh and importantly, good LOLWe went on a Saturday night and the wait was not bad at all. We got our drinks a few minutes after we sat down. After we made our order, we received the sides and order within 10 - 15 minutes. The only bad thing about this place was that there were people smoking at the entrance and I thought that it was very rude because there was a smoking area a few yards away from the door. So if you smoke please be considerate and smoke in the designated area. Kids and people who are pregnant don't want second hand smoking. I give it a three star because of this. I couldn't enjoy sitting outside in the patio area without smelling the smoke. Also parking sucks here.
3	Vegas (and Henderson) isn't known for it's BBQ, so Lucille's qualifies as one of the better spots in town. Sure, it's a chain, but it's one that serves up some pretty decent food.The complimentary biscuits were ok, but I would have preferred cornbread. We shared a whole rack of baby back ribs ($26.99) with sides of coleslaw and BBQ beans. The ribs were tender and smokey with a bit of char  that gave it an added crispy texture. The beans were a bit spicy and the coleslaw was underdressed and bland.We also got a side salad ($2.49) and a baked potato ($2.99) -- both typical and mediocre fare.Our kid had the chicken fingers ($5.75) -- hand-breaded strips with ranch dressing on the side. He seemed happy enough with them and the fries, which I stole several of, were deliciously crispy and light.Add a Fat Tire ($5.25) and a margarita ($6) to the dinner and it wasn't exactly a cheap meal. With the tip, dinner for the three of us came out to over $64. It satisfied a craving for BBQ, but I still prefer Buzz BBQ and Famous Dave's.The atmosphere is what you would expect from a BBQ chain -- tchotchkes and flair everywhere with a southern feel. It's a fairly large restaurant in The District area of Green Valley Ranch with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, but expect a wait on weekend nights.
3	I'm a little angry at this place. I love the food and always tell people about it. The last time I went however was a service nightmare. What really set it off was was the 20 minute wait to sit down. We had a group of 7 and when I looked around most seats were occupied. But the enclosed porch was empty. I figured they just didn't have anyone working that section. 20 minutes later they sit us down in this very spot. While waiting at the bar I felt invisible as well as the rest of my party. Once I did get my water getting another was near impossible. So i went and refiled my glass in the bathroom. The bar tender was so focused on his duties that he tried to pour a draft upside down.  It really wasn't that busy.  Same problem with the waitress. Didn't notice empty glass's and it seemed to be different waitress through the duration of the dinner. Once again I gave up and went to the bathroom to refill my glass. She finally noticed some empties at the end of the dinner.  My guess is the staff is trained to be so charming that they loose their focus to detail. I love the food here but did not have a good time. I'll be back but I hope this was just an off day for them.
3	solid BBQ but they have lost touch with reality with their prices...
2	Ok food and atmosphere, but a bit overpriced.  I've had better, authentic, "Bar-B-Que," at a hole in the wall place for half the price.  Pro: Their menu offers a lot of different things.  Not just bar-b-que.Convenient if you're planning to be in the District at Green Valley.It seems that the atmosphere is what you're paying for.Con: Overpriced.  I don't mind paying for good food.  But it seems mediocre.  Ex: $5 lemonade.
5	Service was outstanding and the food was excellent.  Salads were very good for the dieters in the group, though everything else was quite fattening, but yummy.
5	The food here is AWESOME!! Enjoyed everything we ate! We will definitely be going back!
5	I know BBQ and I say this is the one of the best in the valley.  Melts in your mouth.  I AM NOT KIDDING.  The pink lemonade is really good.  After you eat here, you should go see a movie and let your body enjoy all the food that you have just consumed.  Worry tomorrow about the weight that you have added.
5	I've been here twice and so far the tri-tip and brisket are my favorite.  I'll be back.
3	Food is great. Deep fried pickles are awesome, brisket and portobello mushroom sandwich is another good choice. Make sure to save room for their bread pudding. Service was terrible in bar, I normally eat in dining area but it was Sunday so I wanted to watch football, never again seemed like it was a bother for the bartender to have to wait on me. I had to ask for silverware and condiments, only as I was putting on my coat was I offered a refill on my tea. The food is great but eat in the dining room.
4	I went to have dinner today and my family and I had no problems. My rating has moved from 3 to 4. Keep it up Lucille's and you'll have 5 from me in no time!
3	On my third visit, I had gotten take out.  There wasn't anyone at the counter, but the girl finally came, although I wasn't ready to order yet.  She left and said to call her when I was ready to order.  I figured she would come back after a few minutes but she never came back so I had to ask the hostess to get her.  We finally ordered, the food took awhile and there seemed to be an issue with my gift card.  The manager came over, and was super polite and was able to show her how to ring up my order.  This was going to be the first time my husband has eaten Lucille's and he was not impressed at all.  I didn't enjoy my food as much either, but I figured it was because it wasn't piping hot from the oven by the time I got home.  I agree with other reviews that the food is pricey for what you get.  But, their lemonade still rocks and will be ordering that when I am in the area.  I think I will only dine in if I ever eat here again.
5	I seriously need to stay away from this place.  They are really making it difficult to go back to being a vegetarian.  The food is beyond delicious. The staff is amazing! They even know how to prepare fish/seafood well.   Go figure.  FYI not a good place to go if your worried about calories.
5	Excellent food, drinks and service, can't wait to return.
3	I used to really like Lucille's.  The food is good, the service is quick- However the last time I was there a few weeks ago we had the most obnoxious waiter.  I will never go there again because of the way he was acting.  He knew he was going overboard too because at the end he apologized and explained that "not everyone always gets his humor".   Because of this guy I 'm sticking to Famous Dave's from now on.
4	I was craving some bar-b-que, some real good smoked meat and they delivered! I'm not a fan of many chain restaurants but I gave them a shot. Friendly service, good beer and good meat.I ordered the sample lunch special, your choice of one rib and two other meats plus a side. I had the beef ribs, hot link and brisket. The sauce on the ribs was good, sweet, tangy and tender meat. The link had a great spicy kick and not at all greasy. Brisket could be cut with a fork and great with one of their custom sauces available at each table. Their pale ale was a bit hoppy but most micro brews are. I tried the fried pickles, the batter was light and tasty but I wasn't a big fan. The potato salad and peanut coleslaw were excellent sides so all in all this was a great meal.Lunch special prices were very good. I hope to return and check out their live music sometime soon.
4	We had a large group birthday dinner here couple months ago. I am not big fan of BBQ food so I ordered a tri tip salad and grilled artichoke. Tri tip salad came in very big portion with special BBQ sauce. My artichoke was done perfectly. And I loved their free biscuits with spiced honey butter!! It was so good, I didn't finish my salad because I had 3 biscuits that night. Our waiter was very friendly and efficient. He even separated everyone's bill for us in the end (we had 23 people in the party). It's a great place for large group dinning.
5	Great Happy Hour!  Went for late happy hour and was treated to good food, good beer and great prices.  They also had live music for an added bonus.  The only disappointment in the food department was the rib tips.  They were a bit dry and not a great deal for the price.  Other than that, everything else was good.  The atmosphere was another pleasant surprise.  The decor makes you feel as if you were in the South, without the bugs and humidity.
4	Nothing is better than BBQ, I mean nothing!  This place is just too busy at times.  If you have the patience, wait.  The BBQ is worth the wait.  I usually don't eat french fries, but I devoured these.
4	No waiting in bar area for lunch. Ordered the beef brisket sandwich and potato salad and sweet tea. Sandwich was hot and shredded brisket was lean and tasty. Comes with very ligght sauce so you can adjust it to your taste with the 3 tabletop BBQ sauces.Great side order options, try thre potato salad and mac  n cheese,. Definately upper end BBQ joint with medium to upper end prices and worth it.
5	Friend's fam was in town and we surely went-to-town and went ALL IN, baby!Got the appetizer sampler which consisted of fried pickles, fried onion strings, fried green tomatoes, fried chicken strips...basically FRIED HEAVEN!!!!!I was excited to try the fried green tomatoes as I had no clue what that would taste like. And it was...fried-green-tomatoes. Stupidly, simple as that. lolGot the sampler platter for the main course. It had tri-tip, baby back ribs, bbq chicken, a watermelon and mac and cheese as our sides. Lemme tell you that after our appetizer platter, I was pretty much dunzo. But, had to shovel some ribs, and mac in cheese in me.Love their sauces on the table. Full bottles of regular bbq, spicy bbq, and sweet bbq. I like to mix the regular with the spicy!Again, our server was a sweetheart! Always with the refills of sweet tea and other delish alcoholic beverages we had on hand =)
4	Yum yum, give me some more!I hardly ever feel like eating barbecue, but after listening to one of my friends go on about how incredibly delicious Lucille's is, I had to check it out for myself. There was no wait at all when we went and we got our orders in right away: one sweet tea, water, onion straws ($8.79), and BBQ Beef Ribs ($28.99 for 7 bones). Our entree was served with homemade biscuits and two sides (macaroni and roasted garlic mashed potatoes). The apple butter and biscuits might've been my favorite part of the whole meal. I wasn't very fond of the onion straws, but that's because I never really am. Don liked them a lot though. The sweet tea was very tasty and refreshing, but didn't come with free refills, so we just nursed it. The beef ribs were very hearty and mouthwatering. They were well cooked and very tender as well. Definitely the best ribs I've had at a restaurant in a good while. Even though the food was awesome, I'll admit I think the place is a tad overpriced, which is why I'd probably only come here a few times in a year. Tips*Sign up for their email list to get $5 off your next meal*Happy hour! 3-7pm Monday through Friday and 9pm 'til close
3	Interim review:I have had Lucille's many times catered by my various employers (I work in this area) and it has always been spectacular. This, my first visit in, was not. The restaurant, service, location, cleanliness etc... we're all very good. The barbecue, however, was not particularly moist or flavorful. It was average. This broke my heart somewhat. Maybe it was a new guy in the kitchen, maybe the oven needs to be adjusted. Maybe the pigs and cows of the world are in drought plagued areas? I look forward to returning and rewriting this review.
4	I was recently in Las Vegas for a convention. My nephew, a Henderson local, took me out there for dinner.The Place was really busy, but they were fast & efficient. Live Blues players on hand..The food was GREAT & the dessert was BETTER. I had the artichoke appetizer, the LARGE order bbq tri-tip with beans & greens - followed by the chocolate cake.Did I mention the biscuits? They were wonderful!!Definitely worth the trip.
4	Went last night. We have bben several times and find just about everything pretty darn good. Last two times for me has been Mardi Gras Chicken. Funny, we were joking about the issue that just happenned at Heart Attack Grill in LV (where a guy eating there had a heart attack) and right in the middle of that they set down my plate----which became not so funny when I wondered just how many calorie this giant plate of deep fried chicken breasts and loads of other stuff contained. Anyway, find the food there is almost always very good. Not the best barbeque I have ever had, and to me seems a little pricey (for a rack of ribs) but overall a good choice. 4 stars for the food, and 5 stars for our waiter, a young man named Brian. If I managed that place, I would be doing what I could to keep him around. Will keep going back. A tip for those that didn't know already. Costco sells Lucilles gift cards locally that are $80 for a $100 face value. About the only way you are going to get a discount here.
5	Having eaten here twice my last review I can confidently say that 9 times out of 10 the BBQ here was amazing, even for someone who loves good barbecue.  Even when it's mediocre (in my demanding opinion) it's pretty damn good. Just a warning to the barbecue layman: there is bones in the barbecue as is the custom in many barbecue traditions. They are usually edible (not the rib bones obviously) but this is BBQ tradition and not Lucille's laziness. Lucille's is not lazy.Protip: The burgers might actually be better than the barbecue. THEYRE AMAZING.2nd Protip: The Garlic Mashed Potatoes are cooked by angels and then flown down from heaven. That's the only explanation for them.
5	Awesome barbecue joint.  It's kinda pricey so go with an appetite.  I've been about 4 times and ate at the bar.  No complaints
3	The food was great but I found the price way too high.  I wanted the beef ribs but I will not pay $22.99 for 3 beef ribs.  The food deserves a higher star rating but between the high prices and the 45 minute wait I was not really happy.  I smoked my own ribs the next night for 4 people for not much more than the cost of 1 meal at this place.  Its nice for a night out but you won't be able to afford the movie after, LOL.
4	Atmosphere was great. Staff was friendly and helpful. Food was very good and fast. Well definitely return again!
1	Maybe I was expecting too much but I was told this was the BBQ place to go.  There is a sister restaurant in LA and I heard good things about that restaurant as well.  I had the rib tips to start and they were a little sour and just tasted like meat. I went for the triple platter special which had tri-tip, ribs and something else. They all were ok and I found the meat was a little tough. The mac and cheese was spot on though. The service was horrible!  Our back waiter was initially really good. He got our drink orders and even gave us some tips on what to order. Then we never saw him or our waiter throughout the rest of our meal.  We had to flag down other servers for drinks and our check.  The sad part about it was the restaurant wasn't terribly busy and our section was practically empty. Terrible service always makes me never want to go back to a restaurant.
4	Mmmmm BBQ... so good. Great spot in Henderson to really pig out on some well cooked meats. Wonderful ribs, I always get a full rack of baby backs (26.99 vs a half rack at 23.99... seriously just pay the extra $3 and take any you cant finish home people!!!) The sweet tea is also a favorite of mine. Chicken wings here are ---Spicy--- and delicious. Creamy coleslaw is something I will also order and pick up from here it is so wonderful. I've never had a bad experience here service wise. Only thing holding this place back from a 5/5 is that its just a generic kind of chain, it doesn't have that extra umph or character to set it apart especially in this unique town.If you want good BBQ and are in Green Valley, I don't think there is anywhere else you should go.
3	after hearing much hype, we had to try this while staying in vegas..it was a friday night, and the place was getting busy...we were seated, then the server took the drink order and brought the drinks...took the food order for a beef sandwich and pulled pork sandwich, which is the hallmark food for me when it comes to judging 'Q' restrauants...the sandwiches came, overflowing with meat..we thought this was great, BUT, the meat was way overcooked and almost like mush...like it had sat in broth all day..broken down, no texture and watery tasting...the biscuits were good, but didn't care for the spread, which tasted like cool whip with cinnamon in it...the 'greens' were delish though...would give the food a 2.5 and the server the same, as he sat our food down and ignored us until bill time....will we come back? ummmmmmm no...
4	We went here for the first time last evening for dinner because we had seen reviews that they had one of the best veggie burgers in town. I know, it is a bbq joint, but what can I say: we don't eat meat :) That being said, we really had a great meal and will be back. I got the portabello sandwich and hubby got the veggie burger. Both sandwiches were juicy and flavorful. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer and enjoyed that as well. Service was quick and friendly without being intrusive.
5	First trip to Lucille's was while we were on a trip to Vegas. Lucille's was close to our hotel in Henderson, so we decided to check it out. First off they have the best strawberry lemonade (only second to Cracker Barrell) I have ever had. My husband and I both got the Trip Tip sandwich, AMAZING! The bbq sauces they have a awesome and the food was great. We will definitely be back to Lucille's, in California though :)
3	I think I hyped myself up too much for the place, so a little disappointed in the end.  I started off with a Back Porch Strawberry Lemonade... good lemonade with some vodka, can't ask for a more refreshing alcoholic drink.  For the entree I ended up sticking with the Back Porch theme and ordered the Back Porch entree which included Ribs, Chicken & Tri Tip Platter and two sides... yeah I'm a fat-ass, I don't deny it.  Anyways, the tri tips were overcooked; the bbq chicken was very good, but needed more sauce and the ribs were perfect.  For the sides I got the mac & cheese and the sweet mashed potatoes, which our server said were their two best items.  The potatoes were a little too sweet and almost tasting like pie filling, the mac and cheese was basically flavorless, so was very disappointed by that.  Ah well, I tried it and it was ok, I'm sure I'd give it a second chance at some point... probably just get the ribs on their own.  Also, the biscuits with the apple butter... awesome.
5	Lucille's is our favorite place for BBQ!We've come here for lunch,dinner, even Thanksgiving, and have had exceptional service every time. My boyfriend is a big fan of the tri tip, but everything we've ordered is awesome. We always try to make room for dessert, so we can order the Snickers Ice Cream Pie, but it never happens. I think we were able to share the Banana Pudding with Nilla Wafers, very yummy!Highly recommend it! Eat to your heart's content, then take a walk around the District...
4	I used to not be a fan of this place but the last time I was here I really did enjoy my experience.  Yes, the interior is absolutely fabulous. Very southern home-like, I passed the porch area on the way to the bathroom and I felt like I was in Georgia. You can see in my picture it has whicker-furniture with a few rocking chairs.  Get my drift? I had the strawberry lemonade served in those mason jars. Very delish and the jar adds to that southern touch.  Just like everyone mentioned they probably serve some of the best biscuits, which is something I look forward to each time I come here.  I also love the fact they're pretty much unlimited and this visit I had 2. Wow not so good on my waist line considering the apple butter is amazing as well.  We came during lunch time so I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich with mashed potatoes.  The sandwich was pretty tasty, good amount of BBQ sauce on it. I really like the crunch from the onion strings and I also like the fact they have a quarter of a pickle on the side. The mashed potatoes were okay, but nothing to do back flips over. The only downer about this place it's kinda pricey, but I suggest to go during lunch making it more reasonably priced.
3	What I had: Sweet Tea, Fried Pickles (appetizer), BBQ Sampler (entree) + 2 sidesPrice: $40Sweet Tea: GREAT, comes in a big Bass Mason Jar with actual fresh mint leaves in it. Most places don't go this far. Didn't even need a refill.Fried Pickles: whole dill SPEARS fried. I honestly didn't like them as much because (1) The dills were too big. I prefer the little, oval shaped pickles (chips). (2) The fried outer shell falls off too easily. (3) They were incredibly hard to eat as they were to hard to pick up with a fork and too hot to touch with your hand. They were so hot, in fact, that when I bit into one, the juice came out and burned my tongue and lips. They weren't that great. the 2 dips (ranch, onion) was bland. "Famous Dave's BBQ" makes better fried picklesBBQ Sampler: (1) Chicken: Juicy, no complaints (2) St. Louis Ribs: no complaints but I've had juicier ribs elsewhere that fall off the bone easily (3) Brisket: Good but it didn't have the TANGY taste of "T.C.'s Rib Crib" or the softness with extra BBQ of "Famous Dave's BBQ". the best part of Lucille's is the fact that they ACTUALLY grill all their food on an open flame and you can't hide that look, taste or feel. Most other places BAKE their so-called BBQ food. Their is a great deal of food, anough to feed 2, but I don't think it warrants a $30 price tag.Mac-n-cheese (1 of 2 appetizers): Supposedly "homemade", it's GOOD but not great or not anything to write home about. "T.C.'s Rib Crib" has their own recipe and it's much better and "Famous Dave's BBQ" has a more "zazzier" mac.Peanut Coleslaw: SUKT. it wasn't creamy at all. It tasted more like a cold salad with chopped peanuts on top. Greev Valley Ranch Feast Buffet has the best coleslaw.(Freebie appetizer) Bread biscuit with honey/cinnamon/butter: Soft but dry. Their's doesn't compare to the taste of Memphis BBQs.The Decor: this is where they shine. Their restaurant has a much more thematic southern feel than all others. The outside resembles the front porch of an old southern home while the 2 inside portions look like a Jazz/Blues Bar and a Southern restaurant on a sun deckThe waitresses/waiters: When I first walked in 2 waitresses CLEARLY saw me standing right in front of them right at the entrance which is shouldered on the left by the bar. Yet they acted like I was invisible. One of the ladies had a kid who (for some reason) was hanging out in the bar area!?!? The kid ran past me and jumped into his waitress mommy's arms as she CONTINUED to ignore me. I finally just walked past them and SAT MYSELF. Although I was sitting there with no FOOD menu, about 5 waiters walked past me, glancing at me but never stopping to take my order (not even my drink order) for a period of about 5 mins. the waitress that DID approach me was nice however (white or hipanic or mixed chick) short black ponytail. I thought the FIRST thing you do when a customer walks in is to seat them and hand them a menu??? Apparently they don't do that here.Final Verdict: If you want better tasting "Southern Style" or "Soul" Food for a cheaper price try Famous Dave's, T.C.'s Rib Crib, or Memphis BBQ.
5	Yum - Barbecue!  Brought an out-of-town friend to the barbecue for lunch and it was awesome.  I had the barbecued chicken sandwich and the flavor was right on and the chicken was tender, and the bun was very fresh.  We had ribs as an appetizer and they were very Delicious and the meat just fell off the bone.  They have a wonderful children's menu with a variety for the little ones to choose.  I love the ambiance of Lucille's - I am so glad we came here before she left as she bought 3 bottles of barbecue to take home to California.  Thanks for a great lunch and thanks for the great service.
4	Came here with a large group last Saturday night. Parking was pretty ridiculous since the District is apparently a very popular destination. We started our meal with biscuits and apple butter, which were pretty yummy, as well as a salad with croutons and choice of four dressing (ranch, bleu cheese, balsamic, italian). Then they brought out an assortment of all kinds of meat, including pork ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, and chicken. We also had a nice variety of sides, including french fries, sweet potato fries, mashed potatoes (surprisingly awesome), collard greens (not bad), and veggies.I enjoyed mostly everything and was pleasantly surprised at how moist the chicken was. The sweet potato fries were not that impressive, although the normal ones were. I honestly could have done without the loud music, which makes it hard for anyone inside the building to have a conversation, and I found that the Memphis-style BBQ sauce was too tangy and almost seemed to have a metallic flavor. However, I really loved the normal BBQ sauce (and I avoided the other one because I'm not that much of a fan of spicy).Lucille's is not perfect, but it's a really nice place on this side of town to enjoy American BBQ.
4	Cool vibe and atmosphere.  Really like that they have live bands.  The best bbq I've had in Vegas/Henderson area.
5	One of the best southern food places I have been to in the western states. Much better BBQ than the Famous place. The families favorite restaurant since moving to Henderson.
5	From Ashley our server, to the food...FANTASTIC!  The brisket was SO tender.  Although I had a horrible experience last time I was there.(May 2003) Ashley's great service and Lucille's hot food made up for it!  It was pricey but the quality makes it worth it!  If I want cheap garbage, I'll go to MCB.  For barbecue, it's Lucille's or nothing at all!  Makes Ellis Island's ribs, which have gone downhill look like trash. Ellis decided to cut back on quality.  Lucille's didn't.  Way to go!
5	A strong 5 stars!!!I had been wanting to try this place for a while and finally did the other night. All I can say is wooow!!! It was everything I expected and more. I got the bbq two meat combo I got the baby back ribs and the spicy hot links and as my sides i got the baked beans and the mac n cheese. The ribs were falling off the bone and the bbq sauce was delicious so sweet and flavorful, the hot links were nice and spicy. As far as the sides the mac n cheese was creamy cheesy goodness and the baked beans were sweet and had a lil kick also very good. Oh and it comes with a slice of watermelon which just happend to be the sweetest juiciest watermelon ive ever had. I also grabbed a few bites of my bf's mashed potatoes and omg they were sooo creamy and delicious. To wash this mouth water meal down I had sweet tea with my meal which was just as delicious as the meal. I was oooing and awwwing the entire meal I went there expecting a great meal and thats exactly what i got. They have good quality food, huge portions, and good service.Its a lil pricey for bbq about $80 with tip but it was well worth it!
5	i gotta admit, i didnt think i was gonna like this place. my husband loves smoked bbq anything and i knew he was gonna love it here so i reluctantly agreed to go here for dinner. thank God i agreed to eat here with him because the food here is unbelievably delicious. EVERYTHING. everything i stuck in my mouth was yummy. from the complimentary biscuits you get (with the most aMAZing apple butter. you might wanna see if you can get some extra because i sure wish i did) after you order, down to the banana pudding with nilla wafers and bananas. ive never had fried okra so we ordered that and the fried green tomatoes as our appitizers. okra doesnt have the best reputation but after trying it here, it is VERY popular in my book. YUM. i would like to have more right now as im writing this review. it came with 2 different sauces (ranch and a dijon mustard) but i prefered the ranch sauce. yum. we also ordered the cornbread which was just the right consistancy. it didnt fall apart when you cut into it with your fork. the fried green tomatoes were also delicious and it came with some red pepper sauce. yum. i cant stop saying that. for the main course i had the bbq tri tip sandwich with extra crispy sweet potato fries. holy moly, the meat in this sandwich was SO soft, i couldnt get enough. probably one of the best sandwiches ive ever eaten. and im really not big on the bbq. but dang, the flavors in this sandwich were unreal. and the fries!? they were actually extra crispy! thank God because i hate soft fries! my husband had the jambalaya which he loved. dessert....we HAD to have dessert. even tho we were so full from all the other food we had just eaten. we had the banana pudding which came with lots of nilla wafers and bananas inside. we didnt think we would be able to finish the entire thing because like i said, we were full. BUT the dessert was SO good. we ate it all. and became stuffed. so stuffed i had to do a couple laps around the shopping area after we were done eating.bring an empty stomach. because youre gonna need it with all the things youre gonna wanna try here. and save room for dessert. definitely coming back here again.
4	The ONLY reason I give this place four stars instead of five is because the service was lacking a bit. It took forever for us to get drinks/extra napkins/ketchup. Other than that, the food was outstanding. We came here on Memorial Day because we were too lazy to do our own grilling, and after smelling our neighbors cooking some ribs, we just had to have them!We got the fire roasted artichoke for the table. My only complaint is that the artichoke was not very meaty and if I'm paying $10 for an artichoke, it shouldn't be small with leaves that hardly have anything to grab at. The garlic/mayo dipping sauce was delicious! My gf and I shared the Lucille's platter - it came w/ two chicken breasts, four ribs, a few slices of tri-tip meat and two sides. We opted for corn and french fries. Every single bite of this meal was delicious. The rib meat was fall-off-the-bone tender and the chicken was impressive too (usually chicken is just blah for me). The tri-tip was absolutely phenomenal. We ate the entire platter and brought one huge chicken breast home, so these serving sizes do not mess around! The corn was also really really good. It was obvious that it was fresh and grilled and there was some type of pepper butter on it that was extremely flavorful. All in all, I will definitely be back the next time I'm craving some southern BBQ.Be weary, the prices are a little high compared to other BBQ joints around time, but I do think the quality of food and the preparation is worth it!
4	I have been to Lucille's many times and it is one of my all time favorite restaurants. The complimentary biscuits with apple cinnamon butter are AMAZING!! I always order a full rack of baby back ribs and take the rest home. The leftovers make for a great treat later or the next day. This time I ordered the baby back ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and shoestring fries. Everything was delicious.Lucille's also serves the best strawberry lemonade, which comes in an old school jar! The backporch strawberry lemonade is also really good (strawberry lemonade with vodka).It was my friend's birthday so they have him a little sundae with a candle, which was kind of neat. Only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because service could have been better. Our waiter didn't seem too happy, or maybe he was just busy. Not bad service, but not great either.We will be back.
4	We enjoyed the happy hour here at Lucille's.  The fish tacos were dang good and the drinks were perfect.  Fri and Sat nights are a great time to hang out at the bar, eat and listen to the live blues band.  Nice local neighborhood place to relax on the weekend.
4	I'm really happy to say that my 2nd trip back here was much better.  I had to have the brisket again and the hot links.  My girl gave the St. Louis ribs another shot.  I guess that first time I went, they had a bad day in the kitchen.  These ribs were much fattier.  Smoke was great.  I'm glad I came back.  Service was never an issue in the first trip, and was great again this time around.  I'm glad I came back.
4	Had the tri tip with portobello mushroom sandwich that was very good. Service was kinda slow though.
4	I liked it!  We went for lunch I got the pulled pork baked potato and a salad, hit the spot.  The biscuits they start you off with are sinful and just plain mean if you are trying to eat healthy!
5	I have been here many times over the last few years and I absolutely love it. It has the best happy hour specials. First, the happy hour goes until 7pm, which is awesomely late for a happy hour, and then it continues again at 9pm. Appetizers are between $4-6 and are basically small plates--delicious and filling, and not just frozen mozzarella sticks thrown in the fryer. Quite a lot of drink specials as well--beers and specialty cocktails both on the happy hour list.A couple of times I have had Tobi for a server and she is amazing! Genuinely happy to be there, and not the trolling-for-tips kind of "happy to be there." Parking is always great, right behind the restaurant. One of my favorite places in Henderson, even though it is a (small) chain restaurant.
5	Just when I think Lucille's doesnt get any better....it does! We usually have a large group so we always get the family feast.  This time there were a few of us, so I got to explore the menu a little.  Fried pickles are a staple, and Lucille's does them right! I decided to go with the pulled pork sandwich.  It was everything I expected...and more! Pork was tender and smoked perfectly then served on a grilled potato bun.  I added some of their sauce and bam! All was right in the world.  Until I couldn't finish it of course, because it was huge.  Had mac n cheese as the side and that was also delicious.  Everyone has their preference, but I really like it here.  Definitely prefer over Famous Daves, but in the bay Area there's no Lucille's yet :(  My husband did have a minor gripe, he thought he'd had better tri-tip elsewhere.  But he likes everything else at Lucille's so this was just a small fluke.  Never had dessert here, but I can only imagine....
4	So this is a two part review...Part 1 - It's 115 degrees outside. It's a Tuesday. A group of us are trying to stop in for a quick bite to eat and to make it to GVR for $6 Tuesday Movies. So we chose Lucille's because a friend in the group had never eaten there and he wanted to try it. It was pretty steady for a Tuesday so we chose to sit in the bar. Reminder, hell's doors must have been left open because it was at least 127 degrees outside. So we're hoping to get in somewhere cool, enjoy a quickish meal, and go to the movie. As we take our seat in the bar we realize it's not cooling down. We get our drinks, they had more sweat coming off them than an Olympic weight lifter. Again, it's at least 134 degrees outside. So we order our food, definitely decent quality. Never had tried the burger so I got that. Also tried Fried Green Tomatos for the first time. Not too shabby. We tell the waitress that we need the bill because we're in a hurry to get out of there so we can make it to the movie. 10 minutes later she brings the bill. So I was already hot, since it was 140 degrees outside, this just made me hotter. Fortunately we made the movie before the start, but had to sit in the 3rd row (lame sauce). Intermission - so I wrote a letter on the Lucille's website just letting them know my disappointment in the service and the setting. I received a phone call from the restaurant manager and was told that because of their smokers they use when it gets above 110 outside they have a challenge keeping the venue cool. I appreciated the call and accepted the apology. Not very often you get an actual person to call you. Definitely won me over as I know this wasn't the "norm" for Lucille's. To my delight, a week later I also received a $25 gift card in the mail. Thank you Lucille's.Part 2 - A perfect meal. This time it was only 104 outside (only, haha). I ordered my personal favorite, the Marinated Sirloin Steak Sandwich, and it was outstanding as always. Steak cooked to perfection. My wife ordered a bowl of clam chowder which she said was absolutely delicious. I'd be remiss to not mention the sweet tea, which I think I may have drank a gallon of. Best sweet tea around. Service was great, and the temperature was much more comfortable this time around.Thank you Lucille's for turning a bad experience into a good one. We'll be back.
5	I've been here a few times now, most recently last week... and this place is consistently great. I've tried the larger chains- famous dave's, smokey bones.... and they don't compare! This is nothing like that, this place is legit! I love the charm of it too, the tables and chairs, live music, drinks come in mason jars...its all super cute! The teas are amazing (try the watermelon tea in the summer), the biscuits are omg-delicious!!! I've tried all of their bbq meats and everything is always good. My favorite is the chicken with baked beans and fresh veggies. Every time family visits, this is the place to go!
4	The Happy Hour here is great!1. Smoked Spicy Sausages2. Chicken here is juicy... even the breast!3. The chili here is FANTASTIC! OH MAN! I LOVE IT!4. Brisket is so soft, tender, and pieces come off when you use a spoon. You have to come here for the brisket and sausages at least. The atmosphere is like any other barbecue restaurant, but they have some incredible bbq sauces (the spicy one is my favorite). I highly recommend coming here for their happy hour to get a little bit of everything. They also accommodate couples with their plates that can be shared (I bet two individuals will be satisfied).
5	Here in town on vacation with the family. We were meeting with a family friend who lives in the area. We asked where is a good place to eat. First place he said was Lucille's. We walked in and saw the smoker and I was sold. I had the brisket platter. The brisket was a little tough, but still good. The sides of mac and cheese and cornbread were amazing. And the prices were very reasonable for the food served. Next time I am back in vegas, I will be stopping in again.
5	Great food and very friendly staff. Portions were slightly smaller than other places I've been to but it still filled me up and the presentation was better than other BBQ places. Price is reasonable for what you get but I wouldn't exactly call it cheap. Had a great experience and will definitely be back
4	I have only been here once and need to go back. The BBQ is excellent and portions are huge!
2	I judge a bbq place by a couple of menu items.  First, hot links.  Lucille's are not good.  They're not hot and they're kinda mealy.  Second, beans.  Lucille's beans have too many other things in them.  Big chunks of undercooked veggies.  Not good.
2	Went here with the husband. And I have to say the ribs were good that was his dish. I choose the pull pork it came to the table with no BBQ Sauce and swimming in vinegar. I asked the waiter what gives and he said that's how its cooked at Lucille's. For what ever the reason he didn't understand that NO means NO. Because I sent it back and didn't want it back. And yet he emerged from the kitchen with yet another pulled pork sandwich swimming in BBQ sauce and vinegar. I said no thank you yet again and a manager decided to come to the table. I told him I understand it was not his fault he didn't cook the poorly served meat and that I'm from Memphis where we have the best BBQ. So, I cant and wont be eating meat that swims in vinegar. Thank god the husband shared his ribs or I would have starved. Dessert time came around and well I ordered the banana pudding OMG it was Box pudding not home made or made from scratch. Before she even sat it on the table I was like no thank you. Why is something wrong? she said...Yes it is. I don't eat box pudding. Eva.  I don't understand why people who serve food in Vegas don't understand what made from scratch means. Shall I post a made from scratch recipe. Lucille's will get 2 stars from me. Next time I go I will not get the pulled pork or the dessert!
5	Why hasn't anyone told me about these biscuits with apple butter?  Wow! I could have stopped there and been perfectly satisfied. I had lunch here a few years back and I don't remember loving it as much as I did tonight. After enjoying the biscuits, my wife and I split a half order of onion straws. They were seasoned perfectly and were piled high (we couldn't even finish the half order).  I enjoyed mine with the spicy table side BBQ sauce, whereas my wife opted for the sweeter original sauce.For dinner, I ordered the 1/3 pound  BBQ bacon burger with shoestring fries. I was already stuffed before my dinner arrived, but decided to put my big boy pants on and eat up. My wife ordered the tri-tip sandwich and was in heaven. We enjoyed our dinner so much, she couldn't stop smiling and I couldn't stop nodding in acceptance. As if we weren't fat enough, we opted for the small banana pudding for dessert. Who doesn't have room for pudding? Bottom line, I regret not coming back sooner than I did. This place is great! ****** They keep the air conditioning on full-blast, you would be wise to bring a sweatshirt or light jacket.
4	Usually we hit this place up for lunch on the weekdays.  They have great lunch deals on their bbq platter combos plus good size servings. Plus it's not too busy and you're seated right away 9 times out of 10. Nights and weekends are a different story.  Mr. B  wanted to celebrate here with the family, so I made a reservation ahead of time just to be on the safe side.  Luckily I did. You know you might have to have a bit of a wait when you walk up and see there are people sitting & milling around outside of the restaurant.  I let the hostess know we had a reservation and was informed it still would be another 15 minute wait. No problem, we just hung out at the bar and chit chatted with our server there who took my drink order.  Ended up that our table was ready to go 5 minutes later.  We were seated in less than a 10 minute wait.  So if you know you'll be dining on  weekends when they are usually busy, make a reservation.  You dont want to be one of the hot and sweaty guests sitting out on the porch.Ambiance: This place is smokin! Literally! The smoker is right in plain view of the restaurant and you can smell all the bbq meats being smoked throughout the place.   Noise level: Weekdays: average ..busy weekends/evenings THIS PLACE IS SO LOUD THAT YOU HAVE TO SHOUT TO HEAR YOURSELF!  Either that or I'm really deaf.  That's how noisy it was. I didn't really mind, but I felt sorry for our server who had to repeat herself a lot.Food: Really 3 STARS ... Its good. Out of all the chain bbq places it's the best out of them. My favorite appys & side dishes are their Creamy Cheese Grits &  Peanut Slaw. Fried Pickles and the onion straws sliced real thin and battered in buttermilk are a must to order!  They come in1/2 and full sizes...1/2 is plenty enough to feed two people.  Oh and their sweet tea refreshing. Love the huge mason jars they always come in.BBQ platters; Mr B ordered the 2 meat platter and I got the 2 meat platter + 1/2 chicken which was six dollars less.  Both platters had the same amount of portions of meat. At least to me (see photos I snapped).   You do have more choices on the 2 meat platter, but if you're going to order pulled pork and rib tips, the 1/2 chicken 2 meat platter is a great value!  The rib tips tender, brisket, chicken, everything had a nice smoky flavor to it.  I like to top my chicken with more of their original bbq sauce.  It's sweet and not too tangy. I usually buy a bottle also to take home. Finally dessert: Cake for the birthday guy..a red velvet one. He said it was very good, moist and the icing very sweet and cream cheesy (his words).  I stuck with my usual, warm bread pudding that's drenched in a bourbon sauce . It has bits of peach slices in it. The smaller order is just right for me. This place is pretty consistent in service.  Wait staff always friendly,(+1 for all the 49er fan props) our food comes out quick, drinks are always refilled on time,  everything is always good, never had been disappointed with any order..and despite the super busy night, Mr. B's birthday celebration here was a success.
4	I've eaten here once and want to return so bad! Why oh why are you so far from my home? I have some southern roots and I grew up eating good BBQ and when I say this is good BBQ this is good BBQ!There was a little bit of a wait but my date and I were able to occupy ourselves outside talking about the pleasant aroma that came wafting out of the door as people came in and out; once it was out turn to be seated we were handed two menus that contained a slightly overwhelming number of options. I settled on the Catfish and she had the ribs; my catfish was blackened and seasoned perfectly; the ribs were a smoky delight and our side dishes were equally pleasant; the Cornbread was a light airy delicate surprise not common with Cornbread and when used to mop up the plates it was a tasty sponge for leftovers. The price wasn't too bad; I believe Yelp uses the Moderate term. I can't wait to find myself on that side of town again for dinner; I'd love to make this my new favorite restaurant since my other regular BBQ spot closed down.
3	BBQ is my weakness. My family thought I was crazy for wanting BBQ catered at my wedding. I'm proud to say that my ivory wedding dress did not get one drop of BBQ sauce on it.The last time we visited this Lucille's location, it was an early afternoon and we were seated quickly. Our waitress, Typhanie, was very attentive. I had completely forgotten about those soft, pillowy little pieces of heaven called biscuits with apple butter. She apologized for the biscuits being so late to arrive to our table. I hadn't noticed, as I was still deciding what I wanted to eat. It's a hard decision there when everything is good!I decided on the pulled sliders-two pork and one chicken. Ate those up quickly while sipping my half sweet/half non sweet tea in my favorite-MASON JARS! Totally gives that southern feel to the place.Typhanie once again comes to our table and apologizes for the delay in the arrival of my husband's beer. Once again I am clueless as I am now browsing the dessert menu. Typhanie offers a free dessert for the lack of service, but we are so full and oblivious to the supposed lack of service that we politely decline.It's been a long time since we've had a waitress THIS good, to accompany food THIS good.Bravo, you little southern feel, southern cali restaurant chain! You hire great employees, and serve up some good cookin!
5	I have a complaint.  Why is there not a Lucille's BBQ in every town across America?  Seriously.  I travel to Vegas often on business and I can eat here 3-4 times in a week without every being bored.  I literally drool just typing this because I literally crave it like some kind of rabid addict.  The tri tip dinner with garlic mashed and mac and cheese is downright sinful and every single specialty drink is fantastic.  Forget losing those last 10lbs because if it means not enjoying Lucille's, I'll learn to love these curves.  LOL!
2	I found the food to be mediocre. Ribs were not tender. Restaurant is VERY noisy. Quite pricey too. Memphis in Vegas is a much better BBQ experience.
3	Lucille's is a 1950's-eque BBQ joint located right next to the Green Valley Ranch Casino. If you go on a weekend night, I can guarantee that you're going to waiting for a table. A few of my coworkers and I went to Lucille's for lunch. And here's the review:The Good: I had a BBQ salad and the meat, though there was not much on the plate, was flavorful and tender. I got to try some of my friend's brisket, and it too was juicy anf flavored nicely. I love that all of their drinks come in mason jars, and their menu offers a variety of BBQ items to choose from. In addition, they have an in-house smoker so the aroma of BBQ hits you right when you walk through the door.The Bad:The service is friendly enough, but sometime it felt like we were being rushed.  For lunch on a Wednesday, it was quite crowded, and we had to request refills on our drinks. In addition, their prices are a bit high for the amount of food you actually get. I've been to several BBQ places, and Lucille's seems to focus on being a bit more upscale than their competitors. Will I return? Probably. But, this is not my first choice in BBQ.
5	Four of us tourist stopped by on out way from the Ethel M. Chocolate Factory, about 4 miles away. If you get this near stop. We ordered takeout so we never saw the inside of the place.Two of us shared .5 smoked chicken plus sides of collared greens, cheese grits & 2 biscuits. This meal was $17. DELICIOUS!  Best cheesy grits I ever had that was not cooked in either South or North Carolina. The greens were also mouth smacking good. We could not eat the biscuits; to much food and our plane departure time was 6AM the next morning.If you want to take a break from the casino strip visit the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and their Cactus Garden then eat here. Save the chocolate candy you buy for later so you can eat all the food you order here.
5	Love this place! Great biscuits to start, drinks in mason jars, staff is friendly, and the food is good!
3	Less than five miles from the Strip is Green Valley and a selection of very good restaurants.  During a trade show we needed a casual place for a cold beer and some food.  Lucille's filled the bill.  Now, you will not think that you died and went to New Orleans - but for southern food in the desert southwest this is OK.
5	BBQ must be slow cooked, slow cooked with wood. baby back ribs, pulled pork, brisket.
5	Went again for my husband's birthday...this place is consistently excellent. We had 2  coupons (they surprisingly let us use both), shared the 3 meat platter and took home a dessert and paid little over $30.
5	Can't believe it took me 2 years to try this restaurant. Went last night and had the best food and service. Loved the homemade biscuits with cinnamon butter. I had the tri tip sandwich and it was delicious. Husband had the brisket which was also good. Can't go wrong with a place that serves their beverages in a mason jar - the strawberry lemonade hit the spot.
5	What an all-around excellent experience!  Just thinking about it makes me feel good.  We were part of the onslaught of people who were waiting at the door, when they opened for the day.  We were seated exceptionally fast, and our server did an amazing job of juggling the 4 tables that were seated more or less simultaneously.A "Muddy-Water" (their version of an Arnold Palmer), served in a Mason Jar, was a bit on the pricy side.  But the generous portion, and prompt refills, took the sting away.My pulled pork sandwich was one of the best that I've ever eaten.  'Melt in your mouth' is a phrase that comes to mind, but still falls short of the actual experience.Oops, I almost forgot to mention the atmosphere.  From the giant smoker in the middle of the room - nicknamed Smokestack Lightning, to the tasteful mix of both old school and more modern blues, the atmosphere added to the very enjoyable experience.
4	Great service and food.The tri-tip pepper sandwich (sans mayo - with barbeque sauce instead) was very flavorful.  Although, they were a little stingy with the amount of meat on the sandwich.  Regardless, I would certainly order it again.My wife had a burger which was very good (and big).  We didn't have any drinks, but the table next to us did and they were huge.Overall we had a great experience at the restaurant and would go back again.
4	I grew up on BBQ, so I have to get a monthly fix... I've been coming here since they opened. I have tried many things,ribs - good, chicken - good, brisket - good.. tri-tip - about as good as it gets! The tri-tip is tender with the best smoke flavor you will ever put into your mouth. If you want southern sides, I highly suggest the greens and sweet potatoes. I am disapointed that they don't offer fried okra as a side, only as an appetizer. It must be there way to upsale.. Fried okra is my favorite and you can only find it a few places in town. Service is pretty good. They forgot utensils this time and it took awhile after the food was served to grab them, other than that.. a good meal reasonably priced.
3	There's high-fructose corn syrup in EVERYTHING here. Even the vinegar-based sauces have it as their second ingredient. Absolutely ridiculous. The beef is not grass-fed, but the pork is pretty darn delicious. Despite the food being laden with artificial ingredients and preservatives, the meat itself when taken alone is pretty darn tasty.The portions are huge and a pretty good value.The drinks are delicious and I ignore all the sugar and whatnot in them. It's booze. It isn't supposed to be healthy to begin with.I order all my meats "dry" --meaning no sauce added --and eat them the way they were supposed to be. Meaty and delicious.
3	My family went here for my brother's birthday, and surprisingly they had a veggie burger. My dad ordered two of their special platters for two people- two meats, two sides, and dessert (to share, or individual). We were given AMAZING sugary biscuits will apple butter. YUM! Drinks come in the usual jam jars.About fifteen minutes later my dad gets his platters, and he passes the food out to my brother and sister. I still wait for my veggie burger. Another fifteen minutes goes by. My dad asks the waiter about my food.He forgot to order it. *le sigh* My family by this point is done with their dinner, and want dessert. I, being hungry, devour all the sugar biscuits. My food was compt, and my drink, and it eventually came out. Even the manager came out to apologize. My dad told them it was fine- I was a vegetarian, and so I wasn't important in a BBQ place. He laughed the entire way home.
3	Solid BBQ choice!Ordered the baby backs...very tender and flavorful.  The sauce is super sweet, but after I dipped them in the "spicy" sauce, they because 10x better.  Don't worry, not very spicy...just has a lot more flavor than their default bbq sauce IMO.  The ribs earned a 4.5/5 in my book.  The sides were not mind blowing...ordered the mac and cheese and the corn.  Didn't really hit it outta the park.  Would not order them again...The comp bread was good though!  The strawberry lemonade was super yum!Also ordered the gumbo...it was pretty bland to tell you the truth.  Gumbo is supposed to be an explosion of spices and a little bit of heat, but this didn't do much for me at all.  Knocked off the extra star due to this...The service was good and attentive, but the prices are pretty steep IMO.  I think my rack was $30.  Most of the other choices were in the high 20 range as well.  Good BBQ deserves good $$$, but I feel like everything was 10-20% higher than they should be.I might be back, just won't be running back soon.
5	Talk about good eating,been twice want to go back. Ribs so good had the leftovers and biscuits for breakfast.All sides are excellent  the mac and cheese better than homemade. Only place you can find good sweet tea
5	BEST LUCILLE'S ANYWHERE!! From Cali and been to many Lucille's  but this location tops the cake!! Thanks Henderson Team!!
5	This place is a little slice of heaven. There is not one thing on the menu that is not unreal. They smoke all of the meat there, so it is fresh out of the smoker. I would go early as there can be a wait. But if you do get stuck waiting, just pop into the bar for a mint julep, it will ease the pain as you become hungrier and that wonderful smoky smell has you in a trance. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Definitely no complaints. Everything our family ordered was amazing. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone who loves barbecue.
4	Deelish BBQ. If you are craving tasty cooked meat, and sides of comfort, go here. Lucille's has a lively atmosphere and an extensive menu. Their location is convenient.
4	I have been here at least a half dozen times and always have a good meal from the cajun to the ribs it is all good.  Very kid friendly if that matters to you.
5	Best place ever! We moved to be closer to this place, well and a better location but still because of this place! We really like there atmosphere, live music in the bar on Fridays DURING happy hour. Food is always spot on and the drinks are great, try the watermelon jalapeno or the back porch lemonade. The best part of this place is the sweet potato fries though, to die for. We bring all of our out of town visitors here and they always have a great time.
5	Went here by myself for lunch to "try it out" I am a bbq lover BUT I saw they had a chicken breast w/ gravy and mashed potatoes and could not pass it up.It was AMAZING I was so full I did not eat the veggies..well who needs veggies when you have those amazing biscuits w/apple butter..To bad it is so far away from where I live I can't go as often as I want to but next chance I get I WILL be there..
5	Best BBQ in Vegas ....highly recommend the ribs........big portions good staff....reasonable prices...wish i lived closer
4	**Summary**       - BBQ - They have 3 BBQ sauces. Original, spicy, and one mixed with a vinaigrette I think. The spread their original on all their meats by default (you can ask for the meats dry without sauce if you'd like). The original is my favorite, and is on the sweeter sides of most sauces.       - Beef Ribs - Giant ribs with a lot of meat.       - Baby Back Ribs - The waiter told us these were the most tender and has less meat than the St. Louis. However, we found that they were slightly drier.       - St. Louis Ribs - Meatier and the most tender, this was my favorite rib hands down. The meat on the sides were a little chewy, but the meat in the middle was perfect.       - Consistency - We were told depending who finished off the ribs, some might be more tender than others. Of the ribs we got, the best ones were a step beyond most rib places. However, the drier parts were on par with cheaper BBQ places.       - Smoker - They have their own smoker in the middle of the restaurant. I thought this was a nice addition to the whole authentic feel of the place.       - Live band - We came at 7:30pm on a Friday and was greeted to a 45 minute wait and a live band (2 guys).       - Portion size - The food we got for was definitely too much. The 2 meat combo and the appetizer rib alone would feed 2 people easily. On a side note, the sides are kinda small compared to the meats.**Ordered**       - Biscuts and Apple Butter - They bring this to you at the beginning and it is freakin' awesome. The butter is made with butter, cinnamon and apple sauce. It goes perfectly with the fluffy biscut that already has sugar sprinkled on top.       - $3.99 Southern Fried Dill Pickles (Half) - They were pretty good. Lightly breaded and crisp. But since they were spears the breading always came off them too easily after the first bite.       - $13.49 Lucille's Chicken Salad - The first time I've had chicken salad where the chicken wasn't dry. It was really good. However, I didn't like the balsamic vinaigrette, so I got it dry. I added some of their BBQ sauce as dressing, and that was delicious.       - $27.99 BBQ 2 Meat Combo Platter - We got baby back ribs and beef ribs. The plate is giant. 4 large beef ribs and half a rack of baby backs. Their BBQ sauce is perfect, sweet but not too sweet.       - $13.99 BBQ Rib Appetizer - Got the St. Louis on this one and the meat near the bone was super tender and succulent. However, on one side of the rack and on the crust, it got a little dry.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a really nice BBQ place, and don't mind spending a bit. Though their prices are a little higher than most, you're paying for the quality.
5	Holy smokes this place has some good BBQ! I was in the neighborhood and stopped by on a coworkers recommendation. I had the tri-tip and baby back rib lunch combo. There was plenty of food and the service was excellent. I'll be back, SOON!
4	This is definitely one of the best BBQ spots in Vegas.  I'm from Dallas and I definitely know what I'm looking for with BBQ.  I wish I could've given 5 stars, but the service was definitely not up to par.  BBQ Baby Ribs and St. Louis Ribs with baked Mac and Cheese is a MUST get!  And the watermelon iced tea for your refreshment!
4	This place was a heavy favorite when my wife and I lived in Henderson. Even now living in the suburbs of one of the best food cities in the US, I still miss Lucille's. Great atmosphere and really great food. I rarely deviated from the pulled pork sandwich, because it's just too good not to get, but the menu has a lot to offer otherwise.I'd argue that Lucille's is the best restaurant in the District.
5	Hands down the best BBQ in Vegas. I have been going there for years. They are always consistant with their dishes and their service. If you are craving BBQ this is the spot. Usually I get the beef ribs or the sirloin steak. Most of the time I don't finish and always take home for lunch the next day. Portions are very big. Still worth the trip from Summerlin.Be carefull the smell slaps you silly from the parking lot!
5	If you're craving BBQ, come here!  They even serve drinks in cute mason jars.  I'm from the south so I love the southern charm :)
5	Best BBQ in town! This place is on the opposite side of town from where I live,but it worth the drive! They have a great happy hour. The menu is so huge! Great variety. Service is always good.
4	Located in the Green Valley Ranch resort I came in for dinner on a Thursday evening and seated myself in the bar. It was still happy hour so I started off with a 22oz cold beer. I was brought a biscuit for starters and it was yummy with the sweet butter spread. For dinner I ordered the BBQ 2 meat combo - tri tip, St Louis ribs dry, peanut slaw and mac and cheese. The meats were decent and had a lightly smoked flavor. The honey roasted peanut slaw was incredible but the mac and cheese was just average. The portion was more than enough and had to pass on dessert. Noticed that Lucille's offers many southern options for dinner such as red beans and rice, fried chicken and jambalaya. I want to check out one of these next time I return.
2	Just to let you know, the following events happened about 3 years ago.  This was our first time visiting this particular Lucille's.  My wife and I had been to the branch in Rancho Cucamonga before.  Unfortunately, this branch was not nearly as good as the one we visited before.  We arrived with our friends at a little past 9pm on a Thursday night.We had taken a day trip to Grand Canyon West, and our friends were craving some good bbq.  I remembered that there was a Lucille's in Henderson so I recommended this place cause of the good food we had tasted at their Rancho Cucamonga location.  We arrived here tired and very hungry.  The place was still busy when we arrived, but they were able to seat us right away.  We were served our food right away (about 5 minutes after they took our order).  So were were very happy about that considering we were starving.  Unfortunately, the food did not taste fresh at all.  The babyback ribs were tough and tasteless.  The bbq tri tip was also tough and chewy.  Sides and bread were fine though.Looking back, we should have complained.  We were so hungry though so we didn't want to wait for anything else.  Anyways, we left unsatisfied although not hungry anymore.I'd still go back to Lucille's.  Just not this location (at least not go there close to closing time).
5	Love this place food is delicious
4	We ventured here on a rainy Friday night in search of some delicious BBQ and potent drinks. This restaurants is not inside of Green Valley Ranch, as another reviewer claimed. It is located in The District across from GVR, next to King's Fish House.The parking was an absolute nightmare. After circling around in the vicinity with three other cars trailing us, we were forced to park in the lot near REI store. The parking lot was a great indication of the wait for a table. When we got into the restaurant the hostess informed us it would be about 30-35 minute way. We decided to wait it. Fighting a spot to wait where you weren't in somebody's way was the tricky part since the bar was also full, and they had a live band performing. Eventually the bar cleared up and we got some drinks. Kentucky tea for me (props to the bartender who took the time to google how to make it) and a Sam Adams for the boyfriend. As we were paying for our drinks our buzzer goes off. Happy days!We are seated at a little oddball table near the patio entrance. The server brings us some waters and asks if it was our first time there. We nod unanimously. The server is super friendly and energetic and explains the set up, points out the smokers inside of the restaurant and explains the three different sauces offered: Lucille's Memphis (vinegary, more traditional sauce), Lucille's Original (tomato based with molasses/sweet and tangy), Lucille's Hot & Spicy (a little bit of a kick, but I wouldn't call it spicy).He brought us over a couple of fresh biscuits with the apple cinnamon butter. Yum!We started off with an appetizer of BBQ Rib Tip - half portion that was plenty! ($8.99) These were succulent and tasty. I would highly recommend.As an entree I opted for Lucille's BBQ Tri Tip Sandwich ($13.49).. the taste was excellent and the meat was not dry, but it definitely did benefit from extra sauce. Although it is marinated in original sauce, I opted to add Memphis sauce on top of it. It gave it an interesting flavor, and added moisture did not hurt either. As my side I opted for mac and cheese which was pretty standard and not memorable in any way.Boyfriend opted for the ever so popular Lucille's Original Pulled Pork Sandwich ($10.99) It was great especially with the Memphis style sauce. He had a side of garlic mashed potatoes, which once again, were just a forgettable filler.I had another Kentucky tea before we called it a night. The server was great without being over bearing. He seemed to appear only when we did actually need something (another drink, water refill, a box to go). Otherwise he didn't pop in ever minute interrupting dinner. Huge props to him.Lucille's offers great BBQ for Henderson folk. It gets crowded so make a reservation. The sides were not that great, but overall food was delicious and service was flawless. I will be trying it for their happy hour which I am told is from 4pm-6pm and they have some great food specials during that time. Yipee!
4	Stopped in for a early happy hour. Here are good drink specials and food specials. While enjoying a few Blue Moons I sampled some rib tips,cheese fries and quesadillas. Tasty food at a good price. Time to go back for dinner, for the real test
4	My old standby for BBQ at the District.  I've been coming here since the place opened up years ago and have never had a bad experience.  Based on my limited exposure to this type of food, it tastes quite good and I wouldn't change a thing. Fan for life...thanks!
3	There is no doubt that this is one of the more popular places at the GVR District, however there is no way I can say it's the "Best BBQ in the Valley" with John Mull's Meats: Road Kill Grill.That being said I've gone here twice and I would come back again.  The price point is a little higher than Famous Dave's and I'm not sure I can taste a huge difference (take that with a grain of salt, I've only had two menu items!).  Portions are large and a normal shorter than 6' 5" person will fill up quickly.  Drinks are served in large caning jars and there are PLENTY of sides to choose from with your dinner.I personally had the brisket which was very tasty, although I had two pieces which were layered in a decent amount of fat that were not consumable.  The sweet rolls they bring to the table with cinnamon butter are a tasty warm-up for the main course.  I would be interested in trying more things here, but i doubt I'll make a special trip, in fact we were originally going to Top Notch BBQ but they were closed for the evening.
4	Easily the best BBQ place in Henderson.  Prices are decent and quality of meats and their preparation is better than Memphis and Famous Dave's.  if it was only ribs I was after, I'd probably stick to Claim Jumper, but for all else BBQ Lucille's is the go to place.
4	This place surprised me with how good it is! The food was great, and the live band on the weekends was a nice touch. I came here with a few friends so I was able to sample some of the different types of meats and everyone of them was delicious!
4	Love the BBQ chicken and baby back ribs.  I didn't care for the peanut cole slaw just didn't taste as good as I remember. The praline cheesecake was meh. I would go back because I love the BBQ and when I need a fix it gives me what I need.
4	Fish was good...  Terrible place to visit if you are a pesco-vegetarian....  Ribs looked good enough to kill ya!
5	One of our favorite restaurants!  We recently relocated to NW Las Vegas from the mid-west and visit Lucille's about twice a month.  We found out about the restaurant through multiple referrals from locals and tourists. We typically use the "call ahead" seating option and are seated promptly upon arrival.  Trying to find a parking spot is usually an ordeal as this seems to be a very popular area of Green Valley.  We especially like the Friday and Saturday night live blues bands.  The reason we keep coming back is the good ol' southern cooking!! We have no complaints about any items we have ordered and especially love the Sweet Tea (served in Mason jars) Southern Fried Chicken (breaded and fried like Grandma used to make) and the biscuits with apple butter!! Felt like I was back home!!! At the end of your meal, they bring warm wash cloths to "clean up" any sticky fingers.which is a nice touch!  We can't wait for the new location to open at Red Rock Canyon which is closer to our home, but in the meantime, we will continue to travel the 25 minutes to Green Valley!
4	Parking was a nightmare and they ended up seating us 20 minutes after our reservation time but the place was hoping so that was understandable.  Once we were seated the service was excellent and the food came out in a timely fashion.Started out with the grilled artichoke and fried pickles appetizers...both excellent.  Particularly the pickles.  I had the tri-tip sandwich with side of beans and my wife had the half chicken with veggies.  All the food was well prepared and delicious.  Definitely recommend over Famous Dave's.
3	Miss the original biscuits. Cutting cost??? Love the BBQ chicken salad except it's very lonely without the biscuit.
4	My best place for enjoying BBQ...I started in their Brea CA location and same great taste here in Henderson, NV!
4	***PROS**** Smells great!* Plenty of seating* Nice atmosphere* Draft beers* 3 types of BBQ sauce on your table***CONS**** It never quite tastes as good as it smells* The pulled-pork sandwich has a rub, not sauce* The shoestring fries were really narrow, like toothpick friesAll in all, we are pleased with lunch. This is our 3rd visit to Lucille's.
5	I had never heard of Lucille's until I won a gift card for 50$. I heard through the grapevine to make reservations and I am glad that I did. 6:30 on a Sat night and it was packed, the bar, the outside patio, and the dining area, hardly a free table in the house. I loved the decor-- like I was visiting a family member's house in the South which made the place a very family/kid friendly environment. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive even with the place being so busy. Some one was always asking us for refills and giving us an update on our order.The tables were busy quickly and often. I ordered the grilled salmon which was a very large piece of fish and a huge side of vegetables-cooked perfectly. My other half ordered a pulled pork sandwich. The mashed potatoes were a hit at our table. We didn't have room for dessert so next time we may just order appetizers and dessert. As we left a small band was setting up in the bar area... This place was going to be rocking for hours to come.(PS. our bill came out to $50.77 so that was perfect deal with our gift card)
4	My son requested to have dinner here after his graduation ceremony.  We ordered the family platter for 10 people.  There was lots of food to go around.  I really enjoyed the food, it was delicious.  However, they didn't bring the salad out until we were filled up on all the other stuff :(   That's why I'm giving only 4 stars.  The place is loud and casual!
4	Probably the best barbeque in the Las Vegas valley! We first learned about Lucille's when we were attending one of UNLV wine events at The District in Henderson. They were one of the food vendors and giving out samples of their BBQ Tri tip. Wow! If what they were giving away was this good, we couldn't wait to try their menu. We were back there for dinner the next night and have been going there ever since.Since they're located in The District, parking is always a problem in the evening but you can park at the nearby Green Valley Ranch casino and walk over--just follow the aroma of their smoker and you can't miss it. Another issue is because of their popularity there is almost always a wait to get in. If possible, make reservations on the phone or through their web site. This doesn' guarantee that you'll get seated at your scheduled time, but you will be ahead of all the walkups. If you have to wait, you'll be given one of their pagers and you can either sit in the small garden area or window shop while you wait to be called. If there's a band playing in the bar, try to get a table outside (if it's not too hot) or as far toward the back as you can. The band is usually playing too loud to have a conversation.The wait staff has always been friendly even with the pace they're serving people. Drinks are served in Mason jars and are quickly refilled when getting low. While you're waiting for your food, you get to snack on fresh biscuits with their fantastic apple cinnamon butter. These usually go fast on our table, so we order a second round of them while we're waiting. Portion size for the dinners is large, so unless you're really hungry you might want to skip the starter. If you do, the BBQ Rib Tips are very good. Depending on my appetite, I usually order their Back Porch which includes a half chicken, tri tip, and choice of ribs. If I'm not quite as hungry I'll order a full rack of either the baby back ribs or the St. Louis spare ribs. Brenda splits her choices between either the BBQ tri tip or the beef brisket. All the BBQ dinners come with two sides and we'd recommend the roasted garlic mashed potatoes and the creamy coleslaw. The honey roasted peanut slaw and the mashed sweet potatoes are also good and we'll swap between the four on our visits.All the meats are tender and flavorful. You can order them wet (with your choice of sauce) or dry. If you order them dry, you can choose between three different sauces on your table to spice up your meat:* Hot and Spicy - tomato, garlic, hot sauce and hot pepper. Not as hot as Devil's Spit at Famous Dave's, but very good.* Original - tomato, molasses, vinegar and spices. Sweet and mild, but with good flavor.* Memphis - tomato, mustard, vinegar. Tangy with a bit of a kick.This is one restaurant that we seldom have leftovers to take home--well, okay...we do take food home but that's only because we order another set of ribs to go.This still is our favorite BBQ place in town, but because it's out in Henderson, we don't get out there as often as we'd like. Now we'll usually just stop by Famous Dave's which is a lot closer, their food is almost as good, and it's a bit cheaper. Lucille's has been touting a new restaurant in the Summerlin area for almost as long as they've been in Henderson. Their web site says it will be at the Red Rock Resort, so we'll finally have one a bit closer to us.
4	I went here for lunch with some coworkers. I got the ribs and tri-tip beef lunch special with garlic mashed potatoes and corn chowder. The servers also gave us biscuits with cinnamon sugar butter and fried pickles. Also, drinks come in these big mason jars.  I will definitely be back!
5	This is the location I would have to travel to before they opened up a store in the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin. It was worth the drive out to Henderson though.It is a cool BBQ restaurant with a southern vibe from the decor to the mason jars you drink from. They have a lounge area with a bar that you can also order food from.The make the best beef ribs you will ever have. Chicken, beef, and sandwiches are all excellent. Nothing on the menu will disappoint you.
2	Gah, they changed the veggie burger! GAH! It is a premade patty now- GAAAAHHHHHService is still lacking- GAAHAHAHAHAHAWe came here for my brother's graduation and called it in a week before. So one would think they would be prepared for us. No. Not at all. We got our drinks after 20min, then finally got our food orders in after 30min along with our sugary biscuits, which I am starting to suspect is the only thing good here. Our waitress was slow, and I know she didn't have any other tables because we were there pretty late and there were only a few other tables, with enough waiters to take care of them. Not only that but she clearly had no idea what the menu consisted of. If it was her first night, I can understand. But since her fuck ups were on one thing only (the Super family meal we ordered) it stands to reason that she just sucks at her job. First she messed up the amount of sides the meal comes with- which I had to point out, which was fine. She looked it over on the menu and corrected herself. Now, I say she looked at the menu because later when she was asked when the salad was suppose to come out, she countered with "Salad doesn't come with that." You just looked at it. Yes, it does. But really the question I should be asking, is who the hell in the kitchen forgot about it as well? Doesn't she put in the order and they make it? What the hell is wrong with these people?
4	Lucille's has the best ribs ever. I always order the Baby Back and a watermelon margarita. Yummy bbq chicken & catfish too. Every entree comes with two sides that are so tasty! If you like southern food, this is the place.
2	Its been 8 months since I've been to Lucille's and the great customer experience I experienced my first trip appear to be a thing of the past.I was expecting to wait 30 to 40 minutes so having to wait 55 minutes wasn't really an issue for me. However it did allow me to witness an employee picking cigarette butts out of an ashtray with his bare hands.I'm sure he washed hands when he went inside but he had to open the door with his bare hands and god knows what else he touched between the door and the faucet.Once we were finally seated our server disappeared for 15 minutes and I had to flag down someone different in order to place a drink order.When our server finally arrived we placed an order for an appetizer. It was delivered by a third person who threw the plate on our table and it slid across almost to the wall she announced fried green tomatoes and walked away.No Silverware, no napkins so I got up and hunted down our server asked for some to be brought over so we could eat our tomatoes.  Was told sorry we ran out. How does a properly managed restaurant run out of Silverware? (It doesn't) the Server sent someone over with some silverware but it was given to the booth behind us who didn't have any food on their table! So we have been there more than an hour an a half didn't have silverware and we didn't have drinks.Once our silverware arrived the tomatoes were a little bland but the sauce made up for the lack of flavor in them. When We finally got around to place an order I asked for an extra corn bread muffin and a side of Mac and Cheese these are both on the of side order menu and  should not have been too difficult but I had to ask twice for them to get delivered so I could eat them with my meal.The manager did come over and apologized for our experience and offered to take some of the items off our bill but when the bill arrived everything was still on it.I considered calling him over and pointing that out but figured it would be easier just to pay for everything and call it a night.It may just be another 8 months till I come back for that delicious Blacken Catfish but I will be back eventually once the memory of last night fades away.
2	The pork was dry to me but my husband loved it when i brought it home as a left over...
3	Back porch = yum, but hit and miss.
5	This place is killer. The food is always hot and tasty and the service is always good. I'm patiently waiting for the location inside of the red rock to open.
4	Happy Hour: 3-7pm, excluding holidays.Their HH is one of the best I've been to in the Valley with a menu that's extensive. Even if they're smaller portions than the regular plate, they've now become normal, human-sized portions -- enough for two people. Their food plates range from $2-8. Their drinks (cocktails and beer) range from $4-7. I had their gumbo, onion straws, fried pickles, rip tips, and Crocodile Cooler. The cocktail had five different kinds of rum in it and boy, does it ever. You don't taste the alcohol and it actually tastes very refreshing. I'd definitely recommend it for a good time. Their onion straws and fried pickles are typical fried fare. I can probably live off their gumbo and rip tips for the rest of my life. The gumbo came in a reasonable small bowl with a heaping of rice. The rip tips were enough for two people, about half a pound. I've come several times to their HH, left happy and satisfied each time. However, I just came on July 4th (craving me some BBQ) but they stated they didn't do HH on holidays, although the HH menus were out. I should have expected they may not do HH on major holidays but don't keep me in suspense, let me salivate, and try to order -- only to be told abruptly that you don't do HH on holidays. Take away the HH menus then! Overall, great space for HH, lots of seating (get there 3-5pm) and great service. (Most of the time)
5	Went here 4th of July and it was packed! But what could you expect right. I've been wanting to try this place for a while but we rarely get out this way as its all the way in Green Valley and we live in N. LV...I had high hopes after being disappointed with the so-so bbq places such as Memphis and Famous Daves...Ughhh! Once we got in, our order came up pretty fast and lemme tell ya, it was worth the wait. I had the pulled pork, greens and macaroni.....Delish!!! Hubby had bbq shrimp which he loved and the kids also enjoyed their ribs & chicken. I also had a peach margarita which is the best I've had since...well ever! nly thing I didnt care for were the biscuits they bring out before dinner. They had sugar on top of them I think. Had a really weird taste and was very crumbly. I should've just asked for cornbread I guess....Oh well. Given the fact that we only had about 5 min to eat becuase our 1 yr old decided he wanted to be back outside, it was definetly worth it. I will most definetly be making a trip back out her soon!
3	After seeing the yelp reviews I was expecting better BBQ. I did grow up in California...where Santa Maria style seasoning and tri-tip was perfected...so maybe I expected too much from Lucille's?It's got a blues meets barn flare. They have a happy hour from 3-7 during the week.I would recommend beer: Lucille's beer was surprisingly good! We (three of us) tried the amber, hef and one of the other Lucile's beers all very good. $4.5 for 22oz beer is pretty cheap.Food: the rolls and apple butter are by far the best thing on there!!! The spinach dip is good, not great; brisket sliders not so good; pickle spears ok; rib tips pretty good. Service was nice and helpful. Maybe a little over sat...but she did well.Probably wouldnt recommend this to any of my friends or family. Much better places out there.
5	Best ribs in town. The atmosphere was an experience worth taking friends, family or dates to. I'll will be back for sure again and again.
5	There is BBQ and there is BBQ at Lucille's.  They get it done right.  Beef Ribs are big and juicy.  St Louis Ribs flavor is spot on.  Brisket is killer.  Unsung hero is the hot link.  Take a bite then seconds later you get the heat.  I can go on about the sides but let's be honest folks...it's all about the Meat!!!
3	I was stuffed to the brim after our meal. Came for a friend's birthday and ordered the Brisket Salad and the 1/2 sampler appetizer. Food was decent. My salad had great garnishes but the brisket was too dry and stringy. My friend got the brisket plate and it was super tender and delicious so I guess they don't put as much care into the salads. Sampler appetizer was awesome though. Fried pickles, okra, sweet potato fries, BBQ pork. They also serve their own beer. Service was really good, but the pricing was a bit high and the food wasn't the greatest.
3	The pomegranite martini was my favorite part.  The beef ribs are amazing!  Not a fan of the beans and the macaroni and cheese is alright.  They do really good job with the meat...the sides are ok.  It confuses me that there are 2 entrances and the check in is in the middle of the resturant.  It gets really crowded in the middle of the resturant during peak times.
4	This is a excellent "first date spot" filled with great and affordable food and drinks.
5	Service was quick, workers were courteous, food was awesome... Loved the fried pickles...  We had the meal for 10 and it was a lot...  the mac and cheese was very creamy and tasty...
4	Went to Lucille's today to use our gift card from a prior mediocre experience.  Justin was our waiter, he was funny, fast, and friendly.  Probably the best service we've had at Lucille's.We each got a burger, I got the Lucille's cheeseburger and my wife got the mushroom burger.  Both were cooked as ordered and served hot.  The flavor was terrific, had a great smoked burger flavor that is lacking in quite a few burgers from even supposed "burger" places.  And they don't skimp on the toppings either - both burgers were nice and sloppy - just the way we like 'em!Justin kept our drinks stocked and was on top of everything - a great problem solver.Will definitely go back to Lucille's!
4	Beautiful, just beautiful.I had the Louisiana Pasta and wife had the steak and shrimp with potatoes and Mac n cheese, all was amazing!
4	I just ate here and Iam stuffed!My group order the following:Full order of BBQ Ribs pork Full order of BBQ ribs beefCorn chowder Tri tip salad Jambalaya
4	Fried chicken lunch special is the best deal @ 7.99. Very good white cream gravy. Just make sure to ask for extra.Their baby back ribs are the best ribs in the valley!Dinner is more pricey, but great food as well.One of my favorite places.
5	Mmmmm BBQ. And a banana strawberry shortcake to boot.
3	Ok I am not a barbecue expert at all. We went on a whim wanting to try something new. The outside is cute and very unique, like going down South. The inside Has a lot of different rooms you can be seated in. We had to wait about 15 minutes, but they had chairs to sit on so you can be more comfortable.  The lunch prices aren't too bad, the menu is limited though. The night prices looked high to me, but meat in general is more expensive so that is understandable ( Plus I am kinda cheap :) .... I don't drink but the bar area was full and the people looked happy and comfortable in there. Worth a shot if you are in the Green Valley Ranch area.
5	Had the pleasure of eating here one night during our vacation. Usually we tend to not eat out since we are visiting family. But we ate dinner here and they did a great job taking care of a party of 16 -- I mean really 16 people, that's a lot of us.I had the Mardi Gras Chicken and it was amazing. I had some of their speciality drinks and those were awesome too. Hopefully, we can go again for next year's trip.
5	Lucille's seems to get better and better each time I go.  To this point, I've tried almost all of the meats...pulled pork, chicken, pork ribs, beef ribs, and chicken wings.I would recommend the pork ribs over the beef.  The beef ribs are just massive and are a little tougher than the pork.The appetizers are also top notch...wings, pickles, shrimp are all terrific.  I can't say for certain if they are a new addition, but the biscuits were amazing last time.  I don't recall them being as good in the past.  I have a feeling they might have switched things up, but whatever the case, beware of filling up on the biscuits.If you aren't interested in having a quiet family experience I'd suggest sitting in the bar area.  About a half dozen TVs to catch whatever game is on and in some cases there will be live music.  Last visit there was a jam band of shorts but they were actually pretty good, really brought in that southern vibe.  I also believe that the happy hour drink and food specials are only good in the bar area, so all the more reason to sit there.
5	The tri tip sandwich is delicious. Sweet tea. Bread, honey butter. Wonderful experience.
1	I dont know what everyone is eating here that is so great?????? Another horrible meal here. Your tri tip is chewey an so thin it tastes like deli lunch meat. Total crap. Second try here. It was no good  the first time either.  Your meat quality is so poor  fatty chewey an tough. Your overpriced also. Memphis bbq blows you away for half the price you get the same amount of food an much better cuts of meat. Huge dissapointment. I can make better smoked bbq in my backyard. Never ever coming to your restaurant again.
4	We've been coming to Lucille's for years.  We've been so frequently that I realized I have never done a yelp review on the place.  I thought I had already.  So, since I went to the Red Rock location recently and didn't have a great experience, I think it's only fair to sing the praises of the location at the District.This is a large restaurant, and easily seats large groups.  When family comes into town, we usually have a meal at Lucille's. It's kid friendly as well, in both the menu as well as the restaurant set up.  So, no problems there.I usually get the sweet tea or strawberry lemonade.  Both are winners, and come in huge mason jars.  Even with a lot of ice (which is how I order my drinks) you get plenty of your beverage. To start, we typically get fried pickles, fried okra, or onion straws.  Okra is a dish that not a lot of places in Vegas offer.  I wish they offered it as a side and not just an appetizer.  The appetizers are a good value, as they are large enough to feed many (particularly the onion straws).To eat, I usually get some form of BBQ, or the mardi gras chicken.  This is probably my favorite dish at Lucille's, it's 2 large chicken breasts which have been breaded and fried.  It comes with garlic mashed potatoes, vegetables, and a great shrimp cream sauce with peppers.  I always have leftovers, and it reheats well.  This is a unique dish worth giving a shot.  I also get the fried chicken sandwich and usually take half of that home.This is a large menu, but they get it right.  We usually leave happy, and usually with leftovers.  Even though there may be a wait, the place is so large it's usually not that long.  If the weather permits (it's not over 100 degrees outside) I recommend the patio.
3	The ribs were overly sauced. And my beans were raw. Really was looking for a great BBQ place. Overall it's ok. Service is very slow.
4	The tri-tip never disappoints. The brisket was a little fatty. The biscuits seem to get smaller and smaller. Over all a solid experience and good food.
4	I'm a southerner who knows his Texas and Tennessee barbq, so let's admit it: I'm picky when I experience it outside of the south. While the quality of the meat and taste was not quite up to those standards, most Americans will find Lucille's meats to be above average to excellent. For me, I found the jambalaya more impressive. It is served in an heaping portion, and the spices were just right to make it a memorable meal. Avoid the Texas beef brisket, which was not juicy or tasty like Texas brisket should be. Fortunately or unfortunately, the food I liked best here was fried, and there was a lot of it. If that's what you're looking for, this is not a bad taste of the South.
1	I guess I just have bad luck with this place. First time I ordered was about 4 months ago (ordered to-go), I was told my food will be ready for pickup in 20 mins. I got there 30 minutes later, waited at the pickup window for 10 mins, just for them to say, Oh, sorry, it'll be another 10 mins. I finally walked out with my meal about 20 mins later. The food was ok, (I got the baby back ribs). I lived in the south so I know great barbecue when I taste it. It wasn't bad, but wasn't mindblowing. Fast forward to yesterday. I was craving ribs so I called to place an order for pick-up. I'm thinking there's no way they'll mess things up twice, and the food was decent enough to give it another try. I was told my food will be ready in 20 mins. This was during my lunch break so i had limited time. I drove over to pick it up 30 minutes later. Lo and behold, I was met with errs and uhhs, the genius that took my order didn't put it in. He said "well, I didn't putit in, I'll put it in right away..." I was so irate. I'm standing there starving with limited time for lunch. I asked how long it'll take, he said another 20 minutes. I just had to walk off. No point throwing a tantrum and wasting my energy. I figured I'd reserve my energy for this review. I highly doubt I'd be back.
4	Love the Big Easy BBQ shrimp here, I haven't had a bad meal yet - but the BBQ shrimp is my go-to favorite. I love their cheese grits!! We eat here a lot. Also...we always get their large banana pudding to go, the vanilla wafers are so mushy and yummy the next day.
5	I keep forgetting to review this place! It is a favorite of mine, as well as everyone else I know. The last time I was there, I had a fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious. My boyfriend got a bunch of meat (forgot what the name of the entree was), and he enjoyed it, I just wish I had two stomachs so I could have finished my meal! The service has always been top notch: welcoming, informative, and attentive. Never fails to disappoint me! The only reason I wouldn't recommend this place is if you're trying to count calories and lose weight. Everything is served in big portions, isn't the most healthy, and is DELICIOUS!
5	2 words come to mind every time I think about this place. Grilled Artichoke!Dear God, I never knew a vegetable could taste so good. This is not the steamed,flavorless, drenched in mayo, artichoke that your mother may or may not have tortured you with as a child, even if you thought you liked it at the time.. This is the king of all artichokes, Artichoke superhero. Saving the world one delightful leaf at a time ;)I live on the complete other side of the valley from this place and while theydo have some good barbecue, great tea, and awesome biscuits, somehow my wife and I find ourselves making the 45 minute drive (light traffic) to get a vegetable. As a meatatarian you can imagine my horror/chagrin/embarrassment at the situation.. somehow reminding myself that I am going to a barbecue joint doesnt ease the odd feeling.. I KNOW why I am going there and it ain't the ribs. (sorry Lucille) They do serve it with a dipping sauce but the buttery and smokey flavor really just set it off right .. I cant remember if I even eat the dipping sauce. I can just picture licking the smokey flavor off my fingers afterwards.. My wife absolutely WILL NOT share this appetizer with me and we have to each order our own. As a Chef I've tried many times to duplicate this recipe in my own kitchen and while I have come close, it's never quite the same.. So after many,many tries I've resigned myself to the fact that we will be forced to drive across town for the best damn Artichoke I've ever had.
5	This is a review of their catering - We chose Lucille's BBQ to cater a birthday event this year and they did an amazing job.  You can grab a catering menu at the restaurant or online and then call the catering number to order and schedule your delivery.  They have many different priced offerings from" pick up your food" to "fully staffed event serving services".  We chose the "bring the food and set up" option and it was perfect.  All the guests raved about the food and we had quite a bit left over.  I would highly recommend their catering department for personal parties, casual wedding or corporate events.
5	I absolutely love this place, and recommend it to everyone I know. I haven't had a meal I didn't love, from the tri tip to the St Louis ribs, hot links, BBQ shrimp... Goodness. Go get the two meat combo with any sides and be prepared to count the hours until you can go back. Also, don't miss the biscuits and apple butter.
4	Excellent beef ribs. I was surprised that they were so good. The boyfriend wanted to try them, but I doubted they would be good, so we only ordered 3. They were delicious. Also ordered brisket and it was also really good. The peanut slaw is the pretty good add well add the vegetables, corn and garlic mashed. Regular BBQ sauce is tangy with a little kick. The boyfriend liked the spicy BBQ sauce. A lot of choices on the gluten free menu. I'm glad to have another GF restaurant with so many options. We ordered the food to go, so I had a Bloody Mary while I waited. It was really good. The perfect drink for a  New Years Day hangover.
4	Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.The portions here are absolutely huge.  Appetizers can be large enough to accommodate a reasonable lunch portion, and salads can be large enough for two full portions.  Some choices are offered in half portions.  Fountain drinks arrive in a large mason jar.  At first, I wondered why the glass was so huge.  Then I realized it's a matter of convenience for the server so he/she won't have to run back & forth for constant refills. The bisuits are delicious with just a touch of sweetness to them.  The apple butter is technically not true apple butter, but it's delicious.  The food is delicious, and service is good.  Our server was quite friendly, and service was spot on.  The hot towel provided at the end of our meal was a particularly nice touch.  Give Lucille's a try--it's worth a reasonable wait time and you won't be disappointed!  It's good, but not exceptional.  In my opinion, I would consider giving a 5-star review if Lucille's reduced the sizes--and accordingly, the prices--of their fare.  Reasonable portions at reasonable prices would fit the Southern BBQ joint motif better.
2	we had lunch at Lucille's 1/3/2014. first of all our server was outstanding,but there was quite a wait for our main course to arrive which i don't think was the fault of our server. i ordered the shrimp Po'boy and my wife had the catfish Po'boy. and both sandwiches was far below our expectations. my shrimp was far overcooked with little or no flavor, plus there was more batter than shrimp (small). next trip we will stick with the bar-b-que. the smoky wings made up for the Po'boys.
4	Probably the best BBQ I have had in Vegas. Great service, clean and friendly. Their side items are YUM-O! You get large portions for anything you order and they have drink specials. Great place for casual dining or you can get fancy here. Definitely more upscale than other BBQ spots.
5	I have enjoyed the Las Vegas Lucille's many times.  Ribs, beans - don't get much better
4	First & foremost THE BUTTER!!!! Oh my! I could have really eaten it with a spoon & forget about the biscuit! There were 7 of us total which included 1 Vegan, we ordered 2 appetizers & the family meal to share & left with a ton of leftovers. Next time we may not do the appetizer platter which we only ordered the 1/2 plate cause by the time our meal came we were stuffed! Good food, loved the BBQ.However, (there's always a "however") the service :-( our server kept forgetting everything we asked for. Seriously we had to ask twice or ask a different server. I was tempted to go get the water, plates, etc myself! For sure the next time I go, I may ask to sit at the station of the best server. I never mind leaving exceptional tip 20% & above if the service is 2 thumbs up. Don't get me wrong, we still tipped this guy very well but it was just because we felt sorry for him & my kids are in the food service industry. But my kids know how to give sincere excellent customer experience. Should I rate a 3-4? Food was awesome, service eh!?
4	This is the perfect restaurant to keep in you're pocket when no one in your party is sure what they want or can agree where to go.If you like quality BBQ, this is an excellent choice. It has a down home country feel and a southern BBQ flavor. They start you right with sugar biscuits and apple butter. The southern sweet tea is served in huge mason jars. Plus there is a variety of sauces to choose from. The menu is extensive. Having been here many a time, I've tried everything including appetizers, salads, non-BBQ items, and specialty drinks. I've never been disappointed with taste. Portions a sizable for food as well. But as far as drinks; the cocktails tend to be small and weak so if you're in the mood for drinking, stick to what's on tap.
5	Talk about amazing BBQ! I am sad I waited this long to go to Lucille's. Great atmosphere, friendly/helpful staff, delicious BBQ, big portions, some of the greatest food I've eaten at any restaurant. I ate the beef ribs. They were perfectly smoked and prepared. I didn't need to add any BBQ sauce, but I did anyway. I tried the original BBQ sitting on the table and loved it. I had the Mac and cheese and BBQ beans as my sides.  The Mac and cheese was so creamy and stingy. The mix of spicy Nd sweet in the BBQ beans added a great flavor to the side. My boyfriend had the fried chicken which was perfectly breaded, well seasoned and the chicken was very juicy.  We are instant fans of Lucille's and are already plotting our next trip back.
1	The way the host and seating is done is a horrible system. They text you which allows u to leave the area. We saw one table empty for over 25 minutes, another for 10-15 and one for 5 minutes. We were 7th on the list to be seated but these tables were empty for so long. When we asked hostess about this she was nothing but rude.  Food is good but not sure I'll be back bc of the service. Very disappointed
4	A friend invited me over for dinner at this place with his family and friends.  I am glad I took his invitation.  The waiting and serving staff were excellent, they were very helpful.  I ordered a large bowl of jambalaya, it was mouth watering and delicious. Bread rolls were made fresh, peach tea is excellent.  Recommend this place to anyone.  I rate this place a four star because I didn't try there ribs.
5	I have loved Lucille's ever since it first arrived in Brea, California...was delighted to discover there is one located in the Las Vegas area and had a wonderful lunch with my friends on 2/4...service was great, food was awesome....I brought back some baby back ribs, greens and grits for my friend, a woman who REALLY knows her soul food, and she absolutely loved everything!  Hope to visit Vegas again soon and have another incredible dining experience at Lucile's...y'all ROCK!!! P.S. Please come to Phoenix!!! xoxo
4	Good food as always but tonight we had even better service tonight with Ashley,  we were seated in the bar. Ashley was super sweet, personable & the service time was fast. Ask for her when u go!
5	I love this place.Great food,great drinks,and great service!! The apple butter is unforgettable. They have live music on saturdays and great ambiance.
4	This is my FAVORITE BBQ place in Las Vegas. The meat is juicy and the flavors are great!
2	Lucille's cut their portions!! (See Photo Below!) It's been about 6 months since we last visited. This was by far the worst experience. My guess is that business has slowed so someone made the decision of cutting costs by cutting down on the portions. First off we were a party of three and they brought us only two biscuits. Could have been an honest mistake here but it didn't get any better when the food arrived. I ordered the two meat combo with tri tip and baby back ribs ($27.99). It comes with two side so I got the Mac n cheese and bake potato. When the food arrived I was shocked to see only 4 slices of tri tip and 5 baby back ribs! For $28 this is a pretty cabs deal! I usually get the two meat combo and i usually have leftovers to take home but not this time. I ended up eating the entire plate of food and was still hungry. Sadly this was the same experience the others in my party had. If you don't believe me, just look at the photos that people have posted 1-2years ago to today's photos. They even stop serving watermelon slices with their food. You have to order it as a side now! Anyways, a great BBQ place is now not so great. The food might still be good but it's no longer worth the value. $28 value to be exact.
4	I'm not a math major so if everything in this review doesn't add up to a 4 star my bad. Lucille's can be a 2 star on one day, a 5 star on another, a 4 star on another, and a 3 star another. Luckily I've never had a 1 star.The interior, exterior, and environment are very cool. There's an outdoor patio and a live band. There's a bar. It's located in the District and near the Green Valley Ranch Casino. They have a huge BBQ smoker right in the middle of the dining area which I thought was just for show until they started bring out a ton of meat and loaded it. They serve drinks in a mason jar. Their BBQ sauce is good and can be purchased. Their accommodating for large groups. All very cool things.Their food for most parts was alright, sometimes inconsistent. I've been here a few times and had decent BBQ ribs for a chain restaurant but satisfying. I've had ribs where the meat just pulled off the bone. Most recently it was pretty overcooked and barely had any meat on it. What little meat it had tasted good for something tough chewy but everything else was good. Sometimes the portions are huge and sometimes they aren't, you leave hungry.It's a good place to chill and hangout, watch a game, have a few drinks, and eat some BBQ. If it was around the corner I'd be here almost everyday but not always to eat. I'd probably be back if out of town visitors or others wanted to go or if I was in the area. There's another Lucille's closer to me now though.
1	I have loved this place for years, but my last two visits have been terrible. On my first visit my wife and I were enjoying lunch when I spotted a cockroach walking across my table.  I didn't make a big deal out of it I merely put in a napkin and handed it to the waitress.  She was very nice and got her manager.  I didn't expect anything as I know this was not intentional, but we did lose our appetite.  The manager apologized and ordered us a round of beers which we didn't want and didn't drink as we were there for lunch and didn't intend on drinking to much.  The manager then apologized for sending us an additional round and comped our first round.  We didn't go for a few months.  I recently returned on Sunday and had some of the worst service I have ever had.  I was there for lunch again, and the bar area was pretty slow.  Our waitress came by in about five minutes time which was not a big deal.  We ordered waters and a ginger ale which they were out of.  When the waitress returned with our water she took our order a burger, a BBQ salad, biscuits and fried pickles as an appetizer. We received our pickles pretty quickly but no utensils no extra plates and no biscuits.  We then waited a total of 30 minutes with no contact with our waitress.  This was the first time I have ever walked out of a place.  I didn't want to deal with the waitress so I just went to the front to pay for our pickles.  The cashier was confused as to why we're leaving, so she called her manager.  Her manager said oh it looks like you ordered some food it is almost ready would you like us to box it up. I said no thank you I would just like to pay for what we ate and leave and explained to her how long we had been there and how poor the service was.  She apologized and said that the pickles  would be taken care of.  To be honest I used to love this place and would go often for dinner and drinks with friends, but after these two visits I will never return.
5	Very good customer service the food was great way better than the one at Red Rock!!!!  Would come back!!
3	I don't like to give "meh" reviews, but here goes...the food is great.  Biscuits and sweet butter are to die for, ribs are yummy, LOVE the cornbread.  BUT, you can very much tell that the servers/bussers are trained to get you OUT of there.  I was having a nice dinner with my friend, and they cleared plates out of nowhere...so there went our cole slaw, baked beans, corn bread, and biscuits that we were still eating.  Annoying!  As a foodie, though, I would still go back (I'd rather have great food and poor service than vice versa) and just make sure I'm paying attention to what the servers are doing.  They wanted us out ASAP!
4	I seriously thought this was going to be the best barbecue in the whole wide world, the way people used to talk about this place. Do I like it? Yes.  Do I love it? Not in love.The food was good. The service was even better. Our server was the best! She explained the menu, came by with refills often, and got our food out in a reasonable time. The environment was nice as well. They took reservations and were very professional. The bathrooms were also very clean, which is a plus!The ribs were the best thing on the menu. The half chicken was also very good. It was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. The brisket and the pulled pork were just very plain to me. I've had it waaaaaay better at other barbecue restaurants around town. The greens were really good. The mac & cheese was just okay. The strawberry lemonade won't let you down.I would recommend this place if you're craving some barbecue and are in the area. I don't know how much better it is than Famous Dave's. They each have their own positives and negatives, but I don't think Famous Dave's has greens as a side. Plus, the location is prime since it is in The District. You can go shopping at Charming Charlie afterwards!
5	Nothing not to love about this place!  Great service, atmosphere, and smell haha.The food was good and you can get anything you can think of when you think classic BBQ.  Be prepared to be intoxicated by the delicious smokey smell as soon as you walk in!
5	One of my favorite places in Henderson! There isn't anything I don't like about the restaurant. I've eaten there a few times and my favorite meal is country fried chicken with veggies and mashed potatoes. I think side dishes at steak houses are usually bland, but even the vegetables here were perfection. The rolls with the Apple butter are to die for! I also like that there is an option to eat outside and in the winter evenings they have heaters on so it's still comfortable. I take all my friends and family to when they come to visit!
3	My review would be 2.5 but that seems unfair since my side of greens  was good.  That's where it ends for "good".  Baby back ribs were tough and didn't fall off the  bone.  Rather boring actually.  Fancy smoker does not equal the love that is needed to make good BBQ.  Rolls,- ok,  fried tomatoes - ok, fried pickles - ok, everything needed sauce for flavor.  Waitress was good but the food took forever to arrive and wasn't hot, barely warm upon arrival.  It's a chain restaurant....
5	Very good!!!  And good bands on Friday & Satutday!!!   Only thing too much mayonnaise on cole slaw!!!
2	Its been an hour since we ordered our food... I came here at 6:45 and its 7:48pm... definently will not be coming back.
5	Awesome food! I can't get enough of this place. Amazing food and amazing service. Highly recommend trying there baby back ribs. They just melt in your mouth. The patio is heated too so on a cold night it's nice to sit back and relax while watching people play around in the district. I also love the renovations!
3	Good food but over priced. And the service wasn't the best. It was actually rather horrible.
5	My family and I loved this place. The BBQ Sandwich was phenomenal, along with the cornbread and mac and cheese. My wife and son were excited to get some good sweet tea for the first time in a while. We sat out on the front "porch" and it was a beautiful night. The food was amazing and decently priced. We really enjoyed our experience and will be back very soon!!
5	This food is amazing, I had given up on bbq food until I came here WOW. Art was our server and he was astounding with friendly and efficient service. Proportions: HUGE, YOU WILL HAVE LEFT OVERSprice: I got a two meat combo for 28 dollars but it came with HUGE beef ribs (three bones) and five pieces of tri tip, along with two sides. Also got an additional cup of clam chowder for 2.50 but that was also amazing.Service: had Art who was just amazing in every way. He will get you anything you want or need.Waiting time: took a long time although we came it at 630 pm on a Friday night so that was probably why it took like 35-40 minutes but IT'S WORTH IT.atmosphere: really loud because of the live jazz music so hard to chat with everyone at the table but it was fun music and even was greatly set up so it didn't feel crowded or anything. QUALITY: this food is amazing especially the beef ribs, they are huge and tender and delicious and you get their homemade bbq sauce selection and the best one was the smokey sauce. Overall I will not only be coming back ALOT but this has become at least my second favorite restaurant and will be bringing everyone I know and recommending it to any tourist who asks. YOU NEED TO EAT HERE
1	It didn't even receive a 1 star but it's a required field!!  We came here to celebrate our Easter Sunday with the family.  We had 3 adults and 2 kids.  Being that it was Easter Sunday, we knew that it was probably going to be busy and just as expected we waited for 25 minutes to be seated.  After we were seated, the lady who sat us had a bad attitude.  Being that we just got out of church, we let it go.  We ordered and I was looking forward to tri-tip BBQ with cheesy grits and braised greens.  After about 30 minutes, we noticed that the larger party who were seated much later than us, were getting their orders.  So we asked our server about our food and he told us it was because the kiddie burger was ordered well done and so it takes a little longer.  After another 30 minutes, we asked again and this time we were told it's because they are short handed.  Our food started coming one by one and each plate were cold.  My aunts fried catfish was cold and fries were cold and stale.  My tri-tip BBQ platter was cold, the cheesy grits was cold and so was the braised greens.  In fact, the braised greens was so cold that butter was clumping.  The well done kiddie burger was cold with stale fries.  We couldn't believe they even served it!!  We talked to the manager and she was going to fix it.  We waited for another 45 minutes and still no food.  We were so hungry that we just walked out.  This ruined our Sunday afternoon!  Shame on you Lucille's BBQ!!  Terrible customer service!!!
5	My new favorite place. Everything is delicious. Do yourself a favor and eat here ASAP. Had the BBQ  tri tip and it was one of the best thing I ever had. Also the service is amazing, Justin was a great waiter. If I was a inmate on death row ,this would be my last meal for sure.
4	I go to Lucille's pretty often and it usually doesn't disappoint. They have the best fried pickles!!! ( if your into that sorta thing) They have great salads and burgers, and of course the bbq aint bad either. I tried the shrimp po' boy sandwich and I was not impressed, its way too much bread and breading on the shrimp.
4	Only gave 4 stars because of the wait, but it was the dinner rush so I understand.  Ordered the fried okra and was happy. They were crispy and not soggy at all! Had the portobello beef brisket sandwich. It was great, but a little too much bread so finished it without the bread.  Let's be honest I'm not picking if that's my only complaint. Mom and daughter shared a half slab of baby backs and they were licking their chops! Wife had brisket sandwich and she was licking the plate!  Bottom line there was a whole lot of finger licking and a whole little chit chat!  This was my second visit and I love it just a as much as the first time!!
5	I could eat Lucille's every day, every night and every hour of the year. I would be 200+ pounds, but I would be happy.Lucille's recently released their new menu which denotes gluten free items. If you're worried about not having a bunch of choices to eat here, have no fear. You will have plenty of options here if you have a gluten allergy, and all of the staff seems very knowledgeable about the allergy which makes me feel very comfortable eating here.I love the feel of this restaurant and the layout. You can either eat outside, inside in the enclosed porch, in the main dining room or in the bar. My husband and I like to go to their late night happy hour in the bar because the music is great (we love the blues), and the drink and food prices are very reasonable for the quality of food and booze we consume.It is easy to share a plate at Lucille's, especially at dinner time. We normally split an entree and get a half appetizer and/or salad which is plenty of food for us. We have yet to eat anything at Lucille's that isn't delicious. The brisket can sometimes be a little dry, but most of the time it is juicy with just enough of the fat and barbecue bark on the outside to make my tummy sing. I am a huge fan of their smoked chicken, whether it is the breast of dark quarter, I could eat it all. The trip tip is always perfectly cooked, and my husband and I can happily eat our way through a plate of rib tips in under five minutes. The hot link is great, and if you want to go bananas, try the beef rib. The rib is a meal itself with a decent amount of fat, but it reminds me of the ribs I ate in SC which were always delicious. Their smoked brisket salad is exactly what I wanted it to be. Smokey, sweet, savory and delicious. We've had most of their sides, and my favorite are their sweet potato mashed potatoes, creamy coleslaw and potato salad. Beware: If you get the baked potato, know that it is massive enough to share between two to three people! And their stuffed baked potatoes are nothing short of carbohydrate goodness. Sometimes stuffed potatoes end up being all potato by the end, but they really stuff the potatoes here at Lucille's, and they are great!All in all, I highly doubt you'll be disappointed if you eat at Lucille's and love barbecue. Regardless of the type of barbecue you like, you'll be satisfied eating at this restaurant.P.S. Their drinks are crazy good. I like their Skinny Drinks, especially the one made with gin and basil. Not too strong or sweet, but it packs a punch! My husband is a fan of the Crocodile Cooler which, even though it is all alcohol, masks its strength with the right combination of juices. Just know that after one, you better eat some food to help sober you up!
5	Love this place! I came here for my birthday dinner last Sunday, which happened to be Easter Sunday. Our party consisted of 12 adults and 2 kids, and our waitress was beyond awesome for making sure everybody was okay throughout the evening. We ordered the Super Feast, which feeds 10+ individuals. The food was AMAZING. the various meats we ordered (i would name them all but we ordered so much that I can't remember them!) were really really great, very tender and succulent. The various sides we ordered (mac and cheese, corn, garlic mashed potatoes, and shoestring fries) were delicious. Of course the apple butter, which was served prior to our meal with biscuits, was tasty as always. They changed their biscuits since the last time I was here, not too crazy about the new ones. Our drinks, which were served in mason jars, were never empty, and we even got to take them to go (in a plastic cup, we of course couldn't take the mason jars home). Overall experience was GREAT! If I could give 10/5 stars I would.
5	Me and my family eat out frequently and most times leave disappointed.... This place really surprised me and you definitely get what you pay for and more! My husband had the ribs and OMG they were perfect! I had a jambalaya pasta dish that was a little spicy how I like it and it was to die for!!! You must eat here not to mention the host are great and very attentive!
1	Wow won't take reservations for a party of 8 or more. After being on hold then transferred twice and then being told just to call 20 minutes before arriving to be put on a wait list. I'm not impressed with their customer service. Hey if u don't need my business I will go somewhere else.
4	Returned here for dinner since my hotel was nearby during the week. I was seated asap and my waiter took my drink order.I went with the 10 oz tri tip, mac & cheese and sweet mash. The tri tip was amazing-super tender and the light BBQ sauce was heavenly tasting. As before, the mac & cheese was average but the sweet mash was definitely a hit.BTW the red beans and rice dinner was discontinued but they still offer other southern Cajun entrees.
5	I took my friend to dinner here last night.  I had a brisket and portobello mushroom sandwich with sweet potato fries.  My friend had the brisket salad.  We arrived approximately 10 PM so the place wasn't too busy for a Saturday night. So the service was great.  The food was fabulous! The portions are humongous! I could only eat half my sandwich.  The place is still loud but I think if you can get past the loud music/people you will enjoy the food for sure!
5	This was our first visit to Lucille's in green valley and it was definitely worth it. Lu was our server and he was awesome! He walked us through the menu and explained how they slow smoke their meats. His menu knowledge was excellent and he made sure we didn't over order. We will definitely be asking for him next visit! The food was amazing as well. Biscuits and apple butter were out of this world! And the tri-tip.... You could cut it with a fork. Everything we ordered from fried okra to cheesy grits and sweet peach tea was delicious. Would highly recommend this place! And ask for Lu! You won't be disappointed!
3	I went with a group of people at 7:30 on a Saturday night. It was packed. We ended up sitting in the enclosed wrap-around porch. What was a little odd was that they had live LOUD music blaring, and a lot of families with little kids. You couldn't have a conversation without yelling at somebody. We didn't have kids, but I would have walked out if I did. Anyway, I ordered brisket -- which I think is the litmus test of any decent BBQ joint. It didn't pass. The brisket was dry and hard. I even picked it up to see how easily it would come apart. It didn't. The gang had chicken and ribs, and they were happy. Maybe I should give up on brisket. I've been to this place for lunch a couple of times and the barbecue is decent.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! The food is tasty, the atmosphere is fun and most importantly, the price is reasonable. I've sampled the roasted artichoke, BBQ sauteed shrimp, burned ends, rib tips and pulled pork sandwich and everything has been tasty! The complimentary biscuits with the honey butter are a nice way to start the meal. My tip is to go on a weeknight between 5-7pm to enjoy the happy hour drinks and appetizers.
5	This place has the closest food to being down south that I've ever had in Vegas. The BBQ is amazing. I have tried every side dish too, and they're all yummy! The flying pig in the bar is adorable!
3	In a nutshell, not as good as Famous Dave's but better than Memphis Bbq (I'm only talking about BBQ chains). I had a gift card so we came here for lunch on saturday. Very crowded. We were seated in the back near a large party celebrating a graduation. And shortly after we were seated, another party sat down; one of the ladies was super loud (it never fails, we always end up next to a loudmouth who announces her business or who sounds like she's with someone who is hard of hearing. I had to tune her out towards the end). Service was very good. It's like we had an army of servers. Our main one was sweating, he was busy.The sugar topped biscuits and apple butter was my favorite menu item. Deliciousness. Almost like a crisp firm outside and inside it was soft but not doughy. Finished off with apple butter, which melted, mmm. Big Menu. From the lunch menu, we each had an individual platter, 3 meats, ribs, brisket & chicken, with 1 side item. Hubby chose the garlic mashed while I opted for the potato salad. The meat portions were quite small, the sides more generous. The salad was good, but there was something missing. Maybe it was a bit mild. The bbq flavoring was good (but Famous Dave's is better). The brisket was lean, the chicken was better if you got the breast (hubby did, but he offered the rest of his breast to me, aww). On the ribs, I kept getting some tiny bones (I wasn't eating the bones, I was getting grossed out, sorry, had to use a napkin to discreetly dispose of it). The sauces on the table, only 3- a sweet one, a spicy one, & I forget the last one (FD's has a lot more). I liked the spicy one. Oh, and the peach tea was refreshing. Drinks are in mason jars (like memphis).Large place, smoker is in the middle of the main dining area, & there is seating outside in the front. Clean restaurant. Nice ambiance compared to the other bbq chains that I mentioned. Cloth napkins. Warm damp washcloths are given after your meal is done. Nice. Servers wear an all-black uniform. Staff is very nice; greetings on the way out.We did bring a to-go box for the little one. Also had a remaining balance on the gift card (so we are coming back, but ordering other things). And since I signed up for the e-club (ahead of time), I got a $5 off coupon which we used too.
5	This place is amazing. The best BBQ in town. The Baby Back Ribs are perfect! Also try the pulled pork sandwich! You can't go wrong here. What a great lunch.
5	Currently guzzling Perrier. Ate too much because god damn it was great. Ribs were my favorite. Now fat is bulging out of my own ribs. Going to roll to bed now.
5	Delicious.... just delicious. I recommend parking very close to the restaurant because you will have a difficult time walking after that mac & cheese.
4	Not quite my taste for Texas Brisket considering I'm fromTexas. But great Memphis pulled pork. Sauce is bomb diggity no doubt. Love the location too in green Valley. Definitely a nice spot to get your fat on. Awesome place.
5	We have been to Lucille's before and this one is just as good as the others. Our waiter was awesome, we received refills fast and never felt ignored. I was starving so we started with some onion straws(half order - that looked like a full order). The biscuits were a great start. The wife had the pulled pork and garlic mashed potatoes, she was happy with her choice. I had the Mardi Gras Chicken, I loved it!!! The kids tried the ribs and chicken, they left full and happy too. Always a good place to eat for families.
5	Amazing! Good quick service. Our waitress  Amanda was especially helpful. Thank you Kings Fish House for pissing us off and making us come here.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas!  Great staff and greater food.
2	There is nothing worse or pisses me off more than not getting  your correct food ordet from online or drive up window. It is so aggravating when you get your food to your final destination you discover you have something in  your bag of goodies that you either did not order or they gave you the wrong food but in Lucialls case i did not get what i checked in the online menu options. How difficult is it to read the exact same menu and get the customer the item they selected on a menu they provided for you online. I should have suspected things would get screwed up when I first made a phone call to find out if they had any dinner specials. A girl answered in a Valley Girl., Kardashians stupid ass voice and said "uh dinner yes we are open for dinner". No I said do you have any rib dinner specials.  Again same voice like she just walked into the world of humans" Uh yes we have ribs"  I was so frustrated at that point I just hung up and decide on the online option. Lucalls offers a great online experience. It is the rest of their process that needs improvement. . So with apprehension I ventured out for the first time with the online process. It was very intuitive and easy to complete the order. I received a confirmation email and a time that my order woud be ready. So far everything is perfect and exactly what you would expect from an online ordering process. Assuming  everything i ordered is in the bag and casualy looking into the bag ,  I can see everything looks fine all food present and and accounted for. U get home and the nightmare begins when I take the food out of the bag. 1) They gave me the wrong salad. I ordered the Wedge and received a token house salad, I requested Blue Cheese and received Ranch. 2) I requested Green Beans with the St Louis rib dinner and received Collard Greens and Baby Back ribs. 3) The 3 miniture Shrimp and 1 shred filet piece of  Catfish dinner should be classified as an appetizer not as a dinner.4) The Cajon  Pasta dinner was the only good item that I ordered. IT WAS VERY GOOD AND THE SAUCE WAS EXCELLENT WITH THE LINGUINE. 5) The ribs were Ok , nothing very special. If they would have given me the correct St Louis ribs I don't think it would have been any better. 6) Customer Service When I had dinner there a few months ago at the bar, the bartender was excellent service was excellent very friendly. I would go back and eat at the bar. Not sure if I ever want to talk to the people they allow to answer the phone.ALL THAT FOR $74.00 and no customer service other than someone did not read my selections from the online menu or check for accurancy. . I would probably go back for the pasta dish it was exceptionally good.
3	We were a party of 15, large, but not extreme.  It took at least 15 minutes from the time our drink order was taken until we received our drinks.  Our food came out very slowly, one or two orders at a time.  So slowly in fact that the first person served was over half done with his dinner before the last two were served.  We had to ask twice for silverware for someone that was served early.  The brisket was great, the tri tip was alright.  The grits were good but could have used more salt.  The waitress was friendly, just slower than should have been.
5	This place is always so good. We shared a plate and it was more than enough food. The portions are generous. Our waitress, Kristina was excellent. She was very attentive, up sold without being pushy and anticipated our needs. The next time we come we will be sharing a plate and ask to sit in Kristine's section.
3	Me being the BBQ snob I am I had my doubts about this place. Well it didn't turn out half bad. I was a little surprised I liked this place but the BBQ was good, not great but good. As well it was a little different style than I prefer but will not hold that against it. I will say one of the big things I will hold against the place is the ridiculous prices. Two meat plates here are 25 bucks. The day before I had all you can eat at a better place for 27 and that included dessert. Okay now lets get down to the meat of the subject. Pork ribs - Underdone, didn't pull from the bone. With a sweet sauce coating them. I think ribs are about the easiest thing to get right. Well they didn't Burnt ends - Once again not even close to burnt ends that I have had. They were okay but not great. Brisket - Nope still not what I was hoping for but not bad. It was good brisket but that is about it. The 1st plate brought out was lean brisket and it was overdone and dry. The second make up batch was from the decale and more like I would want. Either way it wasn't great it was just good. It did have a smoke ring and a slightly smokey taste. When it come to brisket you could do much worse. Of course you could also do a lot better if you want to go to Austin TX. Beef ribs - Last but not least the beef ribs. These are the full size beef ribs but seem to be lacking some meat. I enjoyed these most out of the whole meal. I will say i don't think a sweet sauce should ever touch beef. It should be salt and pepper only. But this was actually pretty good. I would recomend these but don't expect it to have as much meat as you would get in TX. They are also not charging 26 bucks a lbs here either,  from what I can tell. I will say when it came to sides I really liked the mac and cheese and the bbq beans. These were really good sides to order. As well the bread and butter than came out premeal was delightful. This place earns the 3rd star for the service and the somewhat helpfulness of the wait staff. The bbq is good but not great. You can do better at maybe one other place in vegas that I have had so far, and you definately could do a lot worse at a few other places. I would come back if someone else was paying.
5	My favorite place to go for bbq! But you have to come during lunch special hours!:-) their bbq is amazing, they have the best sweet rolls with Apple butter and great sweet tea. If I could, I'd eat here every day!
4	Very very good bbq here! Love the bbq half chicken; was very moist and had a great flavor. The lucille's chicken salad is also really good. For sides, the corn succotash is just ok, but the mashed sweet potatoes are quite tasty.Nice southern feel to the restaurant and the mason jars that all the drinks come in are a really great idea.Service is pretty good. A few times we've had some waiters who seem very new and don't check in very often.Overall, a really nice little bbq joint.
4	This place is really good. The biscuits and apple butter... yummy!  Be careful because you might accidentally fill up on that. I had the brisket, baby back, and hotlink lunch combo. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because the beef was a little dry but STILL very delicious.  The Original Sauce is my favorite of the three that they offer and the peach lemonade is huge and refreshing.  The staff is very friendly!!! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be sure to stop for some good food.
4	The best thing on menu is what everyone talks about at this place the Tri-tip. Had rack of ribs and they we ok, not great, but good. It was Father's Day when I had them so I cut them some slack they were probably overloaded that day. Nice touch though they gave all Fathers a $10 gift card for coming in. The Strawberry Lemonade is awesome. Loved the macaroni and cheese side. Most restaurants do it poorly this was real mac and cheese.
3	I have eaten at this restaurant three times now and believe I can now post a review: This is a pretty good place for barbecue. Pretty good.So if you are in the mood for a pretty good meal AND you like barbecue in general AND you don't mind eating in a restaurant that is excessively permeated with wood smoke AND you don't mind paying prices that are more suitable for really good barbecue, then Lucille's will  suit. As I said, the barbecue is pretty darn good. The side dishes are mixed. The baked potato, which I have had three times has always been room temperature--which in summer is cooler than outdoor temperature.The staff is pretty good as well. Somewhat attentive, almost giving off a sense that they care about the fact that I have chosen to bring my family to dine. But not quite. The Prices are high for both the quantity and quality of the meal. Not outrageous, but higher than I would expect .In summary, the meat dishes are good, the sides are marginal to lame and the wait staff often seems to be 'calling it in'. Not my favorite, but not the worst either. It will work in a pinch.
2	Bad food. Cole slaw and veggies didn't show up until I asked. Unseasoned catfish fingers and shrimp.  Tips of the rib tips were thinner than a green bean. Oh well, I have a $100 gift card. Guess I will have to buy a box of BBQ sauce. Well the manager Chrissa came by and was so delighted to hear their shortcomings that she comp'd the meal!
5	Love this place but don't go here with a small appetite.  And be sure to make a reservation if you try to go on a weekend.  I usually get the half chicken, two meat combo which give me plenty of left overs for the next couple days. Their tri tip cannot be beat and I love their sweet potato fries.  I've also had the baby back ribs which are also amazing
3	I'm was very upset with my waitress!!! She got the wrong order. I ask her for St Louis Ribs for $17.99. Instead she brought me brisket's. I ask for a manager a lady came by and saying sorry for the wrong order. She also said she won't charge me for the ribs I said that's not right. I told her I will pay the rest of my order and don't worry bringing me the ribs. I was already claiming down, until the waitress waited for the manager to leave and approach me and my family, she told me I did order the Brisket and my wife said it too. Not true at all plus my wife never said a thing. That fired me up and I was very upset with the waitress. I felt this waitress thinks I'm cheap and a lair. Screw you lady!!! I'm sorry you ruin my family dinner and I put in my profession 12 to 15 hours a day!!! Thanks a lot!!! The only thing clam me down is the lady manager. I will close on this, I did pay my drinks and also donated $10.00 plus the bill at $7.58 equal $17.58. I'm not cheap and I do tip good to people that care for customer service!!! I treat my customer with respect and truthful. I will not mention the lady's name, she knows. The positive thing is the band was playing there is awesome!!! Listen the food is good there and I will continue my business with the restaurant but somewhere else. Sorry but I don't like being treated like a lair plus cheap!!! Have a nice night. The lady manager was trying her best to make happy. Thank you for that, but I told you, I don't like be treated like crap. Sorry for this review but it needs to be said. Thank you Jayson Wells
2	I've been to Lucille's about a half dozen times now.  I will never go back.  The ribs were dry, tough and barely edible.  The brisket dry and tough.  It was like the food had been under a warming lamp for hours.  The service was mediocre at best.  When we complained to the manager, she couldn't have cared less.  On the positive side, the beer was cold, at least.
5	Excellent food.... But also excellent service.... Be sure to ask for Tanner's section because he delivers...great customer service......I will be back....for sure....
3	I'm a person who is about taste and value.  Everything about this Bbq restaurant was great except for the portion to cost ratio. I paid 16.99 for 1 beef rib (beef ribs are usually really big but hardly any meat!) Maybe 9 cube peices of "burnt ends" and one hot link and a side of mac and cheese.  That was not worth the price. Sure their food is pretty good but they are really stingy.  Look don't get me wrong... im really not a cheap a## but when I spend money on something I expect my moneys worth.  Other than that exceptional service,  clean, and food was tasty.
2	I have yet to find a decent BBQ place here in Las Vegas, at least none that even represent what I used to get in Texas.  I love the ambiance and decor of this place.  I thought I was in for a real treat.  Being from Texas, I judge my BBQ on the brisket.  First, it must not have sauce on it.  Sauce should be served on the side.  The brisket came out and it was drenched in sauce.  And I like my BBQ sauce on the sweet side, with a slight kick/slightly spicy.  The sauce that was on it was HOT!  And my mouth was on fire.  I had a miserable case of heartburn the rest of the day.  I couldn't tell how good or how bad the brisket was because of it.   It seemed to be tender.  I had the sweet potato mash with it, and it was ok, nothing special.  The worst part of it was that I had the brisket (which there wasn't very much of it), the sweet potato mash, and a beer and it was $23.  I could have had this same lunch in Central Texas and it would have been about $15 at the most and would have been much better.  The service isn't great either and the servers aren't overly friendly.  Needless to say, I haven't been back to Lucille's, nor do I have any plans to do so.
3	If you want the quick review it is this Good but Overpriced. Okay on an update of this review. I have no been there twice. The second time by invite of management, as I was sent a gift card and asked to review again. I love this type of proactive response to review. Unfortunately they fell a little short when sending the gift card out. They send $25.00 gift card. Anyone who has been here can tell you most meals, plus drink and dessert will run you at the minimum of 40 bucks. The 1st time I went my meal and add ons neared 50 and this time when all was said and done I had spent close to 40. So sending a 25 gift card out is almost comical. Since I am going to have to spend more of my own money to try the place again. I give it and A for effort and a C for execution. Now on the the food. This time I had the two meat plate. Tri-tip and beef ribs. 28.99. My biggest complaint with this place is that is it OVERPRICED. There is another place that I can get all you can eat BBQ in town for 27 bucks after tax, and it is better than this place. But back to the review of the food. The tri-tip was the best I have ever had. It is also the only I have ever had. I look forward to trying more tri-tip in the future. This was some good meat though. The beef ribs they were good. I have had much better else where but they were good. I still really liked the mac and cheese. This time I also tried the banana pudding. I liked it. It was the style I like. Loved the presentation in a mason jar. I will say the over mix was a little off. If it is the mix I am thinking of it had to much of a sour cream taste to it. So I feel the ratio was a bit off of sour cream to cool whip. Overall this place goes in the good but OVERPRICED category. I would go back but only on someone else's dime.
4	This was some excellent food.  We were a large group (14) without reservations and hitting it right at 6pm on a Thursday.  We were seated after maybe a ten minute wait.They had a good beer selection of some local brews as well as some of my favorites (Abita for example). And the beers are BIG!I thought the food was delicious.  I had the fried chicken sandwich (add avocado) and mashed potatoes.  The chicken was buttermilk fried chicken and the mashed potatoes were garlicky and tasty.  My husband had the short ribs and they were  melt in your mouth fall off the bone fantastic.  He had the peanut slaw and vegetable medley for sides and both were also very good.The prices were more than I would normally pay for BBQ but I chalk that up to it being Vegas.  Everything in Vegas is a gamble.  One place is cheap and delish, the next is expensive and meh, but this one was darn good.Our server was attentive and quick without being pushy.  The faux Texan accent he affected was unnecessary as we weren't looking for "authentic" in Vegas.  I mean, nothing about that city is authentic.
1	Service was great. Atmosphere awesome food comes with hair. Ordered a po boy, thought it came without hair but unfortunatly it didn't. Smoke house burger bun is soggy and so is the fries. JC WTF!  I'd rather grill at home. So sorry to give a sucky review. I was looking forward to giving a 5 star. Food is over priced and NOT WORTH IT UNLESS U WANNA LEAVE HUNGRY! I feel sorry for the severs.
3	I give this place 3 stars ONLY because the food is GREAT! The service is less than par, have had better at McDonalds. There always seems to be chaos, even on a slow day during a slow time. The service is always slow, even when ordering only water. It takes 5 people to clear one table and even then takes them 20 minutes. Have made reservations in the past and they don't do any good. Still waited over an hour to be seated. We come back simply for the food. The Red Rock location is WAY BETTER.
4	It's a Lucille's and that can't go wrong in my book. Sometimes their food is too salty but most of the time the food is spot on.
3	Lucille's is pretty good, although I'm a BBQ fan and would say that I've had much better.  This said, we really enjoyed our meal and if you are in the area, you should check it out.  I took the Sirloin Tips, which were delicious, and my sister in law went with the BBQ ribs -- she loved those.  My wife took the pulled pork, and that was probably their least successful dish (too dry and underflavored).  Many choices of side dishes and I really liked the peanut slaw and the corn on the cob.  Surprisingly strong wine list, although we ordered beer out of tradition...Food came fast, huge servings, and we enjoyed sitting outside -- they use water spray to cool the terrace, so even in 100 degree heat it was very comfortable.
4	Firstly, I will say I am not a BBQ fan so this review is more for those of you who, like me, are going because those in your company want to go. Biscuits: nothing special. Very dry; wouldn't have been edible for me without the butter. Entree: I had the chicken sandwich. Good, but nothing spectacular. The sides were much better ( I ordered the Mac and cheese and sampled the cheese grits and potatoes from other people).Service was okay, two people checked in on us but we still somehow sat around and waited for a bill and change.Overall, not a good, but not a bad experience. I wouldn't recommend it based on my experience, but I didn't eat what they are famous for either.EDIT: I was contacted by the business owner here on Yelp and he was apologetic about my experience and genuinely seemed to care about what I had to say. For this, I will give four stars because he could have just as easily ignored it.
3	A little pricey for my taste. Food is good. Nothing really stands out tho, besides their BBQ sauce. Great environment. Wouldn't recommend going during peak business hours because the place gets packed. Long wait times and poor service.
5	AMAZING... From beginning to end everything was perfect. Silly me..i was walking up the stairs into the restaurant and i trip and fell and the staff came Immediately to help me and ask if i was ok. Once we were in the host and waitress were duper friendly and service was great. It wasn't a extremely busy night so our food came fast!! The food is amazing and biscuits mmmmm  the best of the best!!!
5	Love this place! Everything is so flavorful!The biscuits are all sugary and fluffy, never burnt. The drinks are HUGE and my favorite is the icedtea/lemonade, its so sweet! My favorite lunch is the chicken & tri tip, and I was so happy when they started putting the mop sauce on the side, then I could dip my fries into it. And they give you warm towels afterwards so your hands aren't all sticky. The servers are really kind and friendly and usually quick to fix an order if there's a mistake.Best place for barbecue, hands down.
5	Excellent BBQ and I'm one picky girl!!! Some of the best service I've had by server Caprice as well as service from manager Travis . Had a great experience and will definitely be back.
4	I was nervous to eat here because of all of the pork so I stuck to the deep fried food. The buffalo wings and fried pickles were pretty good but the sauces served with the pickles were amazing. The best part of my visit was the biscuit before my meal, it was served with a cinnamon butter and I couldn't get enough. Amazing! The manager was polite and my server was knowledge.
5	Came to Lucille's to get some bbq and loved their briscuit. Probably one of the best I have ever had and the staff was terrific.
3	I love the big jars they give you for your drinks. The customer service was great. My ribs were pretty good but didn't think they were worth $30. The biscuits (or should I call them rolls?) were mediocre I could've made better at home. Overall nice clean establishment.
4	I am promptly seated every time I go to Lucille's. The service is always fast and friendly and the food never disappoints.
2	I have been going to this restaurant since it opened years ago and everytime I go is because friends or family want to try it. It is a hit or miss, but never consistent.Sometimes they take a long time to seat your party, to serve your party, or to deliver your food to your party.We went this time for Brisket meat because another place was closed. We stood at the front check in desk with other patrons for 15 minutes as employees walked by with no service so I went to the bar to ask for help.Finally, we were seated after apology. Then after drinks were ordered, we were ready to order our BRISKET for lunch. We get another apology because they are out of BRISKET for any of the lunch deals, but offered burnt tips. Yikes.Oh well, another miss.
5	Came here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised that they have a great happy hour!! Food was great and the drinks were too!
3	I just ate my take out order tonight (5 bbq beef ribs and two veggie sides). Unfortunately, the rubs weren't as good as I had previous times. Always I ordered them with light sauce and I received the opposite,  probably to cover up the low quality rib meat. I really feel highly disappointed because the restaurant is so close to my house. The only reason, I gave 3 stars is because I enjoyed the food before. If I had to rate tonight's meal it would be 1 star if that!
3	I ended up here twice in two weeks. The first time was fine but my food was cold had to send it back.  Tonight we sat in the bar and had to move because the live music was super loud. Too loud to enjoy.  But the service is great and the BBQ sliders were good too.  I recommend the mac and cheese.
3	Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que was a blast!  This is the kind of restaurant you go to with family or close friends, roll up your sleeves and eat with your hands.  The restaurant has a playful, laid back feel; the servers are friendly; and the portions are generous.Four of us shared a Full Rack of Baby Back Ribs and a Full Rack of St. Louis Ribs with extra sides--just a few dollars more for each.  We left stuffed and very satisfied.  The ribs were pull-of-the-bone-tender, flavorful, and not dripping with sauce--which we liked.  There are 3 bottles of Lucille's BBQ Sauce on the table ranging from spicy to sweet for you to add more sauce if that's your thing.  Memorable add-ons/sides were the Caesar Salad, Mac 'n Cheese, and Mashed Potatoes, I would skip the Coleslaw (undressed) and Baked Beans (too sweet, lots of sauce, not a lot of beans), and don't fill-up on the House Biscuits (heavy and dense).There are plenty of options on the fairly large menu, including pasta, sandwiches, jambalaya, and salad, if someone in your group doesn't like BBQ, but when the restaurant is called Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que, you can guess what your best bet is going to be.  If you're not going to grill at home, come down to Lucille's and let them do the work for you.
3	happy hour is the only reason I go here, its been a few months since I've been and they took  gumbo OFF the happy hour menu and off the menu period. WHY. WFT.some of the best I've ever had. they also raised the prices on happy hour. the server Ashley was great, but needless to say I will never be back.
4	Love this place, great food and really friendly staff, we always ask for Kristy as she is a smiling sweet girl who makes you feel good while eating good food!
5	Great menu, lots of options at reasonable price. The biscuits are to die for, the ribs are great and so is the chicken. Portions are very generous and the servers are all so friendly. Our favorite is Kristy, she is always happy and friendly. You will leave there happy and full!
4	I went here with the child I nanny for and he loved it! He was pleased with the sauce and I was pleased with the service. They attended to everything we needed! Even when we asked if we could have a plate full of mint leaves! The spinach artichoke dip was a bit boring and basic. The biscuits and butter was amazing! The butter is sweet and had some cinnamon in it. It was an overall great experience!
5	Been here a few times because our kids enjoy ribs and don't complain when we say we will go Lucille's!  We went this week and asked for Kris as our server since she helped us the last time and was so patient and friendly with our 3 kids.  This time was no different than the last time, she was super friendly and attentive.  We usually get ribs and a pasta dish but this time we just ordered 2 racks of ribs with mac n cheese, veges, and corn on the cobb.  Ribs and Mac n Cheese were excellent.  I didn't try the other sides but my husband said they were good.  We ordered an appetizer that isn't on the menu, its the potato chips but we have them make them like nachos, they are so yummy!  Do your self a favor and ask them for that next time you go in.  Overall a great family place to eat and huge selection of things to pic from.
2	Not what I call BBQ. Very commercial. Being from Texas I prefer smoked meat that is not cooked with the sauce on it. I prefer to choose sauce or no sauce. Probably ok for the casal dinerIf you are picky about real BBQ. Keep looking.
4	Food was good.  The biscuits were excellent.  The fried pickles were good, but very hot (temp).  The jambalaya excellently plated, delicious and spicy.The mint juleps were great.The service was rushed, not sure why.  It wasn't crowded. The waitress asked for a second round of drinks before we were half way done with the first. She cleared plates and brought the desert menu before I was done eating.
1	First off the food is five star! The reason for 1 star is because of the wait staff I no longer go there!! The service years ago was great now the employees are miserable, have attitudes and act like there doing u a favor! Tonight was the final straw stopped in with my girlfriend around 9pm for a late diner and after being passed numerous times by numerous employees and after waiting for 15 min to be seated we decided to just grab a seat on the 90% empty patio then not 30 seconds later we were created by a rude screaming employee to get up and go inside and look for someone to seat us!! So we got up alright, got up and left and went to Hanks steak house in green valley ranch and had a wonderful dinner with friendly staff!! Won't be back here until they get rid of the rude, miserable awful employees!!
5	Food some one of the best in Vegas! And management is wonderful, u can be assured if u have any type of problem they will handle it promptly and professionally which is very unusual these days from corporate businesses! I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone coming to Vegas who wants to get off the strip for some good food!
4	Dined outside on 10/13. We had a great meal!! The burnt tips app and fried green tomatoes were perfect starters. I had the blackened chicken sandwich and it was everything I had hoped for and more! So glad we stopped in and will make it a point to return very soon!
4	This is our default BBQ place since it's the closest one to our house.  The food is consistent and the biscuits are always delicious!  I like to take advantage of the online to-go order form, but for some reason, either the remarks section do not work or the servers do not read the comments.  Although the server always go over what you ordered, he/she does NOT "pack the extra sauce" that you've requested in the comments section so make sure you don't rush off too quickly now.  :-)
2	Ordered the Chicken and Ribs plate. Portions are rather small and I'm just an average to light eater. Ribs were overcooked and dry (as if they were sitting under a heating lamp for some time), chicken was ok, but nothing special. Definitely not worth the price, would not be back.
5	Was told by several people this place is great and I should try it out.  Finally had the need for some great BBQ food.  I was more than delighted by the service, food, and drinks.  Start with service.  One of the number one reasons I will return to a restaurant.   My server was on it and made sure my muddy water (ice tea with lemonade) was always full.  She was just great.   Food.  I had a lunch platter with baby back ribs, pulled pork, and 1/4 of a chicken.  The flavors where exactly like they should be from a smokehouse.  Absolutely loved the food.  The biscuits were great with apple butter.  The Fried pickles were great.  Breading fell off mostly but still enjoyed them.  The drink.  Muddy water is 1/2 ice tea and 1/2 lemonade.   Could not get enough. I believe I sloshed out of the place from all of the ice tea I drank.  Price was way reasonable and I left a big tip to boot.  I would highly suggest this place for BBQ food in Las Vegas.   Especially since San Jose Smoking Pig was such a disappointment claiming to be a smokehouse.
1	Can't review the food as we couldn't even been served.  Went as a large party of 20. Incompetent hostess couldn't figure out how to seat us.  Once seated we were informed we have to be on one bill.  Have never been to a restaurant where they can't figure out how to serve a large party with separate checks.  Glad we left.  Kings Fish house next door. Even Better!
3	We have had many positive experiences with Lucille's. One server went out of his way to give us a great experience and we had a blast. The next time in we couldn't get anyone over to the table for anything. The last time we made reservations we had to wait 45 minutes after the reservation time. Not acceptable. Didn't go back for several months. (that was also the visit where we couldn't get a server to do anything for us.) While comparably priced with other BBQ restaurants around town, for the money I expect better, more consistent service. When it is good it is great, unfortunately we have had too many unfortunate experiences. For lunch you can't go wrong with one of their sandwiches, pulled pork, ti-tip or brisket all tasty. For supper go with a combo platter. You get to sample a little of everything and have lunch the next day. Favorites would be the baby back ribs, tri-tip, garlic mashed potatoes and mac & cheese. The biscuits and cinnamon butter are a great compliment to your meal. They are located in the District at GVR. At times parking is a bit sparse but we have always found something. One nice thing is that after your meal you can wander around the store and shops at the District and work off some of your meal. Summary - they are close to the house and the food is good, service is hit or miss.
5	Came here and was blown away by the delicious food and outstanding hospitality provided by our server Tanner. He was such a great server, very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. He was so helpful in suggesting the some of the favs and he was right on point. We all left so full and raving that it was the best meal we have had in a long time.  We aren't locals but when we do visit we will deff be back and will most certainly be requesting Tanner
3	I can't rate it lower than this because we never had the chance to try the food. My wife and I decided to skip the hour long wait at GVR buffet due to Veterans Day crowd and decided on Lucille's. My wife is from KC, BBQ Heaven, so she and I know the drill. We checked in only to be told 5-10 minutes for which judging by the empty tables in dining room and bar area, didn't make sense. We ended up waiting 25 mins for a table while the staff stood there with empty tables and several that had not been cleared. We were seated in area behind the bar area right next to a party of 20 something and couldn't even hear each other. We sat with our menus for 10 mins with no one even bringing water or asking for a drink order. We looked at each other and got up, walked out. 1. Under staffed? Shame on the manager down the street a casino offering free buffet not anticipating crowd he might get on Tuesday night from their overflow.2. Poorly trained staff that didn't put butts in seats 3. What I did see of menu had turkey meal, BBQ restaurant or Coco's?We won't go back to this location.
1	This was our second try at Lucilles, when you walk in you will really want to like this place as it smells so good. Unfortunately, that's as good as it gets. We arrived about 5:30 and asked not to be sat near any kids (it is always full of families). Of course they sat us right next to a large party with 3 babies in high chairs.After waiting a while longer we arrived at a table. The waitress took our drink order and asked if we wanted biscuits which of course we said yes to (the best thing about is place). About 5 minutes later she came by and asked if we wanted biscuits again. We told her she already asked us and we said yes. After our drinks came we ordered the original pulled pork sandwich with bbq beans and the brisket sandwich. We waited, and waited. No food and no waitress. A Manager happened to walk by and asked if everything was ok. We said we were waiting quite a while for our food and she said she would check on it. Finally our waitress came back and said she ordered the wrong brisket sandwich and it would be out soon. When the food finally arrived my sandwich was bordering cold. The bbq beans were the worst I have ever had. It was more like a soup with a few beans thrown in. The pulled pork was very dry as was the brisket. Both times here the meats have been way over cooked and dry. The Mac and cheese that came with the brisket sandwich was also very plain. A really disappointing experience, again. When we got the bill nothing was offered to be taken off for the long wait or cold food. Not that we will be going back again, but I might have given 2 stars if they did.
5	Food was great. But the customer service here is awesome.  Quevera, my waitress. Was attentive. Nothing compared to the horrible service at the one in red rock casino.  I'm defiantly coming back here.
5	If you have health or figure conscience then I would recommend the trip tip salad. It will help your cravings for barbeque but still keeps you on the healthy side. Its delicious.
4	Go to place if you want to listen to Blues and some ribs at the same time.  Applicable only after 9pm.
1	Very disappointing Thanksgiving...Since my boyfriend & I couldn't make it home (Cali) for Thanksgiving this year, my consolation was being able to enjoy a nice turkey dinner at Lucille's. I was so looking forward to having smoked turkey with the sides (for me, it's all about the sides!). My BF's parents had made reservations for 6pm; imagine the anticipation, as the smoky smells that greeted us upon arrival were divine. Imagine also, the dispair I felt when the waiter informed us that they ran out of turkey AND ham over half an hour ago! WHAT THE WHAT?!? I then asked if I could order ribs or chicken and still get the sides-he said he would check-when he came back, he said no. He didn't even seem apologetic in any way, which was like salt on a snail...In the end, I ordered something called MardiGras Chicken, which was just okay. At that point, nothing would have sufficed. Based on the fact that: 1) they could have told us about running out of turkey (the reason for being there in the first place) BEFORE seating us, 2) the sheer apathetic attitude & inept service from the waiter, and 3) no apologies from management--I'd have to give Lucille's a THUMBS WAY DOWN.
5	First time here, this place is great! The server was very personable, we had biscuits and the buffalo chips for appetizers, both were great. The biscuits were served with Apple butter which I love. The meats were cooked very well, much better than other "bbq" restaurants. They also have angry orchard draft at a decent price, will be coming back.
5	Good food, good people, great time. Lost of food, two dinners will feed a family of four with left overs. That is including a 16 year old boy that will eat anything and everything not nailed down. We order 7 beef ribs and a rack of pork ribs.
4	Here's what I don't get about Lucille's, and hopefully someone from there can clarify for me. We only go to Lucille's for lunch.  In the past, we were told that they serve off the lunch menu on weekends, and we used that menu.  Lately, I've been given the dinner menu on weekends and holidays .  When I ask, sometimes they get me the lunch menu and sometimes they say, "We don't do it on weekends, holidays, etc."  Last time I asked if I could have the lunch menu on Veterans Day and they said no.  I asked the server to check with the manager, and the they brought me the lunch menu.  What's the deal?  The dinner portions are too big for lunch, and the price is much more doable for lunch.  Having said that, the food is outstanding, especially the fried seafood platter with shrimp and fish.  They're still making money by letting people order lunch during lunchtime. Anyone know the truth?
5	i had the veggies, mac & cheese  with tri tip & hot links it was awesome the strawberry lemonade was tasty. the staff is great the prices are fair ...... i love this place
5	BBQ heaven. The food is authentic, savory and everything you'd ever want at a barbecue place.We got the small appetizer sampler and was more than enough for our party of four. I tried the tri-tip sandwich and it was delicious. So much meat! Also the strawberry lemonade was refreshing and such a huge glass I didn't need a refill. Last came dessert, and I would highly recommend the Snickers ice cream cake. You'd be smart to share with someone as it is enormous. The service was a little slow and they didn't initially ask us if we even wanted dessert. In the end the food is what won, so hence the five-star review.
4	Best freakin place on earth! Hate the wait, that is the only reason why they didn't get the 5 stars but by far the best ribs place in vegas. If you have company, family or friends in town, durnig the week they have live shows, great music, awsome southern food! Great atmosphere. It can't get much better than this.
5	Came here for lunch a couple weeks ago.  Easily, the best BBQ that I have had in vegas, possibly the best BBQ I have had anywhere.  I want my baby back, baby back, baby back ribs.  I had a lunch combo with Burnt Ends, Baby Back Ribs, and Tri-Tip.  All were fantastic, but those ribs were the money maker.  I wish that I had discovered Lucille's earlier, it was so good!If you are around near one, try it out, and GET THE COMBO!
5	Once again back out to Lucille's. And it gets better every time we go. Made reservations for 6. Got there about 5:45. Glad I hade reservations cuz the wait was about a hour and a half. We were seated within in 5 min of showing up. William was our waiter and he was fantastic. He was quick with the drinks and very attentive with our order. The food came out in about 20 min. And VERY GOOD. I live in the northwest and I will defiantly make the trip to Lucille's in Henderson.
5	Amazing BBQ, super kid-friendly & the best service we've had in Las Vegas. It was a very busy night for the restaurant, so that alone, says a lot! Our server, Colton, was awesome, my kids loved him, as well.
4	Can't believe I've never had this place before but, in pregnancy, my appetite and taste buds bring me to uncharted territory. I loved (most of) the food here. The biscuits and sweet butter fulfilled cravings I didn't even know I had. The barbecue chicken sandwich (complete with onion straws) was amazing. The corn on the cob was nothing spectacular. The service was great. They use a sort of team approach so you can get anything you need from anyone who happens to be walking by. Multiple people checked on us, cleared dirty plates, and filled our drinks. We were impressed. I have a feeling a craving will hit for some barbecue very soon and I'll return here often!
4	Wonderful tasty little treat!  They have fried okra !!!!  And the BBQ brisket was delish!  Large portions and friendly staff!
