4	This place is so new, it wasn't even on Yelp yet! I have no idea when it opened, but it is brand-spanking new, and I like it! It is always so nice to go to a place that hasn't been trashed by lazy slobs. The bathrooms were sparkling, the carpet was gum-free and the seats were still bouncy and had that new-car, new-book, new-anything smell. Besides the newness factor, it's just like every other Harkins theater, which I can't say is a bad thing -- they have predictably good customer service, nice and polite kids working there, and they always keep things clean and tidy. Plus, I really like that Harkins has a bigger selection of food items at their concession areas.  Sometimes popcorn or nachos just won't do it for you!Finally, to top it all off, there are some great little places around the theater that you can visit after your movie (i.e.: PF Changs, Paciugo Gelato, Dippin' Dots and a soon to be opened Johnny Rockets.)  If your ever in the far North part of Phoenix, check this place out --new is always nice!
4	Digital screen!  I remember seeing Iron Man here at midnight this past summer.  Great experience, will definitely be coming back.
5	Just went to this relatively new theatre and it was a great experience.  The movie was great as well as the sound.  There were no packed seating, so we had the seats we wanted and it was nice that so many restaurants were right across the street.  Who knew Olive Garden, TGI Fridays, Red Robin, and others were up in this part of town.  It was a very enjoyable day.
4	This is my favorite theater near my North Phoenix residence. Why?1) The theater is pretty new, which means good audio/visual equipment, comfortable seating and a bright & shiny experience.2) Harkin's T-shirt program! You can buy a Harkin's tee for around $20, which allows you to get a free popcorn all year long at any Harkin's theater. Even if I'm not hungry, the smell of fresh popped corn at the theater will get me running to scoop some up. I luv me some poppin corn! Yes, I'm an addict.We go here when we're not doing a early bird $5 special at AMC DeerValley 30.
4	Typically the husband and I don't care for Harkins Theatres for a myriad of reasons, but this one seemed to be a step above all the other locations.  First of all, they seemed to be well staffed, and their employees actually did their jobs well.  I can't tell you how many times we have gone to see a 3D movie and haven't been given our glasses.  Second, the lobby is small, but designed well enough to hold a lot of people and keep the lines out of your way.  The theatres were clean, the bathrooms were clean and the picture/sound quality was great.
3	I don't normally like Harkins theaters.  While they are local, Dan Harkins abandoned Phoenix when he tore down the Cine Capri and has only built theaters that benefit the urban sprawl of the valley.  On top of that, I can't stand the rocking seats.  They are always banging into my knees and the people behind me tend to kick them way more often than at AMC.  All of that being said, this is a pretty nice Harkins.  Buried in some shopping center I didn't know existed, it has a nice wide lobby.  We went and saw Final Destination 3D and I'm not sure if the theater does the glasses or if they come with the film reel but these glasses were different & by far the best I've ever used.  The screen was nice and the projector was all digital.  It wasn't HD but it was digital and looked good.  Overall, this was a pretty decent place and it wasn't overrun with families with 8 children like most of the Harkins I've been to.  I can't say I'd go back (because it is so far from where we live) but it was a nice place.
5	I used to have an aversion to Harkins , which I think began back in the days when Harkins meant sticky feet at Christown or risky life and limb at Metro Center. But my new image of Harkins is I dig Harkins.   I have noticed that they have excellent service. From the minute you enter to when you leave, their staff pretend to care and that's what I like. I love to believe when I am entering that I am beginning a little mini holiday. Hearing polite manners, and a little chit chat with the help supports my vacation feeling. Going to the movies has always been a special treat in my book and Harkins supports my fantasy.  The theater itself is nicely decorated with a big Hollywood feel. I really like the cleanliness,  rocking chairs,  99 refillable sodas and the wide range of food court items just in case we actually ever really need pizza or chicken tenders.   Way to go  Harkins.
3	Ok, that's about it.  About what you would expect.  Most recent visit was for a midnight showing.  They do earn points for having plenty of people staffing the snack bar.  Anyway...it was ok
4	OK, I'll admit. The digital projectors here are pretty sweet. It is pretty much like watching a Blu-ray movie on an HD projector  only really big. It is different than film, to be sure. The blacks could use a bit more depth, judging from what I saw during Nightmare on Elm 2010. But, there was no "dithering" or "banding" of the whites-to grays or black-to-grays so common to digital sources via Cable TV or a not-perfectly-mastered DVD. That's where digital really fails for me. In the compression. None of that here. The theatre is very clean, beautiful and the staff is super nice. The chairs are designed by Dan Harkins' wife, a chiropractor, so they are tall, and rock, and lean pretty far back. Comfy. Good leg room, too. Lots of of places to park a wheelchair, if you need to - and its a well-appointed space for that kind of thing. Kudos there. Sound system is Dolby Digital, with plenty of speakers and excellent imaging. No distortion present, and dialog is crisp and clear. Unlike a THX theatre (are there any left?) the surround effects are definitely localized, and things panned really hard can be perfectly tracked from front to back. Whether you like that will probably depend on your own taste, and what you are watching. For Elm St. it was cool in parts - but distracting enough that the soundtrack lost some of its creepiness factor. You shouldn't always know exactly where a creepy sound is in space. Perhaps a bit more work from the sound mixers in the movie would have helped.Snacks are expensive, but diverse. U can get a White Castle Burger for $4, if I recall. Drinks are only 99 cents if you bring your Harkins Cup. Will nice digital theatres like this kill film theatres? I hope not. I keep hoping Harkins digs out their old 70mm projector and rolls it into the Cine Capri for special events - but that probably won't happen. If you are in the North Valley and want pristine sound and visuals - check this place out. If you NEED to see film grain - this is not your place.Oh - yeah - you don't want to be here on a weekend night unless you want to deal with all the teens. This seems to be their new place to hang.________________Original Info Below_____________This is an FYI to all the people wondering about 3D Movies such as Avatar, and all the different formats out there.I have not been to this theatre, but I did call them today regarding Avatar 3D, as it was listed as Digital 3D. It is digital projection. 3D format is Image Master. It is NOT IMAX, NOT REAL-D, NOT Dolby 3D. It is a cost-effective system designed to retrofit any projector into a 3D system in a manner similar to the way Real-D does it, but without having to have vendor specific projection equipment.I can't attest to the quality of the system, as I have not seen it - this is just FYI.
5	I'm usually an AMC man, and Arizona Center 24 is my guilty pleasure. However, went here with some friends last night to see Daybreakers. Wasn't disappointed at all. I forgot how nice it is to be around a new theater...Place was organized, and especially for how intensely crowded it was. Staff were nice, and found some people we didn't know worked there at the theater, always a plus to see a familiar face. Saw the movie- not the best, but interesting hahaha. The theater was HUGE and the sound was absolutely impeccable. Far superior to the sound systems at any other theater I'd been to. But this is where the fun part starts. Got into my friend's car, (we carpooled there) and made my way back to their place. At this time I realized my own car key has fallen out of my shorts' pocket. Looks like I've lost my last spare key. And to all the Volkswagen owners, you KNOW how hard it is to find that little black piece of plastic. At this time, panic ensued. Frantically went back to the theater, and waited for the current showing of the movie to be over in order to search high and low for my key. When everyone left, we all looked under every seat in our area. The manager then came in, and helped us look for it. Apparently there are pockets between the seats which collect things which have fallen out of people's pant pockets. The man reached out from under the seat, revealing my lonely little VW key. Definitely worth the two hours of stressing, I almost didn't come back to the theater in the first place. I'd like to applaud the customer service here, thanks for being so incredibly helpful!
4	I love this Harkins. Its a newer Harkins and is very clean. The staff takes very good care of this place. The projectors and sounds are crisp and very good! It's by far better then the AMC down the street. I love that Harkins does their souvenir cup and tee-shirt. Dollar refills for soda and free popcorn with the shirt! It makes going to the movies cheap again!
4	Before I was officially stationed in PHX I was on temporary assignment and was living near Norterra.  On my occasional days off I loved catching movies here.  So much so I invested in the movie cup and would buy my tickets at Costco in pairs. The all digital sound and images are hard to beat.  The seats are always clean and cozy.  Now that I am downtown the closest theaters I have are AMC (AZ Center and Esplanade) they both can use an upgrade in their technology.  Of course nothing is the same once you've been to Harkins Norterra. When I am up for a bit of a drive with my movie you will still find me up here.
4	Good location..not too big not to small and cheaper than amc. In other words, good shit.
5	This Sunday after a great party on the Cool Bus the night before, we took the kids to see a flick. -No line getting in -2 min wait at concessions -Awesome job buttering the hot and fresh popcorn -Ice cold Dr Pepper even if my buds were not tasting it correctly ~ why does that happen after a night of drinking heavily? -Clean, comfortable, seats -Nice picture and sound but the previews are always louder (the way it should be) then the flick itself. TURN IT UP! The whole Norterra complex is getting more and more places to be and see. It can be worth the drive.
5	This is by far one of the (if not the) best places to see the latest cinema flicks in the Phoenix metro area.  Our family loves this place and their are some pretty good restaurants in the immediate area so you can make it an eventful evening with your family.Friendly staff, the place is always clean and it still looks new.  They have the latest digital sound and video which makes the 3-D totally awesome to watch!  They have comfy seats with adjustable arms and plenty of leg room which is so relaxing to me. Their snack, pop corn and drinks are all "good theater worthy" and they have that special cup you can get for repeat customer to get a discounted soda.This a great place to watch the latest flicks with friends and family.  What would make this a 5+ you ask? A nice glass of chardonnay or merlot before the movie :-)
4	I've been to this theater more times than I can remember. It's an extremely nice theater that typically isn't too crowded, even on opening nights. The staff is friendly (I've never seen a sad, angry or rude employee). The student prices, which are offered at all Harkins Theaters (I think) you can't beat: $7 with a student ID. The only reason why I'm not giving them 5 stars is because they have, on multiple occasions, have given me the wrong ticket. I ask for the 8pm, and I get the 7pm. So they make me go back to the counter and get a new ticket while everyone waits for me. They're quick to get me the new ticket, but after a few times, it kind of gets annoying.Other than that, this is by far my favorite theater in The Valley.
4	I came here for the 1st time this past Saturday & I only wish I had started coming here sooner! I usually go to the Harkins on Bell & 34th st, but I like this location MUCH more, this will now be my go to movie theater. It's much cleaner than most movie theaters I've been to & it's HUGE! The screen & sound also seem to be of much higher quality. The employees here are also friendly & helpful. Even though I don't have kids, I think it's pretty neat they have a place where you can drop your kids off at to play if you want to see a movie & couldn't find a sitter. Not sure if it's complimentary or not but either way it's a cool idea! P.S. The movie my mom & I saw was Just Go With It, horrible movie! Adam Sandler needs to stop making comedies already...
5	I love this theater!! it's 100 % digital and very clean and the staff is friendly. I believe that the have child care if you have any. also lot's of great restaurants and shopping all within walking distance in the shops @ Norterra.
4	It's a movie theater... it was good... had no problems.No issues with sound or service... and ridiculously easy to get into.
5	Love this theater, along with all Harkins. AMC is pretty much out of the picture for us anymore.  If we want to see a movie (which is pretty frequently)  we check times at this place first.  We love the loyalty cup and tshirt which gets you free popcorn.
5	Childcare, distance from my home, away from hustle of malls is why this place rocks.  Harkins has it figured out, except Dan Harkins needs to not leave his dog in a hot car.  But who cares, the dog lived...right?
5	It's a chain movie theater. You can't really add much to that, other than this location is always clean, staff is courteous and helpful. When there are problems with other patrons (talking, cell phones, etc) they have always addressed the issue and ensured we left happy.
4	This is a nice theatre in a good area with plenty of shopping in the area.
4	If this had an "adult beverage section" it would be 5 stars. I love that the concession stand has White Castle Sliders. I don't know why they taste so much better here than they do out of the boxes in the freezer section- they must have better microwaves- but they do.  I never have a crazy long wait, the service is always good, and fairly fast in comparison to thier competitors-ahem! You know who you are! AND- you can get weird flavored toppings for your popcorn here- unlike aforementioned competitior. LOVE Harkins! Love Harkins Norterra MOST.  Also- the $1 refill cups that you can use all year round? GREAT idea.  Saves me quite alot of soda money in the long run.
5	I love going to this theater.  Saturday or Sunday afternoon the place is never to busy.  It is clean, the staff is friendly.  This is my theater of choice.
4	I have only been to this theater once.  I was hanging out with some girlfriends and this is the closest theater to where they live.  At first glance, it looks like a typical movie theater.  For the most part it is.  The thing that I found awesome, was that it has a daycare center.  If a couple wants to go to a movie and it's not appropriate for the child or they just want to do something for the two of them, they can bring their little one to the day care center.  I can't believe all the parents, who bring their kids to adult movies.  It's unacceptable and of course selfish of the parents.  I hope other theaters catch on to this.  It's also right next to Buffalo Wild Wings and several shops and other restaurants in the area.  Check it out.
5	Best theatre! We love coming to this Harkins, it is clean and taken care of.
4	Best theater in the North Valley, clean, spacious, good parking and a great selection of first-run movies. Could use a few more independent films, but overall a great choice.
5	This is my favorite local theater to go to. Nice clean theater and good service. I know that it's new but this is the one I first choose when I'm thinking about going to a movie. I also like that the screens appear new and the movies look nice and crisp. Solid theater and a few places to go get something to eat or drink nearby.
5	Harkins theaters vary greatly in quality. This is one of the finest Harkins I have been to in several states. I highly recommend the trip to this location.
4	I frequent several Harkins depending on movie times that work with my schedules..and I like matinees because they are cheaper and nobody is really there. AWESOME!I think this is the best Harkins in North Central Phoenix east of the 51 and north of Dunlap and as far west as the 101. Got it? Good. moving on.The Ultimate Dog was perfect. No hard bun, overcooked dog, etc..Popcorn was hot.The place is clean.Service at concessions moved quick.I like the popcorn seasoning they make available.
4	My favorite theatre in the valley to go to, always clean, and the staff is usually well mannered and ready to serve. Student discount is the biggest reason I go here over AMC because Harkins is a smarter business and offers better value to any customer. I will always go here first unless I have to go to one of the other guys.
4	Harkins over AMC anyday! Their chairs are so much more comfortable....cheaper tickets...overall better atmosphere.
5	Came here with my 2 year old daughter for our first date last night.  Halfway through the movie she got tired ad wanted to go home and when the front desk saw us leave, she asked if everything was ok.  We old her what happened and she gave us 2 free passes to come back again!  Awesome!  Clean place, great seating!
5	Time for an update on this Harkin's in the Norterra Shopping center.   If you haven't been to the Harkins, why not? What are you waiting for?    It's a wonderful theater, very kid friendly and adult friendly as well!  The employees are great and they can be entertaining at times, in a good way.  So what kind of movie watcher are you?  Are you the "lone ranger" and will go alone to watch a flick?  Are you the "family guy/gal" that has everyone wearing a Harkins shirt to get free popcorn and some theater drink cups ready for some refills? Are you the "date night" person that is out having fun hoping you won't smile with some popcorn stick in your teeth? Regardless of who you are, this Harkins is the theater for you!   I hope to see you there.
5	I like it. No problems! No issues :)
4	Fast & furious. Guy outing.This is a typical Harkins Theater.  It has several screens and stadium seating.  I recommend buying the loyalty cup so all future sodas are $1.50.  Going to the movies these days can be a relatively expensive endeavor.
4	Just a quick update. I've been here numerous times now, and everything is always great. Clean, friendly, efficient staff. Picture and sound quality remain excellent.
4	I love this movie theater!  It is clean and comfortable!  But the BEST thing EVER --- they have a child care!!!  Grown ups can drop their kid's into the child care for $6 per kid while they go and watch a grown-up movie.  Now, if they just served wine I would be a very happy momma!
5	This is a clean and comfortable theater with child care.  Just a tip for parents: you need to make a reservation for the kids center and it fills up fast on weekends.  If you don't have a reservation, they will usually call over to the center to see if there is space before they'll sell you the tickets.  It has a separate bathroom for the kids and they get their own popcorn and water.  You get a pager in case there are problems.  There are also windows all around so you can check on junior if you'd like.  They watch children up to 8 years old.  The kids club is open from the first showing at the theater.Harkins also sponsors a summer kids movie series that's worth the cost even if you only go to a couple of the movies.Another tip, you can take in coffee from the shop next door, which is definitely worth checking out.
4	Oh harkins, how you satisfy my son and I's need to see Planes. Overall, our experience was nothing over the top but I will say the popcorn was especially delicious!
4	A consistently good theater experience is to be had at this Harkins Norterra location. We have been frequenting this theater since it opened, for a number of reasons. They have the signature Harkins seats, which are comfortable rockers. Their prices are a little less expensive than AMC. This location is in a nice enough area that you don't feel scared walking across the parking lot at 10:30 PM after the show. They have very affordable child care (we've never used it) and it always looks like the kids are having fun in there. The snacks, like any theater, are waaaaaay overpriced, so we usually skip those. They have a loyalty drink cup that you can buy for $5 or so, and the refills are $1.50, so the cost is at least bearable. The bathrooms, both the normal and family ones, are always very clean. They have the summer movie program, which is a great deal at 10 movies for $7. As long as you don't mind strong-arming your way into the theater past all of the crazy parents, you should be fine.
5	Best theater. Thanks Harkins.  Love that I can butter my own popcorn. Great location and decent seating. (Some theaters have really awkward seating) well kept and great daycare set up for those who need it. Love that I can use my college I.d. to get a discount on tickets.
5	Love this theater !  The place is clean, the seats comfortable and the screen is bright.  The only problem is weekends, where it is hard to find a nearby parking place.  Other than that, this theater is awesome.  They have great popcorn !
5	Having just moved here this summer, I have been really pleased with Harkins in general and particularly this location.  The theaters are clean and updated.  There is plenty of seating, reasonable prices, and the popcorn is delicious. By far my favorite aspect of Harkins Norterra is the playcenter.  Parents, take note! While most of the time we go to kids' movies as a family, it's so amazing to have a childcare option located right there on site whenever my husband and I want to see an adult flick.  At only $6 per child, it's a great deal.  The staff are responsible and friendly, and it's very secure - you get a wristband and pager when you drop off the kids and only the parent with the wristband may pick them up.  This idea for a movie theater is pure genius!  The kids have a blast with games, crafts and movies and they even get free popcorn for snack.  Brilliant!  Thanks Harkins, we will definitely be back soon. :)
3	There is nothing wrong with this theater but I'm not going to lie - I am forever spoiled by the AMC Esplanade.  This is the first movie in years that I've not seen at the Esplanade and it further cemented my will to drive the extra distance.
4	This is a great theater with some fun restaurants around it.  Easy in, easy out and great parking.   We always like Harkins theaters.  They are local, clean and make sure you buy the annual refill cup.
4	This movie theater is top notch. Stadium seating digital picture and sound. The concession stand can be painfully slow but name one theater in America without that issue.
4	Very nice theater. Love Harkins!
5	I always go to this theater and love it!! I decided to go to AMC this weekend because they had a showtime that worked out better. Well, after being sooo disappointed with AMC, I now feel sooo appreciative of this great locally owned theater! They have the day care center, student and military prices, overall lower prices for tickets and concessions, seats recline, theaters are always clean, staff are always nice.
5	I love, love this movie theater.  It's clean, it's friendly and it has lots of perks.The best perk?  The playcenter.  For $6 you can drop your child off for the duration of your movie.  They don't take tips (we've tried). The staff there is super friendly and our 5-YO loves to go there.  They give the kids popcorn and water.  And while inside, they do arts & crafts, play video games, watch movies, and have tons of toys.  There is a bathroom in the playcenter so your child never leaves the supervised area.  The doors are locked and only the playcenter staff can unlock the door.  There are usually 2-3 people working in the playcenter.  Reservations are not required but recommended.  They have a cap and once it is filled, you are out of luck.  The parent and child have matching bracelets and the parent also gets a pager in case they are needed.  The playcenter is also full of windows so you can look right in and see what your little tyke is up to.  Another perk?  $1.50 refills if you have their Harkins cup.  Free Medium popcorn if you have the Harkins shirt.  Towards the end of the year, they have a deal where you can purchase the cup, t-shirt and 2 free popcorn vouchers for $20.  When the hubs and I go to see a matinee, we spend $23 for a movie, 2 drinks, a popcorn AND a "babysitter".  It can't get any better than that!
4	Great place to catch a movie. Friendly people and great seats. Also the popcorn not bad either.
5	Our regular theatre.  Always clean and comfortable.  Saw The Giver today and were 2 or 4 viewers!  The staff is always helpful and nice.  We appreciate the location and typically plenty of parking.  We always have our souvenir cup to get a reasonable soda.
5	I've never been to a better theater. I love it. It honestly makes it hard to go to other places to watch movies. The chairs are comfortable, the location is great, even the people aren't super strange. The bathrooms are clean and are never odoriferous. The people behind this theater respect the material they present, and are able to strike a balance that will please film-lovers, movie-goers, and popcorn-eaters alike.
5	I live close to this Harkins theater, and it is usually where I go see movies. The staff are very friendly and accommodating, and the theaters are always clean. I can always count on getting into see the latest movie, provided that I get there at least 15 minutes early. For a movie theater, I I find that this one is quite immaculate, given that most theaters have popcorn strewn across the floor and in the seats. This is a great theater and I am fortunate that it's almost in my backyard. One more thing. I'm quite impressed with the loyalty cup and T-shirt program that Harkins offers. I attended a breakfast where Dan Harkins spoke and said that he pioneered this loyalty program in the movie theater business. I applaud this, as it has saved my family at least $100or so in one year during our trips to the movies. Keep up the great work, Harkins!
