5	The best morning buns since the Ovens of Brittany. I am glad that they only take cash as it keeps me from getting fat!
2	I was quite happy when Batch opened. It's down the street from my house, so nearly every day I've walked past it and stared at the kitchen window where people are baking. It always looked so delicious!However, I'm not sure if I haven't tried the right items yet, or if I'm just picky about bread, because both the baguette and the croissant were just mediocre. It's definitely good quality compared to the average bread I get at Madison restaurants, but it doesn't come close to the baked goods at Sophia's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sophias-bakery-and-cafe-madison) or loaves of bread from Madison Sourdough (http://www.yelp.com/biz/madison-sourdough-company-inc-madison). Specifically, the bread didn't really taste like anything. I would think it hadn't been given enough time to rest and develop flavor through longer fermentation, or like they hadn't started with a poolish (starter). Texturally, the baguette was too fluffy and uniform inside, with no little air pockets or visible strands of gluten structure. The flavor of the croissant was good, but the texture seemed too dense and packed together, like the butter hadn't broken through the layers the way it is supposed to. I would also suggest a little less marzipan inside the almond croissant - it was a bit too sweet.I enjoyed their fougasse, which is a little bit like a focaccia. Given the weaknesses with their dough, this makes sense, since a fougasse has a fair amount of oil and herbs that can cover up a flavorless dough.Maybe I was there on an off day, or maybe I haven't tried the right items. I'll certainly be back another time or two, but I'm keeping my expectations lower next time.
5	I love Batch Bakehouse! The staff is so friendly and it's great to have Intelligentsia coffee in the neighborhood. I've had a scone and a croissant and both were delicious. I just wish they were open more days of the week!
2	Having been told just yesterday about Batch and the fact that they make different types of fougasse breads, I raced over today to try them out.  I am a sucker for great fougasse, and try them out whenever I see them at a bakery.  The trouble is, they are not always so good!  Alas, the Madison fougasse lived up to my fears. Having created something more like a pizza crust in the shape of a pretzel, the Batch Bakehouse would be better advised to stick with less ambitious treats, like the sinful "Hello Dolly" 7-layer bar...  Though, of course, I DID manage to consume this  roasted garlic/sundried tomato/rosemary pretzel in disguise, it was heavy and way too chewy, not achieving the standard of firm exterior but soft interior.
5	I know that this is a bakery, but 5 stars because this is the only place in Madison where the employees know how to brew a perfect cup of coffee.. and their beans are Intelligentsia, which is fantastic. That being said, their pastries are quite tasty too! I've tried the vanilla swirl twice, and it might be my favorite. The way the vanilla tastes (reminds me of vanilla bean ice cream with the black flecks) combined with the texture (crispy sticky on the outside until you get to the middle, which is chewy) is really fine by me! They also know how to make a great croissant (See: the shatter effect). Also, bacon cheddar peppercorn scones? Yes, please! Their pastries are priced between $2.50-$4 and well worth the price! Be forewarned, they only take cash!
5	This place is amazing!  I've spent lots of time in Europe (France, southern germany) enjoying good pastries, and Batch can hold its own.  Big-city quality for very reasonable prices, right in my neighborhood- yay! Fougasse is wonderful, apple cake is amazing, monkey bread = yum, cold-brewed iced coffee is delicious... I could go on.  Get yourself to batch ASAP if you haven't been there already!
5	I'm very glad that batch opened. It's definitely my favorite bakery in madison. The staff is always very friendly and helpful there.  The cheddar garlic rolls & ham gruyere croissants are amazing! I'm also a fan of the baguettes. I love how everything is fresh and the ingredients are from the farmer's market. The prices are reasonable, but get there early so you don't miss the good stuff!
4	You know when you go into a place saying "Do I have to choose? There are so many good things" that is a keeper.  My favorite is the vanilla rolls.  Imagine a cinnamon roll, but instead of cinnamon, the flavor of vanilla throughout.  I don't know of anywhere else in the city that has them.  The other reviews about the friendliness are all true, and the bakers are right there so you can talk to them.   Wish they were open a little earlier than 7:30 AM 'cause I would stop in more often on my ride to work.
5	What's not to love? Great, classic breads and also some creative ones with local cheeses, seasonal produce, and herbs baked in. Flaky pastries, amazing monkey bread. And they love dogs, too. They put a water bowl outside the door so while you step inside and have to tie your dog up, Fido can have a drink.
5	I stopped in for the first time today and was very impressed. The person at the counter was very helpful and informative, as well as patient as I dealt with my very excited-to-eat-cookies toddler. I tried a filled croissant, and I was afraid it might be too cheesy, but it was perfect. The cookies we've tried so far were great, too. Can't wait to eat the rest of what I purchased over the next couple of days. The girl at the counter also gave us a small loaf of bread for free to welcome us as first-time customers. We'll be back....soon!
4	Oh yeah, my kind of place.  Bread and Sweets.  Mmmmmmm.  What I like so far: pesto filled roll, cheddar-bacon biscuit.  What I don't like: raspberry oat bar.  Undecided: almond croissant, chocolate cork.  I'll start with the don't like.  The raspberry bars just didn't cut it for me.  I don't like things overly sweet, but this was underly sweet.  I was expecting it to have the richness of butter and brown sugar struessel, but it seemed to have a hollow, somewhat Criso-y flavor.  Pretty disappointing.  And the undecided -- chocolate cork was good, but again didn't have the richness I thought it would.  Almond croissant was good, but I personally really hate it when the outside of a croissant is hard.  Crisp and golden brown is fine.  Hard and on the verge of being overdone is not.  However, after stripping off the overdone crust, the inside was moist and had very good flavor.  And I'm a marzipan freak, so that gooiness was all good in my opinion.  Now for the likes.  Pesto filled roll how I love thee.  It's very odd that for being such a sweet tooth my two favorites here so far are savory.  Nummy bread and bursting with pesto goodness.  More please!  And the cheddar bacon biscuit!  Three of my favorite words all put together.  And this was not so much a biscuit as it was bacon held together with bits of biscuit.  No skimping on the bacon here!  SO good!
4	Don't be such a batch!This place is super good - definitely my favorite bakery in Madison. Everything I've had has been top notch in quality and flavor. I think their sourdough is even better than Madison Sourdough Co.They always have samples out, so you can try something new. Good soda and coffee (intelligensia) selection. The people are really nice too!The only negatives are CASH ONLY :( and they are pretty small- so get there early or they start running low on the popular stuff.
5	The best bakery in Madison. The cheese croissant is so addictive. The vanilla shortbread cookies are divine. Only negatives are cash only and no parking, but otherwise truly a real treat and worth the effort to go here.
5	I agree with the Isthmus, this is the Best Bakery in Madison.  I have tried a number of their product all have refinement, but most important are soooooo tasty!  From sweet to savory you can go wrong.
4	Everything I have tried here, I have liked. The monkey bread, filled croissants,sugar topped muffins are my faves. If you want monkey bread on the weekends, get there before 9:00 am to be sure you get one, as it can sometimes can be a bit of a mob scene in there.(So the earlier the better!) With bread,cookies,and pastry like this, you will know why the line is there. Counter help is always friendly, so tip them a buck cuz they work hard!(especially on sat/sun) Thanks for being there Batch, and not being Be-atches!
3	Ok yelpers that live on Willy St, let's be honest here... Sweets are so sweet that you may as well just eat sugar. Tried apple pie, blueberry muffin and russian tea cookie. Went there shortly before they close and the only reason why 3 and not 2 stars because they gave free baguette and it was good. Will try more breads in the future.
4	I love Batch!  Almost everything is wonderful (and it's fun to try to figure out your favorites).  The croissant and other sweet pastries are great.  I'm especially enamoured with the vanilla swirl roll, which is flaky like a croissant, but sweet (but not too sweet) like a morning bun.  I recommend avoiding the fougasse, as it's too salty (even for a pretzel type bread!) and stick with the other yeast breads and pastries.  The scali bread (a semolina? loaf with sesame seeds) is great.It seems like their prices have risen lately, though I'm sure this is due to the increasing price of food.  So bring more cash then you think you'll need (since they are cash only).
4	Ham and gruyere croissant-mmmm.
4	I got the rhubarb cake and a cheese filled croissant.  The croissant was second to none.  Amazing.  The rhubarb cake was good too.  Seemed like nice folks as well.
5	Don't forget to bring your cash.  My grandmother used to make cinnamon rolls and their morning bun are a good substitute. They are chewy and huge and the topping is amazing.  I am going to be frequenting this place all the time!
5	They're not the most cost-effective pastries out there and you'll need cash to pay, but damn, are Batch's pastries delicious.  My friend made sure to take me here on my recent venture to Madison and my tastebuds were overjoyed that she did.  On her suggestion, I ordered a vanilla swirl (though my instinct always says morning buns) and it was a sugary piece of heaven.  The pastry was flaky but not overly dry and the center was chewy and flavorful.  Delicious.
3	I like the food.  It's expensive, but for a splurge, it's acceptable.The counter help annoys me, however.  I will go in to an empty store.  No one shows up for a while, and when they deign to come out, there's never an apology for keeping me waiting.  And why, when I ask for something and there are several of them, do they invariably give me the smallest one?  I used to go out of my way to go there, but no more.
5	What a great day it was! After a visit to Batch, that is! First we had croissants, his ham n cheddar, mine a Gruyere......both amazing! Then we split a morning bun that was sinful!! And after dinner, a chocolate coconut tart that was outstanding! Fabulous crust n a filling that was perfect. Thanks guy.....great job!
3	Today I went back, while biking I was nearby and thought What the heck.No problems today with the counter help, or with them giving me the poorer of the possibilities.  So maybe things are better.  The apple tart was very tasty.
5	Perhaps the only thing wrong with Batch is that they post incredibly tempting stuff on my FB feed every morning.  Yes, I could remove them.  I recommend everything.
5	I crave the bakery at Batch.Bakery Heaven is how I would describe it.Croissants are tasty. The cheese and ham/meat pastries are also wonderfully baked, with the light oven-smokey taste that makes me want to go back time and time again. They also prepare different varieties of pastries depending on the mood of the chefs, and the day of the week. I am constantly surprised.This is a creative, local bakery shop. The prices are a little high ($3.50 for a croissant is a luxury, IMO, albeit delicious), and higher than the other shops near the capital. Also, it doesn't have ANY seat so the whole atmosphere of hanging out and reading at a coffee-shop is lost upon me. This place lives solely on the strength on its art on bakery.  And lastly, there is no designated parking, it's a side street parking in a corner shop.Definitely recommended place to try! The baked goods are exceptional.
5	Little bakery, big swag.Super yummy selection of breads, cookies, pastries, and the like.  I came here for one thing: a stellar cookie.  They are baking up ginger molasses cookies that are so good, you'll want to slap your mamma.  They're sweet, they're spicy, they're just right.  If that wasn't already enough, they lay some lemon butter cream frosting between those babies for a wowza new take on a cookie sandwich.Will be back for the bread.  Now I'm kicking myself for not picking up a loaf!  Ugh.  I'll be back...soon.Bring the cash monies and have an eagle eye for parking.
5	Amazing. I have been to many bakeries in Chicago, Heidelberg, Dublin and Batch rivals them all. I have never had anything I didn't like from Batch  Not only are their pastries deliciously flaky and decadent, but their sweets are incredible. I highly recommend the chocolate bundt. The prices aren't cheap, but they aren't expensive either. They are exactly what they should be for the decadence you are buying. The staff is also extremely friendly and helpful. Tell them what you feel like, and they'll suggest something.
5	Son of a Batch! Why... why are you blocks closer to me now?Even worse, I'm at Ace everyday it seems picking up hardware for my new digs and it's so easy to pop across the street to the new space.  Rawr.The chocolate/chocolate cookie is insane. INSANE. I'm not sure what gives it the cake-y yet solid texture, but whatever it is, it rocks. And on days when you don't have any, I cry a little inside. Truly. I did find a super solid alternative today though, the salty chocolate brownie. It's almost like the cookie in a fluffier, more square shape. I really don't think there's anything I haven't enjoyed. I have yet to take breads out for a test spin, next on my list once I make sure I've made my way though all the sweets. When I moved to Madison my friend Dan said Batch is best, and I have to hand it to him... he knows what he's talking about.
4	The bread of the day,  cracked wheat, reminds me so much of what my classmates and I started to get fat on at the hostel in Madrid.  Thick crust with a nicely textured inside.  Really up to European bakery quality.  The pretzels look plump and intriguing. The baguette though is bit too chewy to pass for the vraie chose.  Expanded afternoon hours for commuters.
3	Batch is a pleasant addition to Willy St. I especially like the gingerbread muffin, and the savoury filled rolls.
5	Pro gluten, pro Batch.If you go in with intentions to only purchase a baguette, remember that at least those intentions were good when you walk out carrying the baguette, a brownie, two Russian tea cakes and a dark chocolate honey pecan tart. Oh, that's just me? Cool. Went to their new location for the first time today, Mom by my side, and picked up a Monkey Bread Bun and Jordandal Farm's Ham & Gruyere Croissant. As we checked out, my Mom told the cashier that she looked like a "prettier Lindsay Lohan" (aka a "pre-meth Lindsay Lohan"). The cashier took it as a compliment, her freckles lit up and we went off into the bitter cold Madison springtime with our treasures. The croissant was buttery, cheesy and meaty, which basically makes it "God among men" of the croissant world. The Monkey Bread pulled apart and popped into my mouth without hesitation. If you're gonna go with a sweet treat, go with their salted caramel brownies. And die happy.
5	The new location is even BETTER because they are open longer now. If I could give then 6 stars, I would!  I MEAN ALL OF MY SUPERLATIVES!
5	You know what's better than carbs and fats?Nothing. This is what you do on a lazy Sunday afternoon after a long drive. Stop at Batch, pick up some baked goodness, eat, then wander around in the sun (attempting) to work off all that you inhaled. I had the plain croissant  as well as a pain au fromage. Delicious. Perfectly baked. Perfectly flakey yet soft. The croissant had the right amount of "bite" to it. I have no negative comments about taste, staff, decor. I am glad they were able to move into a bigger location in the same neighborhood, though I do miss the smaller more intimate feel as now it has more of a mass-market kitchen feel to it. We were greeted when we walked in and quickly asked how they could help us.Help me? The only way one can help me in a bakery is by kindly pointing me in the direction of the door so I don't inhale the entire place.
5	I completely forgot how awesome Batch was until a recent trip back to Madison.  I was pleased that they finally relocated to the bigger storefront, which to me meant that they'd likely have more goodies to offer.  I was not disappointed.  I've had numerous great items in the past from Batch, from their baguettes to the popular monkey bread.  One of my favorite pastries since I was a kid was the "morning bun."  I was like a little kid in a candy store when I saw that Batch had one of their own on my recent stop.  As what Corey D woul say, "son of a batch!"  This big buttery ball of goodness topped with gooey caramel may have been one of the best morning buns I had ever eaten........believe me, I've eaten many.  This one may actually rival Simma's in Milwaukee.  This alone would warrant 10 stars, but damn Yelp only allows five!  I need to try one of their savory offerings and a loaf of challah the next time I'm in town!
5	I always wondered where Batch Bakehouse was located on Willy Street, and after it moved opposite of Ha Long Bay and right next to ace hardware, I finally visited it! Such a convenient location!! Very simple storefront and you can see all the hardworking employees making fresh bread at the back! Love the focaccia and bacon cheddar biscuits!!! And DON'T miss out the shortbreads in the fridge. They take credit card now! And there's also some bar seats and the patio when its warmer :) Remember come early! Or call to reserve your favorite bread. Else, you won't get your loves.
5	The storefront is easy to miss because it looks like part of the window repair shop (?) next door, but we all know that this is the one place on Willy Street that you do NOT want to pass over!  To these folks, baking is an art form - one that they have mastered beautifully.I grabbed a ham&gruyere croissant and a scone (lemon-ginger, I think). I chose the croissant per the recommendation of the girl behind the counter. She mentioned that the head baker had trained in Paris, and since she led with that...I kinda HAD to try a croissant. The croissant is a good effort, but still a far cry from the ones I fell in love with in Paris. The flakiness of the baked dough isn't quite there, but the ham&gruyere filling is a nice touch. Of the two treats that I picked up, the scone was the clear winner. The candied ginger pieces provided a nice overtone and really complemented the citrus-y flavor of the pastry (it is actually filled with a citrus jam - a nice surprise when I cut the scone open!).The ginger also helped to cut the overall sweetness of the scone with a spicy zing. A wonderful, wonderful combination! :9Batch is truly a must-visit if you are on the east side of town! I can't wait to sample more of their goodies!!Tip: I wasn't looking for anything in particular when I stopped by, but if you are looking for a particular type of bread, check out their daily bread schedule online before you head in!
5	Batch supplied the mini-pies for our wedding (we decided to go with pies instead of cake), and did an amazing job. Very easy to work with, and very tasty baked creations. Trust me, they were a huge hit...
2	I am not impressed and quite frankly I think this place is overrated. Yes, for local standards their bread is better than the usual horrors of American bread. That said, the bread is not great.I bought a baguette at Batch Bakehouse on a Saturday morning, by 3 pm it was hard and stale. This tells me that the bread was either already a day old when I bought it, or they don't know what they are doing. I spent the better part of my life in Europe and believe me, fresh bread does not behave like this. The brownies they sell are way too sweet and the croissants are just meh. While I am willing to pay $$$ for good bread and baked items, I don't think that their quality and price match.
4	This was our first visit.  They have a large variety of items and a nice little area to eat outdoors.  We tried several different items and all agreed that the Vanilla Swirl was the best.  The items are about $3.00 a piece.
5	A little batch of heaven right here on Willy StreetOver the years, I've never really had a go to bakery in Madison.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the doughnuts from Greenbush, the morning buns from Manna (and before that from Oven of Brittany) and cupcakes from Bloom.  But I never had a place to go to get a wide variety of consistently delicious sweet and savory baked goods until Batch Bakehouse swept me off my feet.Things I love: * the vanilla swirl croissant a.k.a. the pastry orgasm.  One bite into the flaky exterior and your eyes will roll back into your head and the satisfied moans of contentment commence. * the salted caramel brownie (see vanilla swirl description) * the passion of the staff members:  I'm always warmly greeted when I walk into the store.  At the old location, they always gave my daughter a free pasty if we showed up around closing time.  Several of my favorite baking classes at Orange Tree Imports were taught by Batch employees.  (If you want to seriously improve your game as a bread baker, sign up for these classes ASAP, don't delay!)  These folks love what they do and it shines through with every item you see in the display. * the freakishly incredible variety of pastries.  Check out the website for a list of what they sell.  Just have a napkin ready to sop up the inevitable drooling that will commence once you start reading that list.Things I don't: * OK, the only thing I can come up with is that I would become more ginormous than Jabba the Hutt if I ate everything that looked good every time I shopped at Batch.  I probably do work out a little harder on days I go to Batch just so I can add an extra item to my shopping list.Giving Batch Bakehouse a five star rating was an absolute no brainer.
4	10/5/13 My wife and I stopped at Batch Bakehouse.  It's been in business for 4 years.  Why oh why was my first visit the day we were moving to Waukesha?!?!  They have good coffee, nice bread, and delicious baked sweets.  I highly recommend something I think they call the chocolate corkscrew.
5	Absolutely fantastic. Even if everything behind the glass does not appeal to you, it is all done with care and professionalism. Susan Detering is not only highly qualified in technique across different regions of the country, pressure systems, how they affect dough, what types of dough need more or less kneading, etc...but she is a genuinely nice person who is heavily invested in her community and product. I had the ham and gruyere croissant and bought a pain au chocolate for later. Great quality and flavor. Do yourself a favor and go early while everything is warm!
1	I'm going to give helpful instructions to the Counter Help.  If there are two customers waiting for help, and there are three of you behind the counter, and one goes to help the first customer, then one of the remaining two should assist the remaining customer.  You should not be standing behind the counter talking.  I don't care how compelling the story is you are listening to, or telling, you are in a retail bakery;  you have a customer waiting:  WAIT ON THEM.  Is that really so hard?  And doing a "yoo-hoo!!" at me after I turn to leave in disgust?  Sorry, you've already lost the sale.  Try to preserve some of your dignity.The chocolate croissant and ginger cookie I bought down the street, after leaving, at Madison Sourdough were delicious.  (I really do think Madison Sourdough has the best ginger/molasses cookie in town)My co-worker (Hi Monica!) loves your food.  I guess you wait on her.
5	I love stopping at Batch for cookies especially. Every time, I buy a varying assortment of cookies for everyone in my party, and then I make sure I get a chocolate karova. Sorry, everyone else, but that's the best (and maybe someday I'll learn and JUST buy chocolate karovas for everyone!). Honestly, everything I've tried has been delicious, but even if only the chocolate karovas were the same and everything else was horrible, I would still give it 5 stars.  Those little nuggets of chocolatey goodness are that good.
4	Not sure if there's something in the water along Willy Street, but with MSD and Batch both making incredible breads within a mile of one another, I can't help but wonder... Located in the building formerly occupied by Cronometro; still has the carbon fiber down tube door handle/pull. Love it. + Excellent selection of quality breads, many available as large/small+ Get the tomato fougasse+ So many pastries... all are perfectly balanced with sweetness/flavor+ Friendly staff+ Very reasonable prices - a fougasse and baguette (large) was $6.25+ Great hours - open longer on Saturday than MSD+ Parking behind the building
5	Took a bite of the onion rye bread. I felt happy. The simple pleasures in life!
5	Batch.Batch of cookies.Batch of brownies.Batch of croissants.Batch of pies.Rest assured they've got a batch of something you want.Even if you enter the shop with no idea what you want, something will peak your interest. Scratch that. Evvvverything will peak your interest. Oh boy.Some of my personal favorites:Salted caramel brownieRum ballVanilla swirl (cue-the-deer good)Vanilla honey almond chocolate tartCROISSANTSSSSSoooo basically everything I've ever gotten from there makes my personal favorites list. Yup.
4	This breadhead likes.While I haven't been in the new digs yet, I manage to find a little batch all around me. Co-workers bringing in sweet treats, at Alchemy when I can't resist the daily pate or in the Willy Street bakery department. I gave the monkey bread a whirl this New Year... and holy tastebud swoon.. I seriously contemplating telling you all about this. I am a bit afraid to let the cat out of the bag on that one.Please be sure to leave some for me. Pretty please.
5	Their Vanilla swirl can never go wrong!!!! It's always my ultimate goal for visiting this place. I also tried their croissant, which is another goodie. I'll make more trips to this place so I can try many more which I'm sure will never fail my expectations!The service is very good. They respond attentively and give us enough time to look around without giving any pressure.
4	Let me ask you this, Bakehouse: Do you WANT me to get the sugar diabetes and have to take insulin and get my legs amputated and shit? Rude. Your beautiful treats are going to kill me. You and your fucking scones. WHY!? Just when I think I'm out of the woods I spot a gorgeous ham and gruyere croissant and start having impure thoughts about it.  Have you ever considered that there might be kids walking by and they might see all of your pies and galettes? Think of the children!  You'll be hearing from my lawyer.lolololjkluvudoe
5	Batch Bakehouse is baking with magic I think... Corey D took me here as the last stop in Madison before I hopped on a plane back to Denver. I saw a dark chocolate and peanut butter loaf that I absolutely knew Sir Nicholas would love so I decided to purchase it and take it home with me. I carted a box of baked goods through security, stepped onto the plane and gingerly places it in the overhead (I was sitting in the first row, otherwise I would have put it under my seat.) Through all of this travel the loaf remained in perfect condition. I brought it home to Sir Nicholas and Little Man E would both took bites and make various sounds of approval. In Nick's case it was something like, "man, this is sooo good!" while Ephraim took a bite, giggled maniacally and took off down the hallway with as big a piece as he could hold. Trust me, after my bite I understood the desire to hoard it all for himself.And even after leaving it out overnight (still in the box, but otherwise unprotected, this cake remained soft, moist, and delicious.I also shared a chocolate/chocolate cookie with Corey that was mouthwatering and a piece of lemon cake that was perfect. I am very lucky that Batch is in Madison and not Denver. Otherwise I'd never be able to control my sweet tooth again!
5	Exceptional baked goods and an even better variety. If you're looking for something sweet or something savory, they normally have you covered. The ham and gruyere croissant is my favorite, but I haven't tried anything that I would not have again. Coffee is generally good - intelligentsia brewed drip coffee. Prices are on the high side for baked goods, but they are matched by the quality. My only bone to pick, and this is a small one, is that they have a $5 minimum purchase for credit cards. It's a little counter intuitive, as they use a Square card reader, and Square charges a flat 2.75% no matter the purchase amount. All that said, it's not hard to spend more than five bucks there, but if you're stopping by after work to get just a baguette and you don't have cash, be prepared.
5	Everything I've tried here has been wonderful, whether savory or sweet. Everyone working there is warm, kind, and efficient in my experience. What really makes everything shine is the perfection in the pastry. That said, the not-so-plain ham and gruyere croissant is one of my favorite breakfasts ever. Good coffee too.
5	Best pastry in Madison -- always fresh, lots of options.  Nice staff with great  recommendations.  Bread is outstanding, but like Madison Sourdough a little better.   Park at Wiley Street Coop and walk down or park around the corner.   Also did not like the $5 minimum on the credit card -- don't get that?   Also wish they can do some classes on pastry.Overall, love this place!
5	They have a pastry called the crostada and it is delicious. It's like a breakfast casserole in a pie shell and probably very caloric but also very delicious. They have a huge spread of breakfast pastries and are famous for their croissants. They also have coffee. Great place to start your morning, especially in the summer where you can take advantage of their sidewalk tables.
5	I have been going to batch bake house first opened in its old location and have never been disappointed. The Fougasse (my favorite) is to die for and the vanilla swirl is deliciously sweet and rich. The atmosphere is beautiful and sunny and the staff is very friendly. Some of the best baked goods I have ever tasted!
5	YUM!!!  It's simple...go.  Your welcome.
1	I am not impressed and quite frankly I think their baguettes are overpriced and overrated.  For local standards their bread is better than the horrors of American store-bought bread.  I bought two baguette loaves at Willy Street Coop on Thursday evening.  By Friday morning the baguettes were hard. This tells me that the bread was either already a day old when I bought it, or they don't know what they are doing. I spent three years in Germany and toured around Europe.  Fresh baguettes do not behave like this.  Batch Backhouse cannot match Madison Sourdough or Clausen's.  The Baguette had large holes; it didn't really taste like anything. I would think it hadn't been given enough time to rest and develop flavor through longer fermentation, or like they hadn't started with a great yeast starter.  Don't forget to bring lots of cash.  These people will rob you blind and will not pay their suppliers a fair price for their inputs.The product at Willy Street cost $2.75 per loaf.  The Batch Store charges $3.75 per loaf.  Madison Sourdough is $3.50 per loaf and it looks larger.  It is also sourdough, which is much better than what Batch offered.  The girl at Batch said they only use the finest ingredients, (produced by Norwegian bachelor farmers).  I asked her what the farmers got for a bushel of wheat, and she didn't know, and I told her I thought Batch was making very rich profits.  I asked her if she knew the cost to make a loaf vs. the sales price.  She didn't know the cost to produce a loaf.In conclusion, The Baguettes of Batch are not good at all - Suggest one buys their breads at Madison Sourdough - Much, much better product at a cheaper price.  I will not buy Batch products again
5	I am a bread freak, and this is the best bread on the east side. Maybe all of Madison. Perhaps the entire state. The croissants are divine. And if you want something not-quite-so-fattening-er-decadent, the apple cake is a splendid little thing to try.
4	Items Selected:Carrot Cake Cupcake with Cream Cheese FrostingBourbon Pecan and Salted Caramel DanishStrawberries and Cream ButtercakeMonkey BreadAlmond CroissantLocated at 1402 Williamson Street and as such a logical follow-up to breakfast at Lazy Janes it was a short walk in the sun to Batch Bakehouse and with a selection of pastries even more sizable than the place I'd just been it was with much hemming-and-hawing that selections were made, another five pastries joining leftovers from Lazy Janes in a smorgasbord of sweets to be consumed throughout the course of the day.  Trending far more artisan than its nearby neighbor with French techniques infusing classics from the American cookbook and the bakers themselves acting as servers it was only after several questions that I eventually settled on an order far smaller than I should have liked and beginning my tasting at the small countertop with a moist carrot cake topped in tangy cream cheese I knew right away that none of this one was leaving the store - a similar sentiment shared by later samples, though each was indeed eaten only in part with the rest saved for a later day snack.  Moving from cupcake to the only item that would prove the least bit dull, suffice it to say that monkey bread is found better elsewhere, but moving on to arching layers not the least bit burdened by frangipane beneath a shattering shell I'd be really surprised if a better almond croissant can be found in town.  Admittedly a bit sugar-saturated at this point it was onward to the dense butter cake that I progressed and, although enthusiasts from the Show Me State may claim the rounded muffin to be unauthentic, the creamy texture was divine - a similar superlative soon to be lavished on the buttery Danish with flavors both savory and sweet to spare, a light smokiness from the baked bourbon tickling the palate as candied pecans crunched with each bite.
5	Bakery heaven.After hearing so many raving reviews about this place I decided on a Sunday afternoon that I had to make the trek to Willy St. to try it out. And whoa, yeah it's that good.I only tried the Ham and Gruyere Croissant and the Cranberry Walnut Scone with Orange Glaze but holy crap. There was so much filling in that croissant! Probably the biggest and most tasty one I've ever had. The ham was so yummy (saw it was from Jordandal - yay!). The perfect amount of ham and cheese made for a delicious snack. I ate the scone the next morning for breakfast and it was still moist and delicious. I may just have to make this a new weekend routine.
4	I am putting this out there:  I feel like I am totally out of place by only rating them a 4/5.  This could be because I have only tried two things...so far.I walk in to expect a super overwhelming, packed store.  It was not.  Point for Batch.I did not expect the amount of variety in absolutely everything.  I read the reviews so I thought I was prepared. Man.  I had to walk by about 5 times to officially decide and determine my order.  I finally decided on the apple pie ($3.75) and the caramelized onion focaccia ($4?).  I ate the pie in my car...I could not wait to take it home.The pie was full of cinnamon, a denser crust and lots of apples.  It tasted ok.  It tasted like a pie.  I think I was so hyped that I expected the pie beyond pies.  I am glad to know another place where I can get pie but it also makes it very tempting to try and perfect my own apple pie and save almost $4.00.  Again, do not get me wrong, it is a good pie but was not OMG good.The focaccia was good.  That one did make it home and the sig. other actually enjoyed it and he is picky.  I like onions.  I think a cheese on top would have made it Super Duper focaccia but at that point does that still mean it is focaccia or closer to a sandwich?  Either way, it was good.I will for sure be going back to try the endless supply of goodies.  I am still in search of my OMG pie but this pie would do for a good eat.
4	This review is for one item. .. The Vanilla Swirl! Let's call it the traveling vanilla swirl.  This thing. ..*pauses for a drop breath* is everything I could have asked for and more. Its soft it's flavorful... it's puts plain croissants to shame. I purchased two and they are very filling so I was barely able to finish one. The next day I put the second swirl in the oven and continued my affair with this lovely lovely carbohydrate.  I am biased because I love all things vanilla and the only thing that was missing for me was a light caramel drizzle because I love all things caramel and vanilla even more.
5	I've only been to Batch a couple of times, but everything I've ever gotten has been fan.tas.tic. I just finished their ham and Gruyere croissant, which is rich, savory, buttery...everything it's supposed to be. The lemon baby cake has this wonderful sugar glaze on it, and the cake itself is moist and citrus-y. Their strawberry cupcakes have this frosting that tastes like fresh berries...Even their coffee is pretty dang good!Stop reading. Just go. Now.
3	Alright, so this is a tough review for me to write.  I have only had a couple of things and I just do not think it lived up to their reviews and reputation.I had the glazed butter cake with blueberries. The center was so soggy from too many blueberries. And the little blueberry seeds made the pastry difficult to chew.  I actually scooped out the center and the rest of the cake was delicious!The salted caramel brownie was ok. It did not have a great balance between the chocolate and the salted caramel.  Maybe I am trying the wrong things but nothing stood out to me.  I will probably go back because they have SO much to try.
4	I'm anxious to try more from Batch. I have a feeling my rating will be 5 stars once I do. Their stuffed brioche rolls are quite good if you're into savory things. They also make the best apple cake in the world, which you can purchase at the Willy Streep Co-op (West, not sure if they have them at the East location). If anything, you must try that.Excited to try more.
5	I have heard raving reviews about Batch. On my boss' wedding, his family literally catered the entire Batch Bakehouse collection for the guests, ranging from muffins to brownies to pound cakes to cookies and everything else you can imagine. So needless to say I had the opportunity to try out the shop in a week with all the leftovers he brought in for work. Super cool!!!And then after that I can't stop and found myself going back on a regular basis to get their pastries and cakes. I like their system of calling in to ask if they have your favorite item on your craving list. And they will happily reserve items for you until you stop in to get them later in the day. Because I love their lemon pound cakes to much I will call in before stopping by, especially since I live in the west and stopping by would mean making a pretty long drive way out east. But I have no qualms about it. As I find myself handsomely rewarded with my cravings. Batch staff are really polite and didn't pester us when we take forever to make up our minds what we wanted. Because to be honest I would want everything if I could. Which is why it always took me so long to decide whether I want to go for something new or to stick with my usual favs. They also bake fresh from scratch daily so everything is fresh out of the oven! *yum yum*
5	The croissants here are really delicious. I would compare them to the famed croissants of Tartine in SF. Also good: their coffee cake, their morning buns, every pastry they make is very good. The fact that they have savory croissants is a huge plus. I also like that there are always samples to try when you are trying to decide what to bring home. I recommend this place to everyone I know who visits and they are always impressed.I get the sense that the baked goods here have high turnover, since nothing in the cases looks older than that morning, and you can see people baking to keep up with the demand in the back behind the counter. You can get their breads in the Willy St Coop but I recommend going to Batch for the freshest loaf.
4	Great treats and a beautiful display.
5	This place is the best bakery in Madison!! People are friendly, they have a nice outside space when it's warmer outside and of course the baked treats are amazing. They have sweet and savory choices for whatever your mood! I love it!!
