4	George and Sons recently opened in the Deer Valley Towne Center. What makes George and Sons different from other Chinese Restaurants in the area is George and his staff. He is a Showman and Master with communication and Service. He was very particular on the way we were served. He checked on the favors and spice of our dishes and said if you want something more or less spicy tell me and I will change it. If you want anything different from what I did you tell me and I will do that. You can't ask for much more than that. They offer mostly Chinese Dishes but do offer other Asian such as Thai.The atmosphere is more upscale than other Chinese Places in this area with a Zen like Fountain and attractive modern decor. They feature a full bar but it looks like this location doesn't have a buffet. Also there is no mention of this location on their website.We ordered one lunch plate and one regular entree. They started us both out with small regular salads tossed with a very thin white dressing.I soon received my Spicy Thai Basil Chicken. Upon receiving it I thought it was lacking basil but when I tasted the chicken I found it was infused with the right amount of basil flavor so it was good and the chicken was moist. The spice level was good and not too much but also not too little.  This lunch plate came with generous scoops of steamed rice and a scoop of very tasty lo mein noodles not to mention a crab puff and also a vegetable spring roll. My husband tried the Spicy Beef. It was beef in a Szechuan Sauce with a few vegetables. I thought the beef was good and tender. For me the sauce ran a little salty but was OK.3.5 Stars Rounded up for very good Service and a very nice addition to the area.
4	Had take out from here tonight and we were very happy. Food was delicious and prices were comparable to other places. Have been to the restaurant on Via Linda and I am so happy there is now a George & Sons in North Phoenix.  The Tres Amigos and Orange Chicken was awesome!
5	This is definitely my new favorite Chinese restaurant! First off, they don't use MSG or preservatives - this is rare for a Chinese food restaurant, let alone an inexpensive one. Secondly,  the food was outstanding and the presentation was impeccable. Last but not least, the owner and staff were amazingly attentive throughout our entire visit. I cannot say enough great things about this place!
4	The unique decor and friendly staff are only the beginning to our great lunch experience. My friend and I work nearby and only have an hour to eat and get back. The lunch service was fast enough that we didn't have to rush.Their lunch specials are great. The portions are decent and the variety of choices is remarkable. Lunch is served with a small salad, rice, lo mein, spring roll, crab puff, and a generous portion of the main item all for a crazy good price.Our server was attentive and helpful with menu items and offered suggestions and alternatives.This will go on my list of regular places to visit for lunch.
5	I love the cuisine in the original George & Son restaurant in Scottsdale, so I decided to check this newly-opened branch in north Phoenix. It is conveniently located in the Deer Valley Towne Square shopping complex along the 101, flanked by 27th Avenue and 31st Avenue; the restaurant is closer to the 31st Avenue end. The interior of the restaurant is spacious, with modern decor, and has a full bar. And you'll be hard-pressed to find friendlier staff anywhere! The menu offers familiar Chinese restaurant items and the food is prepared in the same delicious flavoring style and with similar friendly prices as the original restaurant along Via Linda in Scottsdale. I'm glad they opened this branch since I often come to this area for movies at the AMC in the complex and for shopping in the nearby Costco, and now have a really decent place to eat and relax during such trips.
4	This is my new favorite place!  Drove by there yesterday at noon and saw their sign for lunch specials $7.95.  I didn't have time to stop but talked the family into trying it for dinner last night.  We are hooked!  We started off with the potstickers.  Let me just say that these are the closest things to PF Changs potstickers, which are my favorite!  For dinner we tried a few different things .. The house lo-mein with shrimp, chicken, pork, and veggies.  Delicious .. the sauce was perfect and the meat was cooked perfectly.  Sun Devil chicken .. not many places have this dish, so when we find it we always try it.  This is by far the best we've ever had!  We asked the waitress, who was very friendly and helpful by the way .. what she would recommend for the kids.  She said the Miona's chicken was a favorite.  Now it's a favorite of ours!  Lightly breaded chicken with a sweet and sour type sauce.  We will definitely be back!  Fresh food, all made in-house, no pre-made food.  Super friendly staff, and very clean!
5	Quality ingredients and amazing flavors! 2 great locations... I would frequent the Scottsdale location and that was always delicious. Having a G&S right by my house could get dangerous :) Great service too!
5	This place was a pleasant surprise!  I went for lunch on a weekday.  The service was unheard of - absolutely excellent.  I had half a dozen people waiting on my every need.  The food came out quickly - hot and delicious.  I had the Dragon & Phoenix (chicken and shrimp). Their unsweetened Chinese iced tea doesn't even need sugar.  I had originally planned on just having a sandwich at Subway, but the line was out the door.  I gave George & Son a try, and I foresee many future lunches there.
2	They're directly across from giant office buildings from which large groups of lunchseekers emanate. Is "lunchseekers" a word? I guess it is now.Anyway, our group of 10 was seated quickly, then not much happened. Then we got beverages. My friend got a glass of water all over his shirt. The server accidentally dropped it on him. The glass shattered on the floor. It was ok: accidents happen and it was a hot day anyway. The wet polo shirt provided a cooling effect. So, we waited a while longer. Too long, really. Food started coming out from the kitchen. The servers didn't know who ordered what. It's ok. It happens. Really.It was standard Chinese lunch fare. Nothing really good or bad. It's ok. It happens. Really.Started to notice people at other tables waiting for food or drinks or checks. It's ok. It happens. Really.They gave us the wrong check at the end. It's ok. It happens. Really.We waited about 15 minutes for a revised check to appear. It's ok. It happens. Really.Our lunch hour turned into a lunch hour and a half. It's ok. It happens. Really.And to be honest, I told the hostess that my friend with the wet shirt shouldn't be asked to pay for his lunch, and she agreed he didn't. The manager might have been upset about this, but. . . It's ok. It happens. Really.
5	The food was great and they provided me excellent service. A side note is that i had the mionas special chicken and general yan chicken. Super tasty and price is right for the lunch combo.
4	Stopped in here for lunch today. The hostess was friendly and welcoming. The servers were friendly, prompt and well informed of the menu. I got the Thai basil chicken. It was all white meat, delicious and a very good portion (have to take home half). The spring roll was tasty as well. I'll definitely be back.
3	OK, Bamboo grill or whatever is GONE... good riddens,, So, i tried this new place ,, ha hemm,, please upate your address on yelp,, it is kind of important,,,Service A+  , was asked if everything was ok, and it was.. Salad, decent, Egg Roll made with the spring roll wrapper the thin ones like Lumpia... ok, not great,, add some meat... Mongolion beef: decent flavors,, meat was very tender and decent cut of meat and very edible.. not the best, but better than average,,I will be back...
4	Received a flyer in the mail yesterday and, after reading the reviews for both locations, decided to give them a try for dinner.I went in about 8:30 and I was surprised to find the restaurant empty. That could have been due to the fact it was the middle of the week and only an hour prior to closing. The decor was rather dark, but appeared to be nice. Quite truthfully, I did not take the opportunity to scrutinize it since I was not planning on eating in.I was immediately assisted by a young girl who was friendly and quite helpful. I decided to order my old standby - Mongolian Beef. This is my go-to dish and I have probably have had it at every Chinese restaurant within a five mile radius from my home. And, no, they are certainly not all the same. With the closure of Pick Up Stix, I have been severely disappointed in the lack of choices. And, yes, I am aware that Pick Up Stix is not "real" Chinese, but my family did enjoy many of the dishes they offered and it was rather affordable for a family in comparison to PF Chang or even Pei Wei.I received my order in about five minutes. It smelled delish and I could not wait to get home to try it.First things first, I was blown away how tender the meat was. A melt-in-your-mouth tender. I was impressed. I had asked for "extra" brown sauce with mine as I love how it mixes with the rice. I was not disappointed. Lots of juicy brown sauce. To note, unlike other restaurants that typically make their Mongolian Beef spicy, this was not though I am sure they would accommodate upon request. It was flavorful and it had almost a subtle sweetness to it. Honestly, I am having difficulty putting it into words, but suffice it to say I practically licked my bowl clean! At almost $12 for the Mongolian Beef dinner the price is a bit higher than other local Chinese restaurants, but I think I can overlook that based on the cut and tenderness of the meat alone. Plus I was able to get several meals out the serving.I will most certainly be returning. In fact, I am practically drooling as I sit here typing. Four stars from me. Why not five? Well, we can all strive to better. Though my experience was a positive one, I am hoping it is not just a honeymoon phase. So more visits are in order... yum!
1	Do not take your toddler here. We love Asian food and wanted to try this place very badly. I got the citrus chicken which was okay and my wife got the sesame chicken which was bland. They did bring us out a sample of their Miona chicken which was very good. The strange part was my 20 month old daughter was fascinated by the waterfall display and wanted to check it out next thing you know they are giving us a togo menu saying our daughter cant sit still and next time we should order to go ? It was the strangest thing we have experience at a restaurant with our daughter. THREE times they told us to order TO GO next time. We felt that our daughter who was well behaved was not wanted in the restaurant. After this experience and the so so food we will not be back.
5	I normally hate Asian fusion restaurants since they tamper with too many flavors from too many countries and fail. But this place does all the fundamentals perfectly. Great flavors and enough heat. If you're looking for a good sit down Asian restaurant..which is difficult nowadays for some reason, then give George and Sons a try.
5	Awesome good always here! Congrats George on your 2nd restuarant!  I love your house fried rice! Super quality food as always, great meats and done correctly!George 7.95 six item combo is great deal !Super nice new spot with great bar and super personable folks here! Try George's buffet at his other restuarant too, you love it too and the food is higherst of quality there!
5	First time ever here tonight and it was absolutely amazing! Had the sesame chicken and chicken egg foo young and would definitely recommend it. I will be back :)
2	I went to this place after reviewing some of the posted reviews.  I love chinese food and have tried many places.  This place was OK, nothing great or better than some of the places I've been too.  The decor and atmosphere were nice but the food was bland for my taste.  I will stay with my other chinese places.Thanks
5	Great food! I've been to this restaurant twice and have had nothing but great food. The first time I went, I ordered Mongolian beef, which is what I usually order from Chinese restaurants. This is the best Mongolian beef I've tasted so far. Even the samples we got were delicious. My husband and I went here for dinner today and I tried their chicken with mushrooms dish. That was great but we got to sample their Kung pao chicken and thought that was even better. Now I know what to get on my next visit. I highly recommend this restaurant not only because of the great food, but also because of the great service.
5	Food was good: citrus chicken & chicken chow mein both had good flavor n fresh.  From kitchen straight to dinner table nice fresh n hot no time to get cool.  Servers were friendly and kind.
4	We ordered for take out.. it was pretty good and comparable to some other places we have tried.  They have some interesting takes on Chinese so I would recommend if you are looking for something kinda different..
5	My husband and I live on 55th avenue and Happy Valley. We used to drive all the way to the location on Via Linda just to eat here. I'm so excited they opened the new location in Deer Valley. We frequently eat here and the food never disappoints. The prices are great for the quality and quantity of food. The calamari appetizer is one of our favorites. We won't eat anywhere else when it comes to Asian food. We are definitely lifelong customers.
5	We love this place.  The service is great, very friendly.  My preference leans toward the spicier dishes.  I personally find some of the less spicy dishes to be a little bland, but they do taste good.  The Tom Yum soup is absolutely amazing.  It's spicy enough to make your nose run, and if it was all they served, I'd go there just for the soup.  We get an order of it to go for the next day.
5	Awesome food, not a bad price. My new local asian food place!
5	Hands down the BEST chinese food I've ever had, along with excellent service.We started with the calamari, and were just blown away. These are not the sad little rings you see most places, oh no, these little beauties are 3-4 inches long, as thick as your thumb- and are cooked to perfection. No rubberiness here! Hubby got thai basil chicken. Beautifully flavored in a rich, spicy sauce, with chicken so mouthwateringly tender it could be cut with a spoon.I got the tres amigos, which is served fajita style on a cast iron skillet. Same mouthwateringly succulent chicken, but with equally tender shrimp and beef tossed with snowpeas, baby corn, carrots, and a few other veggies in a rich brown sauce.While we were eating, the owner's wife came over and asked how we were liking everything, and asked if we'd like to try a sample of general yang's chicken. Of course we said yes! A few minutes later, we experenced the culinary masterpiece that is yang's. Same super tender chicken with extremely light breading- just enough that you get a lovely crunch as you bite down, and covered in szechwan sauce.Everything was perfect, and we are going back tonight for more!
5	This spot was great. The food was fresh and just what we wanted. The service was very prompt and friendly. The prices were good and it's a cute atmosphere. This will be our go to restaurant for Chinese.
3	Mediocre at best. The only reason I gave it 3 stars was the service was great, actually it was almost too good. I'm pretty sure our server was the owner. She came to our table no less than 5 times to see if everything was good.  I got some kind of chicken dish lunch special and it had a fishy taste to it......ambiance is nice, the food is only so-so. I definitely won't be back.
5	Excellent food and great atmosphere.  The owners treat you like family.  Love the happy hour
5	The north valley has little to offer for Chinese food. Husband & I found this place after visiting a family member at JCL Hospital.  We've been back there two more times  in just over a week.  All 3 times I was very happy with the food. Their happen hour menu is extensive & very affordable.  We're already planning what to get on our next visit.
5	This used to be a Bamboo Grille and then it was something else I think?  Now it's a really good Chinese food restaurant.  I get the Sun Devil Chicken (At least I think that's what it's called?) and the wife gets this fried coconut glazed shrimp stuff, they are both out of control!  Abacus Inn also has a Sun Devil Chicken but I don't think it's quite as good.  Very happy this place moved in near home.
5	Had great meal Thursday 23 Jan, had 5 people and a nice selection of menu items all were great, Walnut Shrimp along with Crab puffs above average. Service was very timely.
5	I don't write reviews but my excellent experience inspired me to this time. Friendliest staff ever. Great food, good prices. Restaurant interior is very well done,  doesn't feel cheap but doesn't feel too fancy either. I was extremely comfortable the entire time due to ambiance and hospitality. The food was much higher quality than average Chinese. Blown away
1	We diecided to try this place. We dned in. We had orange chicken and citrus chicken. Both were mediocre. Large portions.. Price was high but enough food for two or three people. We had to order spring rolls and crab puffs as a side order. No egg rolls. No smiles on any of the employees. Then they started boxing up our food before we were even finished . No thank you for coming... we will stick to our regular place which provides an egg roll and crab puff with the meal and is still enough food for two at a much better price with friendly service.
5	My husband and I, along with our 8 month old son decided to try out this restaurant this last Sunday. We love Chinese food, but often have bad luck with restaurants around our area. This place is super clean, the prices are very low, and the service is phenomenal and everyone is very personable and friendly. To top it all off, the food is the best Asian cuisine we have yet to have. Even our little one kept asking for more bites. lol.  Definitely one of our new favorite places to eat out at!!!
4	We ate here on lunch last week. VERY good food and excellent service! We ordered the orange chicken and teriyaki chicken lunch specials. You get a ton of food for the price ($8 for lunch special). The orange chicken came out super crispy and the teriyaki chicken was very tender. Will be back again!
5	Sizzling rice soup is amazing!
5	My family has been going to the Scottsdale location for many years and its been our favorite place for Chinese food ever since.  When I discovered that they opened this location in the Northwest Valley my wife and I were really excited. They really do have the best Chinese food!  Kung Pao Beef and Crispy Spicy Pork are delicious! My wife always gets the chicken and vegetable! Lots of food for the money and always fresh and delicious.
5	Awesome Chinese Food!
5	Why is it so dang hard to find a great Chinese place???  Well, I am happy to say that we have finally found it.  It's located right next to the movie theater, and since we never see movies anymore, it took us a long time to stop in.  The next time I have a craving for lo mien noodles or orange chicken with a competitively priced brew, this is the place you will find me.  The service staff is very attentive and friendly.  The only small, minute thing that bugged me was the white butcher paper they lay on the tables.  It was cut so long that whenever I put my hands in my lap I got a paper cut!  Oops!
4	Finally tried this place after waking past it many times. It was very good. Fresh. Good service. Fast for lunch. I'll be back.
4	Pros:Clean restaurant. Great food. Friendly staff.Close to home. Con:No delivery...but worth the drive.
5	I work nearby on Happy Valley Road and often go to George and Sons for their amazing lunch specials. They have a great lunch which beats out any chinese restaurant nearby (Even that overpriced bland PF Changs!) The food was high quality, filling, and a step above other places. This is my favorite Chinese Food Place in the North Valley. My favorite is the Sun Devil Chicken! The owners George and Miona are always so personable with all of their customers and make sure you enjoy your lunch. It also has a really relaxing, roomy atmosphere and they have a huge Bar and TV's to watch ESPN/Sports too. The decor inside reminds me of my experience at "Tao" in Las Vegas, completely relaxing and special. I have lunch here 1-2 times a week with my coworkers.
5	The owner of this restaurant practically dragged us in off the street .. but we are so glad she did!  The food was great!  I haven't had Chinese food this fresh and tasty in a long time!  This restaurant will definitely be on our list the next time we're in town!
5	In my opinion one if the best Chinese restaurants in phoenix and the service is always good.
5	Wow, really impressed!  Stopped by for lunch today 6/1/14 (which is a Saturday).  Got there around 12:30 pm and the place wasn't too busy.  I was seated right away and looked over the menu.First of all, the staff here is super friendly.  Every person I encountered, was really nice and had a smile on their face.  That is pretty rare.  Usually, one person (your server) might be nice but that of course is because they are working for tips.  In this case, everyone seemed eager to assist me from the beginning to the end of my dining experience.Secondly, they offer lunch specials, even on weekends which I thought was amazing.  Usually, lunch specials are reserved for weekdays only but not here.  $7.95 got me my main entree (firecracker pork), a small salad, crab puff, eggroll, lo mein, and white rice.  The food was excellent and I was really impressed with the quality and quantity, especially considering the very inexpensive price.I will definitely go back when I'm in the area again, which should be soon since I am only 5 miles north or so of this restaurant.
5	Went to George and Sons today at around 1:45 for lunch.  The lunch special was really nice.  You could choose an entree and each entree came with white rice, lo mien noodles, a crab puff and a spring roll.  Everything was very hot and delicious.  They asked how spicy you wanted your entree, it was great!  The service was really great too.  There were many servers waiting on us and all were very friendly.  Can't wait to go back again!
5	On a rare break from work, hubby and I stopped in here after taking in a morning movie,  and boy, am I ever glad!!!The soft grays and muted reds with a stunning, gorgeous art wall set the tone --- beautiful!!!Hubby ordered Beef and Broccoli,  I got Orange Chicken, all from the Lunch Menu. Wow!! Hot rice,  hot chow mein, hot crab puff, hot veggie roll and hot Orange Chicken!!! Notice a patten here??? At other Oriental Places,  I usually very WARM. This was delightfu!!! Plus, all tasted wonderful!!! Orange Chicken had just a hint of spice, which was perfect for me. Hubby's was spiced as he requested and not over the top.Everything on our plates was delicious. We will be retuning!!!
5	Excellent food. Prompt service. If you ask for tea, it's not your typical black leaf. It's a green tea fusion that is awesome! The Gramma Salad is terrific: light and spicy. Definitely coming back for more.
5	Love the lunch specials. Very filling and have always had a great flavor. Friendly staff make this place great as well. Our new favorite, but would like to see the TVs removed...don't need that while I'm eating.
4	We came here last night for dinner.  Our appetizer was their crab puffs.  They were okay, but the filling was a little disappointing.  I guess my family was spoiled by Abacus's crab puffs.  It just seemed to be very light in imitation crab, and it was mostly just cream cheese.  It was more of a Cream Cheese Rangoon that you would get from Panda Express.Our main course was Egg Foo Young and Sesame Chicken.  They were both served with a giant bowl of rice for family sharing.  I personally enjoy that because it allows us to taste a lot of everything.  Since my wife is all about that, it is starting to rub off on me.The Egg Foo Young was good.  Personally, I felt it was kind of bland.  It wasn't something I found to be any better or worse than any other restaurant.  My wife enjoyed it, though.  The Sesame Chicken was a little weird.  On the positive, it was giant chicken breast.  The sauce was poured over it at table side.  That was different.  It tasted pretty good, and I do enjoy the larger family dishes to share.  It makes me feel like I get more for my money when we eat there.Overall, they checked on us all the time to make sure we enjoyed it.  I felt very welcome there.  I am only taking off a star because of the crab puff because I cannot do a 4.5 review.  Either way, I enjoy this restaurant, and we will come back down here again.
5	The food was GREAT! The service wonderful. What a great place!
5	Best food ever! Love coming here and the service it great! Highly recommend coming here. They also have a great happy hour!
4	Always clean and friendly. I have had so many good meals here. I love the Kung Pao even though they stubbornly omit the peanuts from the preparation. I love the consistency of the Kung Pao sauce as it has a "gastrique" like quality.  The only reason for the 4 stars is because they dont have a hot and sour soup on the menu, rather they offer an odd cabbage salad (which is tasty) but I would rather have soup in its place.
5	This is my favorite Asian restaurant. I haven't had a bad dish. The service is always welcoming, friendly and fast. Their lunch special can't be beat. I've been a regular here since they opened and I don't plan on stopping any time soon. Love George and Son!!!
3	So my girlfriend and I walked in around 8pm on a Monday night. Needles to say, it was pretty dead; a large party and a 2 top. I'm baffled tht it took the wait staff between 5-10 minutes after we were seated to be greeted. After the initial wait, the rest of our meal was enjoyable, the food came out hot, and u could tell it was fresh from the fryer and hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp. My only negative comments are towards the wait staff; not very friendly and the service was lacking, they were definitely saved by their kitchen
5	The house fried rice is the best I have ever had.the happy hour menu is excellent.spoke to the owner and he was very gracious.please support this restaurant, the food and service are EXCEPTIONAL.
5	This place is awesome!!  A group of us had just finished watching Guardians of the Galaxy at the AMC and were feeling a bit hungry and wanted to visit for a while so we decided to pick somewhere to eat.  We walked past George and Sons and decided to go in.  It was about 9ish at night and there was only 1 other couple in there eating at the time.  We ordered beer, sake, spring rolls, potstickers, and 3 entrees (orange chicken, General Yang's, and a Thai curry shrimp dish)  EVERYTHING was delicious.  You get a ton of food, my hubby and I split the General Yangs and it was plenty for us after having had some popcorn at our movie.  I think out of the three entrees the Orange chicken was actually the best.  Anyway, food was great, service was great, we kept chatting on and on and then realized that they turned off the OPEN sign and were closing at 10.  We felt bad for having stayed so long but we had already told a friend to meet us there and he was about to arrive, we just didn't realize they closed so early for a Saturday night.  They were so nice about it, they kept serving us while they were closing the tills and whatnot.  They gave us more water, beer, and even offered to make our new guest any snacks that he could prepare that wasn't on the stove/oven.  They were fantastic, and happy to keep us happy, they were never acting in a foul mood for us having stayed for so long.  These guys definitely just earned some loyal customers, I'm probably going to want to head over to that movie theater instead of Westgate just so we can eat at George and Sons while we're there.  Needless to say we gave them nice tips for being so polite and thoughtful, and I felt compelled to finally start a Yelp account so that I could write a nice review for them as well.  GO EAT THERE!  If you love Asian food you will not be disappointed!!  I'd give them more stars if they let me!
5	We have found our favorite Chinese food place! The establishment is welcoming. Owner is engaging with customers, he makes you feel welcomed. Our favorite dishes are Citrus Chicken ; which is perfectly crisp, and mouth watering! Spicy Fried Rice, just the right amount of spice and the combined ingredients are amazing with chicken! Kung Pao Beef; another crisp dish that is one of kind! We have visited many locations in search for the crispy beef, and this place has mastered it!
3	The inside is smaller than I expected, but very nicely decorated. Great ambiance.Went on Sunday afternoon and the place was not super busy. We were seated immediately.Our drink order was promptly taken and we did not have to wait very long, which was good because I'm a thirsty feller.We looked at the menu for a minute and ordered.We ordered crab puffs to shareI ordered a thom yum soup and chicken curry lunch special. The lady ordered the citrus chicken lunch special.I was really hungry, and hoped to get the crab puffs and soup right away, and we did. The lunch specials came pretty much immediately after.The crab puffs were on point. Full of yummy filling. The soup was pretty good. I've never had thom yum it with tomatoes in it, and their addition steered the flavor toward familiar american style soup waters. I'm more in favor of the no tomato version though I would order it again. The chicken in the soup was tender and delicious and there was a full scrimp up in there too!The lunch specials were full of food!They had a little spring or egg roll (I don't know which is which), a crab puff, white rice,  noodles, and the main dish.I liked my chicken curry main dish.My girlfriend didn't like the citrus chicken. She told me that "it tastes like Mountain Dew chicken". From wherever she ate it before, She expected it to be light, but it was in a heavy "lemon syrup"I tasted it, and my opinion was that it tasted like the lemon pie filling from those little dollar pies you get from the convenience store.While my review may sound negative, I do want readers to know that I would absolutely go back in a heartbeat. I'm pretty sure George was there telling another table a story about when he started the restaurant, and I can appreciate and support what he's doing. The amount of food we got was a great value, and my GF even said she'd come back with me. The service and value was top notch, and lm looking forward to learning what dishes are my favorite.
4	Today was my first time coming here.  My husband had to work today and I met up with him here for his lunch since it was nearby his office.  Their lunch specials are really a great value.  They bring out this salad consisting of shredded lettuce with a mildly spicy vinaigrette dressing to start with.  I thought it was fine, something to munch on while your waiting.  Husband didn't like it though.I ordered the orange beef and husband had the teriyaki chicken.  The orange beef that I had here was one of the best I've ever had.  Its crispy like a good orange beef should be and the sauce was tangy and not spicy at all, even though the menu indicated that it was.  I was hoping it wasn't spicy and was so glad that it wasn't.The teriyaki chicken was like any other that you can find at any asian place.  It was still very good but nothing out of the ordinary.We had a bad luck of the draw and our order ended up being behind a large party that was there first so service was a little slow.  My husband had to leave early and had me pack up his leftovers to take home because he was running out of time due to the slow service.  I don't know if I can recommend this place with a limited lunch time for work.  If you're just leaving the theatre and have some time for a meal, definitely stop by here and check it out.  I would love to come back and try their dinner or even stop by for lunch again.
4	Really great people working here. Hot & Sour Soup was very good. The sauce that smothered the Mixed Vegetables was too dark in soy for my tastes ... this dish is served in a garlic white sauce in most places, which I prefer. The previously last time i was in was probably 18 months ago but my server remembered me and, since I was alone, sat down in my booth and started chatting me up. Some may be put off by this but she is a dear and I was disappointed to learn she is married!
5	As always, best Chinese restaurant in the valley. I have been to both locations, and it's always amazing! The crab won tons are out of this world, the pot stickers are amazing, and the fried rice will make you want to slap yo mama! The citrus chicken is very good as well.
5	4years living in AZ looking for good Chinese food & I think we found it. First time here and this place is delish and the service is great. Jose was awesome!! The citrus chicken & veggie noodles were my favorite.
5	Great Authentic Chinese food in Phoenix! I'm Cantonese, and always looking for good Chinese food. I ordered, Chow Mein, Beef with rice noodles, and the Walnut Shrimp. My kids and I loved everything. I loved the atmosphere and the service. Our waiter was very helpful and attentive, (which is rare for an Asian restaurant!) I'm definitely coming back here every time I'm in town!
4	A hidden gem. Didn't know about this place until recently. Brought an official guest here for dinner - it was a bit of a risk since I didn't have any prior experience with this place. But was very pleasantly surprised - great and very flavorful food. Didn't really notice the service because we were too engrossed in our discussion. But overall I have nothing but pleasant memories of the evening.
3	Very standard Phoenix Chinese.  Pot stickers were warm and not very hot.  Also the bottoms were crispy.  We shared beef fried rice and orange chicken.  The orange chicken was too sweet and the rice was somewhat mushy.  Ambiance is nice and service was decent, not exceptional but not bad either.  Would I go back probably, but I wouldn't say oh hey let's go to that mediocre average chinese place.
5	In town on business. Great food and service. Loved the pot stickers and all of the Kung Pao items. Give this place a shot!
5	I came because of a recommendation...I was floored by the service and the delicious fare. The portions are generous and the price point is more than fair. When I return to Phoenix, I will make every effort to return to George and Son!
2	Got take out after seeing this place has 4.5 stars on here (with 76 reviews!). Mongolian beef is the dish that I always get in any Chinese restaurant - this was the least good Mongolian beef I ever had; can't say it's bad, just not good, blend... The other dish we got was Miona's special chicken - great seasoning but extremely questionable chicken parts. I expect chicken breast to be used in any stir fry/Chinese food; not only this wasn't chicken breast, it was really hard to even find a "meaty" part - mainly chewiness and skin - pretty much disgusting, I wasn't able to eat it, my husband nibbled at it a bit. Really surprised that they have a 4.5 start rating....
5	Fabulous food and staff.  Very quick service, incredible presentation on the food, great value.  We will be back.  Quan / AKA Becky was efficient and nice as could be.  Thank you
3	Ehhhh the food is mediocre at best. I am surprised that so many of the reviews are so high. Sure the service was pretty good, but the food was meh. I had the citrus chicken that so many people raved about, and for me the sauce was way too sweet. I could barely eat half of my plate. I did like how the chicken was cooked crispy on top though.  The brown rice was a little soggy. My bf got the Thai curry chicken and it was not very good at all. We go to touch of Thai on 35th ave and bell road and nothing compares to their curry so we didn't have high expectations to begin with. Anyways... Like I said, I wasn't impressed to go back a 2nd time.
2	Food decent. Portion, mehh. Price, 10$ for a smaller lunch 'special' without a drink? For that, I don't think so. Decided to try anyway to see what the reason was, and if it was worth it... So the answer is a big NO. I don't mind paying that if it's worth the extra money. II'll just stick to my beloved Panda Express next door, much better flavor, portion, AND pricing. George, you are not near the ballpark of businesses that can charge that and have returning customers. Fix the food or fix the prices.
4	I walked into George & Sons starving and felt very satisfied when I left. The food was delicious, I wouldn't say amazing but it was very very good. The prices seemed high because it was just my friend, her little brother and I, but I have been to many Chinese restaurants and all are priced at at least $10 for dinner because the plates are served family style. The portions are huge and are meant to be shared with the group. I know my cuisine hungry family would really enjoy this place. The service was great since we went on a slow night and the waiters kept an eagle eye on us. In fact, my friend's kid brother drank 4 glasses of lemonade because they kept offering! I saw both George & his son, whom the place is named after. They were both much older than the picture on the takeout menu since the business first opened years ago. The father and son were both very friendly and I could tell they take pride in their business. The restaurant made us feel welcome and gave us about 15 fortune cookies because my friends brother was enamored with the treats (haha). Our little party all enjoyed the food. When we left the employees/owners earnestly wished for us to come back and I would not hesitate. But I would probably bring a big group if it was for dinner, or do takeout. Gotta love Chinese takeout!
3	So it was our second visit and perhaps I had high expectation based on first visit.  But I was a bit disappointed with the food - it was not great but about average.  Perhaps it was because we ordered vegetarian.  Typically Pad Thai has peanut sprinkled on the top with a slice of lemon on the side but this one had everything mixed together so wasnt too impressed with its presentation either. Taste was alright nothing great.  Perhaps I need to go one more time to decide.
5	COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO'S WHOLE FAMILY WORKS FOR PF CHANGS! Best Asian cuisine in Arizona. Authentic. Friendly service (talked to several employees throughout the night). Most of all- outstanding food. They even brought us complimentary vegetable spring rolls for the appetizer coming out late. Highly recommend! We will be back soon!
5	No hint of a taste of griddle here. Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were varied and distinct. My sister coined it well, "it's so delicious, I don't even feel guilty..."
5	The people are great and so is the atmosphere. Order the sea food pocket and general yangs chicken! You won't regret it!
5	This is pretty good Asian food, and I'm told the best place in that plaza off the 17 and the 101 North. Portion sizes are very generous and pretty good service (up until they sorta questioned my father why he didn't eat his side of white rice - I laughed). It's clean, it's modern, and overall, it was well worth the visit.
5	I found this place while searching for Asian food on yelp. I absolutely LOVE this place! The food is excellent. I've tried at least 5 things I like here, which is very good considering I usually stick to one thing. I rave about their food to everyone I know. Nom nom nom mmmm
