5	What a great little italian bistro.  I love the pizza's and my wife really likes the lasagna.  It has some really nice wines by the glass and a full bar.  The mood is light and festive with old italian movies projected on one of the walls.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fun place with good food.
5	As a disclaimer I have to say that I'm a regular at the family of restaurants that brought this gem to this awesome neighborhood, so I'll try to report just the facts.The decor and ambience is awesome. The detail of projecting a movie in the brick wall gives the place a unique charm.The food was as good as the location in Tempe which from my point of view is awesome. This restaurant is my daughter's favorite place as well and believe me, she's not shy to tell what she thinks!The massive bar is the perfect place to have a drink or a nice conversation with a friend (or date).The wine list is great and balanced with a little bit of everything to please all kinds of tastes.Did I mention that the prices are great? Just like the location in Tempe, you couldn't do any better with twice of the money. Yes, I have to admit it, I just LOVE la Bocca.Cheers!PS it's sister location across the street is awesome as well (Modern Margarita). I could live the rest of my life going back and forth from one place to the other.
4	Good atmosphere. Good food. The only negative is the small space. Cesar salad is awesome!
5	Great wine selection and food is fantastic. My husband loved their pasta! Very cozy and great place to hang out. Glad we found it. I would go back there again.
2	Great wine. Poor menu and food. I won't be back.  But if you are going for nice wines and  pretty women and don't care about the food, then this might work for you.
5	Loved this place in Tempe, so glad its now just down the street. I can always count on a wonderful Med Plate. Everything is quality at this place.
4	A lovely wine bar and great addition to City North.  Ambience was very nice, great happy hour pricing on wine and delicious fettuccini.  Lots of interesting items on the menu.   Friendly bar staff  - highly impressed.   Will definitely be back!
4	What a transformation from the former establishment this Group has made!!No expenses were spared by the Tempe Ownership Group for La Bocca  for this great City North destination.This refreshing NEW look spared no expense and what a great feel from the street view on into the wine kitchen set up.Mark Pope, a revered Valley Sommelier, and La Bocca's Management Team collaborated on Mark's vision for a world class wine experience (which includes a major education of Staff about the relationship between wine and food)Many talk this talk, yet few have walked it.Mark is uber passionate  with this mantra and when you add in the cuisine items there are marvelous synergies and execution on this theme.For those of us living in this NE corridor, La Bocca Urban Kitchen could not have arrived at a better time.Check it out and connect with Mark to both feel and hear his passion.Then dance the dance in the ambience with the scintillating food and wine experience.
2	Food not so great, manager/owner very rudeWine selection good
2	Loved the decor wine somalier and manager were very nice. Food was mediocre at best. Did like the med appetizer. Pizza had no flavor. Salad was drab too.
2	Well let's start with " the Mouth" that's what it's called in Italian really but the place does look really nice very inviting , but then it starts the hostess sat us down and waited for over 15 mins. Had to get up to ask the hostess to send a waiter, and our waiter was serving a table right next to us and was at that table twice . So we where ready to order drinks and food. Ok we took our 13 year old son so I ordered and asked if they had a marinara sauce pasta they said yes , my wife then said please make sure it's plain just sauce and pasta  ok  " marinara sauce" is just plain tomato sauce with garlic and basil  anyone that has any sense , well he got it with chunks of cheese and mushrooms and it had 2 meatballs in it but we didn't say anything I got a salad with chicken still looking for the chicken and my wife ordered a pizza with spinach and basil and chicken the bottom was burnt and pizza was dry .  But not to bitch to much if you want appetizers like anti-Pasta a plate of cheese and olives , or bruschetta and wine this is the place don't order dinner. Remember my review this  place will only last year to year and half
4	Dinner work meeting. No frills expected. Seating was prompt and servers very attentive and food was good. All good here!
5	Very nice restaurant and wine bar with many positives. My party was originally sat at a table with couches more suitable for drinks and the hostess and waitress had no problem switching us to a more traditional table when one opened up. The staff in general were nice, especially our attentive waitress and the knowledgable owner. It was refreshing to see the owner be actively involved and on the floor of the restaurant. The wine selection was good and is reportedly growing as the restaurant establishes itself and the food (appetizer, entree and desert) was above average in taste and presentation. The only qualm I have is the noise level but what do you expect from a happening place? Will definitely drink and dine again!
4	Upsides: Great ambience and good wine selection for decent prices. -Happy hour is seven days a week. -The bruschetta apps were very good. Downside: the chicken dinners were just ok . It was described as a breast but had a bone and leg attached. It was bloody near that area, so obviously not fully cooked. Hope I don't get salmonella! If I don't get sick, I'll come back for drinks and apps only.
1	An entirely over-priced and pedestrian menu, inept management and lackluster service combined with a very noisy environment, four (4) ounce wine pours, a pompous and unfriendly jerk trying to pass as a sommelier and unacceptably long drink times all add up to a place to be avoided at all cost.   Don't waste your time or money.
5	Couldn't ask for a better place to have great wine, delicious food and friendly service. We will definitely be back!
5	Perfect for date night, I had a 50 dollar gift card so I brought my boyfriend here at about dinner time and I'm so glad I did! The ambience is beautiul, I love high street and it's definitely becoming more upscale. The parking wasn't difficult for us and it was free! (definitely an upside to this location over the mill ave one). We chose to sit outside since it was so nice out... Our server greeted us promptly and gave us the wine list which is actually HUGE. (Definitely IS a wine bar). Based on how upscale this place FEELS, I was surprised by how good the prices were. I would definitely check this place out for happy hour if you get a chance. My boyfriend and decided we were going to split all of our dishes and the servers didn't make a fuss about it. Everything was presented beautifully (see pictures) and tasted great!I would HIGHLY recommend the bruschetta flights! Such great flavor combinations. Out of all the pizzas, my favorite was the garlic pizza with green tomatoes.....I DIE. I could eat it for the rest of my life.Can't wait to come back here!
2	Atmosphere is great! Food is not. Had the pasta w meatballs which consisted of a bowl of gummy flavorless pasta w 2 small meatballs for $15.00. I left hungry and went home and ate a PB&J sandwich.
2	I was very excited to hear a new place opened at city north. I joined my girlfriend last night for dinner and was super disappointed. We sat down next to a couple who sent back their meal....not a good sign. We ordered bruschetta and quinoa salad (extra $2 to split). Once we devoured our bruschetta we sat for about 40min realizing our salad was not going to come. The server came back and admitted he forgot to put our salad in...no big deal...then the salad came and it was literally the dinkiest thing I've ever seen. You can't call something a salad unless their is some sort of greens in it right? It was quinoa and pomegranate...maybe lemon juice. The server who was very apologetic came back and we let him know how we felt especially after being hungry and waiting 1.5 hours. He took our "salads" and said the chicken caesar was "hearty". We waited another 45min to be just as unhappy as before. The manager came out apologized and brought creme brule (which was the best thing we ate). When we got our bill the quinoa salad was not there but no compensation for anything else. Sangria: No fruit in it  : ( and usually I don't like sweet drinks but this needed a little more sweetness to it, so it was ok. Bruschetta: $12 for 4 pieces. The salami, pear, prosciutto, and ricotta were all tasty but nothing spectacular. If I am comparing to Postinos they were smaller and not as filling. I was still starved after sharing it. Caesar: No dressing, 2 little pieces of chicken, and it was all croutons. Not "hearty"! The server was pretty good but overall it should not take 3 hours for bruschetta and salad on a Thursday evening at 7:30pm. I will give the place another shot but I think this location needs to make some changes considering we weren't the only people with complaints. I live down the street and love to support the local restaurants so I hope they make some changes!
2	Atmosphere is great! Food is not. Had the pasta w meatballs which consisted of a bowl of gummy flavorless pasta w 2 small meatballs for $15.00. I left hungry and went home and ate a PB&J sandwich. With that being said, you are paying for atmosphere not good food.
5	Came here for the first time the other night, I created my own pizza that wasn't on the menu and put pesto sauce , kalamata olives, mozzarella and pepperoni. It came out perfect and on point! My daughter also got a build your own pasta and it came out amazing as well. The waiter was nice and prompt. Kept our drinks filled without having to ask, took dishes away as we finished. If we didn't live so far away , it would be a regular place.
1	While 3 of us waited for a table, my friend and I decided to go to the bar to order drinks while we waited to be seated.  Every seat was taken except 1 stool.  My friend approached it, to order us a round of drinks. The bartender saw us and I figured he would come back to get our order. Ok 10 min pass, now 15 min, and no one new has come up to the bar. A few more minutes pass and a guy shows up and the bartender starts striking conversation with him. Hello, but we still haven't placed our order, nor does he care to acknowledge us standing there. Our 3rd friend, sitting down waiting for our table, is looking at us if we've ordered drinks and my friend and I make the decision that we need to leave and go elsewhere. Just as we walked away from the bar, towards our friend who is waiting, the hostess had our table ready.  The wait didn't bother us, we didn't have reservations but being completely ignored by the bartender is unacceptable. We were trying to show our out of town friend how friendly Phoenix is.  Not here, take your business elsewhere!
2	I judge restaurants on three key criteria: food, ambiance, and service. In this case, while the other criteria are worth mentioning, I will start with the service, which was the most significant fail of the evening and thus the aspect I will recall most formidably upon making future dining decisions.Immediately upon entering, the host asked if we had a reservation, which, as a moderately priced pizza joint in N. Scottsdale which issues LivingSocial deals, came across as pretentious and unnecessary. In any case, my date and I were promptly sat outside in the end of a large high-top table already filled with another party. This would have been okay, but the party was (admittedly so) loud and rather vulgar. They apologized repeatedly in recognition of their poor behavior, but it didn't change the fact. It would have been better if we were being taken care of well by our server, but they had a different staff member. They were eating, drinking, and being merry with a highly attentive member of the waitstaff, while we sat starving with empty water glasses for most of the night without any sort of attention at all (see details below).After sitting for what seemed like an eternity without notice, our server finally arrived and asked if wanted water. We order still and sparkling, and said we may order drinks in a moment. Fifteen minutes later, we received the water, my date order a draft Nitro Milk Stout (note solid draft beer selections available). My server REPEATEDLY asked if I wanted wine. It came across as a ploy to up the tab, and I assured him that if I wanted wine I would say so (thank you SO much for your attention on the matter). He left to fetch the beer, and returned again 15 minutes later without said beverage. He took our order, and we reminded him of the stout order. He finally brought it and AGAIN asked if I wanted a cocktail. I declined, again, and that was the end of him almost for the rest of the entire night. Mussels took about 20 minutes, salad showed up 20 minutes following that, and FINALLY the pizza 30 minutes after the salad. The food was solid, but we're talking about service so I'll get back to that. At this point, the server was simply MIA. Bussers, other servers, and the food expediter did provide us with moderate service (water, red pepper, etc.), but only when flagged down and asked explicitly for assistance. With that said, a note on food:1. Mussels: Solidly cooked in a white wine lemony broth. Good texture, but nothing out of the ordinary.2. Beet salad: Totally delicious, with an excellent balance of three different kinds of beets and a lovely heirloom tomato salad offset by fresh, peppery arugula, a sprinkle of barely caramelized walnuts, and goat chess. It was a subtle sweetness that really highlighted the beets and tomato without overpowering them. 3. Autumn Pizza: So good. The crust was just perfect with a charred crispness on the outside with a light doughy-ness on the inside. Blue cheese was certainly noticeable but well balanced with the roasted veggies and balsamic reduction.  This would be an entirely different review if the service/ambiance matched the quality of the food. The food was gone, and the server returned to ask how everything was and to drop the check. I had a living social deal, but was informed it was only good from Sun-Thurs. It did not clearly say that on the voucher, but I trust it's in the fine print. That is SUCH a scam, and only infuriated me more after the complete lack of service. The server informed us that "See, we're busy on the weekends so we don't need that. It's slower during the week so we're trying to get people in here." Well, if they are SO busy during the weekends, they clearly do not need our business. The mussels/salad/beer/sparkling water/pizza was $51, so not so cheap I can overlook the total service fail. They acted as though didn't need our business, and certainly didn't want it. Thus, while I will return to use my LivingSocial during the week, I will return their attitude towards me and not ever return for a third time.For a failing shopping area hidden behind Desert Ridge (CityNorth, which my date characterized as the post-Apocalyptic urban cityscape), you'd think they'd go over and above. I'll stick to the Mill location, which beats this place on every account.
5	Great vibe, super food and a extra friendly staff!
4	came here on a date night with my wife. Great place and atmosphere for that. It was a little cold when we went(spring), but they have heaters on the patio. Hopefully they have misters too for now. We sat a high top, which is fine, it was a communale high top, so if you want your privacy make sure to request a regular table not a high top. The bruschetta was good, but skimpy, we were expecting something like postino's bruschetta board. Don't get me wrong it was delicious, just not the quantity we expected. We ended up getting two pizzas as well. I got the spicy pizza they had on their menu. I don't remember the name, but it was soo good. They had thinly sliced (vertically sliced) peppers on it which gave it a good heat. Not overwhelming at all (but so you know I LOVE spicy food, so if you don't you probably wont like the pizza).I don't remember what my wife's pizza was because we both agreed mine was SOO good.
5	This is our new favorite place for drinks for happy hour!  The Bruschetta Planks are amazing and the wine selection is excellent.   I especially like the outside seating.
4	Fun, attractive spot to chat and have fun. Inside can tend to get very noisy so I don't recommend This for a quiet evening. Nice patio. We ordered the Bruscetta planks, Med plate, and a pizza. Everything was cooked properly, seasoned well.  Wine, beer and Sangria were ordered by our group of 9 girls. White Sangria is a little sweet but not horrible. Certainly refreshing. Others enjoyed the Red Sangria. Would recommend and will come here again. Staff was very friendly. Strangely, parking was horrible for a Wednesday at 6:30pm in early June. Definitely Uber yourself over there and give it a try.
5	Love this place!  Sat outside with misters. The service was perfect.  The orange blossom martini was amazing; fresh squeezed orange juice!  We had the brushetta plank and it was delicious.  The chicken caeser salad was perfect.  The two pizzas were delicious - definitely can tell the house made crust and high quality ingredients. The cookie/ice cream dessert was yummy too.  Will definitely be back.
4	Salads and pizzas are great! The atmosphere is very relaxed. Great place for a date or a chill night with friends. One thing I noticed is their wine pours are on the smaller side. Not a huge deal but other than that it's a great place with great food. Oh, I almost forgot... The cookie dessert! It's so delicious. I'll keep going back just for that.
4	I thought I was not going to like this place.  The first time I came, I was not in a very good mood, so I left without trying anything.  The second time, I came with my girlfriends.  We had 14 ladies and we had a really great time.  Service was good and the food was very good.  We had a few pizzas, the med plate and a couple of salads.  My favorite is the med plate, it was hummus, baba ganoush, olives, cheese, peppers, couples of different breads, this is really awesome and big enough to share with a few friends.  Last time I was there, 4 of us shared that plate.  The wine list is good, my only issue is that the glasses of wine are a little pricey.  Most of the ones I can have are over $13, but that won't deter me from coming back.
2	3 strikes up front.......atmosphere TOO loud,  cocktails without garnish (Manhattan no cherry, martini without olives) ,no iced water served as requested....but the food was good! signed confused.
5	First time at this location and in love! Great place for happy hour with friends or a date. Love their wine selection and food. Bruschetta will never be as good as Postinos, but that is impossible to beat! The salads and pizza are delicious. The only thing I miss from the Mill Ave location is cucumbers in my water. That is definitely not enough to change the star count though.
5	Best cheese pizza ever! Great ambiance. Fun and lively atmosphere! Take friends, share, drink wine and have fun! Can't go wrong with any selections!
4	Very cool place, nice take on the wine bar/gastropub concept.  The food is very good and the service is good.  Cool atmosphere.  Great place for drinks and apps.  The bruschettas are really good and fun to share.
5	Great wine, great food and great service. The house made flat bread is awesome. Bruschetta plank is wonderful!
4	Good food selection and cut space.  Nice patio when the wether is cooler.  I had the orange drop and shared a selection of  bruschetta. Everything was very good.
4	I found this place thanks to Yelp and Opentable, the service was very good and the food was excellent.  I tried the Pesto Caprese sandwich using thier homemade bread, very very good adn finished my meal off with creme brulee, also very good.  The resturant had a nice ambiance that was a bit up scale.
5	This place was fabulous!!!! Great food, wine and service! Evan was our server and he was exceptional! We had the bread board with hummus, feta, olives & eggplant spread.....delicious! The wine Evan recommend was a perfect pair. The restaurant had a great vibe and wasn't overly packed. We will definitely be going back many more times!!!
5	Lovely place for a date or dining w friends, especially the lounge seating; or I love the patio seating. Fine wines, but the orange blossom martini is too hard to pass up. Delicious mussels if you like lots of garlic and the pizzas are tasty!
1	Horrible and unwelcoming. The server Thomas literally said "are you having a good night? Because if not you can leave". After asking for the manager and him having the same mindset we left and will never return. Horrible! No exaggeration.
4	Todd our server was very attentive.   We had a couple of glasses of wine on happy hour, and ordered some bruschetta which was delicious and a personal Margarita pizza also delicious!  I would love to see this place when it's busy,  it has a nice atmosphere.  I would definitely come here again.
5	If you have even been to the La Boca on Mill Ave you know its a wonderful place to eat. Ever since they moved out and added this new location I am in Love. They have most wonderful wine selection, complete with house made grappa and lemoncellio. The Brushetta come out on large portions of house made dough complete with high dollar truffle Oil and Toppings. All the Pizza is made with the finest Elements they can find and has never been a disappointment for me! I love brings dates here too, some good wine, good pizza, and good company? what could be better?
5	Love this place- atmosphere is great, staff is friendly, food selection is awesome and drink list is on point
4	Great food, service and atmosphere! Perfect a dinner for two or a family affair. They were very accommodating to my grandfather who has dietary issues and were more than happy to make our experience positive. Great restaurant!
5	Love this place!!! Food and service is always on point!!!! Marc, Aaron & Ty are always so friendly. Sunday nights are quite the treat with half off bottles of wine. Great ambience, homemade pasta, wood fired pizza not to mention their sangria.....this place is a must try!!!
4	Very sleek & chic ambiance. Made me feel like we were in a real metropolitan city like SFO. The pizza is delicious & a great wine selection. The brussetta could be better, but still good. A most visit when up this way if the valley. Cheers!!!
4	Went here with a group of 12 on a Wed. night around 5pm. We got a nice long table on the patio that was perfect for us. I noticed some nice couch sectionals in groups that would have worked too. The outside was full and a few places taken on the inside. I got the bruschetta; 4 types for $12. They had several options and I enjoyed all of them. On happy hour you can get a glass of wine for $5-$10, depending upon the type. I got one of the house wines and it was good for $5. Service was good and everyone had a great time. This is a good date night place; have a drink or two and a small plate here then walk across the street to Blue Martini for some dancing.
3	I feel immediately obligated to write this review because as a mom and parent, any situation that threatens the safety of my child or anyone else's child should be made aware of right away. With prevalence of children born with life threatening peanut or nut allergies, if a restaurant is going to make a sauce deviating from standard recipe, it should be clearly printed on the menu. My son who is severely allergic to peanuts and allergic to other nuts (walnut, almond, cashew) ordered their pesto chicken pizza. I mistakenly assumed their pesto was made from pine nuts and didn't even think to ask what the ingredients were. When my son ate his slice he started to scratch his throat told me his throat was scratchy then I noticed his lips started to swell up. He was having an allergic reaction and I was confused cause I knew he was not allergic to pine nuts. Turns out their pesto sauce is made from walnuts!!!Luckily for my son he is not severely allergic to walnuts but I shudder to think what could have happened if he was!!!  La Bocca should clearly have this ingredient printed on their menu for the sake of adults and children with nut allergies. I mean, seriously!And parents- this is another lesson one can never be too careful. Doesn't matter who you might think it annoys- for any sauce or mixture- ask!!!!I am just thankful my son is okay . . . Bottom line is their pesto is made with walnuts so if you have a nut allergy do not order any item with pesto!!!
4	Really enjoyed our dinner here while vacationing in Phoenix a few weeks ago. We ordered the charcuterie plate, bruschetta plank, and a pizza to share. I pretty much loved everything about the charcuterie plate. It came with a quality assortment of meats and the addition of fruit mostarda and pickled veggies paired nicely. For the bruschetta, we went with the gorgonzola (my favorite), roasted baby beets (his favorite), fresh ricotta, and mozzarella. It somehow worked out that our #1 picks were the other person's least favorite one. We went with the porco as our pizza of choice which was a white pizza w/pulled pork. It was good, but we were pretty full by the time it came out and took most of it back with us. It made for a cold, yet still yummy breakfast the next morning!  Overall, it was a cute restaurant and worth checking out while in town. I'd definitely order the charcuterie plate again and try some more of their bruschettas!
4	Bartender was quite knowledgable and helped me get a terrific wine. Nice ambiance.  Nice relaxing place to chill and have a nice conversation.
2	We had a reservation for the patio and the hostess put us inside. Said we were late but we were 15 minutes early. Waiter was never there for us. Spent more time at the computer on the bar, than with us. We've had him once before and had no complaints. Table in plain sight on the patio was empty while we ate, and waited inside for our computer wiz waiter.  This was not the experience we had on our 2 previous visits,they were much better. I'll average the 3 visits to 2 stars. We love the decor and the patio looks great....... from inside.
2	This place has so much potential. We keep going back but it just doesn't happen. 4 oz wine pours are a rip off and prices are excruciating high. Food is not consistent and staff seems like not enough going on for them. Oh well I guess we will go there when we have nothing else to do. Good luck LeBocca
5	This is one of those places you always come back to regardless of how you're feeling.  In fact, you may start your day somewhere else and say "let's grab a Negroni over at la bocca my brother"... And then my brother says "ummm duh, does a bear poop in the woods?, does a priest love little boys? Does the average American owe more on student loans than what I owe on my car payment?"... Hells yeah let's go to la bocca!!! Come one come all.  It's chill mixed in with great service and non pretentious bartenders who want to see you good and drunk just like I want!!! I'm looking to my right and there's a woman with a cardinals hat yelling at the tv.  I'm looking to my left and there's a guy drinking a dirty martini.  It's that kind of place.  By the by, the food is top fu**%ing notch brothers and sisters.  I just had a mini orgasm in my mouth.  Don't judge me
4	We had yet another great experience here! Mussels Rustico was fabulous! Our waiter was very attentive and the wine pairing was exceptional. A great sexy little place.
3	High Street (formerly known as CityNorth) is one of those developments from Phoenix's glory days that has always seemingly been on the brink of explosive growth while also on the brink of eminent closure.  The complex is a mix of retail, office, and residential spaces (many of which have been vacant since day one) as well as a massive swath of dirt that is still as yet undeveloped.  The area has potential, but it also has the potential to go under.  Amongst the instability, La Bocca's newest location is probably the signature restaurant of this fledgling complex.  Tonight I was invited here for a little holiday season get together with some friends.For the record I have not yet been to La Bocca's original location Tempe so I can't compare this location with the original.  But the menu and atmosphere at least appears to emulate the original location as an urban themed pizzeria and wine bar.  A somewhat similar setup to Postino's but with more of an emphasis on the Italian main courses.  The location is fairly small, but has ample seating inside and out with a mix of bar seating and couches throughout.  We opted for high table seating in the middle of the restaurant this go around.We all started with a round of drinks.  The wine selection is pretty respectable and they've got a full bar if you're in the mood for something else.  They also have bruschetta plates (again, similar to Postino's), but I went straight for a main course this time.  I went with the Rustic Marinara pasta (more or less their take on a spaghetti and meatballs).  The meatballs were a super tasty mix of beef and pork.  The thick cut noodles were also quite good.  The sauce was fairly average and the garlic bread was pretty forgettable, but overall it was a decent dish.  For dessert, I went with their cast iron chocolate brownie with ice cream.  Effectively their own miniature version of Oregano's Pizzookie.  It was adequate, but yeah Oregano's does it way better.Total tab for my glass of wine, pasta, brownie, tax and tip came to about $40.  No complaints about the service as our waiter was hamming it up with our whole group and was very attentive and timely in getting us our food and drinks.  And as a place to get drinks with a group, La Bocca is a pretty cool hangout spot.  But the main dishes just didn't impress me that much (certainly not for the price I paid).  I'd happily recommend folks try this place for a happy hour group outing.  But purely as a sit down restaurant, La Bocca's High Street location could use some work.  Eventually I'll try their original location in Tempe.  Hopefully that location has mastered both the food and drink elements of a great wine bar, the way Postino's has.
3	It certainly looks the part of a sleek urban wine bar. Unfortunately the menu struggles to hold up its end of the bargain.  The solid bruschetta overshadows a pizza that is very underwhelming when set side by side to other Neapolitan pies in the Valley. Way too much crust and it was difficult to make out the flavor from the San Marzano tomatoes.
1	This place is uncomfortable just to be there! Not a friendly place and you dont feel welcome!  Went there and felt we were rushed to get the order,.but the main issue was that it was not crowded, which should have been a red flag,.but we ordered a salad in addition to our meal and never got it!! Will never ever go there again!!
4	This is the third restaurant that's been in this space and I hope that they stick around for a long while.I sat at the bar and had a beet salad to go along with my sausage pizza.  The salad was one of the best I've ever had and the pizza was tasty as well.They have a nice wine selection and were kind enough to let me taste a couple before settling on a pleasant red blend.
