3	2nd time at this location and was worse then the first time.Didnt have filets or pork sandwich. Ordered aspargaus and didnt reiceve it but got charged. Took a very long time to get drinks, refills and the  food. Saw another table get up and leave because drinks took to long. The steak was just ok. The mash potatoes where a 5 though. The ribs where pretty good, smokey flavor.
4	I am a fan. We've definitely gotten a few dishes we didn't care for (we being the man and I), but sometimes thats just how it goes. Overall, the good dishes have far outweighed the bad.KILLER happy hour. They've changed it 3x in 2 years which can be a bit annoying, but every single thing we've ever ordered off the $3 happy hour menu has been thoroughly enjoyed. Tasty beers, the man loves their raptor red. Amazing veggie burgers, and I am not even a vegetarian! This is probably one of my favorite things on their menu. The only thing they don't do well is pizza..... but other than that I love this place, which is different for me as I am not a fan of chains generally.
4	This was my first time visiting a Rock Bottom.  The food here is a little bit better then average.  My main draw would be the drinks.  They brew their own beer (obviously) and it is really good.  The flavors and options are not extesnive, but the selection is a good one.If you are looking for a change of pace, visit this Rock Bottom - the staff is friendly, and service is quick.  Oh, and the Titan Toothpick appetizer is awesome!
4	You definitely cant beat the $3 appetizers and beer during happy hour!
2	Rock Bottom can't make up their mind on menu offerings.  Asiago Cheese dip - on the menu for years, then they axed it in favor of new appetizers that didn't sell so well (Fried Mozz. sticks with miscellaneous accoutrements).  To make things worse, when they did this the menu designer actually had a picture of the asiago cheese dip bread on the menu as decoration, but they no longer served that bread!  After customers complained, they brought back the asiago cheese dip, but only for a limited time.  I guess the people who liked it have moved on to other restaurants, because apparently it wasn't selling and it's off the menu.Portabello sandwich is gone too, the one thing my spouse ordered every time we went there.Beers are average as far as brewpubs go - considerably better than Oggis a couple miles away, but not as good as BJ's or Gordon Biersch in the West Valley.Nachos are good.  Ballpark pretzel served with queso is good as well.
3	I met a friend here for lunch the other day, as he had been talking about some of the great lunch specials they have, so I decided to check it out.  We got there shortly after noon, and I think it would be an overestimation if I said that the restaurant was 50% full.  Luckily for us, that meant quick seating, and quick service.Our waitress was very attentive, quick to take the orders and to refill drinks.  Thought the wait for the food was a little bit long, but not too bad.  Rock Bottom currently has around 19 daily lunch specials that range from about $6 - $7.50.  Throw in the $1 10 oz beers, and that's a pretty good deal.  I ended up going with the Chicken Fried Chicken over mashed potatoes and a handcrafted root beer (more than $1, but bigger than 10 oz and free refills).  The CFC was good, cooked well and nice and crispy.  It went well with the mashed potatoes, though the gravy covering the potatoes was weird.  The root beer was average at best.  It doesn't even compare to what I can get at Culver's...I only went this time mainly because I had a gift card that had been burning a hole for awhile.  I might be back for the lunch specials though.  Rock Bottom gets 3.5 stars, rounded down to 3 stars/
3	I try to stay away from chain restaurants, especially bar-type joints, because the food that is delivered is overpriced, not awesome and usually available in your local supermarket in the frozen foods section. That's pretty much what you're going to get at Rock Bottom.. However, I love beer, and breweries, so Ill give in and battle the corporate whore stereotype. I teetered between the sampler platter and a burger.. but seeing as how I've consumed about 10 hamburgers withing the last 2 weeks (come on, In & Out as a hold on me, ill admit this) I opted for the sampler. It consisted of your usual Chicken fingers, Buffalo Wings, Pot Stickers, Onion Rings, Edamame and a Pretzel with Spicy Spinach Dip. All of it was edible and not bad, I mean, especially after you've consumed about 4 of their on site brewed beers (Raptor Red is my favorite), anything is delicious, but again.. typical bar food. I I must say that their happy hour is AWESOME, complete with a $3 menu. Cant beat that. I'm officially a member of the "Mug Club" now. Basically this means I get rewards, invited to sweet parties and, *drum roll* my very own special Mug, always waiting for me behind the bar. Kinda cool! I cant say I love this place, but I also don't hate it.. I know I will return, if not for the food, but for a Raptor Red for sure.
4	I try to stay away from the chain restaurants, but I was shopping at Target(for the bargain) and came down with an unexpectant hunger headache.  Very close by was this Rock Bottom...I like beer so what the heck.  I came during happy hour and the prices were great.  Had a hefeweizen and buffalo chiken strips.  Both three bucks, beer was very good, food not so bad.  Headache gone in few minutes no time.  I give it four stars because of the service.  I know what it takes to give great service and I expect the best every time.
3	This place is ok, we seem to stop by here every once and a while because their happy hour is decent, and the food is good, they only have their beer so its good to go for something different, their mug club is pretty cool, you get rewards depending on visits or pints bought, plus they put a $10 credit on it for my birthday. Haven't had the best service but it's a pretty chill place.
1	Rock Bottom indeed. At least that is the level of service you can expect at this location.We went with our usual girls night out crew and sat outside on the patio. We sat for 15 minutes before a server even came over which was ok since we were chatting but we sure got thirsty. A server came over and asked if we had been helped yet and when we said no she said she was likely not going to be our server, but she'd take our drink order. Turns out, she was our server for the night. We could have done better serving ourselves at that rate. It took another 12 minutes to get our drinks. So yes, we were there 27 minutes before a beverage hit our table. Not a good start but this was my friend's choice as it was her birthday so I didn't complain.Ultimately, it took our party of 5 more than 2 hours to eat dinner at Rock Bottom. We had 3 different appetizers which we took advantage of the happy hour prices. We had to remind the server that we were to get the 1/2 price appetizers when she brought our check. We had to beg for refills of drinks, ask where our dinners were, and it was like pulling teeth to get service. The food was ok at best but really the service was so horrible that I wouldn't recommend this place to an enemy.  Save yourself the hassle. There are plenty of places who do want your business enough to treat you right. It's funny too because the place was packed. They won't be packed with us anymore. We dropped over $130 there. Never again.
3	I went here with the boy on a Sunday afternoon, and it wasn't very busy.  We ordered a appetizer sampler, and it was huge (as it should be at $18!)  The appetizer took a really long time to arrive.  It had wings, nachos, some kind of Mexican roll-up thing, and a  huge soft-pretzel that was super good.  We ordered the chicken fried chicken and shared it.  We both took a bite and decided that it was entirely too salty.  The server asked how it was, and we told her that it wasn't so great.  She apologized and asked what she could do.  We told her that we were fine, but didn't eat another bite.  She brought us our ticket and included a free piece of carrot cake, since we didn't enjoy our entree.  The carrot cake did make up for it all.  It was huge piece and had caramel sauce drizzled on it.  I usually don't like carrot cake, but this was really good!  The place was ok, but the service was super slow.
5	I think the food here is pretty good.  I don't drink so I can't say anything for the beer. It can be pricey, so I use restaurant.com coupons, saves A LOT!The service has been wonderful every time I go.  I have been about 8 times. I always end up tipping 30% or more because the service is that good.  Give it a shot.
3	--Good variety of beers.--Great location near Arrowhead Mall.--Plenty of parking.--Food was decent for chain food.--Service was a tad slow, but the Server was friendly.
5	I like Rock Bottom. Been to several different ones between CA, AZ, and MN. The beer is good. Food is good. Service at the bar here in AZ has always been top notch! Best micro brew I've found so far. Wish there were more places here like in ABQ. Turtle Mountain, Il Vicino, Chama River... Rock Bottom will do just fine tho. Like this place.
5	ok, i went for food, not alcohol. i loved this place. it's a very cool atmosphere. there's a great bar area with tvs and is set up nicely, classy, but casual. the restaurant is separate also with tvs. hands down, my chicken fried chicken meal was one of the top 5 meals i've ever eaten. i've been to restaurants all over this country, and this entire meal was beyond good. everything was so good and melted in my mouth. we ordered an appetizer of wings and they were good as well. my boyfriend ordered a steak and loved his entire meal too. they offer reduced priced appetizers mon-fri until 6 or 7pm. there is always something i'm dissatisfied with a meal whether it be a lack of sauce, no flavor, poor quantity. this meal was outstanding. get the chicken fried chicken with mashed potatos. you won't be disappointed. for anyone who likes microbeers, they have a large selection. great service. all around loved everything about the food, service, and ambiance. they are also on restaurant.com.  you can spend $35 on your meal and get $25 off your bill. great place and i can't wait to go back. we also got this dessert called a peanutbutter shooter. it was only $2.50. this dessert was soooo good. it was like whipped peanut butter with chocolate on it. melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting more and more.
5	Eating out is always a challenge with two kids under 5. However, the folks at this location make it easy and enjoyable, EVERYTIME!! We keep going back because our service is always that good and if course the happy hour is the best! Even when we've had rough service due to short staff or whatever, the sever recognizes that and offers to make it right! Love it and since kids live it, we will continue to go back!
3	Went during Happy Hour.  Got the nachos...not bad, but strange taste in salsa.  Waitress was friendly to the point of patronizing -- somewhat unnatural.Got the prime rib sandwich.  The prime rib tasted a bit off and the horse radish jus was marginal.  The best thing on the plate were the fries.
3	Rock Bottom...don't have too much to say about this place.  Everything is just OKAY in my opinion...but then again, everyone is entitled to their own.We arrived on a Tuesday evening, 7 pm, and was sat in a humble little corner in the back of the restaurant.  The hostess was friendly, although she did admit that the look on her face was a look of "boredom" (exact words, no joke), so I was a little thrown back by that.  The waitress was friendly, but didn't seem to appreciate or acknowledge much of the friendly conversation my fiance sparked up during the ordering process.We both ordered beer.  I tried the Rocktoberfest and he had the stout.  Tasty stuff, and it seems that we got the Beer Club mug as an additional upgrade.  Nice touch.I was slightly disappointed in the variety of menu items, and maybe that is why I rarely come here.  I ordered the Bourbonzola burger and added arugula.  The waitress had no idea what that was, and made me repeat it to her after we placed our order...hmmm...The food came in a timely matter.  I noticed that my patty was in the shape of a rectangle...Pre-frozen I suppose?  I wish that they put extra crunchy onion strings on my burger, but they didn't (then again, I didn't ask).  The french fries were delicious.  Overall, the experience was just OK.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing to rave about.  Nothing spectacular.
3	Went here to eat last night. My friend loves this place for their beer and really enjoys rocking happy hour. I myself don't drink so I can't comment on the quality of their beer.  We came in after happy hour, so the restaurant was pretty quiet and empty.Our server came up right away and greeted us, which was great. He took our drink orders and had them back quickly. We still needed time to select our meals, so he left us with our menus. That was a bit of a mistake, because he didn't come back until nearly 20 minutes later, and only after we waved him down. Like I said, the place wasn't busy AT ALL. I ordered the Off The Hook meal, which was baked salmon, roasted asparagus, and lemon rice. The rice was pretty darn salty and I couldn't finish it. The asparagus was super limp, which the manager herself acknowledged and replaced with steamed broccoli without me even asking. The salmon and tartar sauce both tasted good. Our server was more attentive after our initial disappointment, which was helpful.Overall, not a bad experience, not a good one. Just so so!
4	I love this Rock Bottom, but you must understand that I weigh my decisions heavily on cost (my husband says I am really cheap). Rock Bottom has a really great happy hour ($5 appetizers and the nachos are huge!) and if you are a beer drinker than you have to sign up for the Mug Club. You get a bigger glass of beer and they give you points for every time you come and every time you buy a pint. Sometimes when new beers come out or other special events (like your birthday) they will just straight up load money on your mug club card. Free money...yes please. I really like trying new beers and it seems to be that once a month this location is tapping a new beer. On tapping nights they hand out free samples of their new beer and you can fill your anniversary growler for only $4. That is 72 oz. of beer for $4! For a frugal beer consumer like me that is the jackpot!The food is really great too, but if you don't come during happy hour it can get expensive pretty fast :(
3	After being seated at three different tables we decided to sit at the bar.  We then found out they were out of lager.  How the hell can a brewery be out of lager?  The food was decent, the service was below average, and the crowd was the usual here in Glendale, old white folks.
3	My boo asked me to accompany him to an ugly sweater party that his company was hosting at Rock Bottom this holiday season. They rented out the banquet room for the evening, so we loaded up the tandem and found our most heinous sweaters. The banquet room was quite small and could not hold all of the party guests. We ended up standing awkwardly outside of the room with other guests who were unable to fit. It was also extremely hot and stuffy. When my boo tried to order our drinks I got a lecture from our server about my still vertical ID. He told me to get a horizontal immediately (Ummm, who wants to wait at the DMV??) and that they normally didn't even serve customers with vertical IDs. I was a little angry about this since my ID was clearly valid no matter what direction it was. The drinks were pretty decent. I started out with the IPA (a little too sharp) and ended up having gin and tonics for the rest of the evening. We were pretty schwasted when it came time to bike home, and our tab wasn't too much either. And now that I have my horizontal ID, I can go back sometime.
4	went there for a bday party. it was a great new experience to sit at the pour your own tap table. check it out is was different and great. you wont find anything else like it in town
2	Eh. They're open until 2am.  That's about the only above average thing they have going for them in NW Phoenix.  Probably the weakest Rock Bottom I've visited.  Everything is average or below average.  The prices are too high for what you get unless you hit happy hour.  With Yard House setting the bar in this genre, this place just looks weak.Food quality ranks at bar food to me.  Servers don't seem to be paid or managed well.  Upgrades are needed all around.
5	Im giving this 5 stars because at this location and at the time we went, it was great.  Amber I believe was our waitress and she couldn't have been more welcoming.  We went for an early lunch on a Sunday and it was only three of us.  My girlfriend and I split their Kobe beef burger and while she likes the burgers near mooing.. Im more of a medium person.  She won, and the burger was mooing.  Let me tell you though.. it was delicious!  Their fries were good and crunchy and before hand we all had Caesar salads that just fit perfect.Loved this place and we're thinking of making it a regular for weekend lunches!
4	Honey and I started with pints of White Ale.  "And keep 'em coming!"I had the pleasure of dining here with my Mom-in-Law and Dad-in-Law, who had been divorced for 43 years but we're trying to put on a good act that they were the best of friends."Hit me again Barkeep!"I opted for Lobster and Shrimp Mac and Cheese for dinner.  Something decadent.  Like a last meal.It was delicious but not the Mac and Cheese with ooey-gooey cheddar cheese.  This was a grown-up version with Parmesan-Havarti cheese sauce over cavatappi pasta.  It wasn't perfect but darn near close. Honey had the Laredo Steakburger with Southwest-inspired Pepper Jack cheese, homemade guacamole, pico de gallo and chipotle mayo.  He said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had.The White Ale was light and refreshing.  What I really needed was a shot, but I at least wanted to be sober enough to enjoy my lobster.  Our Server was polite and attentive.  She always made sure to check on our table often.  I'm guessing the tension was obvious.  "Another White Ale over here please!"
4	Food is great. You pay for what you get! Bartenders are great.  If you're lucky you get a flaring show-Vegas style!
5	Best brewery on the west side. Burgers and service are top notch. We love our waitress Shannon and the outdoor patio.
4	Wound up at Rock Bottom by chance had been wanting Carrabbas all day, due to being brain washed by commercials on TV so that when a friend said lets go out for dinner I was all gun ho to say Carrabbas, then he said Im in the mood for steak I tossed the pasta idea out the window and said Bring on the beef,  plus never been to Rock Bottom so I was thrilled at being able to try a new place! It was a Sunday night and the place was simi empty, which was nice. Service was fast and friendly and I liked the overall vibe of the place. I ordered the Texas Fire Steak which was top sirloin seasoned with crazy peper and smoking jalapeno butter, man it was delish!! Even the veggies were good!  Looking forward to another trip there to try out some more the menu!
3	Happy Hour= good deals on drinks and appetizers. Some food is half-price and you get a couple bucks off a glass of wine or a pint of beer. Not an overly packed space, and it's pretty roomy, which I like. It's in a strip mall, but what in Glendale isn't? Mixed crowd of young and old, but very low on ye olde douchebagge scale. The pizzas and calamari on the appetizer menu were even pretty tasty.
3	From a couple of weeks back we were more looking for a place that did beer first and then the food would be "nice to have"  Early Oktoberfest seemed to be the theme as they were stuffing kraut onto, into and around everything on the fly out menus but it was pretty much just the shape of kraut and,unsurprisingly,nowhere near what passes for it when it's been made by people that care. I had their 2am burger which, is  described as having crispy hash-brown and an egg atop the burger which sounded like a good idea 3 hours prior to 2am. Problem is the crispy hash-browns were in the form of a patty that wouldn't be out of place at McD's in the am:(   Seriously why bother getting the rest of the ingredients together , steakburger, egg and bacon then just shoving a frozen potato turd atop it?   Treated as a bar with food gets it a low 3 , treating it as a restaurant .. yeah let's not go there.
2	I am so disappointed to the recent changes made at Rock Bottom! As a Weight Watchers member, having healthoer options when out to eat is vital. I used to love coming to RB for the turkey burgers.Now the turkey burrs are gone to make way to push for the veggie burgers - not as good. I asked for a different bread option for their Turkey Reuben but none was available. I asked for a salad with low fat dressing, but again, none was available.I almoat walked out because I couldn't find anything that I could ven make a special cooking reqieat on.I won't be back.
2	This is strictly a beer review.  Happy hour looks promising though.Looking for a man date or a sporty classy bar to escape the fam bam for a few hours?  This Rock Bottom brewery might be a good place start.I came in at noon, and there were 4 pairs of guys drinking beer and watching ESPN highlights.  Clearly this is the place to go for the midday work lunch with a good guy friend.  Unfortunately the Cardinals got stomped on, so everyone was in a sour mood.  The local patrons were at least friendly to hide their discontent.For ladies less inclined to drink beer, but want to try something new, I'd recommend the white ale.  For peeps that don't want Coors, get the Kolsch.  For guys, it's tough, but get a taster of the smoked porter and drink the Marzen. My taster rack was unbelievably inexpensive.  From lightest to darkest:Kolsch - Light beer good crisp flavor.  I generally don't like Kolsch, but I enjoyed this little taster  Belgium White Ale - Quite good with a lemony floral body and finish.  Best of the bunch.    Red Ale - Not that good, lacked the ale flavor.IPA  - Dry hoppy, not so good finish and after taste.Special Dark Octoberfest Marzen - Decent, had some ale taste with  wheaty finish.Bourbon Barrel Smoked Porter - Served off cask, unfortunately it was warm.  Definitely interesting, I wish it was a colder.  It's like a drinking a light whiskey.  Not very oaky like most barrel aged porters (which is good thing), you can feel the alcohol, but not taste it.  It's odd, but worth trying, just hope it is cool.  The bartenders were quite knowledgeable about their beers, and offered advice to patrons unfamiliar with beer.I would like to give the place 3, but there weren't any exceptional beers,  just a clear upgrade from the big American breweries.  Stop by if its football Sunday or you want a break from a typical beerless weekday lunch.
4	One of my families favs (Husband Primarily). This place has an ok selection of brew, only house brew on draft. A bit too snobby to highlight anyone elses. What surprises me here is the food selestion. It has the requisite 'Pub" foods, including a tower of onion rings. Get past that and you will discover a great variety from comfort food favorites to fresh and funky. Last night I had the hazelnut chicken, 3 stars, my husband had the ahi salad; 5 stars!! The waiter insisted we try thier current special; Banana Cream Pie, its on thier holiday menu. I agreed reluctantly,abnd it was good. another funky dish. the only thing I would suggest is to ditch the canned whip and replace with fresh whip. Not hard to do. Wait staff here can be unpredictable, sometines on, sometimes off...I like this spot because of teh mix of old time bar feel you can get with Pubs and the great dining area with comfortable seating, subdued lighting and great acoustic so you can hear your dinner companion.
3	Not as good as the Rock Bottom at Shea and the 101. We went here for a late lunch and quick drink. I was excited to get the nachos I loved so much that I have missed since the R B at Shea ant the 101 closed down but either I remember them incorrectly or this location does not pile it on the way the Scottsdale location did....then again maybe that is why they went out of business. With that being said we did annihilate that nacho platter. It was big enough for two. So it is a good place, nothing to rave about but it you are looking for a Cheers-like atmosphere and in the area I say it is worth it.
4	I loved this place! I will be back! im a fan of beer and all different kinds of beer so this is my kinda place.
3	Good happy hour that gets major kudos for including the weekend.  Their beers are excellent.  Bartenders a bit cranky at times but the place is never empty.  Excellent TVs.
2	Went here this past weekend with about 12-15 people for a birthday celebration..we sat out on the patio and the service was sloooooooow. It honestly took a good twenty plus minutes for anyone to come by and clear the tables and then another 10 minutes to put in a simple drink order. At that time we had about six people there. The slow service continued all night. My glass was empty more than it was full. It was a Saturday night, and I would give them a break if the place was packed but, not so! The place was somewhat busy but, not really. You would think a server would jump at the chance to get a nice tip from a large group...Well, not really. He was very nice, however he forgot my beer once and two more orders from others that I know of. He did take them off the bill but, overall it was just so disappointing. Then we get the bill with an 18 percent gratuity, okay - but for that kind of shitty service - me thinks not!! You gotta earn it. Best part was after complaining to the manager - he adjusted our bill, and wait for it...AFTER we paid with cash the server tracks us down in the parking lot to give us the new bill??...lol...really, keep it - we are not coming back!
3	I went here tonight with my daughter.  It was quite busy and we were seated at a high standing type table immediately but they asked if that would be ok.  I ordered the Fish and Chips and my daughter had the Chicken Fried Chicken.   The Fish and Chips were average at best.   Small portions of both.  My daughter enjoyed the chicken fried chicken.  I had a homemade root beer and it was not very good.  It had a bad aftertaste in my opinion.   We had the brownie and ice cream for desert and it was good but nothing spectacular.   The host and our waitress were very friendly and engaging.   I had been there once before and had the best chicken pot pie I had ever had.  Overall the meal was OK.  I would probably call to see if they had the Chicken Pot pie again before going back.  I prefer BJ's on Northern and the 101.
4	Just had a couple beers and some appetizers since it was late.The rock bottom ipa is a fairly decent ipa compared to the numerous I have tasted. Just had the one beer though so can't speak to the rest of there drafts.The chicken quesadilla and the ahi appetizers were very good. The ahi was a sushi type appetizer with a soy based sauce, garnish, and chop sticks. The quesadilla was good and I had no complaints about it. Service was good for a Sunday night and they are open late. Kitchen closes about 11 though. I will be coming back.
1	Went there on a Saturday evening and the place wasn't very busy. My family and I sat at our table for fifteen minutes and never had any of the four servers in the area stop to take a drink order, say hi, or even acknowledge my party's existence. Got up and left.
4	I had been to a Rock Bottom restaurant before (in Illinois), but this may have been my best experience at one yet.I didn't think the restaurant interior looked as nice as the location I visited in Illinois, but for some reason I thought the food was a whole lot better. We couldn't believe how good everything we ordered was. We ordered some guacamole along with a brewery appetizer platter and we cleaned the plate. I also had the Tuscan Shrimp Pasta, which I thought was excellent. The service could have been a little better and the price is a little more expensive than what we expected, but I think we will be back for the food!
5	We went to Rock Bottom for the first time last night (date night). We had excellent food and the service was amazing. Our waitress explained all the beers, rec. food, and even threw in dessert on the house. We had a blast and can't wait to go back!!
3	Seasonal beers can be quite good. The regular beers are OK to mediocre. Food is typical for bars but kind of pricey.They don't offer entertainment unless your idea of fun is to sit in front of the bar and watch ESPN.
4	Huge selection of beers.. Ambiance is also great.. food is awesome....try the chicken nachos...just awesome !
4	I love the beer here. I had a crappy experience last time I went. Server seemed to be more concerned with sidebar conversations with co workers than taking care of our party. Took drink order and went MIA. Our tab was 97 bucks before tip for three (off happy hour). I still recommend this place food is good, but can be pricey off happy hour though. Beers are great. happy hour is great the have half off apps yeah! I have had wonderful service here in the past and will return. They do to go growlers of beer!
4	Always great food. Service was top notch.
5	First time at Rock bottom. Definitely a good price for what you get. Food was so fresh and hot when It came out. Happy hour from 4-7 and then again from 10-12. Beer made in house and definitely a good selection for every taste bud.
3	I have dined at RBRB twice in as many weeks, mainly because of my craving for the Chicken-Bacon Mac and Cheese.  I absolutely love it!  Have tried their beer and and have found a couple that are really good, I just wish someone in this town served beer iced cold in a truly frosted glass, not just cold in a cold glass.  Others in my party had the fish and chips and the lobster-shrimp enchiladas.  Both were served hot and well presented and the taste was good.Neither time did I have to wait to be seated, both times around 8:30 pm on Friday.  My servers were always attentive and friendly, so I have no complaints about the customer service.  Being on a time constraint, we enjoyed our beer, ate, and were out within the hour.  I will go back.
3	It's as impersonal as any other chain restaurant. The food has no flair or creativity. And depending on what you order can be really great or really disgusting. Caution: items arrive not as described on the menu!Maybe if I liked beer I might enjoy it a little more.I'm exhausted of having nothing original in Arrowhead/Peoria area!
4	Good food, good service, Great Beer, and decent prices.
4	I usually avoid chain restaurants, but Rock Bottom is pretty consistently good everywhere I go. I was in Phoenix for a week and the Arrowhead location was a short walk from my hotel, so I ended up hanging out there a few times. The staff was friendly, and the food and brews were tasty. It was nice to have a go-to place when I was too tired or too lazy to look for something else, but even when I went out to other places, I didn't feel the service was as good as I got at Rock Bottom. One guy in particular, Jason, remembered my name on my second visit, which made me feel right at home.
1	We've been customers at this Rock Bottom for more than 8 years.  Tonight we were asked to leave immediately after arriving.  Why?  Because my boyfriend worked for an affiliated restaurant and it didn't work out so he left.  Is that a reason to ask someone to leave?  I think not,  One star is well-deserved for the incredibly poor way they treat their loyal patrons.
5	We visit this location frequently... 3-4 times a month.  There has always been someone to greet us as we walk in at the Hostess station.  We generally sit in the outside bar area or in the bar during the summer.  The beers are great and I prefer the Red, however the servers ALWAYS tell me what's new on the seasonal beer list and we enjoy different good beer all year long.  Their food is great and the selections are not just the same old thing like soooo many other places.  They offer new seasonal menu items as well and always have something new to try that is  fairly priced.  The servers in the bar area are awesome!  I have never had anything but GREAT service.  They remember what my husband and I like to drink and they are genuinely friendly.  This is one of our families favorite places...
5	Amazing service! I have dietary restrictions with Gluten, and they took care of me! Busted out their internal menu which shows the ingredients for everything! Grilled me a chicken breast with steamed veggies and it was perfect! Perfect portion perfect seasoning... No salt! I loved it. Thanks for understanding and taking the time!
4	Good beer...good food, but hey, Rock Bottom...take a hint from your neighbors over at Red Robin and stop letting people bring their kids, little or otherwise, into your bar! All your Adult customers will really appreciate it!
4	Had the wings and Italian sausage pizza. They were exceptional. Very very good. Being a brew house we tried the honey ale and the white ale. I liked the white ale, honey ale had a bad after taste. Overall it was great.
2	A decent place to have a drink while watching a game. The food, however, was not impressive. The artichoke crab dip was awful. The veggie quesadillas were ok. The waiter ignored us for a long time, and when the manager walked by, he coughed on our table. There's bound to be better places in the area.
4	My wife and I had dinner with some friends on Halloween night.  The place was pretty empty, but that's probably because of Halloween.  I go there for one dish --the Mac & Chicken.  It was terrific as usual.  My wife and my friends had salmon and fish & chips and their dinners were good.  The server was friendly and attentive...some of the other servers were dressed for Halloween.  Overall, a good experience.
4	Our lunch was great here! Pizza/salad combo was delicious and good price. Lots of food for the price! Bartender was also our waitress, professional, nice looking, great service!
5	Our lunch/dinner was perfectly prepared and excellent!  Loved getting my burger medium, as requested.  Claudes enchilada dish was stuffed with fresh lobster and shrimp.  Our waitress was one of the best we have come across.  We'll likely ask for her next time we stop here.  Her name is "Crystal".
4	Would give this place a 5 star if the service was top notch. But it made the difference. Definitely a solid 4.5 star and great eatery. Burger was delicious.Beers are amazing, of course.Have tried a pizza, its pretty solid.
3	Went here for the first time in Jan. Had great service, great dinner of Mac n cheese, and cold beer. Signed up for their club dining card. Came again in February. Turns out we were told the wrong info about how the card works the first time. Had the hot cheese dip and it was so salty we could barely eat it and left it. Ordered a burger medium well and when it came,  I cut it in half so it would be easier to pick up. Then I looked at the side of the cut burger. The cow was still alive and mooed at me! Got the waiter and sent it back. My beer came and was lukewarm. I asked the waiter if this was the normal temp of their beer. I was told that is the way it comes out of the tap. Don't they keep the beer in a cold enough room? What will it be like in the hundred degree summer? Got another beer in a frosted mug and it was better. You must get a frosted mug in order to have a cool beer I guess.Ok the first visit, not ok the second. Might or might not return.
5	We enjoyed an awesome Valentines dinner here!  Had reservations for 8pm, showed up about a half hour early and were taken right to a booth as requested.  Amina was our server for the evening, and she was great!  Very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  I ordered the Perfect Patron Margarita, it was average for my liking but I certainly didn't let it go to waste.  For the appetizer we tried the Jalapeno Pretzel Sticks with the jalapeno spinach cheese dip.  The pretzel sticks were huge!  The cheese dip was like a spinach queso blanco.  Anima highly recommended the Brew House Chicken, grilled chicken served over white cheddar mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies.  The grilled chicken and potatoes had a brown mushroom gravy on it...YUM!  Veggies were also cooked perfectly!  Hubby had the 11oz sirloin medium rare, and that's how he got it, with mashed potatoes and lemon rice.  Overall great service & great food, two thumbs up!
5	This is my favorite restaurant. They are so consistent with everything there. From the quality of food and bev to service. They make their own beer their which is very delicious. They always have the same beers on tap but have rotating special brews. the beer is top notch. the food as well is great. they like to experiment which i like. the atmosphere is awesome. the red brick walls, dark wood furnishings, low level light, and the really beautiful copper bar makes you want to stay, relax, have a beer and read a book. on Fridays and Saturdays it gets busy but not bar or clubby. they are in a class of their own. Ryan the bartender is great, always remembers you, and greets you with a smile and your beer. BTW the brewmaster knows his shit lol
4	The bourbonzola burger is outstanding and I'm pretty sure they have a little old southern lady trapped on the kitchen because the chicken fried chicken is too notch!
5	Ate here with my mom and mother-in-law after shopping nearby. Everything was great from the service to the food!
5	This restaurant / brewery is an excellent place to wet your whistle and throw down some wonderful eats. The Happy Hour is amazing!! The waiting staff and bartenders were exceptionally pleasant and knowledgable. I had the Bacon Chicken Mac N Cheese w/ Jalapeno and a Patron Margahrita. The drink was GREAT and the Mac N Cheese is to die for!! Rock Bottom is a good place to chill out and enjoy the food, atmosphere, and superb drinks!!
3	Dropped by after the Padres' spring training game to watch the NCAA tournament. All good.
4	We started with an appetizer of Calamari, and thus why 4 stars and not 5.  The calamari was rubbery, I would say it taste like it was frozen.  I also had a white beer, very good.  We shared the ribeye with onion rings and veggies.  The steak was cooked perfectly, and the veggies were amazing.  Since we shared we splurged for dessert and shared the carrot cake for two.  Should be for three or even four.  Great carrot cake.
5	Great service. Had the sampler beer and really enjoyed it. Service was friendly
4	Haven't been to Rock Bottom in a long time and decided we needed to check it out once again.  The service was prompt and friendly. I couldn't resist ordering the Bacon Chicken Mac N Cheese. Let me just say YUM!!!!! My husband enjoyed his burger as well. We will put it on our list of places near our home that are have satisfying comfort food.
3	The best part about this one is sitting in the bar, watching all the old people from Sun City.  It's the pick up bar for old people.  The parking lot is full of Buicks.   Good food too.
4	Service took a long time to get to us so minus 1 star.  Now to the food...had the chicken fried chicken and it was probably the best I have ever had.  Moist and tender with a great crispy batter.  The cheddar mashed potatoes were awesome.  Will definitely be back! I want to try to 2 am burger. ..hash brown, bacon and fried egg on a burger...sounds delicious.
2	After reading all of the reviews it seemed like a good place to go for the first time, I was not satisfied with my meal nor the appetizer we got. The steak I ordered was mostly fat rather than meat. The service was great however I did not enjoy the food.
3	Service wise, this visit sucked! Came here around 4pm, we sat on the patio & there were still plenty of empty tables.   Our server came & took our drink order, brought our drinks & then we didn't see him again for almost 15 minutes.  He finally saw us & said he'd be right there....5 minutes later he shows up to take our dinner order.  Hubby got the 2 AM burger & I ordered the chicken fried chicken.  It took 30 minutes for our food to come out which wasn't even brought to us by our server, this other gal just kinda set it down & left. My mashed potatoes were ice cold & hard as a rock, yuck. I could tell the server wasn't coming back so I just ate the chicken. We finished our food & sat & sat until another server saw, took our plates & immediately left so I couldn't even tell her about the potatoes. Finally our original server came & dropped the check off. Luckily, we didn't really have anywhere to be & it was beautiful outside so sitting around wasn't the WORST thing in the world...just kind of a bummer to wait & wait.I really enjoyed the chicken & the gravy was DEEEELISH! Was def bummed about not getting to enjoy the potatoes since so many people raved about them.  Hubby LOVED his burger so we will probably give this place another shot.
5	I love this place. Located right in the little city I grew up in.. along with the awesome craft beer comes some of the BEST food you can imagine. The reverse happy hour food is unbeatable. But! bring back the macaroni &cheese bites! Oh yeah, the bartender Ryan is the coolest!
3	I personally did not enjoy being in this place too much but they have a wide variety of beers that can suffice for a casual catch up over drinks/single outing.
5	Went there on a date lunch for my late honeymoon with my hubby. We got seated right away as there wasn't a big crowd. We sat by the bar, had fish and chips which was very good but the side of coleslaw could have done without the apples. But the service from the bartender was awesome and recommended an excellent beer choice. We will definitely be going back for another date lunch or date night when we can. To the bartender who looks like a taller Chip Foose you are awesome!!!
3	Wow what a disappointing experience tonight! The restaurant overbooked reservations and was so  unorganized that we waited for over a half an hour for the reservation and sitting with no menus. The servers rebounded, but never once saw management staff? The worst part is that it was a special occasion and 25% of the party was current or previous restaurant employees. It was embarrassing and sad. They get 3 out of 5 since the servers jumped on it and tried to make it better and the food was good.
5	My wife and I had had a dinner here. Our first time at this establishment. It was awesome! Service was very good and the burgers were oh-my-god-don't-even-get-me-started great! I also had the Rocktoberfest Red Ale and was the best RED ale I've had. And A okay on food and service and a thumbs up on their brews!
4	Pricy menu but happy hour backs up. Wow. One 16 oz beer got me buzzz...zipps' 32oz bud light don't even do none to me!! So..house brewed beers...rocks! Our server Ashely was prompt and attentive! Leaving happy
5	Me and my girlfriend have been coming here for the last year and we love the place. I usually get the wheat ale and my girlfriend gets the kolsch. We split the nachos with chicken and it's always filled us both up. Service wise it's very good. We have one or two subpar serving experiences but otherwise it has been flawless. The same server usually takes care of us and he's always great. They currently have the rocktoberfest brew that I'd highly recommend. It is what got me hooked on this place.
4	The drive over here is a pain. The Management of this company are complete idiots for closing the Desert Ridge location. We love the food, beer and ambiance. While the aforementioned are prime motivators to come here, we mainly do so due to 1 bartender who had worked at Desert Ridge location and we got to be great friends with. Hell of a guy and damn hard worker. The old staff at the DR location were much more friendly than the staff here. They are good, dont get me wrong, but definitely not as personable.
2	Beers good but the food has shrunk. Had the Ahi Tuna and it was much much smaller then the last time I was Herr. Along with the egg rolls are very disappointingly small portions. Won't be coming back anytime soon except for maybe a beer or two.
4	This is a place that is good for both family and date night. We usually order the bourbon salmon, so good, always perfectly cooked with really good smokey flavor and of course the bourbon sauce is amazing. My kids usually order the self made pizza, they have fun making and eating the food.
5	First time coming to this place definitely will be back! Food was good and not too badly price. And friendly staff.
1	We love this place and go there often... Until now! We made reservations for 10 + 2 high chairs. We ended up having 14 adults and said we could sit the kids on our laps. They refused to make accommodations for two extra seats because they were more concerned about future reservations they had after us. The manager had no solutions for us and we were forced to leave after 12 of us were already seated with drinks. Unless we are contacted by someone other than the terrible manager and his sidekick, we will never be back. We recommend you stay away if you're trying to book a large party. Hey, Rock Bottom PR, if you're reading this... The 14 of us spent over $1,000 on drinks and food at Arriba's right up the street.
