4	Saw Lisa Landry here on Saturday night. SOOO funny! The place wasn't huge, but comfortable. I had a great time! Would definitely recommend it. The price is worth it. Was $15/person.
5	Stand Up Scottsdale Comedy Club was great and one of our new favorite places to spend a night on a weekend. Great talent, John Rory had us in stitches! Great atmosphere, the Mexican food was real tasty and great with the cold beer and the location is perfect for locals ~ admission is priced right at $15. Howard Hughes is our new best friend! We've got our eye on you and we'll be back soon!
5	Last night we saw Tom Segura at the comedy club. Absolutely hilarious! The venue is great and we always feel so welcome by the comedians and Howard. You have to check this place out! You can't go wrong with Standup Scottsdale!
4	As good as it gets! Lisa Landry, a great comedian. This is a great atmosphere and worth the admission.
5	The bartender was cool as hell. Got drunk with Bruce Jingles and the stage setup is cool. I hope it grows into something bigger
5	Was our 1st time and we found a new place to frequent!  The place was packed and all comedians were great.  We especially loved Lisa Landry and Emily Galati -was an ab workout from laughing!  Nice venue, good location and nice bar to hang in afterward!
5	Last night's Friday Night Lights show was way more than we expected. GREAT fun with local talent on stage. Made us feel like we were watching Last Comic Standing. As always... HH you always bring home!! The place was packed and great entertainment!! Flip Schultz..hilarious!!! Until next time!
4	Took the gf here last night since it was a relatively new comedy spot and we didn't feel like heading to Tempe for a laugh fix. The place is kindaa small...only 80 seats or, but good views all around. The host/manager(?) had the usual warm up jokes, but most missed...and he knew it. The rest of the line up ranged from ok to really vulgar.There were 3 bright spots. The guy working the check/D.J. had some good jokes and had some great audience participation. Next onstage was "The Dirty Guitar Girl". She sang thru her set on topics like 69, women shaving vs. hairy "down there", and smoking weed and she was hilarious! I think here name was Allison so check her out when she comes back. The headliner was Flip Shultz (Allison's new fiance, we found out) and he brought it. Real funny, and sometimes intellectual comedy, which I love...no wonder this guy has been on Comedy Central. For his last joke, he brought Allison back on stage and they sang a blowjob song to the music of Loveshack (appropriately named Nut Sack) complete with Allison on her knees and tongue stuck in her cheek while holding the mic. My gf was in tears she was laughing so hard!!! Wasn't going to rate this place very highly, but the talent director deserves lots of credit. Oh, and they have a 2 for 1 deal if you tell them you yelp.
5	As someone who simply loves to laugh, I have been to almost every comedy venue in the valley and -hands down-, I love SUS the most. Every friend I've brought loves it as well. The atmosphere of the room is great--it's an actual decorated room attached to a restaurant/bar and not a black box space that reeks of old stale cigarettes. The comics are fabulous and change every week, so you never know what you're gonna get, which keeps the place exciting and refreshing. I have laughed so hard there I've literally been in tears and my face aches when I leave. I truly appreciate how much the producers of the show support local comics as well as bringing in out-of-towners. It keeps the shows from being stale and mixes things up a bit. This is a great place to come with friends or family, and also makes for a great first date, especially if you're looking to do something a little different. Even so, if you make the 8 PM show,  you still have plenty of time to hit the bars or see a late movie.  They also serve really great food at happy hour prices during the entire show and drinks are reasonably priced.  Service is improving but could be better. Overall, a really great place to get away, share some laughs, and forget about your troubles for a couple of hours.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
4	Went to a show Friday Jan. 15, 2011. Wow, What fun. The talent was great more of an older crowd not to many college kids which was okay. You have to get there early long lines small venue. The waitress looked like they just rolled out of bed & have an attitude(I would have an attitude if I woke up at 7pm and had to go to work. That's the impression that I got) but wasn't there for them. I went to laugh and I did Mostly because they had great acts. Good place. I Will Go Back and I'll bring more friends with me.
5	only one word needed to describe Stand-up Scottsdale Comedy Club....WOW...WOW...WOW!!!!  We know how funny Howard is, Ricardo came out with some add-ons to his already hilarious schtik, and he was so helpful in finding us 7 seats in a completely packed house that was on fire last night. GREAT comics, all of them and as usual we laughed our asses off from beginning to end.... We brought out of town friends, and a couple from in town, and they want to return for next week's show they enjoyed it so much. I will definitely be making reservations  this time to make sure we get seats (GOOD ONE'S )! Thank you guys for making Saturday night date night, affordable, so much fun and always worth returning again over and over!
5	been to a few comedy clubs in my time. Best ambiance, best line-up and Henry was an amazing and funny host. Highly recommended.
4	A great place to go for some laughs! I was there with a group of friends to see another friend of ours perform on Saturday night. Stand Up, Scottsdale! is a big room inside a restaurant inside a hotel, but that shouldn't stop anyone from enjoying the place. It feels small, but still has a pretty good set up. It caters more to local up and comers, and the headliners aren't all that big of a name, but for the low price they charge, you can live with it. The club has the expected two item minimum, but the drink prices were more than reasonable. Food and drink all come the restaurant, so it's real food and the typical "club" menu at other places. The waitresses are good, but there's no real system to their service. When we sat down one took our order, then two more asked us what we wanted. They probably should try to do a better job of zoning the tables, but then again I'm complaining about people trying to serve me, so I guess that's not a bad thing. They also didn't do a good job of blocking the shows. We were there for the 10:00 show, but the 8:00 show got out late, and ours didn't start until after 10:30, and it let out around 12:30.  But, it's Saturday night, so that shouldn't be a problem for most people.
5	Did a groupon for this place (had never heard of it before) and initially apologized to my friend for bringing him to a club in a Clarion Hotel.  It actually ended up being a great time!  There were several comedians (beyond the opening and main act), including some last minute local acts.   I will definitely put another outing to this place on my schedule, with an even larger group of friends.
5	We have been to Stand-Up Scottsdale twice now with our most recent visit to the show on 3-4-11. We really enjoy going and recommend it to all of our friends. Pros: Great comicsGood staffCheap drink prices ($4 beers, $5 mixed drinks)Cheap ticket priceCon: (only one):Idiots interrupting comics during their sets... while this isn't the fault of the staff I feel that they should be kicked out right away. I'm sure that everyone who attended this night would agree that the sloppy drunk yelling  "HOLLA" and her table constantly talking and the front chit chatty accountant table ruined our enjoyment of the show as a whole. I would go as far as to say I'm guessing the comics who performed would agree and wish they would have had 2 less tables to perform to. (I will say that Jeff taking Negative Nancy's chair and tossing it off stage was hilarious though)Even with this less than ideal experience we will still be returning the next chance we get.
3	Not sure it was an off night or what at this place with the crowd and stand-ups. They had 6 comedians and 2.5 were decent. Alot of annoying crowd drunks yelling out  and heckling stand ups gets really annoying for patrons and I'm sure comedians. A few standups last night just kinda took the cheap shots and ignored em which as a good comedian you either 1. Rip the heckler apart  like Joe Rogan did to drunk lady in crowd in Vegas ( youtube it) so no one else dares shout out. 2. Kick em out  3. Or have top of the line stand ups, who wont get heckled out of respect.  Which is tough to do because this place is newer and lower budget vs Improv. The layout of place wAs nice. They only had a couple of servers and my date and I were drinkless all night and never asked if we wanted anything, which we gladly would have ordered. So service needs to step it up.
5	We've been 4 times and will continue to return. Howard Hughes the host is VERY FUNNY, and continues to present great talent and up to the minute relevent comedy. This  comedy club is the best kept secret in Scottsdale. The cover & drink prices are inexpensive. It's great live entertainment value. It's a fun evening out that's easy on the wallet!!!!Alan O
5	First time I attended this comedy club.  I guess what it comes down to is the talent level of the comics.  All the comics were hilarious last night.  The feature & the headliner killed. Outrageously funny!  The 3 opening acts all had funny material as well.  5 comics for $10 was a great value.  Great time and I will check it out again.
4	Very fun place to watch some comedy! We enjoyed all the acts here, and the layout of the place is great too.The food and drinks were also good, and they were reasonably priced. Our waitress did mess up our order once, and she also mixed up the credit cards on the bills. Other than that, we had a great time, and we would definitely return!
4	I'd go back.  Went with a big group.  Service was good, surprisingly.  The comedians were all getting laughs; however, there was one young Hispanic newbie comedian that was really funnier to me than the old time comedians.  Hope he keeps it up!  This is a good, cheap venue for  having fun, folks.
5	Great laughs for a great value! The new club in Old Town has a great comedy club feel without being hugely impersonal. There are great comedians coming in each week, and for only $15 per person, it's great!Food is alright, I had the cheese platter - nothing crazy spectacular, but we came for the laughs, not the food. They also have open mic nights every Wednesday.Great location in Old Town! I had a blast with another couple and they're going back.Howard Hughes has connections in the comedy arena and is bringing in great up and coming comedians.Check it out - you won't be disappointed.
4	I found this place via groupon and will definitely be back. I took my wife for some drinks and laughs and this place delivered both well. The headliners are legit comics, many with TV specials under their belt. The drinks were very reasonable and my wife enjoyed the cocktails. Decent selection of beer as well. Intimate setting and the producer is a funny, personable guy. A good place to meet friends for an affordable night out.
4	Went for the first time just tonight at their new location near Old Town and we had a great time! There was a little confusion when we first arrived about where to go, how to get in and how to get seated but once the show started all that was forgotten. Comics were great, the club was comfortable and everyone seemed to have a good time. We will definately be going back again, hopefully with a group of friends next time.
4	I am a fan of comedy clubs, but had only been to a couple in the past. But going to Stand Up, Scottsdale! was just as good, if not better, than any previous experience I'd had.The setting, while not looking like much from the outside, is spectacular. Inside the comedy club, you'll find an intimate setting where the comedians are so close you can touch them. You are also seated close to other patrons. Some may like a bit more space, but to me, this only enhances the comedy experience.And the acts, well, they are incredible. We were lucky enough to see 4 comedians the night we were there, and all 4 shined. I rarely had a moment when I wasn't laughing.If you get food while at Stand Up, Scottsdale! expect typical bar fare. Not that there's anything wrong with it, because it's delicious! Just make sure you know what to expect.The only issue I saw was that we were seated in the front row, and the server had a hard time getting to us to take our drink orders. We were given a drink before the show, and then no service after that. There is also a two drink minimum at this location, and I'd have loved to have had another drink while watching the comedians. I think it might have just been too crowded for the server to make his way to us.All in all, it was a fabulous night. I'll definitely go back, and I suggest everyone else go as well!
5	Went to the club last night and it was awesome !  First off they asked us were we heard about the club and we told them yelp and they gave us the five dollars off each of our tickets . We got seated in the front which made us a little uncomfortable so they moved us right away to amazing comfortable private seats in the back .there were a few comedians before the headliner Sarah Tiana they were ok but nothing compared to her she was super funny, witty ECT.We almost left before she came on but was enticed back in to watch her by Howard the host who by the way is also really funny and a amazing host and I am really thankful we went back in Sarah made the whole show ! We had food it was ok drinks were good and service was great! I can't wait to go back I think we just found our new favorite place !!
5	This place is great! I got the yelp discount and it was only $10 for me and my boyfriend to see 5 great comedians; the headliner especially was really funny! They started a few minutes late but apologized and we didn't mind, the connecting bar was pretty cool so we enjoyed a drink before the show began. There was plenty of seating and even people in the back weren't too far back and could hear well. The waiters were very attentive and made sure we had enough food and drinks. We didn't eat anything but the menu is pretty typical bar food and the drinks were good. There is a two drink minimum which I don't like, but it's pretty typical for comedy clubs and with the cheap tickets it ended up being about $18 per person. All in all, this place was great and I would definitely come back!
4	A friend bought some tickets on groupon and invited us to join them for a night out.  We had no expectations about what to expect, but were just looking forward to a night out and a few drinks.  When we first entered, it was a little disappointing to see a very small room with a tiny stage and bar.  However, we quickly overheard someone mention the room next door.  It turned out the comedy club was in an adjoining room and we were basically in the holding area bar.  Promptly at showtime we were ushered into the main room and seated in the front row.  I was quickly impressed with the quality of the comedians and found myself laughing outloud often.  The waitress kept the beers coming and the comics delivered a very entertaining evening.  I will definitely come back !
4	We went last night to watch some comedy from local performers and a fellow yelper.  We had a great time.  I didn't know about this place.  It is a neat place and we will be back.
5	Great place to go with friends or even a date. Who doesn't love to laugh?!
4	Gee, I felt like I was in Phoenix instead of Snottsdale!  Great show with headliner Warren B. Hall, who grew up in Phoenix!  He is hilarious and truly a "funny man" meaning he knows how to tell jokes with imagination and without so much vulgarity and he doesn't overly curse throughout the show to make the act seem cool and funny. He will definitely get his own show one day.And it's only $15 per person and worth the amusement.  Drinks were drinks but it's more about the feel of the place, more intimate setting unlike another new comedy club which packs the herds in.  Definitely, if you like stand up comedy, try out this place, kinda deceiving decor outside, it's dark out front and you don't know which door to go through but all in all, good experience!
5	I did not stop laughing once during the show.  There we 3 comedians before the headliner and they were all hilarious.  The headlining comedian was so funny.  I wish I could repeat some of the jokes but they would surely violate some yelp policies on profanity haha.  We were seated in the main room before other guests because we agreed to order some dinner.  We just got some loaded fries and nachos.  Typical bar food and they were good.  Had a full bar but we didn't utilize it more than a couple rounds of draft beers.The waitress was prompt and not pushy which I liked very much.The host was friendly and made a few jokes himself.  Never felt uncomfortable or out of place like I do at other Scottsdale venues time to time.Can't wait to go back and would recommend this venue to others.
5	I saw their Groupon for four people to attend for $25 (awesome deal!), and have never gone to a venue here before... so we had to give it a shot! It was definitely worth it and would pay full price to come back here again!Either I was smiling, giggling, laughing really hard, and/or had tears rolling down from laughing REALLY hard. Never a dull moment! The openers, headliner, and even the host were all hilarious! Great show, great staff, great drinks & appetizers. You can either hangout in the waiting area and have a drink, or you can go into the main room and have appetizers and drinks before everyone is seated. It is open seating...the comedians, at this show, did not pick on anyone in the front as I thought they would. The host did plenty of that though!Goodtimes, I will be back!! :)
3	A friend and I went this past Friday night for the first time. I am a big fan of stand up comedy, watch it on Comedy Central and have been to the Improv a number of times. One thing about comedy is the crowd makes all the difference. Our crowd was AWFUL. A bunch of wasted girls celebrating a birthday kept screaming out random interruptions and it was really messing up the people's acts. I felt like the staff should have done something to control this. Comedy was hit or miss...but you are never going to like every comedian's material and style. It was nothing I would rave to friends about, but for the price it is a fun and different thing to do on a fri/sat night. Also, drinks are weak and overpriced for the size (to be expected in comedy clubs as this is their main source of revenue)....one thing I found tacky is the bartender in the pre/post show room maid my friend and I some fun drinks called "Psychotic Episodes" ...I think we mostly liked the name but they were good. We tried ordering them once sat for the show and they said they didn't have the ingredients to make it...it is a different bar. I thought that looked bad on their part...go ask the guy to make them for us for goodness sake! We'll say maybe I'll be back...more likely to try a different comedy spot though.
5	It was a little hard to find in old town Scottsdale, not exactly what we were expecting. There is a 2 drink minimum and the prices are reasonable. We went here on a Friday, when we first entered the place it was like a small bar a couple tables, a stage and Stripper poles? There was a full bar and the 2 bartenders were Very polite, we had a drink or two and it was time to get seated for the show, we were shown into a larger room. It was a small crowd but it was good. The comedians were Awesome, There was a guy named David, he did redneck jokes, some a little off the wall but had us laughing.. The Producer, Maybe he was the owner Howard, He looked just like "Steve Zahn" he was so funny! My favorite was the headliner Ruben Paul, my group did not stop laughing it was nice that we weren't right up front because he was ripping on the people in the tables that he could see.  We were safe hidden in the dark of the room =) I will forever remember the word "ABSOLUTELY" (you would only understand if you were there) I would definitely recommend  and most likely be back to Standup Scottsdale!! Thanks for a memorable evening out!
4	What a fun night! Used the Yelp discount and received $5 off at the door ... By the way, bring cash cuz they don't take cards! The late show got started a few min late due to the first show running long I guess... Luckily for us, there is a bar attached to the club where you can wet your whistle while you wait.  =)   There were 4 people on stage prior to the headliner, all were funny, some more than others. Our table particularly enjoyed when the comedians took note of a table in front that wasn't laughing at anything... Ever. It was seriously as though they had no idea laughing was allowed. Oh well, we had a blast!! The comedians were cool and stuck around to thank everybody for coming out to the show and we got some coupons for $5 off next time we came.  Will do! Thanks Howard!!  =)Great spot for groups, birthdays and anybody who can relax and just have fun!
2	To Howard. I owe you an apology for my first review for it was in poor form for me to mention another comedy club while I was doing a review for Stand-Up Comedy. To the person who called me a "shill". I am not a "shill". I have nothing to do with the other establishment and was not scoping out Stand-Up to see what they were about. My husband and I had just put our cat, which was bottle fed and raised to be with us for 20 years, to sleep and we were looking to do something to breathe some laughter into our sadness. Let me start off by saying that this review is "our experience" is may have not been the same for someone else attending the same show. My husband and I went to the Stand-Up Comedy Club for the first time this past Friday. We arrived about 6:50 P.M. The show was advertised to start at 7:00 P.M. but did not start until about 7:20 P.M. When we first arrived we were told to wait in a bar area. We observed a couple of poles, curtains, and small stages in the front. Our first thought was that it was, or had been, a strip club. We started to leave. We thought the bar we were in was where the comedians would perform and we did not like the feeling of the bar. The bartender, and man by the bar, who appeared to work there, told us the comedy club was next door. They informed us that the bar was just a place for people to wait and get out of he heat. Both the bartender and the man were very nice and cordial. The comedians, for us, were so so. Howard Hughes, I believe he is the director of the club, was very nice and we liked his routine the best. We liked the way he interacted with the crowd. Unfortunately, we did not like the headliner's style and ended up leaving during his routine. The Comedy Club was nicely done. The large lights could be toned down as they interfere with the ability to see the performers and are very bright. There is a two drink minimum purchase which is standard for most comedy clubs. If we were to go to this comedy club again we would heed to Howard's suggestion and watch the videos of the comedians before making a decision to go or not.
3	My first experience here was only okay. The music when we arrived was way too loud. We couldn't have a conversation at our table and it was very cold in there. Our server was not great, the food was okay at best (standard bar food, nothing special), but the comedy saved it. The host for the night was great and the headliner was outstanding. We had seats right up front so we felt like part of the show. The point of a comedy club is to make you laugh and that they did, I just wish the rest of the experience was better.
4	The good: hysterical comedians, including Howard. There was only one of the four that I wouldn't pay to hear again--or wish to hear at all. The headliner Lachlan was hilarious, he sure knows how to "party". It was a  fair price, I didn't use the Yelp discount but it was worth the 15 dollars, plus the two drink minimum. Room for improvement? Well I asked for a glass of water in the bar, and also in the club to compliment the alcohol. I was told twice they don't serve free water. First time in 15 years in AZ i was told that. that's unfortunate as its a reasonable request that's never been refused anywhere.
5	LOVE this place! Went back for a second time last weekend and had so much fun! The first time we went we saw it on groupon - looked like something fun to do. We loved it so much we went back a second time and had even more fun. Great comedians, great staff, low prices (drinks $5-6, most expensive food item about $9, admission $10-15), and cool atmosphere. Most of the acts were awesome and the headliner Laughlin was hilarious! I laughed so hard I cried!! Howard, the owner, is super nice and super funny and he remembered us which was awesome. Can't wait to go back!
5	Not what you would expect in Scottsdale. If you are the metro-douche or gold digging Botox chick, this is not your place. The club is what it is, dark, in need of some TLC and the bathrooms look like some drag queens got a bit too rowdy by taking out a part of the wall in the ladies. Food smelled amazing for Sterno cooked bar food, drinks were more than tasty, staff was friendly. Beware if you review this place or Tweet about it before you get the full experience, expect to be roasted. The laughs are abundant and you won't leave disappointed or empty handed. Some of the best talent for this diamond in the rough, I will be coming back here and telling all my friends to come here. Howard thanks for being such a good sport to my digs and thanks for dishing it out to me. UBER props.
4	Let's ignore the trivial stuff - this is a comedy club and what's important is that every person who walked on that stage had me laughing. My cheeks hurt when I walked out of there. I will be back, they are stuck with me now.
3	My husband and I joined fellow Yelpers Jim & Audrey for a show at Stand-up last...well, it's been so long I can't remember when, but there was a Yelp special for tickets!We arrived somewhat early and took a seat in the bar next door to the showroom.  I can't remember the bartender's name, but he certainly can pour a strong drink!  The two I had were plenty, and the show had not yet started.  The bar, however, was sweltering hot.  There's a clue.  The show must have been in early summer before our buddies moved.Once the doors opened, we waited in line to file in.  I'm not sure what point was served in making a reservation because we weren't seated any earlier, nor in any better position than those who crowded in ahead of us without reservations.  There is a limited menu available, typical burgers, nachos, chips, etc.  We only ordered french fries and popcorn.  Neither were exceptional, but obviously good enough that I couldn't quit shoving them down.  Service was just fine, too.As far as the comedy..some were funny, some not so much.  But overall, a fun evening for a reasonable price.
5	Great show full menu and bar.
5	Saturday night was AWESOME!!!! Great line up! Howard was hilarious.....Pickle (Michael Kosta) was the best comedian I have seen in years LOVE him!!!!
3	Went here to the FREE show on a Th. This took place in a small room, very intimate I'll say. The guy behind the bar was THE STAR! he is very patient, polite and though their selection of food is not large, I was pleased to taste a FRESH done grilled chicken sandwich with fresh fried fries. YEAKS!But again...denying the access to tap water...really is that legal?? You have to buy an EVIAN plastic bottle. Not only I'm against plastic bottles, but I just wanted plain water. Gladly one of the comedians who is also a Yelper (Jerry F.) gave us complementary drink tickets (THANKS!!). Would I go again...maybe not. Though I saw shows like Seinfeld, and laugh with Curb your enthusiasm, growing and living outside US gives you a different sense of what is comedy and makes you laugh. Nice to try at least once!
5	Arguably the best stand up club in Arizona, Stand Up Scottsdale has great service, drinks, and comedians. It has a very intimate feel to it, yet there is still plenty of seating. It is great for a date or a group. I have been here many times, parking is free and even if the lot is full there are plenty of places to park on the block.The comedians are all great, I have rarely seen a bad set. The majority of the performers are clever, original, and very worth seeing. There is always something new happening and every night is a different fun experience. They are creating art here.The bartenders and servers are friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. The place is clean, and the overall experience is fantastic every time.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Had a blast at this amazing spot! A sold out show with hilarious comedians. Great service and atmosphere. Definitely will go back!
3	The comedians were funny with the exception of the host. That was painful.I didnt get the seating...we were made to sit at a table with two other people. There were other tables for two available. The place was far from packed. The prices were good, but Id be nervous to eat here. The menus were sticky. My diet coke came in a glass that smelled like booze and was also sticky. My husbands ice tea was funky. I get that this is a little comedy club...but you cant wash your bar glasses and make decent ice tea?! They also ran out of vodka, preventing me from ordering a cocktail. That aside, I would come back for the laughs! We did have a good time.
4	My party of 4 went last Friday to the Ty Barnett special engagement and enjoyed the show!  It was our first visit and started a little rocky in the lounge where you wait when my sister-in-law ordered a Margarita with Patron and took a drink and said it tasted like rancid mixer, after trying a couple of sips took it back to the bar and they traded it for a different drink.  We had a great time and will be back!
5	LMFAO!  Visiting from Philly.  I was skeptical about going to this club because the last comedy club I went to was totally lame.  They had 3 opening acts -- all were very funny. The headliner, Chris Porter, was particularly good.  All 4 comedians were young, edgy, and relevant. The staff was really friendly.  Totally recommend Stand-up Scottsdale -- it's worth the price of admission. BTW, make a reservation and get there at least a half hour before the show so that you can get a good seat.
4	For a small little venue, this is one of the hidden gems of Scottsdale.  The admission is normally just $10, and you buy your typical 2 drinks/item during the show.  The drinks and appetizers were very good quality, and we got served in the appropriate times of the show.  You had a nice intimate atmosphere with the comedians.  That may mean he/she picks on you more, but it makes it more fun and entertaining.  During our show, the headliner was some famous guy from the Food Network who also did several smaller skits on HBO.  I think the comedians are very original and know how to play off of the crowd.
4	I love to laugh! I really had no idea this place existed and probably would have never found it had it not been for the Groupon I bought. I just seen Stand-Up and Comedy Club and bought it without even noticing it was in Scottsdale. No worries though. Our only problem with the night was it was kind of confusing what was going on for a first timer. We got there close to the 9:00 pm start time and walked into this big room that I guess was a bar area where everyone had to wait. There was a sort of line to walk into the seating area but after asking people in this line what it was for, they weren't sure either lol! Once they started letting people in it was great from there. Abby and I got a nice intimate table, we didn't have to share it and weren't crowded in. They had several local comedians before the headliner and the locals hella impressed me. One did a song on the guitar that was hilarious. The MC did a great job keeping the show along. Also there was a crazy, obnoxious bachelorette party that sat right in front, talked the whole time and basically all acted a foo. This was easy material for all the comedians and I felt like it was an extra treat that most people don't get to see. Our waitress did a great job taking care of us, I was a little disappointed that the dessert I really wanted was not available that night but other than that drinks and food were a-okay! It ended up being the start to a great night in Old Town. I'll keep my eye on their lineup and hope to be back here again sometime soon.
5	Great time. Funny comedians. Headliner was hilarious. Drinks were priced as expected for a comedy club, but at least I could taste the Jack in my Jack and Coke!
4	We had a GREAT time!  The club was located in a great part of town that made it awesome to grab dinner, see the show and then go out after.  The comedians were great - the intimate setting really helps to connect with the people on stage.  It's also a great chance to see some comedians as they are coming up!  A lot of these people will hit the big time soon!Every seat is a good seat - perfect for small or large groups!  The wait staff and bartender took great care of us, definitely a great experience!I love going to comedy shows - it's great to have a comedy club in this part of town.  For anyone who enjoys the other clubs in town, you need to give this one a shot!  You will not be disappointed!
4	This comedy club is much smaller than Tempe Improv but is awesome in its own way. Reminds me of comedy clubs you'll find in Hollywood. Nice, cute, quant little places where you are so close to the comedian you can nearly touch him. Drinks were decent here and food was not bad either. I would definitely come back.
5	We had an awesome time. It is very intimate and the show was hilarious!  I definately recommend this Comedy Club
5	I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND everyone to go to Stand-Up Scottsdale.  The comedians were AMAZING and in my opinion, the owner was hilarious.  I literally cried because I was laughing so hard.  We both fell in love with a comedian by the name of Chris Franjola when we attended our first ever show on 04/27/12.  We also visited Stand up Scottsdale this past Friday (05/04/12) and I have to say that both times we had atteneded a show, the place had a very sparse crowd; more people NEED to go to this place so Stand-Up Scottsdale can stay in business!!!  The servers were very attentive and friendly and the food was pretty good. Overall I would highly recommend this comedy club! A must see! Remember that there is a two drink minimum though, so be prepared to spend a little money. :)Pros:  *Amazing Comedians            *Friendly owner            *Good Food (for a comedy club)            *Intimate Setting            *Attentive/Friendly ServiceCons: *The crowd was super small...more people need to go!!!!!!!!
4	To attend a show you have to make an online/phone reservation beforehand for the specific time/date you want. The weird part is they don't actually send you a confirmation e-mail or phone call, you kinda assume you have seats (unless the website/calendar indicates the show is sold out, then you aren't able to make reservations). Our tickets cost about $15, which is reasonable compared to other comedy shows.Once you arrive at the venue they give you a sticky note with a number on it and then you wait in the lobby with the rest of the people before the show starts. 20 minutes before the show starts they call people in groups according to the number you assigned and they check you off a list of people who've made reservations.The venue is smaller than the Tempe Improv (only 1 floor), but I like it because it gives a more intimate feel with the crowd (there def. isn't a bad seat in the house). There is a 2 item minimum per person and the menu is filled with your standard bar food (fries, burgers, etc.) for less than $10. Food isn't great, but I don't expect fine dining at a comedy club.I saw Jen Kirkman/4 other local comedians perform and it was a good time for the most part. Performing in a small venue allows some nice audience interaction. My only major gripe was the poor experience I had with our waitress. She totally forgot to pick up our credit cards at the end of the night and we ended up waiting 20 minutes after the headliner finished for us to leave (unlike the Tempe Improv, where the waitresses took care of the bills before the headliner finished). I'd definitely go here again, but I'd hope we get better service next time.
5	My husband and I are taking weekly date nites and I found this Club!  WE WERE LAUGHING THE ENTIRE TIME!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  A casual place to go and have a fun evening.........the price was nice, the food was good, the service was great, and the comedy was awesome!  You MUST go check it out!  We will go back again~
5	These guys are the best. Straight up, the owners and comedians were truly "stand up" guys. Accidentally got overcharged on the way in with my friends. Thought about it on and off throughout the show but truly still enjoyed the comedians. At the end, I was hesitant to approach the guys to tell them I was overcharged but they immediately realized what we were saying, gave me the money back and shot the s*** with us. Definitely going back! Thanks for a great night guys
5	This review will come from the inside out, if that makes any sense! Normally it is the customers who write reviews for the comedy club, but as a comedian, I would like to write a quick review from my point of view.I had the honor of performing at this club on Thursday (June 28th). The club was very accomodating to allow me to come in way before the doors opened to set up, run sound cues, and do a sound check.The sound in the club was great, and I really enjoyed the fact that I didn't have to walk through the crowd to get on stage. They have a small greenroom off to the side of the stage for the entertainers to relax, and a back entrance to the stage...I like how this club is set up.The owner, Howard, was very easy to get along with, and I totally appreciate that! I hope to be back at that club again in the future.
4	This beening my first time here the first thing that I noticed was that it reminded me of a strip club. Not that I would know what one of those filthy places looked like in side. They are a bit proud of the their drinks but the food was good and the Comedians were funny as hell (TRANSFORMERS!!!) all in all we had a great time.
5	This is a great place to go and see some great comedians.  The staff are super friendly, the owner is awesome AND funny!!  Great atmosphere, drinks and the food looks good.  Love the free tickets and would LOVE another Groupon deal!!  I would buy as many as I can.  You gotta check this place out!!  Great job, Howard!!
5	You want to know what happens when you repress your inner humor; you end up with a place like this!I ran into a guy the other day while shopping at L*st Ch*nce (per our legal agreement, I'm not allowed to say their real name). He walked by and I swore I knew him from somewhere. There was just something about that beard, that short stature, and those big hairy feet. I just couldn't quite put my finger on it. That's it! I remember now! This was Frodo from Lord of the Rings! Wait; hold on, just a second, no that's not right, hobbits didn't have a beard. This must be Gimli! I knew it, I just knew it, this is awesome, the real life John Rhys-Davies, right here in front of me at L*st Ch*nce. Actually..., I don't think that's right either. Why would Gimli be shopping here? Besides, the feet didn't quite match. No, this was someone completely different, but who?Ah ha, finally, it was Nick, NICK!, the MC for Wednesday's 8pm open mic nights at Stand-up, Scottsdale!. I knew I had seen him somewhere, I just have to get his autograph. "Hey you do stand-up comedy at C*pper  Bl*es, don't you?" to which he replied "Ya, I've been there a few times. I'm usually at Stand-up Scottsdale! though." Friggin C*pper Bl*es, so stupid of me. How did I confuse these two? Then he had the audacity to invite me out to see his Wednesday show. 8pm, 8PM, I'll say it again EIGHT PM! Nothing good EVER happens on a Wednesday night at 8 PM. :-/ "Ya, that sounds fun!," I can't believe I just said that, now I sort of feel obligated. What the heck did I get myself into?! Me and my big mouth.How often do you get personally invited out by some random dude you just met for the first time, but have seen once or twice before? It's not every day if you're wondering, at least for guys. In fact, this may have been my first time; so please, be gentle. 8 pm. ugh... At least they have $2 beers, $3 wells, and $4 food to keep me company while I mercy laugh my way through the night.Now on to the show; please, 8pm can't come, and go, fast enough. Just serve me my $4 nachos (burger, or loaded fries), $3 whiskey and coke and start the thing already. The sooner this show starts, the sooner I can get home and have fulfilled my obligation to Nick's 'personal invitation', I don't even want to be here. Boy was I wrong, something good does in fact happen on a Wednesday night, and it all happens right here at Stand-up Scottsdale! There were well over 20 comics presenting that night, with a handful of local comics, mixed in with some national touring comics, and a special pop in by Thai Rivera. I sure am glad I got pulled out for a night of live comedy at one of the coolest clubs in town. Forget the daily work out, you will get one right here. You're gonna laugh your butt off cause this place is sure to tickle your funny bone!Now Howard, I know you said not to post **** online. I just couldn't help myself. My inner Yelper was banging to get out!  You know I'll be back again soon, and I promise that next time, I'll try to keep the heckling to a minimum.
4	Nice venue, 2 stages, and always draws an interesting crowd. More times than not, you will enjoy the headliner and the openers are pretty funny too. Dont support the Comedy Spot down the street.  The owner is shady beyond belief and treats customers like idiots (and cattle).
1	This was a pathetic experience from the start. The show started 45 minutes late. They only had 3 people to provide drinks for a room of 100+people. The worst part was the guy that introduced the comedians, his name was Jim Ford, every 5th word out of his mouth was a motherf** or some other degrading term. I was truck driver for 5 years and I thought I had heard it all. There was nothing funny about this guy, he just had a filthy mouth. We realized after the first few minutes with Ford, this was a poor choice for an evening out. . The three local comedians, they had as warm up needed more practice before they got on the stage.  I had 6 people that I had invited as guest.They agreed the only part of the evening that was worth the money was the featured comedian. It was my first and my last visit.
4	Great show tonight, open mic night.  Lots of good aspiring comedians (some better than others) but overall a good show. Great prices on drinks, and they are mixed strong. Free admission so that makes it totally worth a night out.
5	I have been to this location many times, as Anderson's 5th Estate, Forbidden, and now, Stand-up, Scottsdale!  The building is naturally tailored to stand up, and the Wednesday show that I went to was everything it should be.The show started with the first of three hosts, which confused everyone except for the person who thought having this many hosts was a good idea.  Other than that, the show was well put together, ranging from new comics trying things out, to veterans who left the crowd in tears.I would highly recommend this place, for Wednesday nights.  Free, great drink and food specials (cheese fries are amazing), and some awesome comedy.
5	I had an amazing experience with this place. Now when you go to a comedy club you expect a good laugh and this is definitely the place to get it. It is a small club with a big punch. Great staff and great environment to laugh your ... off! The owner is so personable and accommodating that it shows. What a great time! Definitely Go.
5	I cannot believe it's taken me until this week to check out Stand Up Scottsdale, a stand-up comedy club/nightclub in Old Town that's been open for more than a year, but I had so much fun there at a Bully Mammoth sketchy comedy show earlier in the week I had to go back to check out Barry Rothbart when he headlined Saturday night. Now that Tempe Improv is closed, I would say Stand Up Scottsdale is my new favorite comedy venue in the Valley. I love the dark atmosphere, the wait staff is super-friendly and down-to-earth, and the comedians who perform are seasoned.On Thursday night, Bully Mammoth put on a phenomenal show, with a variety style that included fun trivia games, engaging characters doing their own stand-up acts and a few sketches in the format the troupe is known for.I was highly impressed that all their material was completely different than what I'd seen at Tempe Center for the Arts a few weeks ago, and it's nice they respect their regulars by bringing new material to their shows. Catch them next at Tempe Center for the Arts Saturday, August 18.Saturday night's show featured members from another local sketch comedy troupe, Duck in Cover. This was my first time seeing any of the members perform, but I'm definitely going to be checking them out again soon.Besides being talented stand-up comics, the ensemble also makes comedy videos. Member James Mabry did a great job opening for Bully Mammoth earlier in the week, and last night Matt Anderson, Jeffrey Wiles and Ricardo Rocha kept the crowd laughing. They perform together as Duck in Cover Wednesday, August 15, at Stand Up Live in Phoenix.The house was packed for headliner Rothbart, who really impressed the crowd throughout the night with his intelligent comedic approach.He touched on everything from crushing children's dreams, to the scariness of babies, to dolphins raping humans -- and it was all super-funny. Rothbart has appeared on MTV's Punk'd and is an actor splitting time between Los Angeles and New York. He'll be appearing in the new Martin Scorsese/Leonardo DiCaprio film The Wolf of Wall Street, which I am so excited to check out!Stand Up Scottsdale owner Howard Hughes also performed Saturday night, and it was neat to talk to him after the show and hear his insistence that only high-quality performers grace his stage. It's nice to see such a passionate comedy venue owner, and with affordable ticket prices, there's no reason you shouldn't check out the venue, too!
5	Went to our first show at Stand Up, Scottsdale! Last night and had an excellent time. The acts were all extremely funny and the owner of the club made everyone feel very welcome. The place was packed and I can only imagine this is just a normal occurrence! We will definitely be back soon!
4	~3.5 starsAs a recent consumer of stand up comedy, when I saw that one of the comedians whose podcast I regularly listen to would be in Scottsdale, I brought a groupon for SUS to see his set. I'd been to the Tempe Improv and Stand Up Live a few times, but this was my first time at Stand-up Scottsdale. I brought a friend of mine with me and if he hadn't pointed out that this was the old location of an 18+ club that we had frequented 5 years before, I probably would have never noticed. Which lends that they are probably making due with a set up that isn't meant for comedy.The guy at the door was nice, and since we were there for the late show (9pm), we hung out in the lounge area next to the show room. There were tables and seats set up and a full bar for drinks. I didn't check the time, but the door guy announced that they were starting to let people in and we all kind of moshed over to the entrance They don't have a true entrance (people were trying to line up from both outside and inside the lounge, which is something they can hopefully figure out. Once our group was called, we made our way to the main room and were seated by a host. Something I noticed is that unlike the Improv and Stand Up Live, due to the positioning of the stage relative to the tables/chairs, not every seat has a great view of the stage. The chair I initially sat in had me facing completely away from the stage, but the host advised that couples sat on the same side (not across from each other), so that was quickly fixed. A couple that shortly followed said something about not being able to see the stage comfortably and they were moved to a different section. Our eventual table buddies were nice, and the servers were attentive but not overbearing, which is nice when you're trying to pay attention to a show. They don't have glasses of water, so my friend and I just bought a bottle of water for the night. The night started off a little rough with the host and first comic, but Howard, Chris Thayer, and the headliner Pete Holmes made it worth it. Also, their DJ is on pointIt's pretty close to me compared to DTPHX, and the price range is fine, but I would probably only come back if someone that I wanted to see was there.
5	Fantastic all around!I recently relocated to the great state of Arizona and have frequented a few comedy clubs before. This one is on par! My friend has frequented the club numerous times and was awarded for his patronage with comp tickets from one of the employees. We made plans to attend tonight's show and I was anticipating a run of the mill experience. We arrived, and parked. As soon as we walked in the door. The bar staff greeted us and offered their services! It is so nice to hear people say  "hi, welcome, how are you?"... And really mean it! We were seated for the show and had great seats right up front! It was a little challenging finding a way to sit to see the comedians but was well worth it for the intimacy of the club!! The features were great.... Props to Matt Anderson for continuing to perform in the dark! Despite the fluke light outage, was a GREAT time. Food is reasonable and drinks were affordable which is important to this broke college kid!Howard was great and led a great team. Had never seen Pete Holmes before but he did an outstanding job. He had crowd involvement and the intimacy of being close and involved in the show makes all the difference.The absolute only down that I can come up with was the amount of heckling from the crowd. I know that this is not an operations issue because it was the audience that was in attendance but the heckling and talking was distracting and obnoxious! Maybe this could be prevented (?) with a small intro speech before the show starts by the DJ asking that table talk be kept to a minimum and that heckling is not permitted... This is what a few clubs I've been to do. Overall Howard, I'm impressed and will be back! :)  thank you for a great Saturday night!
4	If I could rate service separately I would...Comedy: 4.5 stars.  Full of great acts and I honestly would pay to see the owner Howard go on for the entire time.  Great fun!Service: mixed from 5 star to 1 star.  Read below!Now that we have been to the comedy club multiple times, I think I can give a solid review.  Both visits lived up to my expectation - rather exceeded my expectations of nights full of laughs.  That being said, I wanted to share the positives and the negatives.Positives:Wonderful comedians that will make you laugh.  Now I have been to many clubs across the country, and you typically find your evening full of bad acts followed by one main headliner.  Standup is different - I think 4 out of 5 acts are high quality comics full of talent and mostly unique material.Negatives:This may work itself out, but we weren't as enthusiastic about the new "two" show evening where one act was hosted main stage, another in the lounge area.  When we show up only a few minutes early expecting to grab a seat and instead wait over 40 minutes.... not so much fun.  But hey, that's not a lot to complain about.Our main complaint was our waitress.  First visit, no problems!  This time was different....    On our way in to get seated, we stopped by the bar to grab a drink.  Bartender refused to serve us asking to wait for our waitress (which I think is courteous to the wait staff).  We had no problem, so grabbed a seat and waited.  Our waitress graciously approached while the room was still pretty empty and took our drink order right away.  And so we waited... and waited... and waited for our drinks to arrive.  This seemed to be her standard routine - wait until she stopped by 6 or more tables before putting even one order in.  She also ignored my drink order and brought a different drink.... not returning or stopping by our table, so I ignored it trying to just enjoy the comedy!  At the end of the night, she also charged us more for our drinks that the price advertised on the display on our table and never brought us change.  She didn't even walk by us for the last 10 minutes adding to our aggravation.  I normally give staff the benefit of the doubt, but she seemed not to care about her error and didn't come back to even chat with me after.  That ruined me listening to the last 10 minutes of the headliner and gave me a sour taste.  Again - other than her, I am a huge fan of the club and still recommend it to everyone!
5	What a fun experience!  I've been here when it was Anderson's and didn't even know it was a comedy club until last night--what a great night!  The comedians were fantastic and the servers were top-notch.  We will definitely be back!
2	I came here with a large group on Friday October 5th for the 7PM show. I'm not sure what happened, maybe it was an off night or something. The service was awful. It took forever to get our drinks and food (my popcorn came out a few minutes before the show ended and I ordered it when I got there) and overall it was very disorganized. The waitress kept on asking me for my payment even after I gave it to her. She also short changed two people in my party on their change and then disappeared after she said she would correct it. The food and drinks were decent when they finally came.The comedy itself was mediocre at best, nothing to write home about. One guys entire act was basically that he has a name that rolls off the tongue (Ricardo or something) and other guy's (who I think was the owner) act was describing in grave detail about putting his dog down. To be fair, I had just put my dog down a couple of weeks prior and was still sensitive about it, however the entire thing really wouldn't have been funny otherwise. Sorry but how is killing animals funny? It seemed very mean spirited. No one in my group was really impressed. Oh, and we had an obnoxious heckler that they didn't throw out for the entire show. I don't live in Scottsdale so the chances of me being back are slim but if I was a local, I definitely wouldn't be back.
2	I'm going to go with the, "Meh.  I've experienced better." on this one.  I'm writing this review, just because these are things I wished I would have known before going.  The +'s:We went to see Dan Cummins who was fantastic. The setup of the place is pretty cool.2/3 of the opening acts were okay.The -'s:They started about 30 minutes late- it happens.  Not a huge deal.There's a 2 item minimum per person, so we ended up paying 12.00 for sodas- since it was the cheapest item on the menu.  That's pretty steep for a couple of sodas. The biggest thing that made our experience unenjoyable was one of the openers- who is actually the owner- Howard Hughes.  His material was quite explicit and seemed to turn off about half of the audience.  He was the last opener before the headliner and took an unusually long time.  As his jokes got more and more vulgar- people around us started audibly expressing their disgust by saying things like, "that's too far."  At one point, after people did this, he angrily told the audience to 'grow-up'.  He talked about how many Americans think we have a gun problem, but we really have a nerd problem since they are always the ones who lose it.  If we can't teach our nerd kids to be sexually active by the time they are 18- they need to be euthanized.  It was angry, awkward, and seemed out-of-place at this type of venue.  As he went on, the audience grew more and more silent.There was about 1/3 of the audience who were still laughing consistently at him, and I understand that some people enjoy that type of comedy.  It's his club and he should be able to say what he wants.  However, for me and the other 2/3 of the audience, he went too far.Also, if you read other negative reviews below, you can actually see the owner has gotten angry at the people who have written about their negative experiences. I feel like as the owner and as a comedian, he should be able to accept feedback- whether it be positive or negative and make necessary adjustments.
5	I've been to Stand Up Scottsdale twice now with the same group of friends. Each time the acts have been hilarious! It's a great price and great location.
3	I enjoyed the show much more when there was a well-known performer there.  However, it took much longer for visitors to be seated and waited on, in this case.
4	I've now been here twice.  The first time was to see Darren Carter ... it was good overall.  Nothing to complain about.  But last night we saw Ben Gleib, and I'm telling you it was one of the best comedy shows I've been to.  Not only was Ben hilarious, the owner and the two opening acts were hilarious, and they had a magician perform while you were waiting for the show to start.  If every show going forward is as good or even close to as good as last night, my review will definitely change to 5 stars.  Check it out!
1	This was the most disorganized mess   I will never go back.  Even when they gave us free tickets for the inconvenience that the performer loni love canceled.    I wonder why she canceled.
4	1st allow me to disclose - the tickets for the Ben Gleib show on Saturday were free - we got them via fillaseatphoenix dot com.  Upon arrival, it was painfully obvious that it was date night in Scottsdale.  This is not a problem - I enjoy pretty people just as much as the next guy.  But, when you're treated like cattle prior to a show beginning, it doesn't give a good 1st impression.  The "lounge" area is way too small for the size crowd that was there, and rather than being assigned seats, you're given a card (A, K, Q, J, 10 and so forth) and ushered in Southwest Airlines style - we immediately ushered ourselves back out to the parking lot and stood around like a-holes for a half hour until the show was ready to begin.1st tip / suggestion:  the bouncer & doormen at comedy clubs shouldn't be smug, condescending d*ckheads - merely an observation.  The guy taking tickets was very pleasant - and the wait staff was sweet.  The club itself is decent sized, but the chairs / tables are packed in very tight.  Once the show began, this wasn't a big deal at all.  The host / opener was solid, the Jew who followed him was equally solid, and then the owner came on stage.I have no problem with people who choose to drink or do drugs.  I don't even care of you do both while you're working - as long as you're not putting others in danger.  But if you're on stage, in front of hundreds of people, maybe scale it back a bit.  Sometimes comics are funnier when they're drunk - but they're RARELY funnier when they act like they just did a pencil sized line off someone's booty.  His material was mostly solid, but his delivery was spotty - and he rambled - which is a little insulting to an audience who knows that half the reason you're up there is because you manage the joint.  Ben Gleib was excellent.  70% of his act was interacting with audience members - one in particular made my evening especially pleasant.  There was a tattooed lady in the front row who just wouldn't shut up - which can just be comedy gold - and in this case, it was.  I didn't really know much about him - other than he's regularly on Chealsea Lately.  Bravo sir, I would never have guessed elk hunting would get that much traction, but it did.All in all, it was a solid comedy experience & we will likely be back!
4	I have been to Stand Up Scottsdale 3 times this year and every time we had a lot of fun. The service is great. The bouncers and the wait staff are very down to earth and friendly. The servers are attentive. Drinks are good and reasonably priced for a nightclub. They are potent. After your 2 drink minimum you will feel pretty toasty.Talent is good. Headliners are consistently awesome, my favorite being Fortune Feimster. With the exception of a few duds, the openers are very entertaining. Howard is hilarious. Especially when he tells jokes in Spanish...My only complaint is the food. The first time we went it was bad. The second time we didn't order food. The third time we went they changed the menu and it looked like it improved. I ordered these fries with a garlic-cheesy topping to it. They had potential to be good but unfortunately they tasted like the frying oil hasn't been changed in days. Bottom line- Stand Up Scottsdale is a better alternative to the boring date night movie or pretentious neighboring nightclubs. Get ready for your tummy to be aching and your eyes to be watering from all the laughter.
4	This is the bomb!!! Funny stuff, You will have a great time at Stand up Scottsdale, Everything is very good here, from the staff to the comedy.
5	Happy New Years!!We had a great time at Stand Up Scottsdale New Years Eve. Saw FunnyMan Steve Hytner from Sinfeild and couldnt stop laughing.We were shown true hospitality by a great staff all night and they kept the drinks and smiles coming all night. I had a huge burger with fresh mozzarell, and basil that was delicious but was just way too big to finish I tried though, and the fries might be the best in town.This was a great spot to ring in the NEW YEAR as the party didnt end after the show. They had DJs entertaing in both rooms all night. and we stayed to dance. I havn't done that in a LONG time.This is not our first visit here and it wont be our last.TB
5	Great place to go watch a show. The building itself leaves a lot to be desired but If you want to laugh till your stomach hurts and listen to great music go check it out. Every time I go my waitress is super hot (as it seems that's all they hire) and the food is great. Stand Scottsdale gets 5 stars!
4	The comedians were fabulous both times I've  been there, the food good, and the staff was far more friendly and attentive than any other club I've been to here in town.  I'm a fan, and will be back.  (Oh the new burgers are to die for!!)
5	I have been to every single comedy club in the Phoenix area,  and  stand up Scottsdale is the best. My friends and I have been going there nearly every week for the last 6 months, and our only complaint is the chest pain from laughing so hard.  The service is great, the food is delicious, drinks are reasonable and strong,  the atmosphere is perfect, the owner is super nice and I love hearing his stories, he is genuine and  I feel like he gives a bit of his soul, little pieces of his life artfully woven into humor. he brings in amazing talent every week, I have yet to see a bad show. keep up the good work SUS!!!
5	Just went last night.............. fantastic as always!  We have been going since it opened.  Last night our group had 12 people, we all ate dinner.  The food is good, as comedy club food goes after all you are not there for the food.  However, I do have to say the food is getting better and better.  If you go for dinner you get first seating and dinner counts toward your 2 item purchase.  I like that you call in  your reservation and know you have a table or tables / no standing in line in the cold or heat waiting to get in.  There is a lounge if you get there early and the drinks are GREAT!  If you are going to have 2 drinks as you item purchase.......... you will only need those two.  They certainly are not stingy with the the alcohol.  Once again, a wonderful evening out with some great friends. Thanks Howard...... This is just what Scottsdale needed!
4	Stand Up, Scottsdale is a great place for a night of laughs. It has the feel of an underground comedy club in LA! The comedians here are always "up and coming" yet touring comedians. If you want to see Carlos Mencia (again.. with the same act each time) this is not your place. Stand Up Scottsdale has the right amount of relevant comedy that will keep you laughing week after week. At $15/ticket - it's a steal for almost a 2 hour show. The food is good too - could work in some "healthier" items, but all in all, pretty satisfying. I like the fun cocktails, too. Kudos to this place - you won't be disappointed.
4	Brought a friend in on literally the last day I had to use my groupon - show was great and there was no pressure from the wait staff with regards to ordering a bunch of drinks/food. A good beer was a decent $5 (minimum two per person) and the comedy was laid out in style.
1	You can only get plastic bottled water?? How cheap can you be? And to not serve water to people who are drinking??
4	I was a little frustrated, thinking I couldn't just order a glass of water and fired off at the hip-Howard was quick to jump on it and clear things up! I appreciate that!! As mentioned, the place is small, which just equals good seats from anywhere in the house. With any comedy show, you never really know what you are going to get, but especially with HH ending, it turned out to be hilarious! I didn't order food, but my friend did. She almost finished a whole burger-which for her, means good. The staff was friendly and courteous. I look forward to going back!
4	Great service. The place was just remodeled and it's a very cozy environment. The comedians are great except for the owner (who thinks he's funny). I recommend that he stays in the back and let the comedians entertain us.
1	Worst comedy club I've ever been to and I've been to many. Horrible customer service to boot.
3	A few notes to consider: Apps were good. Drinks were weak.  Brandi, our waitress was great; friendly and efficient. But the bus girls need to relax a bit. I had three different people come to the table and try to take away our food 5 times during the show before we were done. Makes it a little difficult to enjoy the comedy! Maybe the guy with the glasses should spend a little more time managing and less time telling bad jokes!
3	poor seating arrangements but the comedians were funny
4	Stand up Scottsdale provides a small, intimate setting for you to chuckle and laugh to your heart's content!  Go here for the great stand up comedians and don't expect too much from the food, and you won't be disappointed. We went here for the early Jackie Kashian show and browsed through the menu. There was a fairly wide range of mixed drinks, as well as your standard spirits and beers. The mixed drinks ranged from around $7 and up. We checked out the menu online ahead of time, and were disappointed that it was a very abbreviated version of the online menu at the show, with no burgers or sandwiches in sight. We ended up with the pretzels, fish and chips, and I had one of the club's mixed drinks, a take on the dark and stormy. The drink was excellent. It was just the right amount of sweetness, with some carbonation and kick from the ginger beer, and it had a smooth, sophisticated taste. The food was just OK. The pretzel sticks were decent, albeit quite salty (Even for pretzels!), but the fish in the fish & chips was quite industrial looking. Although nice and crispy, it was a rectangular brick of mass-produced fish that was only a step up from what the Gorton's Fisherman could serve you.Despite the lackluster menu, the show was great! Jackie Kashian was hilarious, and you can tell the owners put their heart and soul into providing good quality acts for the audience. For those that like magic acts, there was a pre-show magic act going around the tables, although with all the din it was hard to hear what the magician was saying!So overall, a good show, but to paraphrase what owner Howard said in the warm-up act, I'm one of those "Yelp idiots that don't even know what they're talking about", so don't take my word for it, just go!
3	I have seen two shows out of the four times I've checked in here.  The first time was during a Yelp Elite event, which was definitely a LOT of fun, and the second was a free show I received through an email invite to register for (headliner Ben Roy).  The other two times were also free shows- tapings for a national special, but every time I went, the start times were pushed back, from 830pm to 930pm on the first night, and 930pm to around 1145pm on the second.  (I ended up not staying for both of the shows.)Ben Roy was funny, in an angry, intelligent rant sort-of-way.  I liked most of his jokes, especially those that dealt with his current state of alcohol abstinence, where he bashed the audience for applauding his current state of sobriety.  Very cool insights as to why some people choose to fight through their addiction and quit, while others choose not to care at all.  But there were jokes of his I didn't care for, but i can't expect to like and agree with everything anyone ever says, right?  The opening acts, the "crowd-warmers," were something else, though.  I think there were three, or four.  Most had anti-women and anti-Yelp jokes, and most, if not all, had male genitalia/dildo jokes in their repertoire-- why?  Was that the consensus each of the comedians reached when reading their audience, that we wanted to hear dildo and women-bashing jokes?  Ben Roy was very good, but overall, this show was not the smashing, fun time I, and many others, had at the Yelp Elite event.One update I'm happy to include here is that the room wasn't ice-cold, like it was for the Yelp event, nor for the shows prior to that event, as evidenced by many of past reviews.  I do feel the need to mention that during the introduction of one of the opening acts, someone had left the kitchen door open, and I could hear a woman shouting at another person for many seconds, which was very disconcerting and kept me from focusing my attention to what was going on onstage.  I hope occurences, such as this one, are kept to a minimum in the future, as it sounded so unprofessional.Here's hoping that I can update with a higher rating at the next show I'll be attending VERY soon!
5	Bring some cash... the magician is worth the few bucks of fun and laughter while u wait for the show. :). My 3rd time here...i like the place and i think the owner is funny!
5	I can't say enough about this club! I've been here twice now, and both visits were gut-busting funny entertainment. A girlfriend of mine introduced me to Stand Up! and I'm quickly becoming a regular.The club has a personal feel because the owner, Howard Hughes, does his own monologue among the other comedians. He is damn funny, and in fact Howard, if you're reading this right now -- please consider being a headliner yourself one of these nights! I don't know if club owners do that, but I'd definitely pay to see him do an hour-long show. He's just one of those dudes who's naturally funny.This last weekend we went to see Lynne Koplitz, who was so funny, we were literally doubling over laughing throughout her time on stage. The appetizers and desserts are yummy, and it feels good to support this club because it's locally owned. You might even get a chance to see Huma, Howard's adorable dog (I think she's the bouncer).
5	I have never seen someone who cares more about their business than Howard.There.  That's it.  That's all you need to know.  I cant imagine anyone has actually had a bad time here unless they brought the problems in with them.
5	Raw Comedy at its best!!  A lot of people judge a comedian by what they see on an HBO Special.  What they really never get to see is how it all came together!! If you don't come to this place, you'll never really know or appreciate comedy in it's pure raw form!
2	Went with a group of 6 friends to the Saturday evening show.  Overall the venue and staff were decent.  The reason I have to give this place two stars is the Howard Hughes stand up routine.  I found it awful and even though the rest of the comedians were alright, HH's unfunny performance left a bad taste in my mouth.  I was unaware of this place being on bar rescue until after I went and have since watched the episode and now understand the dynamics a bit more.  I could have easily given this place 4 stars however I am giving it 2 stars because I have never seen a stand up routine sooo bad!  Its even worse when its the owner doing it and you can't boo the guy because he runs the place.  Please focus on the business and the customers during weekend shows and I promise you will have repeat business!
5	Had a great time with a large group of friends.  They were super accommodating and the comedians for the night were great.  Definitely recommend!
2	Went to this club last night for the first time to see Quinn Dahle. I loved that it was an intimate venue. I had two mixed drinks which were made very well but a little pricey (but understood given the locale and venue) and our server was very attentive. Why two stars then? I did not have a good time. I really wanted to. The opener/owner went on stage before the headliner and his set went on for so long that by the time the headliner went on, we were exhausted and just wanted to go home. He definitely had his funny moments but a lot of his set was interacting with the same two or three audience members and at some point we just checked out. I would go back and give it another shot, like i said i really wanted to have a good time there. I would recommend it but only if you're planning on going to an early show.
5	My husband and i went there for a show last friday night (5-30-13).  We had a great time and laughed till we cried, ha ha.  It was a great time and the service was really good.  We got our drinks within 10 min of sitting down . . . . considering i only saw one girl walking around i thought that was pretty good!  We went to have a good time and we did, we didn't know what to expect (had no idea they were on bar rescue).  Its too bad some of the (previous) reviews definitely did not approve of the owner getting up and doing his bit.  I thought he was pretty funny.  There was this one hairy sweaty guy that just cracked me up though!  i don't know what it was about his humor but i loved him!  After the show was over and we walked out the door they gave us two more free tickets (1 per person) to come and see another show.  We will be back!  I would suggest going now before they become too popular and you cant get those free tix :)  Another positive note a newer bar called the Western is right next door, you can go there before of after show,  That place is a lot of fun too.  A little bit like rusty spur but the average age is probably a little lower, ha ha.  Enjoy!
4	I considered giving a 1 STAR to envoke the wrath of Howard Hughes, but I truly was worried he'd find out about my foot fetish and 17 cats.  All jokes aside, the venue was truly worth 4 stars to me.  Orny Adams killed it on stage, as did the other comics.  I even enjoyed Howards long drawn out stories leading to mediocre jokes.  Quirky, yes... but I like his delivery.  Nice small space, some thought the AC wasnt good enough but it was 187 degrees out.  I was comfortable.*** My only complaint of the night was that I only got two drinks.  I know 2 drink is the min, but it shouldnt be the max.  When the server came by with my tab at 830 and took away my empty drink, she didnt ask if I wanted another, or anything else.  Thats ok, it kept me from having to take my "side road" home.  I'll definitely be back though, I had a great time and so did my wife.
5	This is an awesome place to go and have a good time.  I went last year and now I am writing the review.  All my life people say I put things off and they would be correct.  3 dollar shots of 1800.  Howard did his thing on stage funny as hell.  One day I might get up for open mic and show my talents.
4	Didn't know what I was in for....but as the name implies...turned out to be good laughs. Very nice people, great entertainers. Good place to melt away stress while laughing your butt off. The drinks are kinda pricey (I understand that cocktails can be pricey...but $ 5 for a diet coke is not warranted...give me a break!!!! - Call me a cheap skate I am NOT ), but the staff is super nice, friendly and eager to please.It was my first time there and my only worry was how crammed it got in the bar and lounge while waiting to get in the theater...I was relieved to finally get seated as I was just about ready to blow a fuse. All in all though a good experience and great entertainment value.The owner kindly apologized about the A/C apparently not working very well. I never felt uncomfortable while enjoying the show or thought it was an issue...yet they insisted on complimentary tickets which i thought was beyond incredibly sweet and just great business sense...now I almost feel like I can't bitch for the $ 5 diet coke...shouldn't be drinking that crap anyway...ah ah!The best part of it all was being able to meet the entertainers (sounds better than comedians) after the shows, shaking their hand and telling them how much I appreciated them. The show was perfect length and the vibe was just great. ..really glad to have stumbled upon this place.
5	Not too often am I compelled to write reviews on Yelp but that is starting to change, especially after visiting one of my favorite places.  I'd like to start by saying if you are LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NEW TO DO in a world filled with "normal" - I 100% recommend that you give this place a try.  I have been going to Stand-up Scottsdale for years.  Get there 30 minutes before your show, especially if you have a group of four or more and want to sit together.  Over the last year it has become one of our "Go-To" spots on a Friday or Saturday night. My girlfriend and I typically go to the 9:30 show and if we have enough energy left after laughing our asses off we go out in Old Town for a night cap.  Stand-up Scottsdale is perfect for a blind date, date night with your significant other, hanging out with your buddies or throwing a corporate/charity event.  It always seems like there is a bachelor/bachelorette party here. Basically, its great for anybody aged 21 and up.  A few months ago I threw a charity event for a about 100 people and it was an absolute hit. The owner, Howard, accommodated us and the show was hilarious.  We will be coordinating another event there very soon. They recently remodeled and it looks very slick. It is very comfortable and there is not a bad seat in the house. It is the biggest no-brainier way to spend $15 on a weekend.  I candidly don't ever look anymore to see who will be performing because we always have a great time.
5	We just went there last night and it was a fantastic time!! The owner goes up on stage and is totally hilarious! After the show the comics sat out front and were super friendly. Owner was walking around making sure everyone was happy and had drinks! Would go back over and over
4	Had a great time, service was good. Of course it all depends on the comic that is performing and fortunately the 2 main guys were great. Will be back.
4	My best friend got us tickets to see Ian Bagg here last night. We needed something new and exciting to do other than just lunch or dinner because that just gets old after a while.  This definitely fit the bill as something new and fun!  We arrived early, which was good because we were one of the first groups to get seated.  The waiting area is really small and dark and we weren't quite sure what we were getting into but the actual theater is bigger.  The two comedians who went on before the headliner were the two guys who seated us when we came in.  The first guy was actually pretty funny.  I had not heard of Ian Bagg prior to last night and he was absolutely hysterical.  He used my friend for a lot of his jokes, which we both  found really amusing.  The show went longer than it was supposed to and we definitely didn't complain.  There were moments I was laughing so hard I had tears running down my face!The guy who I presumed to be the club owner apologized profusely for some a/c problems they were having and gave us all free tickets to another show for the inconvenience.  I thought this was a pretty cool gesture considering hey, we all live in AZ, and it was a heck of a lot cooler inside than it was outside.  The a/c issues honestly didn't bother me at all.  The only negatives I can say is there only appeared to be 2 waitresses in the whole place and we got the slower one.  Also, the drink prices are pretty high.  Not being an alcohol drinker, I ordered lemonade and one glass of lemonade was $5, the same price as a beer.  Also, in the waiting area outside there is another bar (if you order drinks here it does not count toward your required two-drink minimum inside) and the bartender there would not give my friend water.  She had her saliva glands destroyed by radiation therapy years ago and therefore must have water constantly.  Given that water doesn't cost anything and she has a medical condition that warrants it necessary, I thought it was kinda crappy that the bartender wouldn't give her a cup of water.  However, the waitress inside was much nicer and brought her a glass of water with her beer.Overall we had a great time and would definitely come back here again.  If you're looking for something new and fun to do and you enjoy a good laugh, check this place out!
5	We went there with another couple on a Saturday night and had a great time. Got there just after 7:00 pm for the 7:30 show and people were already in line. The comedians were hysterical. This place is great and the drinks and service were also great. Will definitely go back again!
4	Had a really fun time!  Comedy was funny, all seats are close enough to be a good seat.
5	Stand-up is always a good time. Perfect date night or night out with friends. We have been a dozen times and every time we go we have a blast. We always look forward to the owner Howard taking the stage. Hilarious! This place is a must go to. And bring a good sense of humor- don't be one of those jerks in the back. There is always one but the comedians handle them well.  Great spot!
4	The comedians were great! If you want a fun night of laughter, this place is a bargain. Drinks range from $7-$12 and there is a 2 drink minimum. They seem to cater to a 20s-30s crowd mostly, but I'm in my 40s and they made me feel welcome. My only complaint, and for me it's a big one, is that the chairs lined up side-to-side so closely made me feel like I was in the middle seat of an airplane - far too cramped. Further, the chairs were so hard and uncomfortable that I was becoming increasingly crippled by the minute. I'm sure 2 hours in those things is not a real problem for the young tight butts, but us 40 somethings find it hard to laugh when we are suffering. Next time I will ask for a table so I can move around a bit. Most of the staff seems very friendly, so I would expect they can accommodate. The upside of seating is that every seat in the house probably gives a good view.Overall, I would highly recommend this little club.
4	This is a great venue which is located in a great area (lots of nightlife and restaurants nearby to enjoy pre and post show). The front lobby where you wait is set-up like most of the bars in the area (drinks are reasonable), the lounge where comedians preform is in better shape than most of the comedy clubs I've ever seen. All of the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The "green room" is pimp.I met Howard briefly and unlike the overly dramatic bar rescue episode - he isn't the biggest asshole on the planet.
4	Tried this club on for size this past Saturday. The comics were pretty funny - loved the Headliner, Tom Segura! Felt bad for the comics during the show though - couple of times throughout the night drinks fell and splashed everywhere, a lady fell, and this belligerent, highly-intoxicated ass in the back slithers out and slurs, "I'm gonnehh throw thomething at youuuuu", and some hecklers. :(Drink prices are a bit steep, but what else do you expect in Old Town 'Dale? The owner seemed very nice and cool, and made sure everyone was taken care of throughout the night.Large group of peeps from the show sashayed down a couple doors to the Western for some honky-tonk. Good times!
5	Stand-up Scottsdale....Where to start...Much to my amusement/surprise, I ran across this refreshing gem of a club a few months ago. I have been there on a handful of occasions (most recently this past Saturday) and have always had a great time. The club is smaller (hence better seats) and more personalized/intimate. I love to laugh and be entertained. That's easily accomplished here, as the comedians are close by and interactive with audience (even when not on stage; and/or after show/ at the Western). When I walk through the doors, I feel as though I've entered a cozy neighborhood bar, like "Cheers" where everybody knows your name (or treats you as such). It's more like hanging out with friends than comedians/employees...as they all go out of their way to talk to you, make sure you have what you need & inquire if you're having a good time. And it's not just me...I have seen Howard, the employees and the comedians randomly go up to customers and just check in...I appreciate that and have respect for what the club is striving for...Now is it perfect? No, of course not. I have never been in a comedy club that was/is...Difference being, that you actually see the owner at SUS and he attempts to rectify things. For instance, this past Saturday he spent a great deal of time interacting/socializing with his patrons (including the ones with complaints....Kudos to him, because quite frankly I wanted to muzzle a couple of them...enough with the drunken whining...move on...but that's just me.). Howard is visible, interactive, and treats patrons more like friends than consumers...And that is surprisingly refreshing amongst the superficial/ plastic atmosphere of a lot of Scottsdale clubs/bars...I personally like a little character and quirky charm/ambience. Best of luck and see you soon!!
5	Great show!! Affordable, and laughed all night long :)
5	I have been here a few times now and have had an awesome experience every time. Howard is very funny and runs a tight ship. There was a couple rowdier crowds the other night at the Emo early Friday and he shut them down real quick. Keep it up and you can have my money.
5	If you have never been to this club you are missing out my friend. I have been here numerous times and it never disappoints. I know most of you are into big box comedy and there is nothing wrong with that-but there is a lot to be said about the hidden and not so hidden gems that appear here weekly. Howard Hughes makes sure to get headliners that will bring in the crowds and they always make me laugh-but my heart belongs to the local comics that perform here regularly. They will have you in stitches. I read a lot of reviews that rip on customer service,not getting drinks, or the bathroom (why I dont understand) Well personally I'm not there to make friends with a waitress or get drunk-although I do support the two drink minimum and sometimes more-because that's how clubs make money-BUT I am there to laugh, forget about life's stresses and maybe even learn some valuable lessons like; making sure my son gets laid in high school-I wouldn't want him shooting anybody-after all I am a responsible parent. Anyway there are plenty of laughs to be had and lessons to be learned here. You will enjoy the great comedy, great seats, and great interaction with the comics if you choose to stay after the show. If you're feeling extra spunky you can probably hit The Western with a few of them As well. Please check this place out -I know you'll love it and they'd love to have you!
4	We always have a great time here!  Not the most upscale place but service is good and never have seen a bad show! Howard, owner, great host!!
5	Went here last Friday and had a blast.  This club is SOOOO MUCH BETTER than the Tempe Improv.  Great comics, great drinks, more affordable than the Improv too.  I won't spend another dime at the Improv because of their ridiculous prices.  I am so glad my friend brought us here.  I love that you can get a drink before the show.   Really comfy place.  The owner Howard Hughes is a hoot!  We will definitely be back!
5	Went last Thursday - had a great time.  No stop laughs from my wife. We will go back
4	My husband and I came here for a date night and we had soooo much fun! Everyone was hysterical and we loved it. The only draw back is that they have a two drink minimum and just to get a soda it is $5, but it will not stop me from coming back and having a good time! We even got free tickets to come back and see another show. I can't wait...
4	Great venue and had a fun time!  Very inexpensive compared to the other comedy clubs.
5	A thoroughly enjoyable Saturday show.
5	This past Saturday I went to Stand-up Scottsdale with my boyfriend and his buddy who was visiting from Canada, who would rather be out drinking at a bar than a comedy club but I HAD to see Howard Hughes headline the show. HH is great - he really is in tune with his crowd and during his part of the show you feel like you are getting to know him one-on-one! Being that he is the owner, he also makes sure his guests are taken care of, he noticed we didn't have drinks and sent someone right over. He works very hard to please the crowd and he wouldn't have it any other way! I have been going to this club since it was at Clarion Hotel/Papi Chulo's and it has been awesome to see the transformation to what it is now. I will be honest, not all the acts are super hilarious, but it's the experience and atmosphere that matters. Even our Canadian buddy had a great time...and we will continue to come back!
4	This was my first comedy club show since moving down to Phoenix. It was a great time. Greg Warren headlined and was fantastic. Howard Hughes did a short show right before and was great. The cost of the ticket was minimal for the amount of entertainment you get. Sure there is a two drink minimum, but the drink prices were reasonably priced - well, enough for me to go beyond the minimum ;-) I look forward to going back to Standup, Scottsdale very soon.
5	I bought a Groupon for last nights show and honestly didn't have very high expectations. I was proved very wrong and had a really great time. Thanks for offering tickets on groupon, we will be back for sure!
4	Despite the rumored facial recognition monitoring system keeping repeat customers from coming back, we made it in last night again. Despite Howard's depressing opinion of his act and club, we love going to Stand Up Scottsdale. However, we are the nimrods that have kids and smaller stacks of money than single people. We manage to laugh our asses off despite the place being a little rough around the edges, but I think the point of a comedy club is to laugh - not to be pampered. I just realized that I used the word "despite" a lot here and I think I know why. This club is fun!  I always have a good time. Howard gets good talent on stage. The high rating it gets here is earned. However, there's one thing that I would recommend you do Howard. Please cut back on the "don't come back" routine. Don't get me wrong, as a parent, I fully get the value of reverse psychology. However, in your case it isn't working for me because it's boring. It's the same routine each time. Mix it up a bit. Drop the sad sack bit and go back to euthanasia jokes or something you can sink your teeth into. We will be back!
5	Stand up Scottsdale Comedy Club is hilariously funny and we couldn't stop laughing. Five of us made it out for the early show on Saturday, and every act was hilarious, vulgar, and witty each in unique ways. I love that the owner makes an appearance as one of the acts and gets personal with the crowd; impressive in how he comes up with it all on the fly. The servers were attentive and right there when we needed to reorder. We have gone to this spot several times and although every time we left with our faces hurting from laughing, this last experience was even better. It's super affordable and just all around great entertainment; I would highly suggest not missing this gem of a place. :)
5	Howard Howard Howard! Haha this man is just plain awesome. Love how he can just go with a theme and then bounce jokes off it for days. Also love that he can include the audience in his stand up. The crowed at this club was great minus the A**hole that couldn't take a joke. Loved the ambience, simple yet inviting. Great find for my first night out in Scottsdale. Hope to be back soon. Cheers!
4	Great time, nice fun staff, and the comedy star was the bar owner himself. The place was only 1/3 full and he made the best of it by basing his routine on how crappy that can be as a bar owner. That said it's really undeserved as we had great seats, not a bad seat in the house, stage is right there front and center. They have $5 and $6 beers which for Scottsdale and a comedy club is not too bad at all. We got in a little early so there's a side bar while you wait for other show to end and it was hoppin' with a nice crowd. Fun place, good deals, my wife and I had a great date night and we'll be back!
2	While I enjoy the comedians and the owner is funny and courteous, it's always so dark in this place. And their prices are ridiculous! 10+ for a drink and 5 for a glass of soda that had no syrup in it? I shouldn't be spending more on 2 drinks then I would at a dinner for two.
5	Wife and I recently made a commitment to get a sitter and have date nights.  We don't need the bar and dance club scene so we decided dinner and stand up comedy would be out thing So we've been to Stand Up maybe 4 times in the last month and while the headliners have been hit or miss a few have been outstanding and it's great to support a local business. The one constant and reason we go back is Howard Hughes.  He just cracks us up every time.   He's one of those comedic talents that just has funny inhabit his DNA.
5	This is by far our favorite comedy spot.  A group of us have been here 3 or 4 times now.  The host, Howard, is a funny character we enjoy.  Last weekend, I think he may have been as funny or funnier than the main act...Either way, we've always had above average talent at this place and often have had very, very high quality acts.
5	Had a great night at Stand Up Scottsdale.  Howard Hughes has done a great job creating a great comedy club in old town. I have been to comedy clubs all over the country and I had as much at the Stand Up as I have at the Comedy Cellar in NY! Keep bringing in the talent and the jokes Howard. Great show tonight!
4	I had such a great time at this comedy club tonight that I had to come home and write my first Yelp review.  Such an intimate and laid back setting.  I walked out of the show tonight saying that it was my favorite standup club, and we've been to both the Tempe Improv and the Phoenix Improv.  One of my favorite comedians was performing at this club and I would have gladly paid the low price of $15 per ticket.  We happened to find a Groupon for tickets so I was excited.  I was worried about the reservation process, but when my boyfriend and I arrived, redeeming it was simple and quick.  Howard greeted us and sent us along to one of the servers, who sat us in the FRONT ROW!  I love the seating arrangements - they have row seating with each group having a little table for themselves so you can sit facing the comic on stage.  The server was so friendly and we never lacked for drinks.   We had a great time and can't wait to go back!
5	I'm glad to say that this place was my first experience at a stand-up club and it was everything I hoped it would be. The wait staff are all very friendly and quick to get out drinks, which are very reasonably priced for a club in Scottsdale. I was expecting to spend way more. Howard is HILARIOUS. I love that he owns the place and has a passion for comedy enough to where he gets up there on stage and kills it! I had a super rad time on both of my visits and if I didn't live in West Phoenix, I swear I'd be there every week.
5	I have gone to see numerous shows at Stand Up, Scottsdale Comedy Club. I have laughed, I have cried and I have NEVER been disappointed. The ONLY place I would go for comedy, for thought-provoking comedy is SUS.  Last weekend, I went with my husband and 3 other couples.  Everyone had a great time!!  The show started on time, the cocktail service was fast and efficient and the comedy was awesome!  I highly recommend going on a regular basis!
5	Great time! Laughed the whole time, great comedians. Drinks were delicious,  psychotic episode was my favorite. Howard- whom runs the place is friendly and funny as well.
2	Tonight could have been awesome. Comedians were great. But.... Owners need to throw out douchebag hecklers like the guy in the front row tonight. He ruined it for everyone, especially the headline act. I feel like I was robbed of a good night out. As we drive home no one is talking about anything except what a moron that guy was and how much it took away from the show. Come on management you should know better.
4	I've been to this club about 10 times now and last night was the best experience yet. Stand Up Scottsdale is locally owned & I really like that but what I like even better is to laugh.The clubs owner/manager has been working really hard to make positive changes. The most recent was to drop the two drink/item minimum. The menue of food has been dramatically improved from the standard deep fried fare that used to dominate. The comedians are a good mixture of local & national acts. Generally they are very entertaining.  My only negative is that Howard shouldn't spend quite so much time on stage. He had some very funny bits and is much improved from the first time I saw him but he doesn't seem ready to headline.  Overall a very good night!
5	GF's & I had a great time last night at this locally owned comedy club. There were 5 comics that got on stage & all were very funny. John Roy was the headliner & had some very funny material but our favorite was the owner Howard Hughes who is a very quirky & hilarious guy. Food trucks music art good food & the non-stop  laughs at this fun laid back club was a perfect way to spend a Saturday night in Scottsdale.  Please spread the word to help support & keep this local business around. We need to laugh more & stress less & this is a perfect place to do that !
5	I was visiting a friend who lived in Phoenix and we decided to check this place out. I'm SO glad we did! Howard had me laughing so hard I had tears streaming down my cheeks. The headliner was also hilarious, and was on stage for about an hour. We didn't order any food but the drink service was good. This would be a great place for a date or for just a night that you're looking for something low key to do.
5	I Love Stand Up Scottsdale.  I have been to a bunch of different comedy clubs and this is my favorite.  It has that intimate feel that a comedy club should have.  I feel that the line up of comedians there are fresh and relevant and fitting for just about any sense of humor.  I love that the club owner, Howard Hughes is personally involved with the show.  His brand of comedy is often dark, but always hilarious.  Mike Kennedy is another regular that always has new material that will keep you rolling.  If you are looking for Stand-Up Comedy in Scottsdale, this is the only Spot!!!
5	This is a great spot in Old Towne Scottsdale for a fun night out!  We went with a large group for a birthday party.  We had several different age groups, and all were entertained.  Our tickets were purchased beforehand.  When we arrived, we entered the "waiting room" and had drinks.  Right before the show started, we were escorted to our seats.    There were a couple of warm up acts before the headliner.  All I have to say is "Chipotle Paste"!!  Only Howard Hughes knows the background to that story!!  Everyone was very nice and accommodating.  The acts were hilarious and engaging!  We will bring all of out-of-town guests here for a fun alternative of "going out".  Thanks Howard!
4	Great place, interesting space. Would love to see some big names but still fun and affordable!
5	I had the priviliage of seeing Howard Hughes headline last night and he was freaking awesome. I almost peed my pants several times. I never stopped laughing. The service was great and so was the food. Can't wait to see Howard headline again. I will be telling all my friends about this club.
4	Very nice place! Found parking no problem. Food was good, atmosphere was great! Tickets were reasonable. Drinks and food were pricey but that is to be expected at a comedy club. One thing Im still unclear on... I emailed the club prior to the show inquiring about 2 drink minimums and got a response from "Sus". She said $15 per ticket and no minimums. But the menu at the club stated 2 drink/item minimum. It wasn't an issue for us because a couple beers in 3hours is guaranteed. Just thought that was strange. The owner is charismatic. And I would suggest people read up on Comedy Club etiquette before attending. Other than the headliner last night, great experience. Poor guy.
5	This place was so freaking awesome!!! I don't know why I haven't been here before...but will be there all the time!!! Great start to a night out in Old Town or date night!!!
3	My boyfriend bought me tickets to a show here when we were visiting his parents for Christmas in the Phoenix area.  I'm a pretty big fan of stand-up and have been to lots of shows in various venues - I thought this place was set-up very well, and the staff was friendly and welcoming.We arrived "on time" for the show, meaning we were pretty much the last ones to arrive before they started taking people into the main showroom.  The "waiting room" was nice - plenty of seats to relax, and a great place to just have a beer before the night begins (it reminded me of the waiting room at the Funny Bone comedy club in Pittsburgh, which I love).  I was worried that we were in "group 5", the last one to be seated, but I shouldn't have been -- there isn't a "bad seat" in this house... they all have a great view of the stage, and the sound carries through the place.A waitress came quickly to take our orders as soon as we were seated which was nice.  I *LOVE* that they don't have a two drink/food order minimum -- a lot of places I've been do, and it's nice not to feel obligated or pressured to order (although we ended up meeting that quota anyways).  My only complaint is that when my guy's parents ordered "just waters", the waitress didn't mention that it comes in a bottle and is $4 a pop.As for the acts, I wasn't thrilled.  The owner MC-ed the night, and although I didn't notice, my boyfriend felt it was a slightly annoying that he kept mentioning owning the place every time he spoke.  I just didn't find him that funny.  On the other hand, I think it's pretty cool that it's locally owned.  The last guy to go on did keep me laughing once he warmed up the crowd (the first two acts didn't get that job done), but he actually MENTIONED how few laughs there had been earlier in the night.  Um, we know that we haven't really been laughing... pointing it out just made it kind of awkward.  Once he got going though, I really enjoyed his jokes.The place is worth checking out, and I'd probably stop back around if I'm in town.
5	Enjoyed a great night of comedy. Thanks!
5	I have been here at least 10 times. Every time has been fantastic. Howard is welcoming. The drinks are made well. The price is reasonable. The pace of the comedy is just right. They usually start right on time. The service is always very slow before and during the show. I have learned to order two drinks at a time because the server rarely returns. This has been consistent with each time I've been there. They would make more money if they put more servers on to get drinks to the people who want them. I will return again and again. This place is great!
5	Went and checked out Andrew Norelli this last weekend.  He was funny but the review is about the place.  To make a long story short; reasonable priced drinks, food (tried the fried mac and cheese bites) was good, service was quick, and even the host/owner of the place was funny when he was on stage for a bit.  He gave everyone a discount ticket for another show since it started a little late -- which was a bonus since I didn't mind it starting late (since the bar was pretty quick to get a drink from).  The lesser known talent leading up to the headliner were awesome.I definitely plan on making this a regular spot.  Next time I'm thinking of going a little early and grabbing drinks at the Western (bar and grill) next door before the show.
5	Well, my second time at SUS was just as great as the first...if not better!!!  The scheduled headliner was snowed in, but Howard still threw together an amazing show! If you haven't been, get your ass there!!  Great comedians, great vibe, great night always!!!
5	Heard about this place on KDKB in the mornings. I'd never been to a comedy club, so my bf and I planned a date night here.Absolutely LOVE this place. Great people, great talent. My bf and I enjoyed it so much when we first came here that we came back two weeks later. We plan on coming here at least once a month. What better way to unwind after a hectic week of work than to laugh your @$$ off?!
4	It's our second time here at StandUp Scottsdale. The first time was not too memorable. The performer was not that funny, hence the crowd was not engaged. Last nite was our second time... 6 mates looking for more than just your typical club/pub scene. We purchased our tix online seemlessly. Drinks were moderately priced for Scottsdale. The seating was more comfortable than the one in Tempe. The performers were funny, and it seems the format was a bit more laxed (which is brilliant, in our opinion)! All were funny, but Godfrey was hilarious! Hahaha.Thank you for not imposing a two drink minimum. We still had a bit of libation, and snacks. We just don't appreciate when it's imposed. ^_^The 9:30pm show went on to the wee hours of the next day. We were enjoying the show that much that we didn't mind it at all. Manager gave all attendees a comp tix for the "inconvenience." Thank you! But sincerely, it was not an in inconvenience at all.The only thing we were not fond of was our server. She walks off in the middle bit of placing our orders. Other than that...We all had a jolly good time! ^_^We'll make it our usual spot from here on. After all, we all could use a laugh after a week long of being cooped up in the office, no?
5	Brought my friend here for her 30th birthday to see Godfrey and our little group had an amazing time! We laughed so hard we burned all the calories in those to.die.for mac n cheese bites! The owner is legit and we will definitly be coming here again! Tickets are not overpriced and the mixed crowd made it comfortable. Thanks for a good time!!!!
5	Was invited by work friends that actually do B2B business with Howard. Was presently surprised. Loved the Vibe, the venue, and the talent they had was right up my alley. Gloves off comedy is the best. Definitely recommend this spot for something different on a Friday and Saturday when Old Town  gets old. Howard also gave out free tickets to everybody because the show went late. To me that was a Win-Win. Appreciate it Howard and the Stand-Up crew.
5	Really amazing place. There actually is room to move around . Your not sitting on someone.  The owner is super awesome and funny.
3	My second time here, I thought the first time would be my last. I will go to pretty much anywhere to see a good comedian. It was uncomfortably hot both times I've been there. This is Arizona, get a properly working air conditioning system. The service we had was great, but after the show the owner was the one to inform everyone that other people didn't receive all the items they ordered. The bathrooms were messy, but most of the audience seemed like they'd been day drinking, so I don't hold that against the club at all. Tom Rhodes was hilarious, and I would come back to SUS next time they get a comedian worth seeing. I really like how cheap the tickets are, the no drink minimum doesn't really sway me in coming back or not, I'll order more then 2 drinks anyways. If you like supporting local businesses and seeing local comedians, this is totally the spot for you. If the owner wasn't so weird at the end of the show, I would've given this place a 4 or 5 star review. He just kind of killed our night. Maybe Jon Taffer needs to check back on this place.
5	Fun little club.  I like that they don't have a 2 drink mimimum!
4	Just went here over the weekend. Saw Felicia Michaels & Gene Pompa, I would not say they were the funniest pair I have ever seen, but it was fun. It started about 20 minutes late, and the owner ended up doing a couple of acts, he was funny in a strange way. Honestly for $15 it was well worth the money, and the venue is very intimate. I do think the drink prices are kinda high, but pretty much the norm for this type of thing. I would certainly go back.
5	I've been here at least 7-10 times. They have the best comics and I never stop laughing. It's great to see the owner Howard Hughes perform to. This place had the raunchiest and funniest humor. Howard makes me feel like he really appreciates my visit. The comics here and the best.  I won't go anywhere else.
5	Was in the area for Spring Training, had no idea this place existed until I passed it after having dinner a few blocks away. I drove by, but my girlfriend suggested we stop and check it out. This ended up being a far better suggestion than the one she made for dinner. That night was a hodgepodge of a bunch of comedians from all over the place, and was headlined by Tom Rhodes. Of the 6 comedians we saw, 5 were hilarious and the other one wasn't too bad either. Left with my cheeks sore from smiling so hard.
1	I was having a good time until the waitress ruined my mood I asked for popcorn and waited patiently for it everyone around me got their popcorn and drinks I decided to wait a little longer to see if mine came.  Still no popcorn and I was hungry I decided to say something so I saw the waitress and said excuse me, she said 1 sec and took off for a while then finally came back I asked if she could please check if it was coming soon she said I'm sure they are making it right now. It had now been 30 minutes and I'm sitting there annoyed instead of enjoying the show finally she came back and the people in front of me told her they were given popcorn by mistake so she leaves and comes back with our popcorn and doesn't even apologize for the mistake.  So the whole night I was annoyed with the waitress and did not enjoy the show!  It may sound stupid that all of this over popcorn but its not about the popcorn its about bad! Customer service that can ruin your whole experience and mood how can u expect to enjoy a few laughs when your pissed off and annoyed the whole time
5	My husband and I came back to the club for a second time on our wedding anniversary. I was so excited to see that they got rid of the two drink minimum which is awesome. Show was great as usual. We will be coming back again! :)
5	No drink minimum...great comedians.  Saw Lynne Koplitz. She was the best for a girls night!!! Ck this place out so fun!! Will be going back!!! Thanks Howard!!
3	The show was absolutely amazing last night. They just needed to wait to let in for the next show. It totally screwed up the headliners' last half an hour. He even said on stage that he's cutting it short because there was a whole crowd being loud in the back that didn't even pay to see the show. I was all the way up front and still had a hard time hearing all the jokes over the newcomers in the back. Just wait till the show is over to let the next group in, ok?
5	The first time went to a show at StandUp Scottsdale was last Friday night to celebrate  my birthday. Let me just say that I was beyond delighted. Being that the club is only minutes from Swanky Scottsdale, I was a little surprised to see that the outside of the club looks a bit scary. However, once we got inside, I was glad to see the tables were nicely spread out (we were in the front row, but still...) and there was no Scottsdale-ish pretense. The drinks were only so-so, but I give them five stars for not having a two-drink minimum. Plus, the atmosphere had a pleasant, comfortable vibe that I haven't found at other "Improvs" in town. What's more, they had a few warm-ups acts that were decent, especially the owner. (I forgot his name but he's a cute metrosexual who's my age...LOL) And the headliner, Lynne Koplitz, was one of the funniest comedians I have ever seen. When my friends and I left, our sides hurt from laughing so much! So...would I go back? Absolutely! This club has a great ambiance that is too fabulous too pass up for a date night or Girls Night Out. Enjoy!
5	This comedy club was great and The Headliner Joe Materese was incredible. You must go and see it.
5	Thank You Howard Hughes!!  After dinner at The Mission..... we said, "lets go to the comedy club"!!  ----- So glad we did!!!  Thank YOU!We loved the host from Compton... super sweetie and very adorably funny!!  I think it was his 2nd night -- And he was awesome.Then we laughed and laughed with the next person --- I forget his name.   Then you had us rolling ---- the "headliner" was a really weird guy --- but the 3 of you guys made our night!  Thank you so much.  You are funny and a great guy!!Thank You!
5	I came here last week because we met a guy that told us that it will be a good time and that the drinks were decently priced for Scottsdale.  As far as beer prices... they aren't.. but the well prices are.. so drink responsibly.. and drink well.  We went on Wednesday which was apparently open mic night (not the best night for comedy acts, but if you know that going into it... you shouldn't expect much).  There were a lot of funny acts from what I saw.... and a lot of people that needed work... but that is what they are there for...so... kudos to them.  When we got there, we were shocked how many people were there on a Wednesday night.  So, it is apparently a pretty poppin' place.  We sat down in the middle of the room, and my boyfriend ordered a few drinks which were decent.  Not a heavy hand, but not light either... The bartender seemed to keep things under lock down, and with that many people... that is pretty good.We settle into our seats and watch some of the acts go up, and a lot of them sucked (remember.. it is open mic, so keep an open mind)... but there were a few that stood out.  There was this black guy from compton that was funny.  There was some other guys and girls that were pretty good, I was really shocked that the guy running the show wasn't funny at all though.  He would go up between every comic and just make some stupid comment that didn't half make sense.  He wasn't even ironically funny or accidentally funny... he was just.... bad.  As we left, one of the comics that did a musical set (which was one quarter awkward and three quarters really funny) came up to us and gave us some complimentary tickets to come to a weekend show, and explained that this night is where the comics try new material out and get better.  We are definitely coming back for a weekend show if they pick the funniest people from the open mic to be on it.
5	Awesome vibe, great atmosphere, great hosts. I was impressed the owner was a real "stand up" guy and very accommodating.
5	Was there last night for my 5th or 6th time this year... Gotta be honest in saying the vibe of this place is exactly what you would think walking in. Good people just focusing on one service, comedy. They don't sell themselves as anything else. You're there to laugh and you'll get exactly that.
5	I went to this place for the first time. Quinn Dahle was the main act. He is hilarious!  So is Howard Hughes and all the other openers!!! Great venue. Seating is perfectly arranged. No drink minimums like at those other places. I will definitely return for more laughter!
4	We bought a groupon for this club. All 4 comedians were awesome and hilarious!! The only reason that I didn't give 5 stars was because the wait staff was very slow. However I did appreciate that we did not have to stick to our 2 drink minimum requirement.
5	Love the vibe here. Staff is awesome (especially Kamrin). It's the kind of place that makes you feel at home and puts a smile on your face from the time you get there until well after you've gone home from all the memories you take with you.thank you Howard H. for providing a perfect venue!
5	I give 5 stars because despite the minor mistakes (like hold time, having a drink spilled, and waiting 30-45 mins to be waited on) I know that nothing is perfect and I don't sweat the small stuff. Why? Because I enjoy great comedy. I don't take life too seriously and I love seeing independent comics sharing their 15 minutes of what they value the most out of their life to share with the audience. Those are the things I appreciate and absolutely live for. Thank you Howard Hughes, Jason Collings, Frank Zapata and the rest of the comics for a great show. I'll definitely be returning back!
1	Edited after the comment by howard:I have no interest in arguing but just wanted to clarify that the video is incorrect. That was not the night I visited the comedy club, and I have no idea or relations to those people in that video. I somewhat appreciate the effort in trying to make something wrong, right. At the same time, I don't appreciate the comment about integrity, especially when all the 'facts' are incorrect. I'll leave it at that, and will leave the review as it is. 4 stars for the comedians, drinks, and bartendersEven the opening comedians were hysterical!1 star for the owner who wants to be a comedian. Please leave it up to your guest comedians. If you must crack jokes, pay attention to your audience's reactions. I'm the first one to crack on my race, but when you're making jokes almost as inappropriate as bad Holocaust jokes, you should probably stop. I tried to be a good sport at first, but when the distasteful jokes kept coming, it became a little much. The rest of the audience was silent & someone from the back actually started shouting back (negatively) at him (whether they're Asian or not I'm not sure).Disregarding that particular time of the night, it was a good time.Would I come again? No thank you.
2	The show was scheduled for 9:30pm.  We arrived at 9:10pm and were left in an entry room with a bar with only one bartender and a never-ending line.  It would have taken until the 4th of July to get a cocktail.  Plus, as people kept coming in, there was less and less room to stand (all stools were already occupied).  In addition, the room temp got hotter and hotter.  Finally, at 945pm they opened the door to the main show room and that was complete chaos.  We were given a Group # but it was almost like a bum rush to get out of this packed entry room into the main room and to a table.  No one seated us as people were just scrambling to sit wherever.  I've been to a lot of comedy clubs and this entry process from walking inside to finally getting a table on our own was a first...and completely unorganized and not professional.Also, at our table, after having a couple of cocktails, I asked the waiter for an ice water and he said the owner's rule is no ice waters, only bottle water for purchase.  (It's not as if my table wasn't purchasing drinks all night.  I just wanted a glass of water towards the end of the show.). Thanks.  That was awesome.HH's set was way too long, drawn out and it took him forever to get to a punch line which most of the night he missed on badly.  The guy has some talent, but he needs to pick it up and get on and off the stage.  Focus less on being on stage forever and more on running a better operation is my suggestion as a customer.  Leave the comedy to the comics who are brought in.As for the comics, The opener was very good.  And the headliner (Cash) was great.  The service by our waiter was also very good with the exception of the request for one glass of ice water.Groupon or not, probably will not be back.
4	Tonight was the second time we've been to this comedy club and I don't know why we don't go more often.  It's a casual place, smaller than the other clubs, so there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The staff is friendly and quick, the food and drinks are solid, it's just an all around good time.  We actually showed up a few minutes late, but everyone was still nice and Howard found seats forus quickly.  Rather than worry about getting all dressed up and spending a ton of money to stand around in a crowd in Old Town, just go get some laughs, have some drinks, and enjoy yourself at this place!  (You can always go out afterward).  Thanks for a great date night and keep It up, Standup Scottsdale!
5	I'm giving Stand Up Scottsdale a solid 5 star. Here's why. First of all I love to laugh. If someone can make me laugh; truly make me laugh... I will remember them. There is enough anger and bitterness in this world , so humor and wit are blessings. That said , Stand Up, made me laugh my yayas off. The comedians were all very good. I had not ever been to Stand Up in my 8 plus years of desert-dom and finally got my chance on Saturday when invited out to celebrate our best friend's  birthday party gathering beginning at Stand Up. We got our tickets online and all was easy - peasy when we got to the door at 1850p for our check in. We were promptly seated and served our first round of drinks. Impressive top shelf liquor selection to choose from. Since we were late to our hotel after work , we needed food! The BBQ is good. Initially we were brought the wrong order but the waitress was sweet, apologetic and made it correct; that means everything. She had her hands full, as this was a large group of people! Many from a fitness club in Scottsdale; let's face it... That's NOT an easy, nor low maintenance group! The headliner was Joe Derosa. Hilarious. Again all of the acts were good/great. Howard is funny, he's quirky cute and was making sure everyone was taken care of. Busy like a bee the whole time. He mentioned our group and thanked us more than once for coming out. Being grateful, and courteous, again, goes along way. I have to say, this was not the guy I saw on Jon Taffer's Bar Rescue once! He really seemed a genuine person. Know this, there is a little dig in the show about yelpers , & he says he will answer back! So, with that, YELP responsibly. Well, Stand Up Scottsdale, you won this Elite's 5 star. I loved you and your staff; nope, your not, 'a  F'ing restaurant,' as you say and we did get our food and get this... It was good! And so were all of you! Thanks for a great night of laughs for me, the birthday boy and our entire group! Return rate 100%
5	Came here Saturday night while visiting Scottsdale. My friends and I had a great time. It was a full show. We were sat in the back but had great service and some tasty food and drinks. One of the comedians who I think was the owner mentioned yelp, so here I am!  All of the comedians were great. Go check it out if you are in the area and looking for a good time.
5	I went here with some friends. We had a great time, lots of laughs! The owner, Howard Hughes did a bit and is funny guy, but all the acts kept us chuckling! Our waitress, Christina was AWESOME! She recommended the house special cocktail-Blue Balls, it was a hit! We will be back! When you go, ask to sit in het section, no waiting, dying of thirst and service with a smile!
5	Met the owner Howard at a local restaurant who invited my girlfriend and I  to this club. We found the acts to be well-worth the reasonable ticket price. The venue is comfortable and plenty of room. Very friendly staff and this place is worth trying if your in the area.
4	Have a great time every time I go. Drinks are good, food is good. I only wish the chicken wings were bigger
2	I've been to stand up 5 times now, and what brought me back so many times was the location, and the guest comedians. It is a great, affordable and easy date night. After the fourth time however, I noticed a routine. Right as the show is getting good the owner Howard gets up and does his bit. It completely kills the mood--from discussing his stroke (every single time) to talking about disabled children, and giving philosophical opinions on life, it was all a bit of a buzzkill. The rest of the show was ruined for me. I want to love this place, but it's not worth it to go to a comedy show and not laugh and be entertained.
5	Just got back from the comedy show at Standup Scottsdale. We saw Vince Morris! What a great show! Hubby and I laughed until we cried and my stomach muscles were hurting. We ended up being part of the show and the crowd was chanting my name. Too funny! If you ever get a chance to see him, you should! And we got to see the show for free!
5	Date night....AWESOME NIGHT! We laughed all night long! Great crowd...intimate....great service! Definitely coming back!
5	If you want a night of REAL comedy this is the place.  Howard Hughes is legit thanks for a great time!!!!
5	Best Bang for Your Buck...Period! I don't know about any hamsters, I do know that I experienced a great night of Real Legitimate Comedy. Our service was stellar, the waitress was on top of her game. She was always around yet not intrusive, pleasant, and most importantly accommodating. Howard Hughes took great care of us before and after the show. Vince Morris Crushed it as a headliner...#WheresYourMamaFrom. My Super Awesome Wife and I will be back again and again! She reported the restrooms were clean and adequate for the venue. 2 thumbs up!
3	Went to see a one night comedy show featuring Vince Morris. Vince was hilarious, and SOME of the opening comedians were funny. Overall, good show. The funniest part of the night: The club charging $4 for water (denying me tap) and serving dessert in paper plates. Really??Other than that, things were good.
5	2 times here in 2 weeks.Lots of fun last week.  Great comics, great service (Chris was my server) and great drinks.Tonight I am having dinner here.  They just changed food providers to Sugar Rae's.  I have no info on this company but we'll see!They have a larger selection of BBQ.  They also offer 3 salads and 3 flatbread options.  They have a variety of typical BBQ joint sides:  baked beans, Mac & cheese, cole slaw......I ordered the 3 meat plate with pork, brisket and a hot link.  My sides are baked beans and Mac & cheese.Food is good.  Chris was my server again so service was also good!
4	I visit Scottsdale once a year and decided to give this place a try. This weekend SUS was hosting Carmen Lynch - we had a fantastic time. The place was packed too. When we got there (around 6:30pm for the 7:30pm show), we got a few drinks in the waiting area, then around 6:45pm we were let into the main room where we were sat in twos at tables. The main room was nice - the staff was funny and attentive - once the show started it got quite warm in the room but nothing to really complain about. The opening acts were fabulous - Mike Kennedy being one of them. The owner Howard Hughes came up after 1 or 2 opening acts to give us a show - he's allowed after all, but I quickly got lost as to where his comedic act was headed - I understand that it's his place and he can do what he wants, but I wanted to feel more as if he really belonged up there, but it just felt awkward as if he was up there because he could. Carmen was wonderful and overall I laughed my butt off all night! At the end Howard came back up to re-plug his comedy club...and then plugged another club saying it was cleaner and nicer - dude claim your ground! Your place is great! Seemed real keen on Yelp and leaving a review, but only good ones.....ok here it is! For those complaining about not getting tap water and having to pay $4 for Voss water - the place has to make money somehow besides ticket sales...plus why would you want to drink tap water...? Theres water in beer, drink that. Don't really have any cons about the place, and will return when I come back to Scottsdale next time!
4	We went again and it looks like the price of drinks came down. The seats are still hard as rocks and crammed in there. The crowd was my age group (40s and 50s) this time. I think they should knock out the wall and make the room bigger so they don't have to shove us in there like cattle. A great show as always though!
1	Edit #2: Thank you Howard for the private messages, but if you read my first edit, you would have read that the video is incorrect. That is not me, nor do I know those people (FYI my father has passed away so unfortunately, that could not be my father in the video - just to clarify things), and that was NOT the night I had visited the comedy club. Please make sure your information is correct before you decide to spread information about reviewers onto other social networks (in this case, Youtube), especially when you decide to use a person's name.
5	I found this place on Groupon! I went last Friday for the first time and it was great! Everyone who works there really makes you feel like they are so happy you came! From the ticket taker, to your server, to the owner, they all show their appreciation for your patronage. The drinks were great, the service was great and the comedy was great! It is a very intimate setting where there isn't a bad seat in the house. Did not order food, but from what I saw and smelled...and the reaction of the other guests, it seemed really good. As I was leaving one of the comics, who I found out was one of the owners, gave me a huge hug and thanked me for coming. I will definitely be back and next time I plan on ordering the food and making a night of it!! We are so blessed to have such a local club right in our own backyard!!
2	Went to our first show last night. Let me begin by saying the talent was incredible, we did not stop laughing the entire time. Food and drinks on the other hand? The WORST. I ordered the premium Moscow Mule and it was incredibly weak and barely carbonated. It tasted as if it was watered down. My friend ordered a raspberry mojito and same story. The mint and raspberries weren't muddled and there was more soda water than necessary, making the drink flavorless. 3 in our group ordered makers mark on the rocks... Those were fine, although it's pretty difficult to screw that drink up. In addition to a cocktail I ordered a water and filtered/tap water is unavailable. You are forced to pay $4 for still Voss- no charge for ice tho HAHA what a joke... Moving on to the food: my dad ordered the gumbo, it was okay but nothing special. I ordered a chicken Caesar salad and the lettuce was soggy. The chicken was cold in the center and warm toward the edges... Yuck. My friend had mozzarella sticks and we didn't expect them to be handmade but if they had actually been cooked through- not still cold in the middle-it would have been nice. Another friend had the sliders... Soggy bun, pretty disgusting. We don't expect 5 Star fine dining at an establishment such as this but at least get your timing right when throwing frozen mozzarella sticks in the oven. Bottom line: eat dinner somewhere else and bring a flask... Bar rescue didn't do much but improve aesthetics and still not much of an atmosphere at that. Thank goodness decent comedians actually perform or this place would be out of business.
4	This club is very, very cool. Love most of the acts, love the owner's sense of humor, love the stage and it's intimate proximity to the audience.  I do have to comment on the food,  however.  We've been there several times and have been underwhelmed. A night out at a comedy club can get pricey with the combo of cover charge, two drinks, and optional food. I think it's appropriate that guests can expect to order everyting listed on the menu and that the quality reflect the price. The last thing I want to do is dis management at one of my favorite places. So I will just suggest that the cherry on top of the sundae would definitely be for the chef to aim higher (if only because he/she is cooking in Scottsdale!!??), to be consistent, and to excite the customers. I know that running a restaurant is one of the hardest things in the world, but doing the basics right has to pay off.
5	We had a BLAST! Superb line up last night, we laughed uncontrollably from beginning to end. Staff was extremely friendly, attentive, and fun. Props to HH-- Love that this place is owned and operated by a local.. keep doing your thing Howard. For an amazing night out, and a great alternative to some douchey Scottsdale nightclub, do yourself a favor-- grab some tickets to this place and go laugh you a$$ off. Leave your ego and hater-ade at home.See you guys soon!Daryll and LuLu
5	Another amazing show last night!  All the comics were great and huge kudos to Chris Porter a real pro when dealing with someone who had a few too many.  Howard is awesome and if you are going out for some laughs with a date or a group. ..this is the ONLY place to go.  Can't wait for our next visit!
5	Another Outstanding Night of Comedy. I have given this club another 5 Star rating because they deserve it. This is a COMEDY club and what they deliver is World Class Comedy week after week. Howard Hughes has cultivated and grown this place into the "Real Deal". Hats of to Howard and his staff for making our work appreciation night a success. This is not a Fine Dining Establishment, one that produces meticulously created alcoholic beverages muddled with exotic ingredients. There are places in Scottsdale that you can Yelp for these types of venues. What this place does guarantee is that you will see some original Comedy week in and week out. I have never been disappointed here! Myself and companions have always left entertained. Stand-Up Scottsdale is consistent...they always push the envelope of Comedy. Chris Porter, Mike Kennedy, and Howard nailed it again. I recommend checking out Chris Porter Ugly & Angry on Netflix. There was another local comic from Gilbert that I hope Howard will let know that we enjoyed.
4	I was GOING to come leave a review about how the chairs were uncomfortable and the food was weird and the bathroom was dirty but THEN I heard Howard's reminder that this isn't a comfort lounge or a bathroom club. It's a comedy club. So, pull the stick out of your butt and come have some laughs! We had a total blast on Saturday, and the lineup was seriously great. There were a couple of loudmouths (not even hecklers really, just obnoxious attention whores) and the comics/Howard dealt with them like a pro. The host was funny without trying to be his own act, and the only thing I regretted was that the first comedian didn't have more time.The drinks were good and they have a good selection--but I would love to see a cider on the menu! I got Red's apple Ale but it's just not the same as a cider. We also ordered calamari, mozzarella sticks, mac and cheese, and popcorn. It was nice to be able to munch during the show but I'll eat before I go next time...only because I'm a brat and a bar food snob. The service was good and discreet, and it was a great experience overall. Definitely better than waiting for the beat to drop at clubs all night. Bravo, Stand Up! We will be back.PS - currently investigating whether my Life Coach is also an Uber driver...
5	The best comedy club in Arizona!  Period!
5	Had a great time at Stand Up, Scottsdale last night.  This was my second time going to this club and the second time my friend and I have celebrated her birthday there.  We were not disappointed.  We both felt the need to celebrate with some comedy in light of the recent national loss of a treasured comedian and we were so glad that we did.  We were able to forget ourselves for the couple of hours that we were there. The opening act, Mike Kennedy, was absolutely hysterical!!  He had an unexpected and acerbic wit that we didn't see coming.  We left with many funny "one liners" to remember our time.I also thought Howard Hughes, the owner was excellent.  He has a very unique, very edgy and thoroughly entertaining style. I could listen to him for hours.  Another very nice feature to this club is it's very welcoming, engaging vibe.  Our servers were all very accommodating and friendly and the featured comics were willing to chat with the party goers after the show.  I've seen some reviewers comment on the two drink minimum, however, that has always been the standard for comedy clubs. When the check came at the end of the night, it seemed surprisingly low for food, drinks, and entertainment for a couple of hours.  I feel that Stand Up, Scottsdale is an incredibly good value for a great night out.  We can't wait to go back!!
5	I had a really amazing time going to see Thomas Dale during Labor Day weekend, 2014. The venue is intimate, as there is space and seating for probably no more than 100. This ensures everyone in the audience is equally up for the roasting by your comic. The tickets were only $15 per person, which was a great value.The only negative was this one customer who was drunk and needed to leave due to her inability to remain civil and quiet. We all wished the bouncers could have removed her early on; perhaps management won't tolerate this kind of bad conduct in the future. All of the comics tried to incorporate her loudness into their acts, but after outburst number 10, she just needed to be thrown out.
5	We're gonna give this dump another try...See you soon H.H.Just kidding, by the way... this place is a freaking blast- and we are excited to have another fun-filled night of laughs and debauchery at Stand Up!, Scottsdale! !
5	Had another great time at Stand-Up, Scottsdale!  It is becoming my go-to place for anytime I want to celebrate.  The headliner, Gary Gulman, is, in my opinion, one of the most talented comics in the industry.  I laughed so hard, my sides hurt.  It was an excellent time.  I also have to say how much I enjoy the staff at this club.  They are so nice, sincere, and accommodating.  From the moment you walk in to the club, and are greeted by the doormen and hostesses, you get the feeling that you are entering in to a  private party and they are happy to have you there.  Thanks for such a fun night out with friends!!
4	Great atmosphere! Love the fact the owner utilizes his security to quiet down those obnoxious loud table talkers!! Drinks are good & not watered down! The cocktails & domestic beers are a bit pricey, but it wouldn't keep me from going back!
5	I wanted to post an update to my previous review.  It's now been 3 days since I went to see Gary Gulman and I'm still cracking up remembering some of his material.  It was one of the best shows I have experienced live.  Having perused some of the reviews that were posted about that night I find I am completely surprised at some people's interpretations.  I am shocked by the reviewer who expressed the comedian's need to create "rapport" with the audience. I was there.  The drunk heckler near the front of the room was completely out of line and obnoxious and was interrupting Gary's act with rude and ridiculous comments.  I paid to see Gary perform, not listen to some obnoxious drunk woman. I, for one, was very happy when said customer stumbled out of the bar of her own accord.  Secondly, let me say that Stand Up, Scottsdale has the most tolerant attitude toward heckling that I have ever experienced at any other comedy club.  I'd venture to say this is because the owners and management are going above and beyond to ensure a good experience for the guests and give even the rudest and most un-enlightened customers the benefit of the doubt.  I for one hope to go back soon.
3	We enjoyed ourselves a lot and for sure will be a regular stop on the entertainment trail. Great Fun .
4	My girlfriend and I tried this place out last Saturday and we really enjoyed ourselves. I was smiling and laughing the entire time. This was my first live comedy show experience and it was certainly a positive one. The drinks were reasonably priced considering the fact that there was no drink minimum and that tickets were so cheap. We didn't have a chance to try any of the food but I wasn't super impressed with the options. Not a big deal considering I came there to laugh and drink, not to stuff my face. All in all it was a good experience and I will definitely be visiting them again.
5	This comedy club was by far one of the best one's I have been to. All the acts had the crowd laughing. I did however find Howard's nerd control vs. gun control joke a bit much, but hey its comedy so I'll just look past it. We did not try the food but it smelled amazing. The drinks are reasonably priced for Scottsdale and the price of the VOS water is more then reasonable. My husband and I will definitely be coming back here for date night again.
5	Great time and always great comedians.  The staff is very friendly. I would recommend  it if you want a good laugh!
5	Had a amazing time at Ben Roy show. I enjoy this spot and will for keep going and laughing. I am starting to look forward to it. It was my wife and I second time. We met the owner Howard and he was an amazing gentleman and funny himself on stage. One of new steady spots to hangout. We just moved from the Black Hills of South Dakota.The comedian Ben Roy, Amazing. His improv stuff off the cuff, Cutting Edge, brilliant. Why is this guy not in movies? 5 stars!
4	I have been a comedy-goer at this club for years. Typically five stars, good comics, good drinks, and nice stage set up. But sometimes there are some disappointing moments. Which has prompted me to write this review. More recently, I have seen the club slipping in service and quality of the experience. When I first began going, Howard was humorously prideful of his 'comic empire'. He will be sure to show that when he gets up on stage with his super awkward crowd work, which I love. However, the shows over the last few months have been a disaster, each one more so than before.Last night there was no crowd control, people were talking on cell phones during sets, texting, video taping with flash, having loud side conversations, yelling out interrupting jokes, walking up to the mic, and even one person who puked on the floor making the surrounding guests leave in disgust while the headliner was up. It was out of control! Neither security nor Howard did a thing to regulate this crowd. There was no comedy, the crowd ran the shit-show. I won't stop going to SUS just yet, but I hope my review resonates, and helps it from slipping to the snake-pit status of other venues such as the Comedy Spot (yuck).To be fair, I love SUS, and hope that this was just a string of bad luck. There is no where else in town where you can get such affordable, good comedy and no drink minimum (although I usually end up having my fair share). Unless you want to pay Improv prices for similar comedy, SUS is the place.
5	Made my first trip there thanks to John Melendez in town and the place was great. The staff is super friendly and kept up with our drink order and the collection of comics had us laughing non stop. Be prepared for Howard as there is nothing like him out there. It's a great value and if you go once you'll keep going back for more. You never know what you'll see from night to night.
5	The best comedy club in the greater Phoenix area! I love comedy clubs and when traveling, visit as many as possible. We are extremely fortunate to [locally] have a great comedy club in Stand-up, Scottsdale. I go to Stand-up Scottsdale almost every week and have never been disappointed. Howard Hughes brings a great variety of comedians to Stand-up, Scottsdale. Howard Hughes also does a set which is best when interactive with the audience. The venue is intimate, reminiscent of comedy clubs of the 1960's. Tickets are only $15 or less. There is plenty of parking within easy walking distance. The mixed drinks are stiff. The food is great and reasonably priced. Many of my friends have seen the shows and also recommend Stand-up, Scottsdale to their friends. Try Stand-up, Scottsdale, you will not be disappointed!
5	One of my first comedy club outings, and it was definitely one of the best. Highly recommend giving this place a try everyone.
5	I have to Stand Up Scottsdale many, many times.  The comics here are always funny with a variety of entertainment styles.  The owner, Howard Hughes even has a stand up routine that entertains the crowd!The food is from Sugar Rae's BBQ kitchen.  While they offer more than just BBQ I have to admit that I always seem to gravitate towards the BBQ because it is tasty.The drinks are good and at an affordable price.The staff is attentive and provides good service.I recommend you stop in for a show and be prepared to laugh your ass off!
4	Someone in charge obviously cares about this club.  The drinks were great. There was a fast paced funny line up and good atmosphere. Getting a reservation would have been easier without a groupon since its pretty much all on line. Turns out I was fine without one for a thursday night but i was nervous since I'd never been there before.
5	Howard Hughes was hilarious!  Great comedy and entertainment.  Service was ok and pricing on food was a little overpriced but we had a great time.  Will be back soon to see more shows.
5	My favorite comedy club in the valley! My husband and I love this venue. Great deal for a great show! The comedians are always great but Howard is my favorite - love his style. Cant wait to go back!
5	Was excited to see the place after seeing "bar rescue". The owner (forgot his name) was a douche on the show, however, last night he performed and I have to tell you he was the ONLY hilarious Comedian they had. Was let down by the headliner. The owner was the only funny one. Well done sir.  You deserve the buisness, just find some better comedians.  My grandma could write better material..
5	Laughed and laughed!!! Howard Hughes was great!!! The price was cheap for the fun my group had!!! Fast drink service too!!!
4	Every performer was awesomely hilarious. .my stomach hurt so bad. Food wasnt awesome but decent. But for the price it'll do. Servers were attentive and super nice. You have got to try this place..im definitly going back. Good job guys!!
5	Show was awesome!! Really had a great time. Show was really funny!! Cant wait to go back again
5	Most awesome night in a long time!  Highly entertaining, all through the night.  Even the less famous comics are good enough to lighten up anyone's heavy load!  The headliners are downright gut splitting!!!  Fun!!!
5	Had a fun night as out-of-state visitors. Comedian Mike Moses Kennedy and Stand Up Scottsdale club owner Howard Hughes were great on stage!
4	It was my first time going to Standup Scottsdale and I had a great time! The first few comedians were...not so funny, but they got progressively funnier as the night went on and by the 4th comedian I was laughing quite a bit. It's a nice, little establishment and I will definitely be going back :-)
4	I'm not surprised there are so many yelp reviews on here.  The owner really, really pushes hard for people to yelp about them.  He made at least two pitches for people to post.  And here I am.  Successful he is, it appears.Usually I don't review places with so many previous posts (I feel like after a while, it's just a lot of noise, unless the quality slides or something else changes dramatically).  But I did really enjoy our evening here.In total we saw 6 comics, including the host and owner.  It seemed the comic quality was setup to start lame and improve from there.  I would say #6 (the headliner, Mary Mack) was the best, but #3-5 (including the owner) were also pretty good.  Overall, I as satisfied with the experience, and if that was maintained, I'd be happy to return.We purchased a very reasonably priced Groupon to afford our evening.  Without that, we certainly wouldn't drink much ($10 cocktails, $6 beer on tap), and we may or may not eat again.  We ordered one dessert in addition to the Groupon included popcorn and drinks.  It was good, but seemed small for $6.50...Still, we didn't go for the food, so the fact that it's pricey doesn't really say much.  If you want to eat dinner here, it will be expensive (when compared to my ideal $20 for two budget).Our server was friendly and made frequent rounds, so we never felt neglected.  She answered our questions and brought what we ordered.  Happy face.Ultimately, if I can help it, I'll be here again.
5	Fun, laid back comedy club. Great comedians preform here & it's a fairly small venue so the shows are more intimate. The owner (didn't catch his name) is hilarious and makes sure everyone is happy and taken care of! Will definitely be back!!
5	Laughter is the best medicine!  Howard Hughes is so funny, he can't keep from chuckling at his own jokes!  Love the guy and the place he has blessed Scottsdale with.  I love the BBQ chicken fingers and the popcorn every time I go, and appreciate that they have a drink menu for people that don't drink ETOH.  I know this looks like Steve is writing this, but it's Hilja. Howard, you da man!  You have me laughing every time! Thank you.
5	We hosted a professional event here an had a great time! The owner was on top of it. Made sure we had great service, a hilarious show, and an all around great event. Highly recommend this comedy club for a night out or if you're looking to host an event.
5	This place is great. Been twice and laughed the entire time both times. Owner is really funny.
5	I have become quite a regular of Stand-Up Scottsdale and it seems that every time I am there, I like it more and more!!  The comedians are hilarious, the servers are awesome, the bartenders are great, the food is much better than ever, etc etc etc. I really have nothing bad to say about this place. It is how comedy should be. I Love It!!
5	Very affordable place.  The drinks are cheaper than any other comedy club.  The club has virtually no bad seat in the house.  There is plenty of parking.  There are no wasted ASU kids at the shows like the other comedy club near ASU campus.
5	This place never fails!  My husband and I come here all the time and are never disappointed!  I have been to other comedy clubs in valley and none compare. LOVE Stand Up Scottsdale!  If you are thinking about checking it out do it... you won't regret it! Can't wait to come back!
4	The venue is cozy, the comedians are funny (besides the owner, he's a little depressing), the drinks are reasonable (very clean glasses, at least they learned something from bar rescue), the food is what could be expected for a comedy club, the service is fair. I would probably go back depending on who was performing. I like Tempe Improv a little better but only because they seem to book acts I like more. Honestly I go to comedy clubs for the show so that's they only part I am really interested.
5	This place is well worth the money.  The line up of comics were hilarious.  Some better  than others of course, but all had their own style and personality.  The owner's bit was my favorite.  This place is better than the Laugh Factory at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.  $15 tickets are unheard of in Las Vegas.  If you are in Scottsdale, don't miss a night of fun at Stand-up Scottsdale!  I can't wait to go back.
5	I love this place !
5	Had a great time there tonight. Sarah Tiana was hilarious!  Howard, the owner, was a great host! Will definitely be going back!
5	Howard runs a great club with great comedians, bringing in tried and true comics as the headliners.I've never been to a bad show here and may even try it myself.The place is clean and well laid out to make sure everyone has a great view.The entertainers are friendly and always willing to talk after the show.It's always a great time.
1	I've been here a number of times over the past couple of years; however, I doubt I will go back. The good: the prices are very good. The service is also good. It's generally not overly crowded. There is all there is to recommend it, unfortunately.  The bad: a group of us went to see the divas of comedy a couple of months ago. They were all very base and not at all funny comediennes. We went again tonight for the New Year's Eve show. It was the most disorganized disaster I have witnessed masquerading as a stand up comedy act.  The host most of his monologue speaking Spanish, the first comedian followed this up with more monologue in Spanish with explanations in English. They allowed a customer to get on stage and heckle the host before the main act. The main act was also not funny at all. We could not get out of there soon enough. It's the first time I've seen so many people leave before the show ended. Save your time and money... Go elsewhere.
4	It's been awhile since I was in but I really liked the experience. Most of the comedians were great. Seemed like it took it awhile to get the show running but other than that it went well. I like that they have the coupons for the next show. I feel like I'm getting a "deal" even though I know I'll end up spending at least $50 on food/drink ;)
5	Omg, what s fabulous evening, we almost busted a gut we laughed so hard. We are a party of seniors, gen x's and millennials and we all loved it. Great food to boot and very reasonable prices with fast friendly service. Thank you Scottsdale comedy club for a memorable evening.
5	My husband and I love going out to stand up shows for our date night. We have been to probably 5 different venues in the valley and this is by far our favorite. We have been frequenting this spot for about 2 years and absolutely love it. We often bring our friends out to this club and spread the word about our hidden gem in Scottsdale. They have big names and no names, but it is always a blast. Service is great, the atmosphere is amazing, the comedy is gold, and the employees don't act like they are in Scottsdale at all. Howard is always a gracious host and our all time favorite of the night every time. His comedy Is something that must be experienced. I could go on for days about this club. I also love that they do not require a 2 drink minimum. My husband doesn't drink and I am the slowest drinker in the world (case in point- I'm still drinking the same Dr. Pepper from breakfast and it is 5:15 PM as I write this). I always feel uncomfortable at other places that force you to drink at least 2 drinks. At SUS I can enjoy 1 beer and my husband can order a couple bottles of water and not feel judged. (Plus we love that place so much we order the delicious BBQ to make up for our lack of drinking). Definitely try it out! You may be disappointed, but you may suck as a person too. I love it.
4	Went to the New Year's eve 6 pm show with some friends.  We had a great time!  Headliner was late, but very funny.  No drink minimum, but understandably they do want you to order something.  You are in the typical tight comedy club with small round tables, but it wasn't too tight.  Service was initially a bit slow, but considering it was packed and NYE, it was ok.  Server was great otherwise.  DRINKS ARE REASONABLE and GOOD!!!  I had bottled specialty beer that was $10, but huge.  Friend said her mixed drink was not watered down like other clubs do.  Will definitely be going back and skipping the Tempe and Downtown clubs with their exorbitant fruit juice prices ($15+/ea).  Just a better atmosphere, I think because people aren't pissed off from being ripped off.
4	This club is a lot more intimate compared to the other two larger known clubs in the valley.  The prices are very reasonable and as a local beer supporter I appreciate the selection of drinks provided.  The owner of the club got up to do a set which was pretty damn funny.  It is nice to actually see someone who genuinely cares about comedy along with creating a laid back atmosphere.  Sometimes comedy clubs take themselves too seriously by not allowing patrons to enjoy themselves.  Good comics can handle hecklers so I'd love to be at this place on a night when this handling is warranted.  I will definitely go back to the place and it sounds like they will be doing some serious renovations.  Give the place a try, at the very least you can have a few laughs.
