4	i know people who can do all of their food shopping here. i cannot. i absolutely have to have some things from here (edamame, gyozas, veganaise, grape tomatoes), but i still have to do extra ciricular shopping when i'm done.this location is pretty small, and i refuse to come on a saturday or sunday if i can help it. workers have always been friendly. free snacks/samples almost every time i've come. nearby shopping makes this location rock - Wildflower and Changing Hands.
5	This was the first trader Joe's that I ever shopped at and I have been a fan ever since (to the point that I drove 25 miles each way to shop at the closest one to me in MN).  The selection of vegetarian food is great and you just can't find better wine at the prices that they sell it for.  I agree with Lauren V. that you'll need to round things out at another store (for me it's typically kid stuff or cleaning stuff), but Trader Joe's is great for just about everything else!
4	I love you Trader Joe's.  No, you are not "my" grocery store.  I can't commit to you as my one and only baby.  It's not you, it's me.  I am tempted by the fruit of another.  Sprouts and Sunflower produce trumps you baby, but don't you worry your pretty head about it.  You've got my favorite cheese selection and you know how I am about cheese.  You know no matter how many times I stray, I'll always come back to you.  You don't need to worry about the items I buy at Safeway baby, that's different. That's just shopping.  What we have is something more than that.I love it whenever I discover something new about you.  I can't live without your hummus or your mediterranean style yogurt.  It reminds me of crisp mornings in the Amphora Hotel in Chania harbor.  Of course the honey here will never be as magical as it was in Greece but that's not your fault dear.I love that you know I'm not made of money.  I don't have to flash a lot of brass to impress you and that always makes me feel accepted and appreciated.  Even when you're cold, or feeling like you can't give me the things I want (because let's face it you're *always* out of stock on something I really like) I can always find something to make me feel like our time together is special and well worth the effort.It might be another week or so until our next visit baby, but you know you're gonna be on my mind and when I hunger for something only you can provide, you know I'll be back.  I always come back.
5	Trader Joe's is awesome for the following reasons:1) Australian grass-fed steaks - $4! 2) bagged salad greens for $1.993) middle eastern flatbread - like $1.89 for a huge bag4) white bean and basil hummus - YUM5) the magic that happens when you combine all of the above6) really good, really cheap frozen vegetables7) TJ's greek yogurt in fig - i never leave with fewer than 10 of these.Things that are not so great:1) I am a sucker for grape tomatoes, and theirs are rarely good. small, flavorless. somehow dry. for these, I have to go to Costco, which has consistently fab grape tomatoes.2) the organic avocados tend to not be great, and they are wildly expensive. or maybe they just seem expensive because everything else is like $2. avocados are my other must-buy-at-Costco item.Clearly, Trader Joe's is awesome. my only real complaint about this TJ's is that it's pretty small, but i've heard a rumor that they're expanding this one. Hopefully they'll expand the parking lot along with it. 5 stars!
4	Joe, I like your prices.  My daughter LOVES your packaged salads.I like your turkey sandwich meat.We both like your horrible looking but tasty green plant food juice, yum.I love your jojoba oil, esp. the price.My son loves the banana granola bars.Sprouts has me for their vitamins and coffee.  But maybe, just maybe next time visiting Joe's I will price the coffee and if you have organic decafe at a reasonable price, Sprouts will have another reason to be 2nd best behind Joe's
5	This is the best grocery store ever!  I went there today to buy one thing- mini meatballs and left after spending $50.  There are just to many good things to buy.  I love the shepherd bread.  My whole family eats meat except me so it is great to buy all the marinated raw meats or the precooked meats.  I love all the cheese... cheap eggs... organic carrot juice, greek yogurt, the pizzas are awsome, the bruschetta sauce, creamy tomatoe soup is TO DIE FOR.... frozen vegetables in a balsamic butter sauce, the white corn is mmmmmm, edamame, shelled pomegranate seeds, nuts, wasabi peas, fruit leather, wines (some really good ones for just $3!!!), non alcoholic mojito, great teas, ect ect ect. I highly reccommend checking out traderjoesfan.com and reading the reviews of the food.  You'll find new things to try no matter how many times you have been there before, I promise.
2	I have never really been impressed with Trader Joes. I find them to be over priced and lacking variety. I have had hit-or-miss luck with finding vegetarian options. I guess I might be happier if I were a meat eater.Also, the produce selection is always really limited, at least the the Camelback Location.Just my two cents.
4	Not much more I can add to the reviews here since I think most people already have opinions about the store.  One thing specifically about this store is that it has a separate entrance and exit which seems to make the store seem less crowded.  They layout seems better to me, but I suppose everyone says that about their "own" Trader Joe's store.
4	Anyone who knows me well knows that I hate grocery shopping. Hate it. Recently I was introduced to Trader Joe's and this past weekend, I took my husband there for the first time. While I can't say I have fallen in love with grocery shopping, I have found that I can at least go to TJ's when need be.The layout of the store is fabulous. It's just a big enough store to give you variety and some choices, but not big enough to overwhelm you, especially if you are not a seasoned grocery store veteran. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help you find something, and the check out clerks are chatty without being annoying. I really can't compare TJ's prices to those you would find at a regular big box grocery store, but according to my husband who does all of our grocery shopping and knows which stores are the best for certain items, he says that TJ's prices are comparable if not lower than other grocery stores.I like the pre-packaged salads, sandwiches, and wraps, which are perfect to take to work for lunch. In fact, I had a TJ's chicken caesar wrap for lunch today and it was delicious! Do make sure to check the dates before purchasing to ensure that if you aren't going to eat it that day that it will last for a few more days. The organic pesto pizza that can be found in the frozen section is also very good and just the right size for two people. I was a little disappointed in the Red Delicious apples that I bought (nicely priced at 49 cents each)...they didn't have the crunch to them that I appreciate, but I'm not sure if it was the quality of their selection or that I just did a crappy job of picking two apples.This TJ's does seem to be quite popular especially given it's location in the same shopping center as Changing Hands and Wildflower, so if you go on a Saturday, I would suggest going early. We arrived at 11 am and it was quite busy and the parking lot was almost full.
4	They did a nice job expanding this location.  I moved here right as they were doing it, so I didn't suffer long.The beer selection does seem smaller now, but the wine is larger.  Though it is a big store, the sections do seem kind of small, but I guess that makes it seem not like a big grocer...Like most other TJ's in my experience.  Clean, upbeat and tasty.
5	Great prices, great products, great variety, great staff, decent beer selection... I love Trader Joes.
5	not my option for fresh products as it get's a bit expensive for my budget, but if you are lazy to cook this place will offer interesting things. I like their new products every once in a while. They have interesting things and I love their desert section...so many yummy things to try!
5	$3/lb frozen blueberries$1.70/lb frzn strawberriesgreat products like bread, wraps, fresh produce, bagged greens, fish oils, cheeses, yogurt, soymilk, oh man, we must get 65% of our food from here!Yeah!Also shop at Sunflower Market and BigLots, sometimes Whole Foods.
5	Trader Joe's flowers.  That's enough for 5 stars right there.  The wine is cheap as you could hope for, certain soups in funny shaped cans are worth the drive, and gmo fearing folks can shop in peace...yes, yes, all well and good.The flowers people, get with it! Their flowers are:1) cheaper 2) last for practically a week+3) prettier 4) varied ...you can get orchids, roses, daisies, lilies, flowers I've never seen before.Seriously, it is pissing me off that people spend $50 on a bouquet that dies in literally a day when for $5 you can get any number of small bouquets that are infinitely better.  Buy 10 of them and overwhelm your guy/gal with flowers! Buy a potted orchid for $10, chances are they love orchids, because who doesn't?  Buying those over-priced pieces of crap flowers from Fry's or Basha's...come on now, you may as well give a glass rose from Circle K and some meth.
4	I love this place!  Not only does it make me feel happy and healthy, it makes me eat that way too!  I'm getting married in a couple months, and the future hubby and I have greatly limited our nights eating out and ordering in.  Our savior?  The whole wheat pizza dough!  Every Friday I stock up, and at least once (yes, sometimes twice!) we'll each make a pizza - soooo delicious.  The staff is friendly and helpful,  I can always find what I need, and in the rare occassion that something isn't up to standard returning it is a breeze.  Oh!  And the samples and wine selection are great too!
4	The staff is always friendly and helpful if you need to locate an item.There are many great items to choose from here and the prices are very affordable. I think the one exception is some fruits and vegtables can be a little expensive for the amount you get. I normally don't shop for produce. Depending on the time of year, they have some real good prices on blackberries and strawberries.I would encourage you to try the flat bread or pita bread with TJ's hummus and the pizza dough and sauce to make your own pizza at home.TJ's also has a wide selection of wine and beer that would fit almost any budget.
5	Oh TJ's what would I do without you? shop at Whole Foods? no, too pricey. shop at Sprouts? eh, I like their produce deals but it ends there. TJ's is my favorite grocery in which I tend to do most of my shopping there with the exception of produce because of the limited selection :-(. But I'm a fan of almost everything else offered. Love the different bread selection which may not be as extensive but substantial. The cheeses on sale are good, it's a wide selection and meets the basics. Their snack items are good, never pass up on their TJ's reduced fat cheese curls *yum* and the juice packs are sooo good too! But what I love about TJ's is their Tempe location at McClintock and Guadalupe. The complex has such a cool vibe mainly because TJs are neighbors with changing hands bookstore and wildflower bakery. The staff at this TJs are really nice, and I like the layout as well as overall feel to the store. I sometimes  shop at their Ahwatukee foothils location but for some odd reason, the TJs Tempe is way better, maybe because this is a more established location, oh and there are alot of cute guys that work at the Tempe location *just an observation* so I guess makes my shopping visits worth it! ;-)
5	Best customer service ever!  It was great deal for a case of wine! :)Nice selection for Organics.  But you can shop anywhere.... customer service is what you go for.... I am happy I found this before i left town!
3	They still haven't closed the gap between specialty stores, organics, and regular markets. At first I really liked the store but there are a "certain kind of people" who shop there. Hippies. I don't think a store should have a "theme". Anyway,  when I started opening up my cookbook and heading to Trader Joes (because if anyone has it, they should have it.) I ended up only finding some of the ingredients that I needed! These missing ingredients were not complex, such as a certain kind of short grain rice. So I ended up driving all over town to look for specialty stores to get it. They still need to keep adding!!
5	Very friendly staff!Clean, welcoming atmosphere.Good selection of healthy foods.Excellent wines at excellent prices.Food samplings are a plus!Low prices!It's all good at Trader Joe's!
5	Screw all grocery stores except Trader Joe's.This is la creme de la crop, I am telling you. I have this strange addiction to the place that keeps me coming back time and again. Could it be the amazing prices? yes. Could it be the awesome foods? double yes. Could it be the sweet wine selection? word. I usually hit up the nice floral section on my way in, those mini daffodils are so perty. I then go to the produce section, where I find the most awesomest heirloom tomato selection, my favorite mini potatoes, nice bag o brussels, cheap organic avocados. Oh today they had a make your own guacamole kit with 2 avos, a tomato, a shallot, a lime and a jalapeno, flippin sweet! I like to get the fantastic hummuses and tzatziki/raita, oh and their spinach dip is pretty amazing. The cheese plethora could bring me to tears, its such a weakness. I am currently enjoying the apple smoked garlic cheddar, yum. I then whip to the sample counter. They always have a great drink like their lemonade or iced tea or juice and, of course, their bomb coffee. The serve a special lil sample that is actually delicious, unlike the microwaved up breaded crap at most places. I had a mini tostada with all the fixin, soo num. I then go down the frozen food aisle. Some damn good frozen fish down there, salmons, mahi mahi, red snapper, cod, halibut, swordfish, whatev. They also have some really special frozen dinners, like the orange chicken could rival Panda Express and some pimp pizzas too. To wrap this up, I like to get a lil winetasting in and then pick up some super cheap, super great wine (beers too). This place knows what's up. Whenever I get my fearless flyer in the mail, I get so excited, I am flying over there in a heartbeat. I am never disappointed in their food (salted dark chocolate caramels are dreamy) or service( the nicest hippies you ever did meet).
3	Nice! But no shirataki noddles!
3	Okay. I get the whole, "We don't use pesticides on our produce" movement. Believe me, I do. I understand organic and I'm cool with it. But when I buy a single apple from you and bite into it in the car only to find a bug inside...please don't tell me, "Oh that happens sometimes with organic fruit." like I'm an idiot fat cat consumer who has never eaten a real apple before. Then offer me another free apple. I seriously just found a bug in your apple. WHY WOULD I WANT ANOTHER ONE?I don't even want you to waste the paper to refund me the 25 cents I spent on the stupid apple. I just want you to apologize to me and CHECK YOUR APPLES. Not stand there and tell me that "it happens" with organic fruit. Ugh.I won't ever buy produce from here again because of that. They do have a nice selection of wines, vegan cheeses, and other dairy/egg/meat substitutes though. I just refuse to trust their produce. After reading other peoples reviews I feel really bad giving it a low rating based on one experience but honestly it just ruined their entire produce section and view on their customer service for me forever.
5	i love this place! lots of good, healthy food options. prices aren't bad. everyone that works here is super nice. go check it out!
4	I have a few mixed feelings about TJ's.  This store is a nice one and the employee's are friendly and helpful.  The store is clean and I can always find what I'm looking for here.  I don't go to TJ's for the produce.  It's never all that great looking and very limited.  I like some of the prepackaged produce items though. TJ's markets itself as organic or a place where you can find less processed food.  I do like the fact that most of their frozen foods have very few ingrediants and are some of the best frozen foods around.  Their tameles are pretty darn good for frozen tameles.  Their spaghetti sauces are darn good and they are pretty cheap.  I also love their whole wheat sourdough bread.  I recently read an article that said TJ's was owned by a German company.  Really?  A store that seems so darn American and even has a Hawaiian/surfer vibe to it is owned by a German company??  I wish it wasn't because I do like TJ's but I really would rather give my money to a company that is based in the U.S. Does it mean I'm never going back to TJ's?  No, I'll be back because I'm hooked on certain products but now I may not purchase as much as I used to knowing where the money is going.
4	Dear Traderiffic Joes,   I use to only be exclusively yours, but your LACK of incorporating a DESCENT produce section has driven me into the arms of another store.. To make you feel better, you still have certain things only YOU can provide. Also, what you lack in produce you most certainly make up for in your wines ;)  I still love you Trader Joes, I just cannot be monogomous with you anymore because while I love your amazing products, I need good old affordable produce in my system too.
4	YES! i love this trader joe's! they always have what i want and it's easy to find. if they move something, i can ask someone who works there and they're actually nice about showing me its new locale.  love the tea tree tingle line and many other things about trader joe's.going to this trader joe's is one of the highlights of my week.the checkers are very efficient and usually very friendly as well.
5	I LOVE Trader Joe's. I don't really like the other customers since they always seem to leave their carts in the middle of the aisle so that no one else can pass.....you know who I'm talking about! BUT the staff is always awesome, and the place is immaculate. It is easy to find things (except for olives) and the food is sooooo good. I always look forward to my shopping trips:) Thanks for being Awesome Trader Joe's!
4	What can you say about Trader Joe's?  It's a great store in most ways but a lil lacking in some.  I almost always have to supplement my shopping days with a trip to another grocery store when I go here but, I still love it.  It's got the best in whole, organic foods.  I like the idea of this store and have tried many new things from their shelves.  Some of my favorites are the TJ's Greek yogurt, Puffin's Peanut Butter cereal, and their mochi ice cream!See ya there!
5	Really great groceries---healthy and organic. I love the "kitchen counter" where they give out those delicious samples for shoppers. Recently we discovered lavash bread at Trader Joe's. Usually the bread is made in HUGE sheets, and it's not feasible to buy the whole thing. But TJ's stocks lavash in usable squares. We made lavash and smoked salmon pizza, and it was delicious! I love TJ's selection of cheeses too. The location in the strip mall with other cool hangout spots makes it a great place to stop by for groceries.
5	I love TJs!  They have so many great products at fair prices (not Wal-Mart cheap, but fair and much better quality foods).  Nearly everything in the store is organic or, at least, a better choice than the usual junk you find at Safeway or Fry's.  Although I suppose it's possible, you'd have to look long and hard to find high fructose corn syrup or transfats here.  What you will find is a ton of great dry goods (TJs is my trail-mix supplier), a reliable house brand, a limited variety of affordable organic produce, great frozen goods with real ingredients rather than chemicals, tons of great snacks, protein powder, vitamins and supplements, great teas (I love their Earl Grey!), and their famous affordable wines.  You'll spend more here than you would at Wal-Mart but way less than you would at Whole Foods and you'll feel a lot better.
4	You already know how you feel about TJ's, so are you really reading reviews to see what others think?  Food voyeur that I am, I google around to see what others are recommending.  My buys:1.  Wines ... google "jasonswineblog" for his infamous TJ's Top 102.  Rittersport... dark choc w/ hazelnuts, $2/bar beats all other except sales might match3.  Rumford baking powder... alum free, why not, it can't hurt4.  Haricot vert... when Costco's fresh version is much too large in size, these are petite5.  Mozzarella balls... large or small6.  Gingerroos... I can't duplicate the deliciousness of these cookies for either taste or cost...mmmm....7.  Choc croissants... wow, really it's like having a mini bakery at home8.  Gorgonzola gnocchi... we add in our own homemade frozen pesto or shrimp and peas, it's our emergency meal9.  Wild Mushroom and Truffle Pizza... buy this in bulkI suspect many shop here b/c they like the TJ's feel of semi-exclusitivity or belonging to some insiders club.. I've found my share of loser products here, but admit it, there is a few items you just love to get here too.  It's no (public) secret they are owned by a German corp (http://money.cnn.com/2010/08/20/news/companies/inside_trader_joes_full_version.fortune/)... and I've always been amused by general product recalls which also list TJ's as impacted... then it dawns here is another bulk supplier buying the same recalled nuts as Walmart and Costco, but are you blaming TJ's for finding a successful marketing niche that works.   The employees seem enthusiastic about the products they sell and contribuate to an overall warm feeling to the store... so a happy family (faceless corp or not) is just good business.
5	Trader Joe's always goes above and beyond in all of their services.  The food is fresh and delicious, the prices reasonable and the people are great.  I do agree with Xurri R. concerning their minuscule produce section, but other than that it has 99% of what I need.
4	I absolutely love Trader Joe's. I've found that not only do I end up buying better quality food, I save money as well. I would rate them a 5 if they had more organic produce.
5	Ok, so of course I want to be as granola as the next yuppie type, but I gotta be totally straight...I come to Trader Joe's for the wine. This is my stop for wine. Period. Occasionally I will be distracted by good hummus, or decently priced produce or flowers, but really, for me it's all about the fact that I can find at least half a dozen great red wines for under 6 bucks. As a daily wine person, that's huge. Also, the Big Day White with a picture of a walking pancake on it is the best white I have had in quite a while. I even bought a bottle of it for my mom, who is a white zin kinda girl and she was impressed too.
4	I'll trade you one food city for one Trader Joes... I wish it worked that way!  My only gripe with TJ's is that there isn't one in old town.   I work in Tempe, so I manage to hit this one on my way home every once in a while.  TJ's is always busy, but the service is never lacking. TJ's employees are pretty knowledgeable about their wine selection, and have helped me find some great wines for super cheap.   My favorite thing about TJ's is they have a ton of vegetarian options and a rockin selection of hummus and dips!  As much as I love TJ's, the main downfall is that I can't go there for all my grocery needs, their produce section and "staple" items are pretty limited.
1	Oh Trader Joes, I liked you and you spit in my face. I can't even begin to describe to you how upset I am at this company. I am a vegetarian, who even when I ate meat, hated fish. I purchased edamame from here and I can't even tell you how bad the stench of rotting fish was. After closely examining more of their products I have at home ranging from hummus to frozen veggies I saw an allergy disclosure that the products may be processed where they also process nuts, fish, and shellfish? What, how weird...I'm used to seeing the nuts but fish? And the fact that my soybeans smelled so bad, my boyfriend confirmed, can only mean that there was cross-contamination of their products. OMG! I am so mortified to eat from here. I immediately sent a concerned email to them through their main site hoping to get an apology or explanation like a possible issue of this in a plant and something along the lines of you are an appreciated customer...blablabla. Nope...took days and days for a response. No opener...just went straight into some corporate bologna about the product disclosure. No apology, just a cold slap in the face basically telling me to F off. I have never been so mad...especially since this was from the main office. I wrote them again after the awful response and don't expect to hear back. I hope someone from Trader Joe's reads this and knows that this is why you get a star (I wish I could give you none) and why you have lost my business. Oh and why would you market products to vegetarians if your vegetables are processed with FISH! Uh! OMG! So upset!
5	My love affair with Trader Joe's started when I was 8. My mom would take me to this small, but packed to the ceiling store that was full of fun snacks and food, i loved it! Now I take my son here and he loves all of the organic and healthy snacks that Trader Joe's has to offer. I am also a HUGE fan of their freezer section, you can get everything you need for a tasty and cheap dinner, so those nights you don't feel like cooking the frozen food is a god send. Their pot stickers are some of my families favorites, pair that with the vegetable fried rice and orange chicken.. you have yourself a meal in under 20 minutes, and there are no preservatives or weird ingredients! I will continue to shop here for my hippie loving food, we are loyal customers and so glad there is a Trader Joe's in our city :)
5	When I used to live nearby I would visit here quite frequently.  I like the beer selection and some of the novelty desserts.  I prefer trader joe's to all grocery stores, although it can get expensive.  I was happy to live so close to this one.
5	Is there really anything that can be complained about when it comes to TJ's?!? Favorite place to shop, hands down.  As if the items they carried weren't enough to keep me coming back, the staff is the topping on the cake!  Always friendly, helpful and willing to do what it takes to make customers happy.  I love you TJ's!
5	WHY, WHY, WHY TRADER JOE'S?! WHY ARE YOU SO PERFECT IN EVERY WAY? 99l9% of everything that you guys sell is perfect from start to finish. And the ONE thing I've purchased there in the last ten years that wasn't to my liking? You gave me a NO QUESTIONS ASKED refund, without me returning the product OR a receipt. If the world was more like Trader Joe's we would all be much better off.  The one on McClintock & Guadalupe in Mesa - I have to say - is the best in all of Arizona!
5	What you have come to expect of Trader Joe's in terms of quality, service and experience, you will find at this one.  Employees eager to help you if you need help, simple store layout, great bargains on certain things that i go there specifically to buy.  Like another, I do go there to get the wines.  I also usually pick up some cheese and always am looking in their frozen food aisle for something that might make a good snack.  I have never had a problem with this store and have been going there since it opened a long time ago.
4	I love TJ's, but something I'm always there for is out of stock.  Get a decent inventory contol system and you'll be  a 5 star.
5	Cannot recommend TJ's enough. Also, if you are looking for a good salsa, Trader Joe's chipotle brand is absolutely the BEST salsa I've ever had. Perfect sugar/acid ratio, actual REAL chipotle peppers (some companies just add smoke flavoring), not too hot, not too mild, just absolutely fantastic. I can't buy any other salsa now. $2.50 a jar too, so cheap!
1	Usually sing praises for this place... but, bought our Thanksgiving Turkey here. One of the "All Natural, Kosher" ones (Trader Joes own)... Never again!!!      Thawed it overnight in it's wrapper, to find I would have to spend an hour plucking about a cup full of quill remnants out of it, the belly skin was torn halfway up the breast and the neck looked like it had been torn off by a rabid dog...      Oh, and the Giblets NONE, just a chunk of the neck they'd retrieved from the aforementioned dog.       Dealing with it and a highly irate chef about trashed ThxGvng for me... Did salvage our attitude because it WAS Thanksgiving after all...
5	I'm guessing you either love Trader's, or, you don't. I. DO. They have a variety of quality productss to chose from... I have a few dietary restrictions, so, I actually get most of my food here. They have many gluten-free products, and I love their selection of goat cheeses. Here are a few life changing products: Aioli Garlic Mustard Sauce, Goat Cheese log with blueberries and vanilla, goat brie, Chariot Red Wine, bruschetta topping, and their gluten free muilti seed rice bread.Oh, and my cat LOVES the double wide scratcher I got there for 7 bucks. Thank you Trader's, I will always be a fan!
4	I've been shopping here for years & love it. The daily samples are fun, delicious and creative. Staff members are quirky (in a good way), interactive, and helpful. Con: Parking can get rather crazy at times, but  we live nearby so usually just walk over (how lucky, huh?!) If you shop first thing in the morning or later at night, you'll have more elbow room in the aisles.
1	I asked a tie-dye clad clerk if they carried trash bags and he blinked hard several times as if squeezing out brain nuggets, then looked around and pointed to a trash bin next to the dairy case. I shook my head and said, "No, I mean, like, to purchase... for your home, kitchen."He looked again at the bin and then lifted his hand half way to point to another receptacle a few feet away, stopped then replied, "Well, we have some in the back, but I don't think they're for sale."
4	This is a great place to get fresh, organic, and other unique food products. Some of my favorites are nuts, berries, and the rare dark chocolate covered snacks, which make a great trail mix. This also the only place I have found chocalate mochi ice cream, including stops at several Asian markets. It is usually not too busy, but it can be. There are lots of open registers, so checking out is very fast and easy. Sometimes there are food samples available in the store. The prices can be high, but you're usually buying things you can't find anywhere else.
4	I really like Trader Joe's. It has a lot of items that would ordinarily be really pricey elsewhere ie flowers, soy ice cream, cheese, wine and gluten free items. Its not really ideal for those that  like to make a lot of things from scratch as its more of a specialty retailer. I would say its a pretty good place to go for those who don't really like or don't have time to cook, are single, or want the finer things in life for dirt cheap. I'm sold.
5	I love trader joes. This one is prob my favorite location! People are friendly and ask if you need help where as others i find everyone's too stuck up to even look up from stocking and if you ask for help its a huggge hassle for them! So i like this one, and I like how large it is! Thanks Tempe T Joes for being so awesome!
3	I hate that they don't carry good gluten free bread. I have to go to Whole Foods in town instead. Otherwise, good selection of frozen foods.
5	Love this location. Friendly staff and  It's close to hoodlums, macs, and changing hands. What more could you want?
4	For the most part, I'm a huge fan of Trader Joes. They have high quality food, at very fair prices. One of my favorite things is that all of their food is non-gmo (impossible to find anywhere else), doesn't have added hormones and as few preservatives as possible. My only wish is that would stop using canola oil in their products. This particular store is pretty good, most of the employees are great.
4	Good service; good product.I like their bread, "whole Wheat Tuscan Pane".chewy; no preservatives; under $3.Their price is better than any other health food store like "Whole Foods".
4	I love Trader Joe's. Their customer service is fantastic and while they don't have the broadest range of options, the products they do offer are practical, delicious and affordable. The produce is yummy and their frozen food choices are creative, easy and tasty. This store is in a great location and I love shopping here!
4	Love TJ's bacon ends and pieces! Yummy and reasonably priced. Their dried pineapple rings and dried mango make tasty teething treats for my 6 month old. :) Wish it was within walking distance though.
5	Oh how I love this store.  Can't wait till it comes to Denver.  Always have to make a stop when I am visiting. My trips would not be the same if I didn't get wine, ginger snaps, seaweed and candy of some sort.  This time I bought cookie dough spread.  I was so exited to bring the jar home and try it out on bread, apples or just out of the jar.Oh wait TSA confiscated it on my return to Denver.  I was so bummed and still am.  I asked why and the guy said it was a liquid.  Really.  I left my coconut water at my sons because that is liquid.  How is this spread liquid?  Please tell me.
3	This is a good market.  They are not very big, so selection is not huge.  But the produce seems fresh, and sometimes they have unusual items.  They also have a variety of prepared foods (from hummus to breaded tilapia fillets).They are a bit pricey, and I wouldn't do all my shopping here.  But for some specialty items (like their hummus) this is the place to come.
5	HELLS YEAH! I'll never eat people again! this place is great. It almost makes me want to give up destroying cities. almost. GRACIE O needs to lighten up. Honey, life is to short to get mad over this kind of thing! RAWR! RAWR! rawr (whispered).
5	Friendly, helpful staff... The people who work here actually know where things are (in contrast with big grocery stores, you can be sent on a wild goose chase!!). Love the fruits&veggies-- always fresh. Only place I'll buy meat and they have a good selection. Look through the different dips/salsas/hummus that they have... Big selection and tasty options. You can find unusual things here (one of my favs is the COOKIE BUTTER, yup... Like a peanut butter substance, but absolutely delicious taste of gingerbread!!!). Love the wine and beer selection and all their unusual desserts and snacks they carry!
5	Recently made some lifestyle changes and one was to shop simpler, so I returned to shopping at Trader Joe's rather than the bigger box less healthy options nearby. My 7 year old loves this place because they have shopping carts that are her size so she feels like this company cares about kids, too. We tend to go on Sundays and it's always packed then but it's our fault for choosing that day of the week. Any other day, and I know it's easy to get around. The nice cut fresh flowers by the door just welcome you to enter the store.The produce is perfect and upfront when you come in prior to entering the deli areas. We love the buy the premade salads and lunches but sometimes if you don't eat them right away, the lettuce gets weird. Just watch the date they put on stuff since it's so fresh. They always have samples in the back corner, including, typically, coffee, juices, some meat, and some times cheese of fruits. One time recently they were closing up one on of the sample stands that had a bunch of grapes on it, so they just gave it to my kid to eat. She loved it. Pushed her cart around and ate grapes. I think there hamburger could be cheaper but the chicken prices look good. The dairy selection is perfect and they have a kick butt selection of wine and great beers. Typically someone is also sampling wines for the adults to try, too. Twice now my child has interacted with Samuel, an employee, who first gave her grapes and then sold her some fruit bars on her second visit. He rocks and is very good with his customers. The one lady who runs around with the Peacemakers tattoo seems to have been there forever and knows everything you want to know, and Ron is very friendly too, up selling us on their organic lemonade last weekend. I've tried Sprouts (not frenetic). I've tried Whole Foods (too damn expensive). We love our Trader Joe's though and will keep shopping here.
1	Wish I could give it NO stars.My mother's dragged me in to this place many times as she likes to shop here.  I always felt like no matter where I was, what I was doing, people were flying at me like I wasn't there - NO respect for personal space.  I could be picking out tomatoes or browsing the cheeses and I would LITERALLY pushed out of the way by some stinky hippy.  The last time I shopped there was the LAST STRAW.  My mother had BEGGED me to pick up an exclusively Trader Joe's item for a dinner party she was having.  TJ's is very close to my house.  I reluctantly agreed.  Since I knew exactly what she needed, I told my husband to drop my fat, sweaty, pregnant ass off in the front and I'd hobble in there to get the 2-3 items my dear mummy wanted.  Again with the people rushing at me.  Oy vey!!!  I'm standing in a line that had 3-4 people in it holding my items, sweat dripping off my brow and my 9 month pregnant belly growing by the minute.  The young man in the checkout line next to me says "Excuse me ma'am, I can take you here".  I smiled and as I was hobbling over there, some ASSHOLE rushed up to the checkout counter and dumped all his organic crap on the conveyor.  The clerk SAID AND DID nothing. I said "Uh EXCUSE me?  He asked ME to come over."  Both ignored me.  I dropped my three items on the ground (two of which were in glass jars that shattered) and said "FUCK YOU, FUCK THIS PLACE, I'M NEVER SHOPPING HERE AGAIN" and walked out.  And that was the last time Trader Joe's got any of my money.
4	OK this place is a nice little grocery store. They do even have the cute little shopping carts for the kiddies.The fruit selection is horrible though, the strawberries have some red ones on top and then if you flip the package over they are all white ,not even pink.Red raspberries were all smashed up in the container.So not the place to buy fruit. I did buy Black berries because, I needed them and I did not want to go to another store. But, they really had no flavor. I do not know what causes that, they looked ripe.Other than fruit you can get some nice things there. They staff is nice. However, I brought my own bag and did not get any $$ off my bill or even a raffle ticket. I used to get one when I brought my own bag to the one in PHX.I think the worst thing is the Double tax in Tempe grocery stores. I know this is not the fault of the store. But, it is a lot of money and I do not like it. Which makes me not want to shop in Tempe. Parking is limited in this lot as it is a very busy place.
4	A well-stocked Trader Joe's that carries fresh and tasty produce, ready-to-eat, boxed, dairy, and freezer foods.  You can always find something good to stock your fridge or pantry with here.  They also have great deals on wine.  Service has always been cheerful and friendly here.  This location is a little small for the volume of customers that are usually here though, as I usually have to crowd dodge and cart dodge to get to a certain item I want.
5	There are a lot of good reviews here so not much to be said except that it's probably our favorite store. My wife is very picky about food quality and always looking for the organic option (or at least pesticide free). to quote Sue C  "The quality of products is excellent. The prices are fair. The store is clean and the employees are friendly and helpful. The store is compact which makes it easy to navigate, but also causes it to become overly crowded at peak shopping times."   - is a good summary.We did notice that on our trips to California - the stores there seem to have a better selection of items. e.g. They have a better selection of hard ciders (Strongbow or Mangers). Never seen them in the Tempe store. We talked to one of the guys who works there about it and he mentioned the same thing - he would see certain products only available for Ca or Tucson stores...  Anyways - still a great store
5	I've always enjoyed my trips to TJ's. The fearless flyer, the seasonal products, the whimsical packaging, and the typical TJ's sense of ease and humor always put me in a good place after a long day at work. I've developed a habit of picking up a few items that I couldn't even imagine would exist to try at home. Sometimes I was underwhelmed, other times, I was seriously wowed. Among my TJs favorites are: mini dark chocolate bars, soft-baked snicker doodles, frozen Indian entrees, triple ginger cookies, whole wheat naan bread, frozen macaroons, soy milk, multigrain crackers, juices, and various beauty products (!). TJ never fails to put a smile on my face. I'm starting to follow the blog "What's Good at Trader Joe's?" and sending friends care packages of TJ's products. There's a lot of myth surrounding where are TJ's sources from. I'm not that much of a source police, but I rarely find products there with a long, complicated, and undecipherable list of ingredients that kept me on my toes. When the husband starts to make some dietary changes (go gluten-free and veggie-rich), we have found TJ's a good place to start because healthy food here doesn't taste gruesome and overly wholesome. With TJ's fantastic selection of healthy delicious choices, I've grown to experiment with bolder concepts and simpler ingredients. Gotta love my TJ's in my neighborhood!
5	I am so sad I no longer live close to a Trader Joe's. The ready to eat meals are awesome and always fresh. The staff is so friendly and helpful.
4	So I was running some errands when I came home from work yesterday.I stopped at TJ's since I had not been there in a while.Nice and cool inside but, not freezing. I was looking for Chocolate Cheese that they had at Christmas time. I couldn't find it so,I asked.Sorry it is just a seasonal thing. However, I did find Cheddar Cheese from New Zealand. A major find.  Not as good as the New Zealand Tasty Cheese,but still good and very pure. From grass feed cows. No GMO or antibiotics and other hormones in NZ cattle. Just saying.I found a few nice little items as well as their rosemary crackers, which I think are some of the best you can get. Wonderful staff as always. It is a lot of fun to shop here.
5	Weekly I stop by Trader Joe's and it comes to mind when I think of a good piece of baguette bread.  Their Garlic & Thyme bread has my name on it...I usually put it in the oven until it's crispy then spread my cream cheese over it or Trader Joe's garlic butter. At least 3 times a week I am strolling their store for either my polenta or garlic bread, kale or turkey meatballs. I keep telling myself to stop shopping but I go for quality when it comes to my food and that's the best quality so far especially if you are into organic or good quality.
5	What a great store!  Sure it's small and the aisles sometimes get packed with customers and their little people pushing their little people carts, but this is a small price to pay for what a grocery store SHOULD be.  The staff are incredibly nice and helpful and the store is neat and cute as a button with samples abounding.  The prices for things like alcohol, cheeses, sauces, flatbreads and pitas, artichoke hearts  and tortellini are fantastic!  It's a nice change from the big chain grocer.  I love it!
4	I love how my son actually enjoys shopping with me, but ONLY when I take him to Trader Joes because they have shopping carts for kdis. It's a great way to get my 5yr old involved while taking care of important groceries. He gets to push his cart and pick some of his food (which is great fo when he has his "picky" moments). Everyone is super nice and their frozen foods are delicious. I wish they had more vegetable choices available. That's my only qualm. I just like to juice my veggies sometimes and they don't always have what I am looking for.
4	I hit this place on my way home from Yoga a few times a week... the things that stand out about this location are:- staff is *super* friendly and helpful - the kind I'm not used to seeing at a grocery storeThe stuff that is general about all TJs is that I also like their TJ-branded products: frozen calamari, breads, cereals, trail mixes, etc.  I wouldn't stop shopping at my other go-to spots, but for quick on-the-go pickups for last minute things I need before heading home from Yoga, it's pretty good: good variation in selection, competitive prices, convenient packaging, quick shopping... friendly staff.
5	I love this store! The employees are so friendly and the food is awesome! I can always find what I need and the employees always suggest different things to make with the food they sell. It's definitely my favorite grocery store.
5	Love this place! Always get cheap wine and other unique foods from here. A hidden gem. Gets addictive quickly!
4	I love TJ's. It where I pick up my quickie food items. You the stuff you make after a long day at work. The nice thing is it tastes great and I can make it in less then 10 minutes. I also get my sweet treats here. mmmStaff has always been really helpful and quick. They will actually add a person to checkout if it gets busy.I have to say I'm not a big fan of sample areas in grocery stores. At least this one has it out of the way and your not stuck people waiting.
5	Every single time I go here they are awesome. They ask to help and go out of their way. Its unreal. And the prices on a lot of items are cheaper.
5	Love Trader Joe's.  Love this location - friendly, helpful staff and the store is always clean and well-stocked.  Was there yesterday, and met Greg, stocking wine.  Had a few questions about wines and he stopped and took time to show me some wines and talk about their characteristics. Very knowledgeable and helpful. Isn't that all that we want from a retailer? I bought six bottles.  Trader Joe's selection of organics is good, and seems to get better.  A trip to TJ's is always a treat!  Thank you, TJ's on McClintock for all you do and for GREG - the wine maven!
4	Love Trader Joes, always like to try samples, have gotten some great new ideas and recipes.  Staff always super friendly and helpful. Parking can get kinda full, but never far. Good selection always very fresh. Some great vegetarian selections and food ready to eat. Like to get flowers or plants for gifts, they usually have a small small potted flower for under $5 and for more special flowers 10- $25. Nice pumpkins right now great price.
5	I am surprised to see that I have not yet Yelped this TJ's.This is quite close to me and I have been going here for years.I always love it . It is clean,and well laid out. They are always there to help you find what you are looking for. Fruit is great, although sometimes you cannot always get what you want. I think they go more for what is in season. You cannot complain about that.I have tried a many item here. Some are amazily fantastic. Like the Italian finger cookies we got there once. That is the best Finger cookies that I have ever found in the Valley.I even got some the last time I was in San Diego, they could not compare.My sister even shops here all the time.They seem to always have some type of sample for something going on most days.Parking can be tricky, so you have to watch the cars around you when pulling out.Store is clean and well stocked.But, as I have been told, read the labels.
5	Trader Joe's is my favorite grocery store.  I won't shop at any of the large chain grocery stores for my regular groceries.  Trader Joe's has the small local feel to it.  They have a great assortment of prepared foods, ready to make foods and just your everyday staples.  They are competetively priced.  Many people think it's priced higher when you get the same things for the same price of less then the major chain grocery stores.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  They have philosophy to try it and if you don't like it bring it back and they will refund you, you money.  And did I mention that you NEED to try the cookie butter....
4	My favorite go to place for interesting things and good produce at very reasonable prices. Check out the Winter Blend Coffee...amazing!
4	Everybody talks about how healthy this place is but every time I am here I end up filling up my cart with junk food. Ok, I guess I'll say snack food; since it's made with real ingredients and not a bunch of chemicals it isn't really junk. And who cares because I love it! Wasabi peanuts, sesame seed covered almonds, peppermint chocolate bark, dark chocolate coated dried cherries. Yum, yum, yum!!! And I am totally addicted to those weird colored tortilla chips that are apparently made from vegetables. If I eat those with some spinach dip does that count as eating my veggies? I say yes. They also carry about every kind of cheese you could want and the more exotic varieties are much cheaper than they are in other stores. Ditto for the wine. Basically, this is the store I come to when I am throwing a party at my house. Wanna come?
3	In my opinion Trader Joe's is only good for hummus (their store brand hummus is better than any other hummus I've ever bought at any grocery store) and their frozen food section (because they carry a lot of stuff other grocery stores don't carry).  Oh and I like their boxed whipping cream that doesn't go bad quickly so you can keep on hand in your pantry for whenever you want to bake.  Their produce and other items are overpriced.  Pastries are just okay.  I don't really care for their "healthy" version of chips and cookies and such.So, because I only go there for a few items, I usually only shop here 4-5 times a year.
4	The cashier was beyond rude, but this store had stocked some of my favorite things that the store closest to me was always out of.
4	Love this location, the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and I am always very pleasantly surprised at my total when I'm being rung up.The only negative is that they cut it really really close with their expiration dates.  I can see the value in not throwing away food, but no one wants something that expires that day or the next day, especially when I'm shopping for the week.  I've even found things that have already expired on the shelves. I try to shop on Mondays or Tuesdays because that's when they seem to refresh their stocks but they could really work on not having expired/close to expired food on the shelves.Overall though, great store!
5	My family and I are obsessed with Trader Joe's, we go there way more than we should haha. Creative and some basic groceries for a good price overall. And their chocolate and desserts are such good quality and so delicious. Awesome customer service, very friendly amd knowledgeable workers too. I can't talk highly enough of TJ's!
5	I love Trader Joe's.  We need one in south Chandler.  I make the not-too-far trek about once a month or so and load up on greens, avocados, canned artichokes (I put those in everything), some cheap wine, and whatever else catches my eye.  This store is also in a great plaza with Changing Hands bookstore, Wildflower bakery, a Walgreens, and Mac's Broiler & Tap, to name a few.  I'm not sure how I feel about the kiddie carts.  On the one hand I believe in putting kids to work and if they can schlep some groceries around the store, then great, there's more room for wine in mommy's cart, but on the other hand, they are usually in the way.  Of everybody.  This morning there was a mother and daughter, probably 4 yrs old, and that little girl was practicing to be Danica Patrick.  It's not safe at all.  I heard the mom say that kid's name about 500 times.  Honey, I'm pretty sure the kid tuned you out after about #6.  As my mother would say, "Crimeny!"  She would also say some other things that would keep us from running around the store like wild animals.  Ah the times have changed.  Anyway, this store always has what I'm looking for and then some, and the employees are top notch.  Always smiling, friendly, and helpful, as they should be.  For me, it's worth the drive and dodging the kiddie carts.
5	Still shopping the Guadelupe & McClintock Joe's, and have added some staples:Nuts when good priceOmega three trail mixMixed greens in a bagSoy milkCranberry & tart cherry juicesLe Authentiq red table wine72% lb plus - prefer the cacao powder additive vs already plenteous fats of liquor.A+
5	This is my favorite Trader Joe's.  I haven't been here too much lately because my budget for food spending and overall has tightened and it is far from where I live, but when I can, I shop here.I love that the employees are like family to me.  I've gotten to know a number of the people and they are 100% all the time friendly, helpful.  KC is my favorite, but there are many.Prices are good, but they can't compete with the stores that have really good sales.  I wished they had a Trader Joe's out where I live, but this one is nearly 20 miles and just too far.I have nothing bad to say about this place, but that's it's completely awesome!!!
5	Okay, first off, I just love Trader Joe's period - it truly is, gourmet on the cheap, but this one is in an especially good location - the shopping center has an indie bookstore (changing hands), a great bakery and breakfast lunch place connected to the bookstore (Wildflower Bakery) and now it has a place that does wood fired pizza. The best part of Trader Joe's is there is always something new and the house beer, even the lager in a can, because this company is owned by a private German firm, is wonderful - craft brew quality at about a third of the price - check it out!
4	TJ's is one of three stores that I frequent for my groceries because: cheap bananas. Well, really it is for cheap wine, bread, cheese, flowers, and I could go on and on. Service has always been really helpful but most importantly are the free samples! Bonus that it is right next to Trading Hands Bookstore. Google top wines from here and pick out some, most have been pretty good.
5	Trader Joe's started off as a place I went after lunch at wildflower or Pei Wei, for specialty or hard to find items, but that quickly changed into a must stop every couple weeks. They have really good cheap wine, and the produce is super fresh. Reduced guilt chunky guacamole is pure amaze balls! Being from The cheese state, I can definitely taste quality when it comes to cheese, and trader Joe's has exceptional quality with so many varieties, I still haven't tried them all but working on it! They don't have sales, but they don't have to, the prices are great, and the staff are very upbeat and friendly. They also stopped carding me after being there once or twice, so it's great that they recognize regulars:) P.S. Try the cookie butter!! Nom nom!!!! :)
4	Polite staff and well stocked store. I only wish they had a better parking lot.
5	By far my favorite Trader Joe's. The layout is great. Very easy to navigate. The staff is friendly without it being annoying. Yummy samples, super fresh produce and fast checkouts. The only down side is the parking lot is always crazy busy. I've never seen it empty ever. I suppose that is a great sign though that they won't have to worry ever about staying in business.
5	So I just moved back to tempe a few months ago and am lucky enough to live close this trader joe's! It's a great supermarket. There is such a great selection of fruits, fresh veggies, and meats. Also they have a wide collection of real juices that make it so much fun to shop. Deg recommend shopping here to all my #yelpers!
5	Favorite grocery store for healthy, inexpensive, non gmo food with the option to buy organic.Very affordable for quality! Makes shopping and meal prepping/planning fun and creative.They are always offering the best food in season to put you in the spirit..Easy labels let you know what is Vegan, Vegetarian, Gluten free etc..Love Trader Joes and support them tremendously!
2	Needs help in all refrigeration containers; the refrigerated products are not as fresh or last as long as other store locations.
5	I absolutely love this store! One of my fav places to shop. They have a great frozen foods section- I bought their "Kale, Sweet Potato and Butternut Squash Pizza" and it is to DIE FOR. I might have to stock up as I think it's seasonal.Whenever I go in, they always have samples. Today I got pumpkin spice coffee and pecan ice cream which I thought was amazing.The prices are reasonable, employees are on point.
5	My favorite grocery store!
