1	Other than the staff (see below), the club pretty much sucked -- at least on this past Saturday night. But if you're a girl and have major daddy issues (i.e. into much older guys), then you might like this club. Likewise, if you're a guy and a chubby chaser, then you might like this club. Almost every guy there was either creepy or a card-carrying AARP member. And the girls that night -- average weight was probably 180 at 5'2" (you do the math). The DJ was horrible - I could have done a better job with my Itunes and even then my beats would have matched. I think he was going for the world record on how many songs he can fit in an hour. The only saving grace was the staff -- the door guys, bartenders, and security were all nice. All in all - save your money and gamble instead so that you can make a donation to The Mirage in hopes of getting a better club.
4	I actually think this nightclub has some potential on their hands.  My friends and I arrived on the early side as the space was pretty open.  We got in for free and we were given 3 free drink tickets.  The bartender was nice, but majority of the security guards on the floor weren't... I know they were just doing their job, but when a club is completely empty, there's not reason to tell someone to keep moving when there's no one behind them or in front.  There was almost no where we were able to stand, yet the club wasn't even crowded yet.  The dance floor looked like a good size & I liked the lights.  We didn't stay long as we were headed for Surrender.  I wouldn't mind coming back since Laidback Luke will be making an appearance on the 13th!
4	I can't really picture much that's different about 1OAK from Jet, but I was only at each club one time, so maybe I'm missing something.  It's a decent club, and the door staff was pretty friendly (most of the time) on a Friday night that saw Adam Levine perform.  Drinks are RIDICULOUS price-wise but hey, it's a Vegas club.  This place is the Crowne Plaza of clubs... more than a 3* but not quite a 4*.  OK, I'll round up.
4	If you can't make it out to New York City for the infamous 1OAK (1 Of A Kind)  in Chelsea, you can get a taste of it here in Las Vegas.  And if you don't want to get stuck waiting outside the doors, make a reservation.  Yea....it's like that.  1OAK redefines luxury and bottle service.  Plush oversized velvet booths, brand spanking new,  so get here before the Vegas seeps into the fabric. Plenty of room, so you're not jammed in with the crowds. Strawberries and chocolate served with bottle service.  Booths directly behind the DJ, so you can see the DJ booth and the crowd rocking below.  Came here for Laidback Luke, what a blast!  And the best thing?  Or at least the thing that made me laugh?  You know when someone orders a bottle of champagne in Vegas, they have sparklers and bunch of girls walk through to the table?  Well this one, is str8 NYC.  Is it a  bong? A large smoking candle?  A glass crack pipe?   What on earth is that?   Check out my picture and you be the judge.
5	As my 7 girls and I made our way to the club on the trolley (whatever you call it) from T.I., there were these 2 men who took pics for us while being transported to our destination.  When we were done taking pics, they wanted a picture w/ us.  After they were done, another woman asked to get a picture too so she can send it to her husband.  It was funny.  Anyway, when we arrived we met up with our promoter.  The hotel was so beautiful.  I heard people saying how they did a nice job remodeling.  I've never been there so I can't compare.When we got to the front of the line, we were were offered a table (temporary) for the night with bottles.  We were stoked.  The DJ that night was good; good music all night.  As we hung out, the place was still kind of empty.  There was a bachelorette on the floor dancing with her small group of friends, but it didn't look fun.  My friends and I wanted to start having fun so we started dancing in our section.  Some of us kicked off our heels.  We were told to keep them on.  Boo...FYI - The bouncers seemed to be major dlcks.About an hour or so later, we were moved to a different table, next to a table with older men.  We were all wondering what they were celebrating.Moments later, a friendly protographer came by and wanted to take pics of us in different numbers (ie. 2 ppl, 3 ppl, a group as a whole etc) and she said not all the pics would be posted on the website, just some.  She said she'd email the ones that weren't posted to one of the girls.  Didn't receive them yet, wondering if they will ever be sent.During the night, some of the girls wanted to leave.  We all walked out but all came back in b/c half of us wanted to stay.  The crowd was alright.  We went to the dance floor and hung out there and then at a table of girls.  We partied throughout the night til our feet started to hurt and called it a night.
5	It's freaking snowing in there! Seriously, instead of just confetti falling from the ceiling, this place has snow flakes that fall on the dance floor. It was quite the surprise the first time it happened, and also rather refreshing.I'd never been to Jet so I can't make the same comparison as some of these yelpers. However, I disagree with the low ratings, I loved this place. The set-up was cool with the bars on the outside, then the tables, with the dance floor smack in the middle. The dance scene was legit. Plus when I heard Kanye had DJ-ed there when it opened on NYE, I was completely sold.Guys, be smart. First, get at least a 1:1 ratio with girls before you try to go in. Also, if you're really smart, you'll stop by there with a couple of them during the afternoon and you can get line skipping passes and half off admission tickets.
3	Pretty much had my fill of this club already, considering that I went here 2 nights in a row. First night was the Beats by Dre event with a set by Laidback Luke. One thing I haven't yet witnessed until now was a popular EDM DJ doing their thing. Had a ton of fun that night. Next night was for an appearance by Adam Levine. Actually left before he even came because my friends and I were already over it. I did like being able to get free drink tickets and sit in on some nice guys' bottle service the 1st night. And their hip-hop room is pretty good too. I'd have to space out my time with returning in order to not get bored.
1	Terrible staff, especially Casey a promoter. We told him we wanted on the guest list, no on a table. Why would we spend at least a grand for cobra starship. Anyway he says it's fine come on down. We arrive, he puts us in a line. 15 mins later he pushes us to get a table.  I'm not sure if he understands English or not but how much clearer do we have to be. He also talks about how much better 1oak is now that they got rid of ghetto elements, I'm assuming he meant blacks and minorities. We got tired of his bullshit and left the line to go waste our money at another establishment. Funny how when we left the line the people behind us went right in, a bunch of white guys and fat white girls (not that I have anything against white folks).  Seriously the club is in the middle of an aging hotel with a bunch of 50+ old people in line. They should be begging us poor minorities to use our fresh platinum cards at their club.
3	I went to 1OAK for a special invite a few days prior to its opening. 1OAK replaced JET in the same location inside the Mirage. They've renovated the space to have the dance floor and DJ in the center of the club with tables surrounding the dance floor that elevate higher as they get further away from the dance floor. The decor inside with the various art pieces gives it a more upscale and exotic feel. My party had 2 tables in a nice area separated by a catwalk one level up from the dance floor. It was a roomy spot to dance with your own friends without being overwhelmed by the crowd on the dance floor. Bottle service was flawless; the ladies had great attitudes and constantly checked to make sure our mixers and ice were refreshed without us ever asking!Music selection ranged from top 40s to house mixes and a few old school hip hop hits at the end.Overall, nothing too unique about this club. Not the best, but not bad either.
2	A friend and I came here on the official grand opening night. We were able to get in with a VIP pass we received from a promoter. We only spent about an hour and a half inside and must have walked out of the club 3 times. When we tried to get back in, the guy who runs the head of the security, Parker-- said we were rude to staff and could not get back in. I thought that was rude of him given the fact that we did not talk to any staff. I think they were being picky on who to let in because there were celebrities there that night. Who knows. I liked it better when it was Jet. I think they need to do more promoting and work on their security to pin point who should be there and who should not, because they definitely had the wrong girl. I wouldn't party here again. It's small and not packed at all which was no fun.
1	DJ = 3 starBartenders = 3 starDrinks = 2 starPrice = 0 starPeople = 1 star1st time at this establishment. I enjoyed the music and the staff was actually very welcoming and understanding. Oddly though the bartenders were awesome, but the price for drinks were outrageous. 2 white russians 30 some bucks?!?! I know im in vegas, but come on guys that is simply uncalled for.Oh and guys the females there are just like the rest of vegas. Fake and dumb. Over all if you want a shallow obvious vegas night and have alot of $$$ to spend. This place is it
4	This is another newer, more well- designed club on the strip that I like.  Drinks were expensive, but the cover was free so we expected that.  It's in the mirage, which is an awesome hotel in what I think is the best location on the strip.  The clientele is pretty douchey.  That's my biggest complaint. I doubt it's like that every night. It's easy to get a drink and to move around the club, which is a welcome change from places like pure.
5	Received VIP passes from a promoter. When we got there, Chanel from fantasy factory was performing. Later P. DIddy, Common and Lenny Kravitz stepped in the building and all performed a song. They even had snow flakes falling from the roof. It was a great night. Most definitely one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Drinks are a little pricey but that is Vegas for you. If you like hip hop music, this is definitely the place for you.
4	Let's face it, as a dude partying in Vegas you are 1) going to pay way more than you expect 2) get hassled by DB bouncers with bad hairlines 3) get harassed by said bouncers into bottle service 4) mostly ignored by bartenders and 5) mostly ignored by females who are not impressed with your bottle service, premium jeans or patent leather kicks.  It comes with the territory fellas, stop whining.This all being said, Jet and now 1 Oak is pretty great place to party.   Big enough to actually walk around without getting your arse grabbed, different dance areas playing top-40 and house music.   DJ on center stage, fake snow, and celeb cameos.  As Frankie A. mentioned, stopped by this past Saturday night and P Diddy, Common, Lenny Kravitz, Robin Thicke, and some others were performing for the new owner.   Brag.     Only neg was the ratio, where tons of random dudes were swarming our girls.    But even those droves of sweaty dudes couldn't ruin a fun night.
1	The staff was RUDE!  I understand that Saturday nights are busy, but that was no excuse for how they treated my family. I was in with my mother and her friend in order to help my mother's goddaughter celebrate her birthday. Someone knocked my mother's friend's drink all over her, and, being classy, she didn't cause a scene. The staff member came over, yelled at my MOM for causing a mess, and proceeded to push her around by driving the mop right up to her feet. This was after several rude interactions we had, and it was the final straw for me. I will never go back. There are too many other options in Vegas, and quite frankly, the club right across the hallway in the Mirage was more fun and had staff who were less impressed with themselves.
1	We attempted to go here for the Bruno Mars event on March 13th via a hookup of a bartender that works there.  Arrived to find a hotmess of a line. Nobody - hosts or bouncers had answers of where we needed to be. After an hour of waiting in a line that didn't move we left to visit Moon at The Palms.For a company that's coming from NYC - you would think they'd know how to run a line.  Personally, unless I had a gaurentee of a better experience I'd skip this bar and visit their location in NYC to see how it compares. The next time I'm in Vegas I'll be heading to TAO, Marquee, or Ghostbar instead.
1	This place should be shut down for bad business practice! My brother got vip for all in our party, which was 8 people. We get there, stand in the vip line and then once we pass that hell get to another line where they let the ladies in our party in first and then close the gate as soon as the men in our party get close to the gate and ask for tickets. I say, 'what tickets?'Bouncer, 'sir, there are vip tickets you need to get it.'Me, "but my wife and all the ladys just passed in and didnt have any!'Bouncer, "silence...........'Me, "fine were do you get the vip tickets?' at which point the bouncer points to the exit, so I decided to trust this person, (such a bad idea! btw.) We end up outside and go back to the person that was helping us through the vip line and asked for the tickets so we could join our party. The person was like,( who are you?) I explain the problem and she gives us tickets and then tells us we have to wait in the normal line! I almost passed out with anger, I told her to go to hell and moved passed the vip line and when to give the bouncer the tickets, at which point the bouncer informs me that the tickets are for women only and that men have to pay $40. My mouth was like a pelicans for a min. So in a nut shell, the club was letting in the ladies and NOT telling the men of the $40 dollar cover charge until your lady is inside so you have to pay! I am so surprised that this practice is not illegal! Don't Ever Go Here!
3	It was Saturday and the girls had gone out to day drink. They met a host that said he could get us all in for free to 1OAK (5 guys/5 girls). So that is where we went.We got there around 10:30 just as we were asked to. The line? to get into the club looked absolutely ridiculous. There was no order here. Thankfully, we met up with our hook (who was also helping out 30 other people). We made our own separate line that snaked through the "mega line". As our line got closer to the door, all the guys from all the groups were stopped, so all of the girls from our groups could go in. It seemed extremely unorganized compared to just about every other club in Vegas, especially the top tier clubs. The guys had to wait for about 5 extra minutes. I thought for a little bit that we were going to get swindled, but luckily we got inside. For free. The big line had barely moved.Once inside, our girls were given 2 free drink tickets and they in turn gave one of their tickets to the guys. However, we were denied at the bar from using the tickets that were for females only apparently. So we gave the tickets back to the girls who got the drinks for us... I couldn't tell if we were outsmarting them or if they were dumber than a sack of rocks. Once I started paying for drinks, the bartenders were on point and I never waited more than 3 minutes to get a drink. I cant say the same for places like Marquee.The layout of the club is basically an average size dance floor and a couple bar areas. There is no outside, no craps table, no places to really take a break from dancing.Meanwhile, they never close off the dance floor, they just let people pile in there like a bunch of sardines. They compound this issue by having ASSHOLE bouncers guard the bottle service tables that lie on the inside of the dancefloor. When I say guard, I mean no holding back. I was literally shoved in the back by a bouncer with a giant stupid Mohawk 3 or 4 times, forcing other people to spill their drinks on me as we collided. This guy was seriously on another level when it comes to bouncers. He was pushing another guy much larger than himself, and he would have gotten his shit rocked if that guy had lost his cool. I may have left a bootprint myself if that had happened.The music was top 40 dance remixes with house drops. It was predictable, but still fun out on the dance floor. They also opened up a 2nd, smaller room that was playing hip-hop. The dance floor was much less packed.Overall this place was a good fun time, but had the potential of being an absolutely horrible night. I can only see myself going again if I can get in for free again.Hope this was helpful.
4	I didn't know what to expect at 1-OAK after reading some yelp reviews before my trip to Las Vegas this past weekend, but walked away extremely impressed after what was an extremely fun night.GETTING IN: It was my 3rd time taking a trip to Las Vegas. I was with more than 15 guys for a Bachelor party weekend. Before I get to my review, please allow me to go on a smal side rant. I see that a lot of people are complaining about being on a guestlist and not getting in for free. I have news for you and everybody else - they only speak 1 language in Vegas and that language is money. You need to pay somebody to get it.. It could be be the club in the form of a cover charge, a door guy in the form of a tip, or an affiliated business/concierge which has a relationship with the club. I'm sorry ladies but just being attractive doesn't automatically get you anything you want on the Vegas night club scene anymore. I was with 15 guys in their mid to late 20's and we all got in. How? We made party bus reservations with a company that has a relationship with 1-OAK.We arrived at approximately 11PM and were put into a small VIP line off to the side. (Not the "VIP" line that you get with free passes from a club promoter). Our group of 15+ guys (with a handful ladies in the mix now as well) was let into the club after a wait of about 5-10 minutes. Every staff member that we dealt with on the way into the club was courteous and professional. That isn't always the case but at 1-OAK it was.ATMOSPHERE: The atmosphere in the club is very energetic and upbeat. We spent some time in a smaller room in the back of the club before we made our way to the main dance floor which was the highlight of the night. The DJ was fantastic. The music selection was impeccable with a lot of Hip Hop and Top 40. Snow would fall from the ceiling every now and again which I thought would be annoying but once I saw it in person I thought it was pretty sweet. It also snowed confetti and dollar bills at different points of the night as well. The club also handed out some pretty cool foam light sticks which only added to the energy and level of fun in the club. The interior design of the club gave it a very high-end/modern feel.DRINKS: This is the one area that prevents me from giving 1-OAK 5 stars. The drinks were pricey, even for a Vegas nightclub. The bartenders didn't have a lot of personality (Definitely not 1 Of A Kind in that department) which I normally don't really care about but I was tipping $5 per drink ordered and I ordered a lot of drinks. It wouldn't have killed them to give a "thank you" or maybe even a head nod to acknowledge that I had put money on the bar. A major upside to the club is how quick you can get a drink. On a jam packed Saturday night I never waited more than 2 minutes to get a drink. That it pretty impressive.Overall this was a fantastic place to party and I would highly recommend checking it out. I plan on visiting 1-OAK again sometime soon.
4	Had a great time at 1OAK!  Showed up at 11pm and got in without waiting too long cause we were on the guestlist.  Long lines, but that's a given since it was a Saturday and St. Patrick's day.We got a bunch of free drink tickets for being girls (oh the power of being in an all girl group in Vegas.  U mad bro?) so I can't comment on drink prices.  Wow, they make their drinks strong!  The last sex on the beach put me a little over the edge (but in a good way).Someone had told me the main dance floor was too small, but I didn't think it was bad at all.  Bigger than LAVO but obviously not as big as XS, Marquee or Tao.  But that's like comparing apples to oranges.  We ended up staying mostly in the back room where they lean towards playing more Hip Hop.  The main room sticks more to top 40s.I recall people complaining about the whole free drinks for girls dealio in that it disadvantages guys who get bottle service to pick up girls.  But I actually really enjoy it because it doesn't make me feel like a bottle whore if I approach a guy at a table.  Usually I avoid this and just stick to meeting guys on the dance floor.  Got to meet some fun guys and dance a bit, so 1OAK was overall a great success for my Saturday night :D
4	I read all these horror stories about the mess of a line at this place....can you tell me of a nightclub in vegas that doesn't have a cluster**k of a line out front?   You can't compare this place to like a Marquee or an XS, the whole makeup of the club is different.  Crowd at 1OAK is older than the crowd you'll find at XS/Marquee.  The place has two rooms, a main dance floor surrounded by two levels of tables, and a smaller room with a bar and a couple of couches they call tables.  It's not a "super club" and it doesn't play house music 24/7.    Obviously you haven't hit some of  the other spots in LV if you think this place is ghetto, because it's not.  There are ALWAYS beautiful people at this spot, whether it's a friday, saturday, or even a special event sunday.Getting in is simple: if you're a girl, you stand in a line for a couple mins and you're gonna get in.  If you're a guy and  not getting a table, just like everywhere else in vegas...good luck. If you're a dude with a bunch of other dudes, get a table and everything works itself out.  you're gonna spend 40 bucks to get in and like 60 on three drinks,  so why not get a table and a sick spot. Unless you're a female, guests list don't exist!Table service is legit.  The waitresses and bouncers are always checking up on you constantly, they even walk the girls to the restroom and wait for them.  You don't find this type of service at many  clubs.  Music is the best thing about this place. Whether it's 11PM or 3:45AM in the morning, you'll dig it from start to finish if you're into top 40 and house mashes.  it's not all hip hop like lax, not all house like xs.   Even the crappy "go-home" music is still sick. At the end of the day, 1OAK may not be super exclusive like the one in NYC, but this isn't NYC...it's Vegas.  We've hit this spot up a couple times since it's open, and I'm certain we'll be hitting this place up again a couple more times this year.  We've come with all guys before, and we've come with a mix group....not once have we ever been hassled or had a bad time.  Get yourself a good host and you won't regret it.  We'll be back 1OAK!
1	I've lived in NYC and Miami and have been in nightlife industry for years. When they started locals night with Bruno Mars: they did not cater to locals even though they let anyone in no matter how trashy as aslong as they had money. I waited an hour and a half in the front of the line as told them what property I worked for and no respect.  I went to Tryst and Hyde and got VIP service even though I worked with a competing property. Despite I got in one day, they are never organized it's just a mob of people, music sucks and the venue is not impressive. You can go to any club and get wasted as say it's the best place, but there's not one yelp comment that's different here to blow my mind. Cheateau,Hyde,Tryst,XS and Tabu thank you from the locals.
1	Ugh, gross gross gross!  Unless you have bottle service, really, just skip this place.  This club was meant for people that buy bottle service.  The dance floor was the TINIEST thing I've ever seen and the place is just filled with people from bachelorette parties.  Apparently, the girl next to me didn't get the memo that we would be packed like sardines in a can.  It WAS Saturday night and it WAS a Vegas club, so I'd appreciate it if you'd stop giving me the death glare for grazing you as I'm dancing *rolls eyes*Also, I don't get why this place is called 1OAK, it's definitely not 1 of a kind, don't you guys have a club in NY...? o.O
3	$20 for a red bull vodka!!!  yeah, it's like any other club.  The first time I went here I really enjoyed it because the wait wasn't too bad and the music was great.Upon returning, the music was still good but the lines to get in were so unorganized.  The bouncers put us in a different line which ended up being the wrong line and long story short, we had to bribe someone to get in despite being on the guestlist.  Maybe that night was a bad night but I'd expect unorganized staff at some bigger club considering this place is tiny.I might return in the future but need to get this awful memory out of my head.
1	Worst club i have been to.  Overpriced...  packed with industry people who are just there promoting and trying to up your bill.  Bottles were more expensive than the nicest spots in LA or NY.  People were rude.  Dont waste your time or money. Oh and all the staff thinks they are above everyone which i!s pathetic and embarrassing ... just because you dictate where my table is doesnt mean your more than a glorified host.
2	We were on the guest list, so that was the only reason I didn't give this place 1 star.Mostly reserved tables for bottle service. That's how they make their money. A tiny dance floor.  Go Go dancers on raised platforms pole dancing were entertaining.  Another room of the club played older hip hop songs, which I preferred to dance to.We left after an hour or so.  When we were walking out, they blocked the entrance because somebody special was entering. A group of people paraded behind these pretty girls who were holding light saber-thingys. It was almost cult-like. Or like when boxers enter the ring and they make a big production. Lame.  Didn't even recognize who they were.
1	I can't even tell you what it's like inside this club because I couldn't even get in. On Friday night, I was stopped on the street before I came back into The Mirage to go back to my room & was given free VIP/ complimentary passes to go into 1 OAK for me, my sister & her friend. It was so crazy crowded in the lobby that we decided to forego 1 OAK & try again on Saturday night. Flash forward to Cinco de Mayo 2012. It is a Saturday afternoon & I'm walking back into the hotel from North Valet and am stopped by a staff member, and asked if I'd be interested on being on the staff VIP list for me and my girlfriends. I tell the girl (Jessica) that I'm up for it. After giving her my name & phone #, she tells me she will text me all the info I will need for the guest list. Great, sounds good. Oh, and btw it's free drinks for girls until midnight. Even better.I attended the Wine Spectator Grand Tour event that same evening & there was a big billboard that said "Complimentary Admission to 1 OAK with proof of attendance." Awesome. So either way, I have a way into 1 OAK. (PS I'm a hotel guest on top of it.) Now, here's where the story gets good...at around 11:15pm my sister & I walk up to the Staff Check-In/Guest List line. We tell the guy that we are on Jessica's guest list. HE TELLS US THAT WE CAN'T COME IN BECAUSE OF HOW WE ARE DRESSED. I would like to point out at this point that I am in palazzo pants, a blouse & cute blazer with Tahari ballet flats and my sister is in skinny jeans and a boobalicious blouse. I asked the guy if it was because we weren't in heels and he said that he wasn't going to waste our time because there's no way we were going to get in.I have never in my life been so offended as I was with the experience I had with the guy from 1 OAK. You have got to be kidding me. 1 OAK it is not. I've never been treated that way by its namesake in NYC. I will never in a million years go to this club in my life. You couldn't pay me after the douche-y experience I had trying to get into this place tonight. I'd rather go to Tao.
2	Only deciding to give the club 2 stars because my bf and I did the Club Hop Party Bus with Viva and this club was one that we got to go to. The club is designed really nicely and it definitely gets extremely packed. Once we got inside we walked around a bit and got onto the dance floor waiting to dance however the music that was played was mostly techno beats (not our style). After standing for about 20mins and just looking around at everyone, my feet began to hurt so I decided to take my shoes off to have them rest for maybe about 5mins, wrong thing to do bc within minutes a security guard came and told me to put them back on. There is no sitting unless you have a VIP table!!!Wish we knew about the hip-hop room that they had but didn't find that out until after the fact, however when we do return to Vegas, 1 Oak will not be a first choice to go and party.....the only reason why we might return back is just for drinks and to check out the hip-hop room.
2	Here is the post I placed on their Facebook page:Hello. I was at 1Oak on Saturday and I wanted to express the very unpleasant experience I had. I was staying at the Mirage with my girlfriend. We were walking in the lobby and and young African American male approached us and asked us if we wanted to be on the list. He said that the lady would drink free until 1am. I was also told by the concierge that I as a man, would be let in for free until Midnight. So we proceed to wait on line at 10:30. After waiting on 2 subsequent lines, I was charged twenty dollars even after presenting my room key. Then we were told to see a young lady about the free drinks. She then offered us 3 drink tickets and then 3 more if we "liked" 1oak on Facebook. I felt completely misled! My girlfriend is a heavy drinker and would have liked FREE drinks until 1am, not 3 drink tickets. This was a COMPLETE MISREPRESENTATION and I feel taken advantage of. Then to top if off, she was told at the topside bar that her tickets were no longer good after midnight. There were three other female patrons who were told the exact same thing and we all complained to the bartender as we were all told the same thing. I can tell you that after this experience I will be telling this story to everyone I know and I will be very hesitant to use any services associated with The Mirage moving forward. I will be copying and pasting this to the management of the hotel as well. Thank you.
5	What an amazing experience! I had won the BIllboards Award Show 2012 Sweepstakes. So I was invited to this party. It blew me away. Live performances by Monica, Far East Movement, & Whiz K. WOW. The club was really nice and the service rocked. What an event. I am so thankful to have gone.
5	The only reason I give this lounge/club 5 stars is because if you have the coin, it is worth the stop. No one would expect Mirage to have.one of the best lounge/club areas next to newer casinos but it does. Even with hour waits, the lines are filled up with women dressed to the nine. The dj's mix hours of spinning different genres with  confedi drops on the hour past midnight. I mean mother funk'n confedi! Who not love that stuff. Drinks are pricey which is expect from a Vegas establishment but with separate rooms of choice from house to hip-hop, you can't  possibly go wrong.dp
1	1 Oak? I think this should be called 1 Blow.Grrrr. Memorial Day weekend. Saturday night. We get into line for 1.5 hours starts at 10:00PM. The line was REALLY long, but we waited patiently anyways. There is a ladies line which they dump in there, but the general line takes forever!! When we got up to the front, the line completely stopped, for about 20 minutes. The staff never acknowledged us, only said it stopped but it would be starting back again. We then found out that there was ANOTHER line to get in.My friends were already inside and had told me it wasn't worth the wait, it was ghetto, the beers were $10, the cocktails were $20, the free drink tickets they give you in line for 'liking' them on FB expire at midnight. I wouldn't be able to tell you how good the inside is, but the line outside sucks, and from what I hear, we're not missing out on much. Don't waste your time - this club is wack.
5	Friends and I got bottle service for my birthday this past Memorial Day weekend! Staff was friendly and made sure my party was a hit!  Had a great time partying in the hip-hop room. Hostess and her partner served us drinks made sure we were stocked with ice and mixers. Close to closing, they moved us into the main room where the party kept going. Mixed music of techno and old school hip hop in the main room. Lighting was perfect and the confetti thrown in the air added a little bit more excitement. Would return in the future.
1	We waited in line for about an hour (we got there around 11pm) and we were on the guest list, so there was a separate line. Girls got in for free while the guys had to pay $30. Walking in, it immediately reminded me of the clubs in LA! I would rather go to TAO, Marquee or XS and pay instead of this place. Why go 250 miles to club at a place like in LA?
4	Went to 1OAK Memorial Day weekend and I loved it. The music was great, the drinks were good and I had a great time. What I love about 1OAK similar to Marquee is that they both have rooms specifically dedicated to hip hop.The only complaint is that it took us a long time to put in our drink order. The bartender closest to us spent a really long time doing transactions on the register for what seemed to be bottle service charges and left us hanging for too long IMO. It was probably the longest wait I've had a club to get a drink. Then again the drinks were free, so I can complain too much. I will definitely go back!
4	My husband and I had a blast! I danced in both dance rooms and was very happy with the music. The lines are long if you are a married couple, so don't expect to get in too fast, they let groups of girls in first, so that was so annoying!!. Once we got in it was great. The dance floors were a bit crowded, but if you don't mind rubbing elbows with people and getting your boggie on your ok. Overall i had a great time!!
1	Customer service here sucks!!! We booked bottle service for my friends bachelorette party and we arrived a little late and they gave our table away. Do you know how many times I have been late for a reservation in Vegas and have never had my table given away and were are talking about 15-20min here not like hours! We arrive the bottle service line is a mad house no organization to it what so ever, everybody is just pushing eachother I felt like I was in a mosh pit we waited 15 minutes for our host to come out and tell us he gave away our table...ummm you could have said that when I talked to you when I arrived. As we are walking away another host approaches us and says he can get us a table. We skip the line go into the club and they make us stand against a wall for 30 minutes and after repeatedly asking what was going on of the guy said they don't have any tables available with the price we were quoted...REALLY?!?! How much more of my time do you want to waste? The staff was rude and unorganized and I will NEVER go back. My cousin had 7 bottles booked the following month for his bithday and cancelled after I told him what happened. The club itself was nothing spectacular, the same kind of club you would see in any major city, when I go to Vegas I want to be amazed and 1OAK was definitely nothing spectacular. We ended up going to Marqee and it was amazing!!! We spent a little more money than we would have at 1OAK but it was well worth.
1	This is the worst clubbing experience I have had, OF ALL TIME.Waited in line an hour which I cannot complain about because we got in for free. Once we got inside we went straight to the bar, this is where I met the WORST bartender of all time. We had free drink tickets and my friend next to me ordered a vodka redbull from a fairly attractive shorter bartender. She explained to him that the drink ticket would not work, because the club has to buy the redbull so it would be $5. I am thinking $5 for a vodka redbull on a crowded night, I am fine with that. I order the same thing from a taller blonde haired white boy, who looked like he was 16 years old and he started working on my drink. When he was finished I tried to pass him the free drink card (just to make sure it didn't work) he told me they didn't accept those for redbull vodka, so I said ok and took out a $20, thinking it was $5. Once I had the $20 in my hand the bartender grabbed it and said "$20". I was SHOCKED! the other bartender literally 3 minuets ago said it was $5! WTF, HE TOOK THE MONEY OUT OF MY HAND WHICH WASN'T EVEN PRESENTED TO HIM. He might as well have taken it out of my pocket it was so shady. I explained this to the shady bartender and he didn't care, just said, "do you want me to call my manager?' I said "yes you stole money out of my hand." The short attractive bartender listened to the whole thing and she just stood there confused because she knew i was right and couldn't do anything about it. The douche bag walks over to his cash register and picks up his radio and starts talking on it. He walks by shortly after and says "my manager is on his way", and he started taking other orders. My friends who were standing right next to me and saw the whole thing were just as pissed off as I was and waited with me. I have never wanted to beat up someone so much in my entire life (I am a nonviolent person). I stood there contemplating throwing his shitty made $20 vodka redbull in his face. After I waited a good 20min and no manager ever came, so I decided to try and enjoy the rest of the night.Moral of the story: Ask how much a drink costs because different bartenders drinks at 1OAK have different prices, and if someone steals money out of your hands they deserve to have a drink thrown in there face and there ass BEAT!
5	So my friends and I were pretty much dead from getting trashed at the pool during the day. Luckily we had bought pre-sale tickets (highly recommend) and passed the line so easily. We walk into the club to the nearest bar to the left. *DJ drops N*ggas In Paris* I think to myself: ok knees are starting wobble, lips are getting a little wet. We hit the dance floor and DJ drops "Call Me Maybe". Hands down, this club just earned 5 stars. There was enough room to dance...too bad the chick I was dancing with had trashcan breath. You woulda thought liquor woulda helped some? Actually made it worse. Every time she talked to me, it felt like Pacquiao just landed a 6 punch combo to my face. I was tempted to ask the bartender for one red bull vodka and one shot of oxyclean for her to gargle with. Although I left the club with a bad stomach ache from her pungent aroma, I had a great time!Don't waste your time in the "hip-hop" room- complete sausage fest. The DJ in the main room sticks mainly to hip hop anyway. If DJ Que is ever spinning, it is gonna be a money night. I'm talking about a foam party and confetti in your drink kinda night.
3	I went here when it freshly opened. Laidback Luke was the DJ. I came here on a Thursday night after TAO. I wasn't on the guest list or anything. But my friends managed to get us in for FREE. It was packed and it's probably because it was the new "hot" club. It was new, but not so much hot club. The dance floor is really small, but I didn't mind because I was just there for Laidback Luke. I didn't like the crowd so much; it was a little older for my taste. Laidback Luke was awesome!! Nelly was also there, which is cool. I didn't stay long because it was like 3am/4am already.Nice venue, but too small. I like big venues like TAO, XS, or Marquee
2	A relative from France was in town and wanted to checkout a Vegas club so I took her here, formerly known as Jet.  I didn't care for Jet too much but I figured I'd give this place a try since my friends were having a girls night out here (7 girls and 1 guy, yes it's still a girls' night out since he's gay).   This place might as well still be called Jet.  Everything inside was the same but possibly more bottle service tables than Jet.  The music was the same...random genre and mostly mainstream songs that you hear on the radio.  The dance floor still tiny as ever.  We went on a Friday night and it was packed so I could only imagine how Saturday is.  There was no space to even maneuver on the dance floor, let alone dance.  Even though it was packed, we were able to order drinks fairly fast and the bathroom lines were short, so kudos for that.  We left after two hours since it wasn't much fun.  Overall, I will not come back to this club.  We probably should have went to XS or Marquee.
1	If I could give this club 0 stars, I would. This is by far the WORST CLUB I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!!! They made us wait in 5 separate lines (even with VIP passes) and when we finally got in the club--30 minutes later, there was nowhere to stand/dance/do anything. One of the bouncers even got in our face all ghetto style for standing there!! Hello, there was nowhere to go!! He was about to punch my sister for asking where we should go. Needless to say, I would never wish this torture upon anyone. Your time would be better spend in another club, gambling, in your own hotel room, in hell... Anything would be better than this club!!
2	This is exactly why I hate the "clubbing scene." It was my first experience, and definitely my last. From the wait time to the staff and the big confusing line! It was awful! No one, I mean no one, not even the staff itself knew which line was what--it was a complete mess. The inside is poorly designed with not much room to dance on. Two stars because on the way out, the staff by the door was nice enough to tell us that we needed to be stamped if we wanted back in. But no thanks...Light Group: step it up.
1	Rude staff, dirty, and lame music.....Never coming here again!!!!We had a table, and once we left to go get some of our late arriving friends, the staff would not let us back in for 20mins, despite being told we would be able to come right back in, the dumb bouncer gave us only 1 ticket even though there were 3 of us, and once we got to the door, they wouldn't let us through. After so much hassle, we were finally back in, but the attitudes of the staff really ruined my night! If they don't treat customers with respect, their business will not last long.....Worst night club in Vegas! There are so many other choices,don't waste your time and money at this dump.
5	I had an awesome time at 1 OAK! The DJ was great and the drinks were great. Because we liked then on FB, we all got a free well vodka drink ticket. The only thing I didn't like too much was the incredibly small dance floor. A drink got kicked around and shattered and my friend stepped on it, cutting her foot. Other than that, it was a great experience!
3	Same as Jet, different name. My girlfriends and I had a table, the club was packed, and there was so much dancing. We were up until 6 that morning and had a blast. The bottle service was spot on, they had a lot of waters available in addition to top shelf vodka and mixers. All of the other girls tasted some Dom but I missed out! Didn't know we were served it until I got home and saw pictures. :)  The bouncer that was near our table would escort us to the bathroom every time making sure we had no trouble getting there or back to our table. Hilarious and helpful! Tyga performed that night and I am so glad we weren't stuck in the middle of the dance floor because it was packed shoulder to shoulder...We had a grand time.
2	As with many Las Vegs clubs, 1 OAK is overpriced. $30 entry on a Saturday night even though we were guests at the hotel. Once we were in the drinks were pretty unreasonable too - $14 for a Vokda and Cook and $7 just for a small soda. The atmosphere was fin but the dance floor is tiny and an absolutely stuffed with people.To be honest this place is not worth paying for. Try another, bigger club on a Saturday night.
4	I'm torn between a 3 and 4 star review for 1Oak.  1Oak is where Jet used to be and it's basically the same layout with a few minor changes.Pros:  Good music - especially if you're tired of House/Eletro music they play at the other popular clubs (XS, Marquee, Surrender)  Two rooms here.  Main room plays hip hop/rap like what you'd hear on the radio (Power 106-type).  Then the actual hip hop room plays real hip hop, good stuff!Bartenders - I was in luck.  Everytime I went to the bar, I got a drink right away.  Maybe because I was holding a few singles, so the bartender knew he would get a tip.  (I saw so many people not tipping.  What is wrong with you people?)Good deals:  They give out free drink cards to the girls and girls can easily get on guestlist and pay no cover.  Promotors are very friendly for this place.Cons:Ok crowd.Doormen:  There was one at the front that was so incredibly rude to every single person.  Overall, I would go again for the music.
4	Went on a Thursday night after 4th of July, no line walked straight through. Went with 2 girls and 1 guy, knew a promoter and he got us all in for free, us girls also got 2 drink passes. The drinks we had were okay. The first bartender made them pretty good, the next one made them watery and it took a long time to finish. It was pretty packed for a Thursday, there was a party at every table. It was a little difficult getting in and out from the dance floor. Crowd was okay, it was pretty mixed. Meaning, the age range was from 21-50 or even older. Weird watching someone that's around your moms age getting her freak on, grinding with some guy. There are always those creeps that just come up behind you and try to get their dance on. All around the atmosphere is pretty fun and everyone's just trying to have a good time.  The DJ that night was awesome! I don't think he repeated any song, every song was danceable. I think that's why we stayed as long as we did, because the DJ was just really good!
4	We used come when it ws Jet and loved it then. We were doing a club crawl and it was the first club we went to. Our group got there as it opened and the first thing we noticed the dance floor was beyond TINY. I tried to not let that bug me. The music picked up (it was awesome) and it got crowded quickly, HOWEVER people were quite respectful about being in their own space. We had so much fun I was bummed that we had to leave to go to the next club.
3	I went here on a Saturday night and it was ridiculous how long the line is. Girls will get in, but if you're a guy, be prepared to tip the guys out front to get in. Unless the lines are dead, you will not be able to get in. And after that, remember you still have to pay for your club ticket ($30). Once you're in, there's some standard features. You've got a bar, bottle service tables around the perimeter of the club, and a central dance floor with about 4 entrances to. There are go-go dancers dancing around and some nice music playing,. especially if you are into Hip-Hop.The ratio is good, but after a while, it gets hard to find dance partners. You'll be walking around, trying to navigate through the dance floor, and end up where you were about 10 minutes ago. Overall, the club is really not that bad. I really loved the Hip-Hop/Rap music that was playing. Honestly, this is the only music I like dancing too. However, this place gets 3 stars just for the sheer amount of money you have to blow to get into the joint.
2	Went there on a Sunday night .Two lines ones for girls only other one  is for guestlist / guys which moves very slow.if you show up with a group of girls only and on guestlist your in with in 5 min. cover charge for guys on guestlist is $20 girl free . this place is tiny for vegas the only good thing is that it has two rooms. first room plays top 40's. second one plays hip hop rap . the one this i didn't like is that they don't check the guys at the door like every club. the second room smelled so much like weed. and the fu**en annoying white bunny was crowding the walk ways.they hand  you a drink ticket in line but they dont tell you its over at 12.
4	My recommendation for any club in Vegas: get bottle service. that's what we did here when I went with my girlfriend's brother and some friends. We had an amazing time!That night we got 2 bottles and they gave us 1 for free. The total bill was around $1500 and it was well worth it... We had great service at our table. They can and focused on us exceptionally well. We all felt like kings. The bouncers are super nice (that is if you're not someone who causes trouble). The security guard next to our table was super nice and although I offered him many a shots he refused. Yet, he did take a liking to us and came by every 30 minutes or so to ask us if we were doing alright and if anyone was causing us any headaches.The dance floor was packed... if you're looking to meet out of towners and random people in Vegas, definitely try this place. Like every club in Vegas, everyone was super nice. I didn't talk to anyone.. but I did dance by myself alot. I had an amazing time and I know the guys in our group did too. They all definitely had plenty of girls to talk to....Oh.. and about the bouncers and promoters at the door.. they were all awesome... Dress up nicely is my main recommendation. We were all dressed up exceptionally well and when we got to the VIP line we were let in first.. even before some of the other guys and girls that got there before us...All in all... I can't wait to come back here again. Maybe next time with a bigger group (we were 6 total). Try this place out.. oh.. and don't forget your best attire and remember to get bottle service!
5	This is a great club. It is in the same location as the old Jet. I went here as the first stop on a 3 stop club crawl. The other two clubs (Pure and Chateau) were very enjoyable, but 1 OAK was my favorite. The music mix was great, but most importantly, the club design didn't pull all the women off the dance floor. Quite a few clubs have designs that shuttle women toward private tables, rooms, or elevated areas. I felt like 1 OAK kept the dance floor going by preventing this.Even if you have one of those private areas, there isn't a replacement for having people on the dance floor. LAX, in my opinion, is very bad about the design clearing out the dance floor. Even when I had a table in a separate room, it wasn't as much fun because the dynamics of the dance floor were messed up.
4	Small as far as Vegas clubs go, but pretty fun.  A hip hop soundtrack was a welcome change to the electro at most clubs. We had a table but somehow got booted away. Due to not buying alcohol because of a hidden handle of rum? Perhaps.Do not go on the dancefloor if you are in any way claustrophobic.  If quarters were any closer I would probably be pregnant right now.
2	Had fun while I was here but the door guy is a frickin jerk. Was late to the party bus and couldn't get back in.
4	I live in so-cal, so I frequent Vegas quite often.  Been to a lot of clubs and had bottle service at a few.  The staff at 1Oak was definitely some of the best service I've experienced when purchasing a table.  Came here with my girls for my bachelorette party on a Friday.  Showed up late, so the table availability wasn't the best, but the staff more than made up for it.  We were shown to our table quickly and introduced to our hostess.  Everyone was so nice and accommodating.  The bouncers were polite and helpful, in the sincerest way.  Making sure we knew where the bathrooms were, offering to escort us through the crowd(it was PACKED).  I cant say enough good things about the way we were treated.  The music was also awesome.  Not the usual same 10 songs on rotation.  As far as decor, honestly doesn't look that different from when it was Jet, with the exception of added random animal print paintings.  Overall great experience.
5	I love 1 Oak's "1-Of-A-Kind" layout. The floor plan is pretty unique, where you can see straight across the room without any obstructions. Both bars, dance floor, DJ booth & VIP tables are in clear sight...which aids my NYC "people watching" skill! The Hip-Hop Room is the "perfect" size too, just need some "real" Hip-Hop DJs in there...preferably from NYC like the original!!!
4	Straight up looks like Matrix Reloaded in here!Seriously, if you're looking for a "Vegas Nightclub" experience, then this is your place. It's intimate, the dance floor is packed and the drinks are overpriced. Everything you need to gawk at girls and go back to your hotel room with your bros saying things like, "She was ugly anyway."
5	Spent the last night of a bachelor party here. We did bottle service, so my review may be biased. That said.....I loved 1 Oak. We rolled in with a large group, good news, females don't count towards you're bottle minimums. The DJ played a great mix and it was hip-hop heavy. On Friday 2 Chainz was there and on Sunday LIL Wayne performed. The crowd was definitely looking to have a good time. We didn't really leave our table on the dance floor too often, but when we did, there were only good times to be had on the dance floor. The ladies were looking great and were very friendly. Our hostess was Denise and she did a great job keeping the drinks flowing. From entrance to exit we had no issues. No one was rude or pretentious and we didn't encounter any issues. We were greeted, placed in queue for a few minutes and we were on our way. The place was packed too. I also hit Tryst, Chateau, Gallery and liked 1 Oak a lot more. If you're looking for a little less electro, this is the place for you. If you're from the East Coast you'll feel right at home here.One of my better more positive clubbing experiences!
5	I went to 1OAK on Tuesday. Even for it being the middle of the week it was packed and the party was jumping!  I love the upscale look of the club. It really screams classy. From the bartenders to the host everyone is extremely nice! I really value that. All my friends love to dance and we dance in both rooms comfortably even with drinks in my hands. I always will recommend this club to everyone.
3	Bachelor Party Day 2 festivities...Had a table at Tryst but "the group" decided to come here (I'm never electing to go with just entry to a club if we can go somewhere else and have a table, especially in Vegas, that's just me...)As a result $80 tip for 6 to walk in and not wait in line. Then kicked in the nuts with another $40 a guy to get in OUCH....that's Vegas baby (table we had with 2 bottles of Grey goose wouldn't have been much difference and when you factor the individual drinks bought, if they thought they were saving money---nope!)Oh well some time there's just no talking to a pack of wolves.At any rate, they made my best man check his Tom Ford sunglasses. (Why can't he bring sunglasses, how is that bad dress code? Guess what, saw plenty of sunglasses being worn inside....) of course at the end of the night we left them...they were a gift from me to him.We made a joke about it the rest of the weekend "it's no gold chain night, need to check your chain...oh it's not a gold chain, those are rubies, well it's no ruby night, sorry gotta check'em...oh didn't you know, it's no princess cut diamond night, sorry gotta check those too..." lol my man got, got, simple as that.Besides all that music was good and dancing is easy. Main area and a back room, both sorta small. My team was getting to 2nd base on the dance floor and a few were trying to steal 3rd!Ladies made it real easy for us...Appreciate the love!Not my fav but definitely a good club for meeting the opposite sex. Everybody was cool except for one guy...it seems we were dancing too close to him and his girl...IT'S A CLUB lol! Everybody is dancing too damn close---he wisely ran off.
3	We got to the Mirage early just so that we can walk around the casino and I guess he's a promoter saw us and called us over. He told us to call him when we're ready to get in so that we can avoid the lines. Im glad we exchanged #'s kuz lines really make me twitch =P and we didnt have to pay, even better! Its a pretty good size club. The dance floor was super pack... we went on the dance floor and we probably lasted there about 20 mins and we jus have to get outta that... its was too crowded and Im not tryna have my toes get stepped on or drinks spilled on my fit. This big heavy dude saw us and asked us to join him and his frenz for sum drinks... I was all for it kuz i jus wanted to sit and rest my feet, plus get free drinks... who would say no to that, even if their heavy as $h!t! So back to this review: Music - Mixed and pretty good. Crowd - Mixed: Young, Old, Thin, Heavy as $h!t, all races, ugly, cute. Drinks - Small Fiji water bottle $8, not sure bout the drinks since we had free drinks with the Heavy Dudes! Cover - Not sure, got in free. Line - Long as $h!t, but thank goodness a pretty face can get u in right away! =P
1	Tell me why I'm not surprised by the low rating of this club?Extremely small club compared to others. I have never been at a club where they treat girls so shitty. A guy invited me and my friends over to their table to chill. So we did and right away the security told us to leave becuz we were Asian and we didn't look Armenian enough to be in that group. Are you kidding me? Racial profiling? Even the guy was like "no they're with us" and the black security kept telling us to leave. Alright then. I'm a local. Ima girl with a buncha girl friends. I'm fine with never coming here again. Other clubs HELLA appreciate girls in their clubs. So screw this place.  It deserves a low rating.
2	The last time I was in this space, it was Yelp Night at Jet and I was posing with a big bottle of Grey Goose that Misti Y. procured for each table. But as we all know, change is gonna come.This time, the same space is 1 OAK nightclub. It is your typical run-of-the-mill Vegas nightclub. Girls pack-dancing. Guys scoping girls. Tables...with service. Aisles that are waaay too small to accommodate all of the folk that want to walk this way or that. Drinks that are all too expensive and unattainable anyway due to the throng of people at the bar trying to procure them.Meh.
5	1oak, needless to say this place is 1 OF A KIND. I came here for memorial day weekend on Sunday night, and I have to say that this place was actually 1 OF A KIND! We got to the line at about 10 o'clock as we were told by one of the promoters that works their to make sure we arrive early. This place had a line of at least 50 "bad bitches" waiting to get in at the time. Since we stayed at the Mirage we were let in right away, and that made the experience all the merrier. Soon as we were in the agave was flowing and our night was beginning. The DJ's in both rooms kept playing non stop hits of Rap and Hip Hop and that's a nice change of scene since most of the vegas clubs play house now. House is nice, but Gangstas dont dance they boogie. With all the good music, great drinks, and 1 of a kind women dancing the night was not long enough. I had such a good time here that next time I do the vegas dip I'm not bothering with Marquee, XS, or the other big name clubs. I'm coming to 1OAK all three nights. Having gone to Vegas numerous times and being in all the clubs I feel that the environment here is the best I've ever experienced with everyone partying, and not standing around. This place totally lives up to the name and I cannot wait to return with my boys for more adventures.
3	Went over Labor Day weekend and the place was PACKED. They had a good DJ, and the dance floor was full. We were given about 40 free drink tickets which we tried to use at the bar but the bartenders ignored us once they saw we had them. The architecture wasn't anything up to Vegas standards and was pretty plain. Just a rectangle room with a sunken dance floor. I'd pick XS or Marquee over this any day. But that should come as no surprise.
4	We were there for labor day weekend and this place was packed on a Sunday night.. We didn't get to wait in line which was great oh and ladies were free. Yay! We danced by the bar the entire night, the dance floor was FULL..  We had a great time., The bartender was cool ( maybe cuz of all the tips we gave him). I'll definitely go again! Oh,the drinks are on the expensive side..
5	I was here for the I Heart Radio Weekend and WOW! not only is 1OAK Vegas Nightlife Defined but I got to see TONS of celebrities in the club! Truly an amazing experience!
1	We were told that we could come in but had to move out of the Guest list line (which we were first put in) and go into the general admission line because there were too many Black people with us.  Pass.I am not saying I was with the classiest group of people but that has nothing to do with their race.  Also, arent people trained to lie about that sort of thing?
3	Was not really here long enough to write a full review...but from what i did experience...music was good. Drinks were good.  Small. Very dark inside. Staff was friendly.  I would not mind coming back, staying longer and hoping to get a "1 of a kind" club experience.
4	New club inside the Mirage in Vegas! I know the promoter so me and my girls got in for free. Get on the guest list and you will get 3 complimentary drinks before 11:30pm and if you like them on facebook you get another free drink after 12am. Definitely another club to go to if you want to have some fun in Vegas!!I really like this club because it's really spacious and you can actually dance! Unlike other clubs you can't even enjoy yourself because it's too crowded. A week after I attended Usher had a special appearance with Rihanna!! WHAT?? MUsic: Hip Hop, House, Pophttp://www.facebook.com/1oaklasvegas
4	This club is awesome! Hands down the best service I've ever received at a club. We had a comped bottle and table for one of my girlfriend's birthday.. We didn't have to wait in line at all and the cocktail servers were so sweet and nice! They never let your glass go empty and they were always somewhere close by. Even the porters were on their A Game constantly refilling everything!!! The bad thing about this place is that it's kind of small and we actually had to share our table area with another group of people we didn't know.. But their service is on point!!! Good job 1Oak~ Another annoying thing was that there were promoters EVERYWHERE! We we were probably asked by 20 different promoters while walking to the venue inside the Mirage and I am not over exaggerating even in the restroom some promoter chick stayed posted asking ladies if they were going to the club tonight.. Weird!!!
1	Horrible door men and promoters. Waited in line 20 mins after being comped. Got to the door and told couldn't get in without a ticket. Bullsh*t. Do not go here.
1	Worst place ever !!!!!  Terrible employees !!!!
4	One of the newer clubs on the strip located at the Mirage!If you park in the self-parking lot,  it is conveniently located RIGHT when you get out of the escalators.My friends had good relations with the promoters here so for our large group of 20 something people, we were comped 2 tables with a bottle at each table. People say this club is small, but what's the point of having a super-sized club? All that does is scatters everyone so  you don't get to meet new people. Here, you have the luxury of the dance floor, your table, the bathrooms, and bars, all within convenient walking proximity so that you don't have to tire your feet out so much. There's also cocktail waitresses walking around giving free shots so be sure to take advantage of that but remember to also leave a tip for courtesy!The only con about this place is that because our group's tables were separated on the opposite ends of the clubs, we are in a medium size booth that is shared with 2 tables in the booth. Nice waitresses and service. Overall, small but I like it. But I can't really agree that this club is 1 of a kind lol.
4	We went to this club as part of a pub crawl and I was pleasantly surprised how much fun we had here. The DJ played great music, and it was quite entertaining with the dancing animals they had on stage. My only complaint is that the dance floor is pretty small and gets extremely crowded once the night crowd gets in. I would definitely go back next trip to Vegas.
4	Fun club. I went for a birthday party and we had a table which was nice. It was a good atmosphere all around but unless you have a table there's not a lot of space for you to roam around. The vibe was great and the crowd was beautiful. I had a good time and I'd probably go back.
5	Right now, I definitely love this club. I love the music. Everywhere and everything is about house music right now but I'm still into the hip hop kindof music. The place is fun, tables are cool. Security guys are funny and aren't so bad especially when youre drunk and you dont give a shit!Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas!
3	After going hard at Marquee Dayclub earlier in the day we ended up at 1 OAK after a bit of a breather. We were on a list so were able to get in very quickly on a Saturday night. The music here skews to more hip-hop than other clubs in LV that trend towards the hottest EDM DJs. Bar service was excellent, but the bar along the left side of the dance floor was really narrow so people were always trying to squeeze by you.My favorite part was definitely the $8 8oz water I bought for a friend who had a particularly rough time at the pool earlier.That or the gorilla in a basketball jersey dancing around.
1	This club sucks!! All and I mean all the bouncers are a holes!! Ur dancing too crazy ur backing ur butt up too much ur too close to the wall ur parting too hard really!?? Never again drinks are $19+ up they suck dance floor is super small $30 for guys and they say its open bar for ladies till 12 but they only give u 3 drink tickets. All and all won't recommend to anyone.
3	There are a FEW things that are keeping me from adding this club to my list of favorites... (Scroll to the bottom of my review for the pros and cons.)My fiance and I went to 1 OAK's Industry Halloween Event last night (Tuesday 10/30), which was supposed to be free for locals with valid ID. This was our first time going to 1 OAK. I wanted to get us on the guest list just in case there would be a huge turnout. I searched, but I couldn't find a "public" guest list on their website or social media sites, like the larger clubs do (Marquee, XS, etc). I figured we'd be able to get in as long as we got their early (it was already the day of and I had no patience to look for promoters). I called the number listed on the website to confirm about locals getting in for free, and the girl I spoke to confirmed that Tuesdays are industry nights so locals have no cover, including the Halloween Event. I also asked her if we needed to be on the guest list because we're locals, and she said no.We arrived at 1 OAK around 11pm (they open at 10:30pm), and there were just groups of people scattered everywhere. I had no clue where to go, so I asked one of the security guys behind the ropes since we're locals and we weren't on the guest list. He looked pretty unsure of what he was saying to us (maybe he was new?). He ended up giving me a "Ladies VIP" card for free entry and told us to go wait in a line. We had our ID's checked, and when we got to the actual entrance of the club, I was let in but the security told my fiance that he needed to buy a ticket, even though we're locals. So we turned around and headed to the mess of lines in the front of the club, AGAIN.Funny enough, we were stopped by a random girl who was a promoter, and she got us wristbands, and I was given a "Female Guest List" ticket and 3 free drink vouchers (ladies get 3 free drink vouchers when on the guest list). So we went in line again, got our ID's checked again, and when we get to the entrance of the club, the SAME security guy tells my fiance that he has to buy a ticket and the wristbands "don't count". I told this guy that a promoter gave us the wristbands and got us on the guest list, and that we're locals anyway and that my fiance should NOT have to pay cover. He finally gave up and let my fiance in with me for free since the line was getting long behind us. When we walked into the actual club, it was half-packed so there was still plenty of room to walk around and explore the place. The venue itself is gorgeous. Very contemporary and up-scale. It's smaller than Marquee/XS, but I think the size is just right. There are two rooms, the main room, which is what you see when you first walk in (top 40/edm), and there's a smaller room towards the back (hip-hop). The dancefloor in the main room is a pretty good size. The Ladies' bathroom has plenty of stalls, which is a big plus. I wanted to get some drinks with the free vouchers I was given, and I found out the hard way about some of the restrictions for the vouchers:-only ladies are allowed to use the vouchers -the vouchers are only valid before midnight-the vouchers are only valid for drinks with Skyy Vodka-you have to pay $5 if you want Redbull with Skyy I decided to go with a couple of cape cods, and my fiance got a rum and coke. The drinks were okay; not too strong/too weak. Bar service was pretty decent too; the bartenders were nice and friendly. The security/staff inside the club were friendly as well.The crowd was diverse. I saw some older people mixed in with the typical 20-somethings. The place had good vibes and was drama-free; everyone just seemed to be enjoying the music and drinks. There were plenty of girls as well, so this is the place to be if you're a guy looking for some girls, lol. ---Pros and Cons for 1 OAK---PROS:-Smaller club = shorter wait time in line to get in (roughly an hour or less)-Free drink vouchers for the ladies (restrictions apply)-Lots of girls for the guys-Good music-Nice venue/crowd/overall atmosphere-Super close to the parking garage (big plus for the ladies in heels at the end of the night!)CONS:-Security/lines to get in are unorganized-It gets super crowded on the dancefloor around midnight-If you're a guy, it may be a hassle to get in if you're not on the guest list, or if you're not getting a tableMy advice: find a promoter and get on the guest list if you're a guy or are in a group with guys!Overall, we had a great time (minus the security/line b.s.) and Major Lazer's set was amazing! It's highly likely that we'll be back at 1 OAK with guest list entry; hopefully next time that idiot security guy won't be there!
4	Cool nightclub, didn't recognize who the dj was (probably a foreign guy). One good thing about getting on the guest list and knowing the promoter is free drinks as long as you're at the table. The dance floor gets super crowded. Don't bump into the guys carrying the bowls of ice cubes it'll end up on your head you spent two hours on.
1	Don't wear any sandals!!! This place has been making us wait for two hours in line cause my friend didn't wear heels this place as far as upscale takes the cake, for being ridiculous.
4	Good choice if you don't like EDM/House..club caters to people who like hip-hop and top40. Don't expect any extravagant decor like xS or Marquee. Good open layout, so even if it gets crowded, you can still move around easily on the sides. Table locations and booths are scattered everywhere. If you're on a budget but want bottle service, it's easy to get a deal at 1OAK. Great VIP hosts will work with you. I didn't encounter any power tripping doormen/security on both my visits.They do get celebrities in here all the time..Lil Wayne, Usher, etc. have been featured guests. Again, not exactly on my top 5 list when going clubbin in Vegas, but 1OAK is a solid tier-2 spot. Not much of a hassle to get inside and the lower bottle minimums make it attractive. 4 stars is being generous, but I have had a great time everytime I visit.
4	Not bad at all!! I don't know if it was just good timing, or a slow weekend, but my girlfriends and I were able to pretty much walk right in with no wait. What a fun time! The music was a great mix of hip-hop, top 40, with a little bit of EDM/House thrown in for good measure. Nicely decorated, if not super lux, but with all of the club staples- light up sticks, stuff falling from the ceiling, smoke, etc. I am glad that there is another club in Vegas that isn't dominated by EDM, and will be back!
4	3.5 Stars.So as you already know, 1oak used to be Jet Nightclub. Not much has changed since it was Jet. There was about 25+ of us and I had more fun jiggin with them than the club itself. The space and layout is very much the same as Jet nightclub, which of course you can't expect much due to their limited space and inability to expand. One thing that was different was they didn't have the "go-go" stands like they used to at Jet. The dance floor was small, the walking area was small, but I guess when you too faded to function and you're with your folks, it doesn't really matter too much.The music was on point for the most part. Considering the fact that they are known to play more hiphop than Marquee or XS, i'd say they lived up to that hype. The bottle service area on the top level was more spacious and comfy than the bottle service on the dance floor. Hella complicated leaving and entering the dance floor because of the designated enter and exit spots of the dance floor.I am not too sure if I would come here again, just depends on the folks i'm with.Total spent $free.99
4	Once you have been to one club you have been to them all.  Nothing ever changes. I did have a good time!  Danced from 12am-4am with no stops!  Luckily I met a great guy who could dance!  We had a VIP table right about the DJ booth and we danced on the ledge.  I was a little nervous I would fall over in my heels, but I held on strong!  The staff was nice, same as every other place though.  My friend did have to pay a cover of $30, which was a little pricey, really guys, we are already buying your $10 drinks.......come on!  DJ Cequel was playing, SOOOOO AWESOME!  He put some great music out. Can't wait to hear him again.  I believe he is there every Thursday night!!!   I would go to 1 OAK again, just for the good music and the dancing.
4	Generic Review of a Vegas Night Club:"BLAH BLAH BLAH BOTTLE SERVICE IS  A MUST. COOL DANCE FLOOR GETS PACKED. TOO MANY CREEPY GUYS NOT ENUF SKANKS OMG I HAVE NO GAME Y DID DA BOWNCER NOT LET ME IN WITH SLIPPERS AND MAI WHITE TEE RAGE 1 STAR."----I will say it time and time again, Vegas clubbing is so odd because people that don't go clubbing...end up clubbing.  Hence, terribly skewed reviews that REALLY do not tell you anything.Does this place play more hip-hop? Yes.  The DJ will play uptempo remixed mainstream, (like every other Vegas nightclub used to do before Levels came out) but I was pleasantly surprised when he jacked the BPM down to a hard hitting hip hop mini set.  Whenever you hear Drop It Low (Ester Dean), Lean Back (Fat Joe), and Back Dat Ass Up (Juvenile) in the same span, you know the DJ knows what's up.Guys got a drink ticket.  I thought that was really cool.  As far as I could tell, though, 1-1 ratio was not strictly enforced so long as you brought people into the club.  Big groups can get away with bad ratio as long as you aren't a Douche (sorry USC Trojans, go home).Just like any other club, groups of girls will get sucked into bottle service booths.  Get over it and strike early.Overall, I think this place is at the top of the tier-2 nightclubs list.  I would go again. The energy really hits like something of TAO, but the age is scaled a bit toward late 20's.  Also, groups of girls are not nearly as plentiful as they are at Marquee.  But hey, there's a reason you paid $20 instead of $40.  Recommended for big groups. No clear cut ethnicity of people in the club.RANDOM DJ TANGENT: Their light setup is really cool.  Also, they have some super awesome CO2 cannon that they shoot confetti out of.  I wish I had one.
4	One of the smaller clubs in Vegas but I still liked it. We got in relatively quickly but I think it was because my friend got a hook up. Free drink passes before midnight for the girls which was nice. Vodka + juice only. Oh wells. Free drink haha. And the bar wasn't too crowded. But otherwise, I think my friend paid $18 for a long island? Outrageous.It pretty nice. Pretty crowded, but it is a really small place. I liked the music - hip hop. Overall, I had fun. If the music is good and you're with good friends, it's hard not to have a good time.
1	This place is not what it seems! I would never go back and I would never recommend this place to anyone!I was a guest of the Mirage Hotel in November 2012 and I decided to give 1oak a shot. My friends and I stopped by the conceirege early in the day to ask about admission prices for guest of the hotel. The person working the conceriege right outside 1oak gave each one of us a VIP pass and she explained that we would get in for free before 11 p.m. That same night, Lloyd was supposed to be a special guest with a performance at 1oak.Since I have previously had to wait a long time to get into vegas clubs, I knew I had to be at 1oak early. My friends and I were waiting outside of 1oak by 9:40 p.m. From 9:40 to 10:30 p.m. we spoke to various different people working for 1oak who each had a different thing to say and a different line for us to stand in. There was clearly no consensus among staff members. We were told that we needed to wait in the general admission line, then the vip line and once in the vip line we were told that no one was getting in unless they had bottle service or were on the guest list due to the special perforance. This was clearly not the case as the general admission line stood to my left where people were paying $40 to get in without being on the guest list or having bottle service. The lack of organization had nothing to do with special performance because this venue has had other celebrities at this venue before and believe me, some much more popular than Lloyd who hasn't had a song in a while!  My friends and I became fustrated and we explained to one of the staff members that we were guests of the hotel. The staff member asked another staff member who then shouted in our face that it was guest list or table service only. After that, I decided I was leaving! I  told them I was leaving and I was ready to toss their so called VIP pass on the floor, when all of a sudden they decided we could enter for free. The moment I told them I would leave because of their horrible service they decided to let me in! This is ridiculous, it shouldn't need to come to that point. We entered the club and when we were inside we were disappointed that we had wasted so much time and effort on a place that wasn't even all that great. The dance floor is so small and to top it all off there was nothing but older married men inside(with rings on their fingers)! The bottle service tables were all bought out by men in their 40's and older. Overall, horrible service, unorganized staff and small venue! I decided to post this review after I found out that they will have Kim Kardashian as a host for New Years 2013. This will be a disaster! If they could not get their information straight for a much smaller celebrity, you can only expect havoc for someone as big as Kim K.Don't go!
4	People who give 1 OAK 1 or 2 stars because of your oh so terrible experiences: It's your fault for being an arrogant ratchet hood rat who expects to be treated like royalty at a tier-2 Vegas night club. Shit happens. Deal with it. If you're not satisfied, just leave and don't make trouble for the rest of us.Having said that, I was pleasantly surprised by 1 OAK. To start off, we had a group of 20 and I'll admit our ratio wasn't the best. Even though it's pretty evident they don't enforce strict ratios on the inside, we still got a pretty sweet deal. $20 entry + a free drink ticket for guys, same but $10 (or maybe free; can't remember) for girls. Can't complain. Big shout out to the promoter, Romi McDowell, who hooked us up with the drink tickets and discounted entry. Unlike typical promoters, he was really genuine, down to earth, and extremely friendly to our group. It's rare to encounter people like that in the nightclub business these days. Music is mostly mainstream remixed hip hop, but they'll occasionally throw in some old school joints. With EDM taking over the clubbing scene, it's nice to hear hip-hop playing at a club once in a while. The light setup is perfect and the DJ even has some confetti cannons as well. The bartenders are all fairly friendly and know how to make a good drink without skimping on alcohol. After you use your drink ticket, prices are average $12-$15 a drink.Overall, 1 OAK is at the top of my list of 2nd-tier Vegas clubs. The layout makes it very easy to get around and isn't too spread out like Marquee or TAO. Decor is also fairly high-class. Sure your female quality won't be as great and you might get some cholas rubbing up on you here and there, but that's why you're paying $20 instead of $50 to get in.
4	It was so fun!! It is a nice big club!! The line is so long but when you get in it is going down!!
3	This place used to be called Jet Nightclub, and then they changed their name and switched from a shiny background into a super dark black, red, and white background. This place has Retail Night Thursdays. I found out, when the club's marketing lady, Perla, walked into the store that I am working at, and handed me and the entire staff her business card. I been here about 5 times and I like the laid back atmosphere and casual dress code, but it's sort of a love-and-hate kind of thing for me and my peers. My former coworkers over at Michael Kors seems to love it however. I quickly learned, that we better get to know the numbers of the VIP Hosts. A single drink here costs $38+, however, if you can round up a bunch of friends that all can pitch in $15 a person to tip the waitress, you can get comped a table. It's on a per-bottle kind of basis and these tables, while at a more casual club, are still highly sought by guests outside who could be paying far more than us. That means making money is a priority for the staff so treat them respectfully. I am giving 3 stars because even for a mediocre experience, I have gotten away with doing some pretty dumbassed bullshit here and didn't even get banned. I brought a girl I met from PlentyOfFish.com here on a first date, and she NEVER told me that she was on antidepressants and that she continually takes them. After finishing two tall cans (before entering), 7 shots, and 5 cocktails, she passed out and was put on a wheelchair to be taken away by paramedics. I picked her up the next day at a hospital and got things straightened out. I am NOT going to dating sites ever again!My peers however, have different opinions. Our last trip here, our group leader was frustrated on how long it took (30 minutes waiting in line) before our table was made ready by the waitress. She told me she stopped coming here, and instead regularly goes to the Bank at the Bellagio.
2	Hey 1 OAK, I'll say this:Don't let me wait in the all-girls line for 2hrs when your "veteran" promoter said it'll be a faster line.  I understand it was a packed night, but damn, it is dissatisfying to watch the line I was in get neglected compared to the other lines.Don't give drink comps for BEFORE midnight when you let us in AFTER midnight and those drink comps no longer work.  With that said, your bartenders are RUDE as hell.  When one of them told us our drink comps were expired, she just walked away and ignored us after.  HELLO, I STILL WANT A DRINK.  BUT THAT'S COOL, I'll get it from another bartender and not have to tip your ass.There is a problem if I have to question the DJ and their setlist.  All the good old skool jams were played while I was waiting in line and then I heard none of it anymore when I got in, what gives??  It was a lot of uptempo mainstream stuff I didn't really care for, to be honest.  It is especially a problem when the crowd got the most excited over 2 Chainz.  No.  'Tis a shame because I enjoyed the music very much the first time I was here.The club attracted a lot of ratchet mofos (and trust, I don't like the word ratchet and seldom use it).  I say this because you will find yourself in a booty shaking contest with hella people here.  When LMFAO's Shots came on and the line "I'm f---ed up, I'm tryna f---" played, what went through my head was: I hope these bishes actually do get some and leave the damn club.Let's be honest, I felt like I was in a ghetto ass high school dance back in Oakland.  I don't know how I feel about that...1 OAK(land)???
1	Purchased tickets to Kendrick Lamar and tried to pick it up day of in the afternoon at like 1PM and was told they won't let us pick up will call tickets until 10:30PM. My friends and I go there at midnight and try to pick tickets up and the lady tells us that they stop printing out tickets and that the email confirmation says that they stop printing tickets at midnight. How can I not be able to pick up tickets that i bought already?????? That is the worst thing I've ever heard. and I'm sure others had the same problem too.Not to mention the line was insane and it barely moved. Very unsatisfied and I'm sure this happened to many others that night. Don't think I will every come here again..
1	Ok I must say, 1Oak has some major issues to fix.  One, The host at the front of the line are straight money hungry cause they where only letting people in giving them tips.  Very bad for business when you have people who would spend more money in the club.  The host are stealing from the club the way I look at it.  Two, the guest list line is the slowest line ever.  The place you inline for a certain for a reason and that is to let hot girls in first.  Okay, I must blind or the host must be blind, cause have the girls they were letting in pass the line where not hot and some of the girls in the line where hotter.  Peoples perspective of whats hot and whats not is very vague.  Sorry to say but soon this club will not last in Vegas once, The Light Nightclub, Body English Nightclub, and Hakkasan Nightclub puts them at the bottom of the list of Best Nightclubs.
1	What a boring club. Went there last Thursday and had a table. Around 1:30 am we were told that we had to leave our table cause that section is closing and we were like "wtf?" Also the DJ sucked big time! He repeats songs and 15 min. he'a gonna play hip hop then 15 min. after he's gonna play house music, that's the whole night thru! What a horrible experience! Never going back to this club anymore!
3	Not one of the fanciest of the clubs in Vegas. It's a basic club with top 40 dance music. It's somewhat smaller than some of the big name clubs in Vegas but it's easier to get in than most for guys.
4	good spot
3	3.5 stars The night my girls and I came here, was the night Kendrick Lamar was playing. To be honest, I don't even remember seeing him, I just remember hearing him sing that's about it. Open bar for girls till 1030 pm! Woot Woot! This is a new club and since we came the week of NYE, it was exciting to know Kim Kardashian was here a few nights before. This place place legit music! Hip hop, mainstream, stuff you could actually dance too! Only problem is the dance floor seemed quite small. It got so packed you couldn't even dance! 1 Oak is also a small club. Small because there isn't much you could explore here in terms of walking around. It is the size of any typical club. The entrance to the club was way more enticing than the actual club itself. What I loved was not having to wait in the long ass line knowing a promoter. What a relief! That line looked like it was going to take an hour long at most to get in! Luckily I waited 15 minutes max. :)
1	This place is terrible. They let in wayyy too many people (over the fire limit x10) and don't let you stand anywhere. If you don't have a table you're screwed. The dance floor is wayy too small for Vegas standards  - There is no room to dance unless you prefer elbows in your face. The staff are incredibly rude - They basically treat you like you're a dog. We were told there was an open bar before midnight. We got there at 10:30 and were told there is no open bar. These people are a bunch of liars.
3	My experience here was fun. It was me and one other female so it was easy to maneuver in and around the joint. We got there right before 11:00PM so it was free and we got a couple free drinks. I guess I wouldn't even call them "free drinks" because they were like 8 parts ice, 1 part soda, 1 part Vodka. Oh well, can't beat free. Anyway, the DJ was playing good music and it wasn't that crowded in front of the DJ booth where I like to be. We left after about 45 minutes not because it sucked but because we wanted to meet a friend and catch another club. If there's no special performance going on here, this club is like an item on a club hopping list.
3	I never really trust reviews for clubs just because I know it varies from night to night and also different promotional groups for each night. For this night it was a weeknight and they had Tyga guest performing. The promoter told us I could still get in with discounted rate by 12:30am but the bouncer kept us specifically in line until 12:35am... ended up having to pay $50, totally sucks.The club isn't anything crazy, it really reminds me of a strip club if anything. Crowd was mixed primarily black/white with a few token Asians. The crowd that night was a bit ratchet... some black girl tried to pick my pocket until I caught her. Other than that, it's one of the few remainly hip hop clubs that play some good club bangers.I did have a gripe with the DJ, not sure if it's just how hip hop clubs are nowadays but they literally only play like 1 min of each song and before u really get into it, they switch to another song. no transitions or anything, really rough mixes.
1	DEFINITELY DON'T GO!To be honest, 1Oak is ok.  I think the best part of the night was when we (3 girls) were escorted into the club without waiting in line and receiving drink tickets.  My girls and I stayed for approximately one hour before leaving and heading over to Marquee.  The crowd was on the older side.  I am almost hitting my 30's but I felt like I was the youngest in the club.  We even saw an older lady around her 60's walking around the club.  Not to be mean, but the crowd was on the ugly side.  I'm not saying I'm pretty but I would like to look at some good-looking people.  The music was mediocre as well.  There were some old school hip-hop, but it was just a mix of EDM with hip-hop and some weird mixes.  Not my thing.Oh, and here's the kicker:  The bartender would not give us regular tap water.  If we wanted water, we would have to pay $8.35 for a bottle of water.  Um ... no thank you.  That really turned us off.   Plus, what I cannot understand is where did the cents come from?!  I thought bars charge an even price so what's up with the 35 cents?  Yeah, I don't think I'll ever go back to 1Oak.  I cannot wait for Hakkasan to be open at MGM in April.
4	Had a blast here! Not complaining, lord knows I'm NOT, but the drinks are hella strong:)! Love that! Music bangin! Atmosphere was hella cool, definitely worthy of a check out. As always any spot can be a hit or miss so if you really want opinions on a spot to hang the best thing to do is go yourself.
4	Not the fanciest or largest Vegas club BUT they always have the hottest rising hip hop artists. I've been here to see Kendrick Lamar and 2 Chainzzzzzzzz and both times did not disappoint. They do come on pretty late but perform for a substantial amount of time. 1OAK could have a better entrance system though because it seems like everyone just crowds the front in a large half circle.
4	I finally found the secret to clubbing! Buy goddamn table service.After 5 years of sweating and grubbing in dancefloors, I finally witnessed the greatness of being escorted by the bouncer to your own table, having the club waitress (or clubtress, if I may) come to you and ask to make you a drink, and best of all, have girls come to YOU because you can offer a VIP seat and some free booze.Luxury man, let me tell you.The layout is very convenient with the tables laid out in a square around the dancefloor, which was very spacious and accommodating. The design is not as elegant and luxurious as its XS and Tryst counterparts though.I thoroughly enjoyed my opulent experience here. And we even got a great deal on the table ($600 for 2 bottles) which was a recipe for a good time. -----Distinguishing Factor: The bass in the dancefloor is insane. At one point my entire body was literally vibrating with the music. I've never felt such an intense bass before. Vegas baby!
2	This club was pretty small and super crowded, I think table service should be in order if you don't want to stand. Being that we had plenty of girls, it was pretty easy to get in and was offered free drink tickets. Can't complain!!!The music was good, but way too loud if you are in the middle of the dance floor. We left a little early and went to another club.
1	The club itself is pretty cool...but the way its run is just like a thuggish business model. I paid for bottle service this saturday, got in the club at 11:13 and by 11:59 I was in the back hall way being choked and head pushed into a wall by these fuckin thugs who work for the club..never used ant excessive force or any reason to be treated in that manner all I wanted was for an explanation and the manager to explain why one of there suppose leads was asking me to move my partty to the bar after only being there for 30mins and offering me 20 free drinks to leave the table, because someone had just paid more for our table and we needed to move....no manager ever came and all that happened was there bouncers came and used complete unneccesasary force.....this isn't over 1 oak club.
1	1 OAK ruined my 21st first ever legal clubbing and drinking experience. I was so so disappointed. Went on March 29 to see Kendrick Lamar peform. Our group had reserved a table for the night and didn't get seated until 2 hours later only to not receive our bottles becuase the systems couldn't authroize the credit cards (no, it didn't get declined). After literllay 3 or 4 hours of waiting, we wanted a refund and to just go, but our watiress was being SO rude and bratty. Had to talk to managers and the host and blah blah blah, just all around terrible.-Get there EARLY. Even if you have a table, the general admission line was way more organized than the reserved/bottle service line. We waited in a clusterfuck of people trying to get promoter's attention.-If you are seated in the back room- the tables and seating areas are TINY.-They play more old school hip hop in the back, and more main stream hip hop ratchet music in the main room-If you need a promoter, look up Kyle Warren on facebook (he was not our host and was not responsible for my terrible experience/but hooked it up at the pool).
1	I've been here several times and this club thinks it is a lot cooler than it actually is.  The service is shitty, the bouncers are cocky and the drinks are insanely overpriced (even by Vegas standards, I'm not some hillbilly).  We had a promoter and skipped to the front of the line, but it still took about twenty minutes to get in, maybe more.  If you don't have a way to skip the line and want to be corralled and shuffled through about 100 yards of lines, only to be shoved into a crowded dance floor that is hazy and smoky, with a fifteen dollar watered down drink in your hand, then you should definitely check this place out.  If you want bouncers to be rude, managers to be worse and bartendresses to be unattentive, then this is your place.  Yes, there are hot chicks dancing.  Yes, the music is good.  Yes, it is a nightclub.  But, if you want to go to a club where you can dance, drink, and chill with your people, go somewhere, anywhere else.  The only way I'd go here is to get a table and bottle service, so hopefully the staff would give you the god damn time of day.  Wouldn't hope for it, though, they seem more interested in how cool they look than actually serving the customers that pay their bills.  Also, check other reviews for how crappy their bottle service is.  On second thought, I'll just avoid this place.
3	Not your sprawling nightclub. Kind of compact and simple, music was a bit too hiphop for me (I prefer the EDM)
5	to much fun.
1	Our night started off at another location, but after the mood wasn't set quite right by the staff, we had started to look for another place to come and dance. I had pulled up The 1OAK website on my phone to get information, meaning what time they  open, music, and what not. I could not find a 'dress code' section on the website.We drove to the Mirage, and was instantly turned away by the doorman. Not because I was dressed poorly, but because I was in "flats".My designer, not cheap "flats"..........I would understand if I was in a pair of dirty flip flops, but I wasn't. I had told him that I recently had a procedure done, and he said that it didn't matter. WOW. Is your place ADA approved?????????? It was the "dress code", (that I can NOT find ANY where, might I add. I'm looking on my laptop right now.) Their dress code is not posted outside of the club, on their website, NO WHERE. He said that I would be a "liability" because I wasn't in heels and that the club has had "glass break."What? What does one even have to do with the other? I'd much rather step on broken glass in flats than high heels....or is that just me?I am absolutely disgusted that because I can not physically wear high heels that I, as a customer was turned away. That I was a "liability" because I was in flats, when I'm sure you know that some of these girls are a liability in themselves, because they can barely walk in those damn things! It's funny that the one thing I did find on their  website, was Rob Kardashian in a simple black tee, and a baseball cap, but I am not allowed to wear flats? ..............Pretty interesting dress code.I just wonder that if I would have brought a cane, or if my friend had pushed me in a wheel chair if I would've been turned away too, since I wasn't in heels. The doorman didn't even offer me a manager, or some one to speak to. I am surely disappointed, this, was truly a "1 Of A Kind" experience. I truly felt discriminated against, I never plan to return to 1OAK, and I plan on letting a lot of people know about it.I have contacted 1 OAK, and they said that they do plan on ***adding a dress code section to their website.... Something, in my opinion, should be posted anywhere and everywhere in the first place. ^^^^^^^^^*EDITED**  5/21/13*^^^^^^^^^^^^Here's the quote from their website,1 oak las vegas . com"Our Dress Code can be described as "upscale chic." Hats, t-shirts, chains, excessive jewelry, athletic wear, shorts, baggy attire, sunglasses, sandals/flats, and tennis shoes are not permitted. Entry is always at the doorman's discretion."Just keep in mind Rob Kardashian...... Black tee... baseball cap. This business isn't run correctly. It is very biased, and you would probably enjoy your time somewhere else... Take it from a local.Best of luck.
1	I don't like to write bad reviews but I don't want you to waste your $ on vacation. I came for a celebrities birthday party so I had a free pass in. The bouncers in suits look to be respectable professionals. No. Just low end security guards who think they're important. I felt sad for them. That's what they do for a living? Choose and pick who goes into a club? I was at the front of the line with the Papparazi so I just sat back and observed since I had a free pass. They were rude to couples who had paid in advanced online. The couple claimed they waited 2 hrs. I met a very sweet fella in line who was getting in the face of the bouncers saying just coz he came alone they wouldn't let him in and he's been waiting for hours. The Papparazi were more well behaved than the 15-20 bouncers trying to maintain the crowds. There were lines everywhere. As long as their were 2 or more girls that walked up. The bouncers let them in. They all looked the same. Cocktail dresses and heels. Only difference was a different color and different face. I felt bad for the guy earlier and grabbed him. Told the bouncers he's with me so I let him beyond the velvet ropes.  I saved this guy an outrages cover charge with my pass. I'm glad he didn't have to pay since he wasn't treated well. Inside was nothing special. It's like every other club in Down Town San Diego. All those pack of girls the bouncers let in were just sitting on the chairs looking bored. The dance floor was packed and we danced a few. I observed a bouncer being rude to patrons yelling and pushing them on the dance floor. Man I so wanted to slam him on the floor!  I did like the little flame throwers the waitresses had. The celebrities bday performance was great. The club gave him a nice bday cake. When I left the club 4 AM there were still people outside trying to get inside. I so wanted to tell them. It's not worth it. Don't waste your time. If you are a celebrity this review doesn't pertain to you. They will be nice but anyone else. Spend your hard earned money somewhere else
2	I've been to Vegas numerous times and to nightclubs all around the world so I am by no means a newbie to this scene. Club is smaller than I was expecting, which sometimes is ok. But the design of it doesn't allow for a lot of people on the dance floor. This led to a ton of drunk people shoving into each other getting pissed. I've never seen so many fights almost break out. Dudes were just giving the evil eye to me and my friends, it was a weird vibe. I left at 2am cause I was so over it. Bottle service would probably have been a different experience but if I'm gonna spend the money I'll have a table at Marquee or Surrender.
4	Came here with a couple of my friends since we were in the mood for some hiphop. Nice to get out of the whole edm scene once in a while so the music was great. The place was not too packed and it looked quite clean. The alcohol was normally priced, the typical 8 dollar beers and 12-15 dollar mixed drinks. The club is located in the Mirage and considering the hotel was dated, I figured the club wouldn't be too great either but the place was neat and looked fairly new. Had a great time from what I could remember and this place is an OK in my book. 4 stars. Happy yelping!
4	Originally I rated this club 5 stars but now it's a 4. I asked one of their promoters to place me on the guestlist a week in advance for a major event/weekend (not going to blast her name even though I should). I confirmed with her more than once leading up to the day to assure that we would be good to go. We waited in the guestlist line and when we went to check in with the guestlist moderator, she said they were only accepting names from the corporate guestlist and that I wasn't on it. I called my promoter and she did not answer the phone. It would've been nice for the promoters to have informed us of this beforehand as well as the line moderators. Had I known they were only doing corporate when we first entered the line, it would've still been early enough in the evening to find somewhere else to go. There were hundreds on guestlist and even guests who had reserved TABLES that were turned away. I was so, so disappointed! This is still my favorite club for right now but I'll definitely never come here on an event night again. Nobody seemed to know what they were talking about. I honestly believe I was turned away because of a ratio situation.
1	Awful.It was the first night of my Bachelorette when we decided to try One Oak after being solicited to come via social media. My group and I were offered free drinks for joining the mailing list while waiting, which we did. After waiting in the first line for a while, we were sent to a second line only to be held up for a long period of time because the bouncer was harassing the poor girl in front of us who had an Epi - Pen. HELLO! That's awful, and horrible business practice. We finally got in to the ridiculously crowded club after being pushed my bouncers on the way in. After waiting at the bar for 10 minutes, we were told our free drink tickets only could be used at the other bar in the back (would have been nice if they told us that in the first place). We finally make it back to the back bar and were waiting for drinks while being pushed so many times by bouncers! I get it, you need to keep the walkways clear, but if there is nowhere to go it's totally inappropriate to keep pushing a group of women. We finally gave up after being snubbed by the bartender for 20 minutes and left. I was so pissed that my two guy friends paid $60 collectively to be snubbed and pushed for an hour. I sent an angry tweet at One Oak, they responded immediately to me trying to correct the issue. I sent them an email as their request outlining my experience and they said someone would get back to me shortly, BUT NEVER DID. Way to follow up with horrible customer service too.
1	This was the trashiest experience I've ever had anywhere and I never even made it inside the club. I called during the week to put my friend and I on the guest list. The woman I spoke with was so nice that it left me excited to check out this place for the first time. When my friend and I arrived in Vegas this past Saturday I saw someone set up at a One Oak table outside The Mirage and I asked him to double check that we were on the guest list. He said if someone said they put you on it, you're on it, but here take these VIP passes just in case something went wrong. We get there Saturday night and we get on line. I was starting to get a little uncomfortable because the people arriving and getting on the line with us were very sketchy looking. I almost decided to leave at one point because I wasn't even feeling safe after awhile. I thought we should at least go in and check it out, have a drink and then go. The security/bouncers were each holding a list (there were a ton of them, and the line by the way was not that long). I feel like they try to make this place a bigger deal then it is. So they're walking back and forth, looking at the list, looking at the crowd, looking at the list , looking at the crowd. Was a very odd thing, I'm not quite sure what they were doing lol. We finally get to the front of one part of the line (there were many parts lol) and they ask us our names. I give him my name, and he says I'm sorry you're not on here. I said we just waited 45 minutes to learn we're not on the list?  He said I'm sorry, I can't let you in if you're not on here. At this point I was so annoyed that we were now being turned away and told we couldn't get into a place that I really wasn't sure I wanted to enter anyway. But to be kept waiting all that time without checking the list was ridiculous. I spoke to a couple of people and they just kept shooing us away. Finally I said have you seen the people on line?? We are two classy girls in dresses you should be happy we want to come in! lol Anyway, everyone was rude and pretentious that worked there, not a friendly face in site. Apparently it was a Chris Brown birthday party event and they said that's why they were being so strict with the list. I'm not a Chris Brown fan that's for sure but do you really need to be that strict for Chris Brown?? I think he might have been happier to see us than the crew that was on line. But who knows, maybe not. I showed the bouncer the VIP tickets the guy from the afternoon front table gave us and he said oh these don't work tonight. Yes, of course they don't.  They really should be a little nicer, and keep the gang looking crowds out..Oh well, nothing can ruin a night in Vegas , was just an hour or so wasted. :)
2	What a mess.  Luckily we ended up getting a table and having a private area and bottle service which was fine.  BUT... the hour before that happened was a nightmare.  This place is ran so poorly compared to the 10+ other nightclubs I've been to in Vegas.The music is 90% hip hop and the crowd is much older and trashier.  So many people were here in khakis shorts and flip lops.  We were confused.This establishment will never be a stable in the nightclub world like many of the others are and I will not be back!
1	I was recently in Vegas with a few friends and we decided to go to 1 Oak nightclub, which some of us had visited before and had a good time at.  Our friends were staying at the Mirage so they went down early (8:30 PM) and got in line because it was a large group of males and they were told cover would continue to rise as the night went on.After they had been in line an hour and half my girlfriend and I met them.  They were still not in the club, but about 30th in line.  The whole group was dressed and ready to go out.  The girls had little black dresses on, hair done, make-up done, looking good!  The boys were all clean looking and dressed nicely as well.  Just as we are about to go in one of the workers informed me that everyone has to be in heels to come in.  I was not.  A week prior to coming to Vegas I broke several toes and part of my foot.  There was no way I could wear heels and my doctor informed me to only wear a boot.  Not thinking the boot was Vegas material I left it at home in order to look good going out.  On top of going in the girls would also have to pay $30 cover.  I go to Vegas about 5 times a year, every year and have NEVER paid a cover.I was informed that because of my sandals I would not be able to be let in the club.  This is so ridiculous!  Girls in front of us inline were in K-Mart leggings and Old Navy tank tops and hadn't showered in days, but because they put heels on they were OK to go in.  I physically cannot wear heels!  I have a friend who can never wear heels because she had back surgery when she was little.  This is complete discrimination!Keep in mind I had expensive, nice, strappy sandals, that were not flip-flops!  They had a back strap and diamonds on them.  What do you define as a heel?  Is there a certain height it must be?  My sandals have about a 1 cm heel to be honest.  My friends had wasted close to two hours trying to get into the club and we could no longer go in.  I can also guarantee that I will never return or recommend this club again.
2	Seating was over priced club was too crowded drink were way too expensive, the most I paid all night!
1	I'd give it 0 stars if it were possible. This club absolutely RUINED my friend's bachelorette party because they refused her very valid ID (the same driver's license the TSA accepted at the airport). She's 29 years old and her license photo was taken when she was 25 and had been highlighting her hair so she looked more blonde. They couldn't comprehend that a woman might change her hair color, so they said her ID was invalid and wouldn't let her in. It was ridiculous! The bouncer was extremely rude and condescending to a group of nine women (all of whom were 29 and above). All of us were dressed to meet the dress code and most looked liked models. We were on a VIP Club Crawl and this was the first stop. As a result, we had to abandon the tour -- unless we wanted to sit around outside for more than an hour waiting for the rest of the tour group to move on to the next stop.My poor friend was nearly in tears and so embarrassed by these people. I wouldn't step foot inside that club if they offered me a million dollars. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!
3	My girls surprised me and took me to 1 Oak for part 2 of my bachelorette weekend. We had a table section shared with another group of people. The music was techno for the first 2 hours which really gave me a headache. I'm a hip hop/r&B person. However, around 1am the music and DJ changed to the hip hop songs!!! I loved it. Everyone was partying. The room had smoke and snow stuff flowing from the ceiling. It was a lot of fun. The security made sure to check stamps so that the VIP area didn't get too crowded. Wiz Khalifah was there the night I was and some of Chris Brown's crew. That was cool. I would give it more stars if they didn't play the techno so much. Also, the bathroom attendants were on point. They helped to regulate the flow so there was never a line.
1	One oak is the worst club ever in las vegas. I had wayyy more fun at pure inside of ceasars palace. We bought a booth for $2700 at One oak and they kicked us out halfway through the night. If you want to waste your money go to the oak and get kicked out of the club all night long. Instead save your money and go to LAX or pure. Seriously.
5	1OAK Nightclub is a fun place to party at! We danced to Hip-Hop & Top 40 All night long! We had a mixed group of guys & girls...had no problem getting in. We were treated to a Special guest performance by NeYo! Even Popped some  bottles with some celebrities! Overall we had a great experience at this nightclub in the Mirage hotel & casino!! We will be back soon!
1	Rude workers, no vibe, poor dancers.  I was supposed to me comped from Mirage casino, but they made me pay $30 and did not even check the list.  Inside, the dJ mix just did not excite me.  The previous club Jet is 10 times better.  The dancers smiled and the people were better dancers and more passionate.  This place will not last in its current state.
4	This was my 3rd stop of the night so I was pretty close to being wasted by the time I got here.  I walked in, went straight to the bar, got a drink, went to the dance floor, and pretty much stayed there the rest of the time I was there.  The place was jam-packed so I literally had to stay in that one spot I found on the dance floor.  I had a great time inside... but like I said before, I was under the influence, so that may have been why.
4	***VIP Review***If I was coming in to 1OAK all natural (no guest list, no VIP, no bottle service), it would probably be 2-3 stars at best.  However, the birthday boy and his friends who I came with hooked us up so I sat my pretty little self down and rested my feet in heels.  As a woman, when you get a chance to sit down in your heels at the club and there's no time limit, you take advantage of that!! So I did, ALL NIGHT.We had free drink tickets so we got free Skyy Vodka drinks.  Fine by me.  Beggers cant be choosy and I'll down a drink with Skyy Vodka, no problem.I "liked" the fact that there was pole dancers, but did not enjoy that the only thing they did was walk around the pole and swing their hair around.  Anyone can do that.  If there's going to be poles, I want to see tricks!!  I get you'll be up there all night, but do a few tricks, rest and dance around the pole.  Do a few tricks, rest and dance around the pole....The DJ could not make up his mind on what to play and that's why I stated 2-3 stars at best.  He started off with hip hop and I was like Yaaaaasss!  Then it switched to techno/house/ whatever that shit was.  Then he'd go back to hip hop and I was like Yaaaaasss but then realize, wait he played this song already.  Then back to techno.  Too much of jumping around.  As soon as I got comfy with the music, he switched it up.The guy letting people in was really a douche/asshole.  There was a mix up with our tickets we had with one of the ladies in our party and took our tickets, threw them, and said you're good go in.  But with her, he was rude AF and was like wrong ticket, got real snippy, and bypassed her for the next person.  We got it sorted out but no thanks to him.
4	This place was awesome. Loved the music (hip hop / rap). Getting a drink was easy. Loudest music I've heard at a club. It was sweet
4	awesome music!  really enjoyed partying here on Thursday night.  I also had 2 free cranberry vodka drinks.  mehehe  :)
4	I lost my white iPhone 5 here and even though it was upsetting, I can't regret the fun I had being in this club. If you're a hip hop person, this is THE place to be. It looks good when you're in line -- with the nice, black walls but it looks even better when you get in (when it's empty still)! The only thing I didn't like was that it was small. I would've loved it even more if it didn't get so packed; otherwise, it was an amazing time! The best part? They had a table specifically for ladies with free Vodka all night long! It saved me money and time! They had VERY good customer service as well. There was only another group of ladies at the table, but I'm sure it's because they don't want to advertise it. Otherwise.... everyone would be in it! The table was right next to Sean Paul's table too! 1OAK would definitely be the club to hit up every single time I'm in Vegas. I LOVED the music! (If you're from the bay area, this will definitely be your scene. Just saying.)P.S. Gary Truman is an excellent host with great customer service!
1	Every interaction with employees was terrible. $15 Wells. Horrible DJ. Only thing that saved our night was leaving and hitting up chateau. Avoid unless you have free entry AND drinks...free cover alone is not reason enough to waste your Vegas evening.
4	Okay so this 1 OAK is different from the NY location in that it is not AS exclusive, it is still a bit exclusive but in NY the doormen really don't wanna let you in most cases.  I gotta walk in with 2 Chainz or Curtis Jackson to get some real attention.  THE Las Vegas location was cool, managed to head there on a friday and got to see a Sean Paul performance.  I know, where has this guy been.  He looks so different now but when he got on the stage, sounded just the same.  I had a great time here, was looking forward to the night, at first though the doormen did make my group wait outside for a bit.  It was close to midnight but not there yet, probably we were on the bad ratio thing for Vegas (3 guys, 1 female).  We finally got in once a guy who seemed like a big whig just said let them in, still had to pay the $40 entrance fee.  It was worth it though, I am a cheap person that never likes to pay a cover of 30 or 40 anywhere but this night was special, we were in LAS VEGAS and we were really lookin to have a good time.  My friends and I split up met a bunch of new people, got all this dancing in, then of course met back up right before Sean Paul hit the stage and got our drinks to enjoy for the night.  The Dj was playin some really good stuff even after Sean Paul did his 5 or 4.5 song appearance.  Me and my group were looking for some hip hop, we did not wanna pay $30 for Haze and listen to 90% techno that night.  Drinks were expensive but that is how it is. I got Rum and coke a few of them, then someone from VIP starting passing out the rest of their bottles so my friends and I took pics with all this extra booze (mostly Vodka).  Still got a little bonus in that free liquor, had a great night, met some nice women from Sacramento area, it was worth just going out that night, even though I don't like to spend that much money on drinks (16 or 18 was the standard for any mixed drink).  Sean Paul did bring out a crowd the place was packed, like I said I was doin okay for night, my boy was meeting some nice white girls and his other friend too found some nice hispanic girls and the female we were with was doing her thing too chatting up with some fellas.  All in all a perfect night, I didn't even get tired until like 7am that morning, we shut that bitch down like 5 am they closed, then did some walking around on the strip.  Thanks, Vegas for another good time in the clubs here.
3	This review was for a Thursday night.There was a good amount of people, but the dance floor was tiny.I can't imagine fitting everyone on a busier Friday or Saturday night...This was previously called JET, and I really don't see anything different.Drink prices are high, even on a Thursday night.
1	I went over there on Tuesday. Bellow I will put all reasons why I didn't like it.1. There was more males than females but they kept accepting guys in club. Very unprofessional2. I was texting when a Boucher came over I said that I had to take away my device (wtf?!!) 3. In my whiskey and cola I barely could feel whiskey.
1	I went to Vegas this past weekend with 5 other girls.  Not to be cocky, but we ALL were hot (Ive been to Vegas before with some not so hot girls, and we def didnt get the same attention).  As soon as we landed we were approached by promoters (in the airport) for clubs to attend that Fri and Sat night.  We had an amazing time at Tao Friday night, however Saturday was a different story at 1 Oak.   It started off, with us girls attending a Day Pool party, one of our girls was approached by a promoter, MICHAEL GRIMES,  to get us to come to 1Oak that night.  We had a list of other clubs to choose from, but we chose 1Oak to go to because the promoter was hottt, and liked my friend.  He said he would walk us in, get us in free, and have us sitting in VIP.   ...so we arrive to 1oak and some random girls asked us if we wanted to get in, because their friend had VIP.  Coincidentally they mentioned Michael.  We thought, oh cool...thats the guy that was gonna get us in!   so we get in free, get into a seated VIP section, we didnt mind that the other 2 random girls were there.  It was a little wierd that Michael was acting as if he didnt know my friend, when all along they were texting the whole evening.  Then 10 minutes into us getting there, Michael comes and tells us that we need to be moved to a different area.  He proceeds to walk us to the regular dance floor, and leaves us there.  We kind of looked at each other not knowing what to do.  Did we want to stay at this club or leave??  Was he coming back for us?? We end up moving to the bar area......and next thing we know MICHAEL GRIMES comes and tells us that he kicked us out of the VIP area because we looked like "horse shit".   WOW!  was definitely not what were were expecting. He was the most condescending, rude bastard I have ever met.  It really put a bad taste in our mouth, and made our night horrible.  To tell women, that they are ugly...is an insult that is for immature little boys.   I will never ever go to this club again because of MICHAEL GRIMES!!!!!  Women beware!!!!!!
4	First off, I must say when I come here, I'm usually at a table, but have been here twice without and still had fun!  I love dancing, so give me a good beat and I'm good to go. I love this place! I was just here on Thursday with my friends and we all had a great time!  When we arrived, the place was a little slow, but as the song says, at 11:30 the club is "Jumpin' Jumpin'" and it was by that time. The music was wayy better than other clubs I have been to in the past.  I love hip hop mixes- they're so fun to dance to.  Then when the DJ takes it back, everyone is on their feet singing and dancing.  You can catch my friends and me dancing the dance of that time!   Good times are to be had here!Staff were super nice and actually quite funny at times.  The security guard made sure no one unexpected showed up to our table, or came to be a bother.  He was totally cool.  He also gave us  light up batons, which was a goal to get that night. Nothing but good vibes and a good time here!
4	Friends are in town and it's time to go out! I got some comps set up for us for the club and we all had a blast! Drank too much... but still had a blast! =) One of the last times we went there was a security guy for our table. He introduced himself to us and was super friendly and REALLY on point. We were moving tables and he stopped me and was like You have two girls in the bathroom right? I'll make sure they get over to you. WOW. He actually noticed that. Haha. It's a freakin' good time with good music. GET IT!
3	Enjoyed this club, Love the music here! Drinks were PRICEY. it was $85 for 5 fake AMFS because they dont have the liquor to make an amf...or whatever...but liked the music a lot here. =)
4	One of A Kind is a great club the atmosphere was awesome wish I could say the same about their drinks but nope they were weak! The dance floor wasn't as big as I thought it would be but  it was ok. They have a separate dance floor for hip hop and it's also quiet pleasant.
5	Absolutely LOVED getting bottle service here!! I can see where the bad reviews come from but it's a completely different experience if you fork out the money for bottles!   VERY decent prices for bottles- got an amazing hook up by Jacob! The DJ was great! Played a mix of hip hop and house but spun them so they mixed well! Came here on a Friday so DJ karma was the one who mixed for us. All the hostesses were pretty nice except one she was rude but I can't knock the club for one rude girl. The security patrolling the bottle service was totally on top of things so we didn't have to deal with all the drunks trying to comp a free seat in our area. Definitely would come back for bottle service- the crowd in the bottle service area is completely different than the crowd in the bar/dance floor area.
2	1Oak is an example of good marketing. They promote huge events, but the experience you will have here is less than satisfactory. This is a great place to go if you want to run into club rats who have nothing better to do than party everyday and pay for over priced drinks. The bouncers here seem to have a grudge against life and continuously hassle patrons for little to no reason. If you have no substance or standards regarding the type of people you hang around, throw on an Ed Hardy shirt and head over to this over hyped, crowded room.The second star is strictly because they play good music.
3	Dude it's Vegas. Don't complain about the prices otherwise you are wasting your time at the strip. Try the out skirts. Penny slots and you will have a blast.The DJ was sick. Straight out, the mix kept the place poppin' and you didn't want to sit-not that there is anywhere to sit. The drinks were strong, there was plenty of room to dance and the crowd was very good looking. Place worth checking out. PS do not mess with the security guards, they are not patient
5	Nothing like this place. Never fails. Best night of our lives, basically. Table right behind the dj booth, the music was 2nd to NONE, great crew and Hanna Kim/JT made sure we were having the time of our lives! I love that this place has a sense of humor.. The creative bottle presentations will make you laugh hysterically, unique/cool venue and even cooler staff. Be back soon- love, team Atlanta
5	My absolute favorite nightclub I've been to in Vegas! Found the best promoter, chez +1 (505) 514-7944. He meet you at the front, gets free entry for guys and girls with even ratio. And gets girls free drink tickets. Bar is always quick to make drinks, dance floor gets going quick as well! Chez is the man!!
1	A mix up with the guest list kinda mest us up, but it's Vegas and I appreciate the condolences from the ppl in front of the line... Ok place... I guess, never stayed there except fat Tuesdays.. Bomb. Round 2 n hit up PURE. I guess.. Forget guest list for 1 oak.
1	Nicky Romero is performing for Labor Day! ...NOT.They said he was gonna come out at 1 am, then switched it to 2:30 am...they kept stalling and greeting people happy birthday.but eventually we saw on twitter that he landed in Vegas at 3 am. Club closes at 4, do u expect me to pay $60 to see Nicky for 15 minutes?Shady management. Also, the sound system kept cutting in and out. Invest in real equipment please.
1	"We need ladies to wear heels in this club due to safety concerns of glass on floor." Are you kidding me!? Wearing closed toe flats will be safety hazard and wearing open toe high heels will prevent you from getting hurt!!? And the men will be just fine in their shoes!?What kind of an absurd rule is this!!!? This club needs to seriously hire people who have some brains to talk sense! Someone needs to sue this club for objectifying women like this and harassing them.
1	This place is WACK!  Me and a girlfriend stayed at the Mirage the weekend of August 23rd.  Saturday night we spoke to the concierge of 1OAK who was stationed right outside the hotel.  He gave us these cards with a number scribbled on them and told us that since we were guests of the hotel that we would gain free entry and that ladies drink for free until midnight but that we must wear high heels.  Well we did get in free...after standing in multiple lines and going through like 15 checkpoints. But when we got to the bar, we found out that drinks were indeed not free. Oh, and ladies if you are wearing heels and your feet get tired you can forget about finding a place to sit.  EVERY table/chair was reserved for a "private party".  And the music:  can we get something other than Techno?  I'm sure this is the case with most of the clubs on the strip but, can we at least mix it up?My girlfriend and I ended up leaving 1OAK and going to the club at the Flamingo.  It was $15 to get in band it wasn't nearly as posh looking but at least we could drink free all night, the music was better and they actually have these weird things called...um let's see...CHAIRS.
2	1 Oak is just okay. It doesn't really float my boat. 1 Oak took over JET and, really, my friends and I call it JET 2.0, and what happened to JET, it closed!  What I do like about 1Oak is that it isn't EDM infested. Don't get me wrong, I love my electronic music, but sometimes you want to be in a club and sing along and to a tempo of less than 140 BPM! A good mixture of hip-hop, R&B, Top 40, and mainstream dance mixes. So, there is that. My real beef is with how crappily (is that even a word) the club is laid out. The dance floor is SUPER DUPER tiny. The rest of the space is filled up with a bunch of tables that are never sold. This club has more of a lounge feel than a club feel.There are only two bars and both are located along walkways, so they are super cluttered and super compacted. This club is really only super enjoyable if you have a table. It's rare I say this about a place, but that's just the facts here.This place would be so much better if they layout was better. Otherwise, it is pretty much hell. So much hell that my friend and I ended up leaving early halfway through Ke$ha's set.There is also rumor that they don't like people who aren't a size two, which makes sense since there is NO room to move around. Discrimination isn't cute 1 Oak. Not cool at all.
1	My only experience of this sad excuse for a nightclub happened as follows:1. Show up on time, with a guestlist reservation. Door guys tell us we'll be walked in.1. A girl in our group was wearing casual sandals. We were told that sandals are not allowed inside because of their glass floor, so our one girl went back to the hotel room to change.2. While that girl was changing, a random door guy came up to us and said "my manager decided that tonight no flats at all will be worn," which translates to "we don't want you in our club because we're dicks." You don't allow flats at all? Even fancy, black, studded and expensive flats? Don't you know that girls who dance the most wear flats?!3. 10 cute, dressed up and excited girls left and went SOMEWHERE ELSE to get our drinks.Don't even bother.
1	The security was super rude. My friend was in the bathroom throwing up. She's slightly allergic to alcohol, her kidneys can't process it very well because she lacks an enzyme to digest it properly but it's her 21st birthday, so we came to dance. She came out her stall perfectly fine: coherent, nice, 98% ready to dance. Security wasn't having it. And escorted us out when we paid for bottle service, and had VIP entrance. The lady who wad adamant that we leave, simply refused to give us her name. When I asked why she wouldn't give us her name, and that we had the rights to know, she ran. Completely unprofessional.
3	Though it wasn't the 1 Of A Kind experience that is advertised, I did have a positive experience here.  A promoter got us free entry (sorry dudes), and while there was a bit of a wait to get inside, it wasn't an ungodly amount of time.  Really liked that the dance floor was kind of sunken, to keep it away from the areas where people were just chilling with drinks.  Very large space to dance in, even with the massive amounts of people.  Music: was poppin'! They played a lot of hip-hop and ratchet music.  I'm an EDM fan at heart, but I do like to make that booty bounce once in a while.  Decent club, but it was still pretty average.  I mean, I've been to better venues in San Diego, so why settle for a night that is average in Vegas?
2	We were here right when they opened as the first stop on one of the Vegas Club Crawls.  Really we just wanted to check out a couple of the clubs to see what they were like.  I was excited to go to 1OAK because it's touted as "hot".  Okay.First, it kind of pissed me off that with the four billion rules to get in with the fact you can bring pretty much nothing in with you but you ID, money and four inch heels, there they were letting people in wearing jeans and flat boots or flip flops.  If you have a rule, use it.  If not, I would have worn flats!  OUCH!Anyway, we walked right in, and didn't pay since it was included in our "crawl".  We got to be first at the bar... YEA!  First to buy $10 beers.  Then we danced on the TEEEEENY dance floor.  It does look cool in there and I'm sure if you buy a table, it's probably a lot of fun, but if you're only there for an hour, you aren't going to buy a table and the place is just too damn small.  Didn't care for it.  Plus, it's so lame to make people buy a bottle of water versus just giving them a glass of water form the bar.  That ticks me off, so I left a little early and went oand got water at the Mirage's lobby bar.  Buhbye 1Oak.  I won't be back.
3	Meh....Much better clubs in Vegas IMO. We had a nice table on the dance floor, ordered 4 bottles. Service kinda sucked, waitress was never around after she delivered our bottles. DJ kinda sucked too, I could have done better I think. The high point of the evening was looking up an realzing Jenny McCarthy was standing right next to me :)Bottom line, there are better MUCH clubs in Vegas, especially if you are going to drop $2000+ in bottle service.
3	1-Oak Nightclub, denoted One of a Kind, is inside the Mirage Casino & Resort.  This venue was formerly called Jet Nightclub.  This club is best on Tuesday for locals night and just okay on the weekend.    The nightclub is about 16,000 sq. ft. with two rooms which each have different music and three full-service bars.  There is an Avalon Sound state of the art sound and lighting system that is supposed to be the cream of the crop in the Sound/Lighting world and I must say it's pretty snazzy.  They notoriously have the most unorganized front door set up and I couldn't even tell you a good strategy because they are constantly changing the set up, it just frustrates me.  Once you get in, the club experience is decent.  Average "Vegas" drink prices of $15 each, good looking crowd with a mix of 2:1 girl:guy ratio, and some of the best looking go-go girls in Vegas.Expect to see Vegas socialites, sports players, and celebrities visiting 1-Oak every weekend.  The music is a mash up of Top-40 radio hits, Commercial Hip-Hop, and Commercial EDM so most guests will have something to dance to.
4	Arrive with a large group on a party bus. No waiting vip entrance. The club was completely dead. It was 11pm when we arrive. The layout was nice. Had about 8 gogo dancers by each booth. Each girl was hot. We started ordering drinks. $15 each. Within 30 mins the place was pack and gogo dancers hop on the pole and did they thing. The music was great. Lots of mixture or hiphop to techno/house. Sound system was very good. Overall great club. Lots of female also. We was there for about an hour only. Wouldnt mind coming back.
1	If I could it would be 0 Stars. This place is the most horrific club ever in Vegas. Why is it in Vegas?! It's so unclean, ghetto, and a big no-no! Checked this place out this past week for the first time just because I wanted to try a new club in Vegas. I think i'll just stick to Marquee, Hakkasan and all the clubs that are considered to be Vegas clubs!
4	First off- the DJ is awesome! The drinks were a little pricy but it's Vegas so it's understandable. The only thing I really didn't like was that it is extremely crowded and the dance floor is pretty small. Other than that, it was a lot of fun on a Saturday night. I would recommend this club.
1	Don't come here! This place is a joke. The bouncers are douche bags.  There were 3 bouncers standing around and not letting anybody in. No service here. Go somewhere else that will appreciate your time. I left after 5 min and went to the Bank. Marquee is also good too.
5	UNDERRATED! I love Vegas but I cannot fist pump all night so 1OAK is my hip hop/rnb spot to get a break from the usually edm. We had a group of 11 girls that were in town for an epic bachelorette weekend and the bride to be wanted to get bottle service here. I hit up my contacts months in advance to ensure we'd get the best deal. Needless to say, our promoter hooked it up! With us being 11 girls in color coordinated outfits, we got seated right on the dance floor which is prime real estate =). They only had the resident dj there that night but it didn't matter. We ended up getting 4 bottles of grey goose/belvedere. Our hostess was super cute and sweet. She definitely came around to make sure we always had a drink but they were not forcing us to down our drinks and get more bottles. At the end of the night, we ending up giving away a bottle since we didn't finish it. The security guards we're great too! They looked out for our party when some of us went to the bar. They even came to check on us when we ended up lingering outside of bottle service for too long. They made sure our stuff was safe while we out and about. 1OAK you have ruined it for me, I cannot imagine going to Vegas and not getting bottle service anymore. Most people would expect us to go somewhere new or more popular but the crowd is diverse and you don't have to be on E to enjoy the music. Can't wait until my next trip!
3	I was pleasantly surprised with this club. We had a table and the waitresses were great!Yes its a smaller club, but we has plenty of room to dance. The bouncer also didn't regulate on us when we danced on the platforms. I would come back to 1oak.again as I truly did have a good time. There just wasn't anything that wowed me. I wish I could give them 3.5 stars though for the pleasant employees and music.
1	Careful ask for receipt before ordering bottle service. Was quoted 2500 for 4 bottles. They bait and switched and ended up 12k . We walked out careful unethical business. We also had the text with promoter with the quoted price.
5	I like to write reviews when the others on yelp were not consistent with my experience. This was a fun club with good music hip hop / top 40 not all EDM. We used a VIP service and skipped the line (see review for My Las Vegas VIP) was great. Yes drinks were expensive but that is everywhere in Vegas. $15 for "well cape cod" but their well was grey goose. It was also a hefty pour as they were not cheap with the booze.The girl who got her phone stolen and gave one star... That's not fair... Your fault for leaving your purse while you go dance. Your lucky your purse was still there. To the girl who was bugged because they wouldn't let her in in flats... It's Vegas girl... You gotta put your big girl party pants on and wear heels. Hello... Girls are not as cute in flats. Their website clearly states their dress code which requires heels. Yes foam and confetti comes down frequently but you can tell when it is going to happen so you cover your drink. I would go back. If your in a group I recommend bottle service so you can sit.
3	I'd say this 3 star is really more of a 3.5 star but, 1OAK is in Vegas and as such gets graded on a Vegas scale, and to that end, it's just mediocre. I've been here several times, with and without bottle service, and 1OAK  doesn't really stand out. As a club in Vegas, I understand that your drinks are going to be pricey, I accept it, I would however like some vodka in my screwdriver if it's not too much of a hassle. It's also the only club in Vegas where even when I have bottle service I get hassled. I'm paying specifically to not get hassled and to have my own area, but they put the tables so close to one another. This is good if the next group is fun, but sucks when they're buzzkillsThe good part of this club though is that even though it's small, it certainly does try. I've seen several people perform here and haven't had any issues with getting in. They also have a semi residency with major lazer, and I love them almost as much as bacon  The club is also open on Tuesdays, which I like because if I'm in a club mood on Tuesday, I have a place. The bottle service here also isn't as expensive as most on the strip and I have gotten a decent amount of comps here. My final say is that if this place wasn't in Vegas, like if it was in San Diego or Sacramento it would be the toast of the town, but since it's in Vegas, it becomes just another club
1	I am a Las Vegas native born and raised 3rd generation and I am just extremely exhausted at the way the nightclubs here treat young black women. Granted there is a major issue with prostitution in Las Vegas but not every black girl is a prostitute. I am assuming that's what they thought when they denied me service last night because there couldn't have been any other reason for them to tell me " we are private property and I'm going to have to deny service to you today"... What? I looked pretty decent, not overtly sexy, But sexy enough for a nightclub. I have money, when they first told me it was $40 a person I said I had no problem then after they heard that they just flat out refused to let me in. I am a successful working model so I know I am attractive. But, I do not use my appearance for gain. I am a down-to-earth successful person who would like to have a little respect in my home town and not be treated as a criminal because I am an attractive black women. I have ran into this issue way too many time here in Las Vegas and it is time for a change. Oddly, any other state I have traveled to, about 40 states total, I have never had a problem getting in anywhere. Yet, my own home town I can barley walk the strip without being carded and having my information ran to check if I am a prostitute. This has to stop! Thanks 1 Oak for making me feel completely inadequate. I hope you feel good about yourself. Oh and to add insult to injury they made the black guy come tell me I could not go in. LOL I bet he enjoyed that. It's really sad that there is racism still in 2013.
1	Warning go if you want to feel like cattle being moved around or suffocate from way to many people down on the pit of a dance floor.Let me start with the good. The music is without a doubt good... lot's of hip hop and dance music with great mixing so kudos to the DJ. The decor is nice and the bartenders make strong drinks. I'm from New York and there's a lot of clubs to choose from any night of the week so I notice when things aren't done right... The wait to get in the club was insanely long and I was on the VIP line! There were three lines!!! One to get through the front door. Another to give the entry pass and the last to show ID. I'm confused... am I going to the airport or a club?? Straight to the bar once inside and that took forever. I just want a drink people! The night just started. It's not even 11pm but it's chaotic before we even hit the dance floor. Finally after getting our drinks we head to the dance floor or should I call it the pit. It's sunk down in the middle of the club. It's so packed you can't move so forget trying to get to another part of the floor. It's empty outside around the dance floor but don't bother heading around there. All of security is there moving  people along like cattle. That's all security was doing in fact... forget the fact that the dance floor is dangerously over flowing with people. I even heard other people refer to being treated like cattle... you know that's bad. Sorry but don't waste my time on lines, take my money,  not even give me space to dance and herd me around like a cow. I went to Pure... beautiful, great music and spacious.
3	Decent.I came here twice, and they wouldn't have gotten my service if I wasn't offered free entry with Skyy tickets from the promoters outside.  They have good music, I'll give that to them. But when I've went, the crowd was old. It doesn't have a big dance floor either, so if you're looking to groove, you'll get elbowed. It's a good place to pre-game though, I appreciate the free drinks!
1	This place is so foul. I went with a few of my girlfriends. Side note; We all love the 1OAK in New York so what better way to spend the weekend then getting cray in Vegas. We walked in for approximately 30 minutes before we all knew what a tragic mistake we had made....1) It's in the Mirage...you know, that hotel on the strip that you've never been to because the lobby looks like a methadone clinic in the Bronx...yes, that one.2) The DJ was playing top 40...from 2009. Doesn't a prerequisite of top 40 music (as awful as it already is) require that it be the current year?3) The tables in the main room cost more than a table in New York...the main room is the only place to have a table. They tried to put us in a side room that was incredibly lame. 4) The crowd is awful. The doorman treated my group of girlfriends like celebrities because of how disgusting the other women here were. Not fun to have to mingle with these sort of people. 5) It's in Vegas...Vegas is disgusting. All said and done, you can do much better if you're looking to go to a nightclub in Vegas. Try The Bank in the Bellagio if you want a venue more similar to 1OAK in New York...although even that's a stretch. Definitely NOT one of a kind.
5	I love this place. If you are from SJ AND like the music from Temple this is the place to be. The size of it isnt that large as places like Marquee or XS but definitely a great atmosphere. We went on Saturday and if you go through the host Gio he will get you guys in for free. We had 9 girls 6 guys. He will skip your group to the front of the line. We also got bottle service at a really good deal too.  Oh yeah and Chromeo was the dj that night so the original cover would have been 40 for guys and 30 for girls. Go through a host its worth it.Gios instagram is: gio1oakDo not take videos in there. You will get caught lol. They will just tell u not to.
3	it was pretty good....just crowded as hell! but the parts when they had girl come in on little cars and carry champagne bottles got the party hype!.. the security was gettin' on my damn nerves though..they need to relax and let ppl enjoy themselves..
3	This is actually a very good club and it brings a lot of guests in. iy is near an entrance in which you can be dropped off by a cab. Ypu should reach out to a promoter so you don't have to pay a $30 entrance for guys or $20 for girls (without a guestlist). I gave the club 3 stars because it seems like the doormen allow more people in then the club holds.  It is very difficult to dance due to the crowd. I would highly recommend a promoter so you can get a deal on bottle service to ensure you have dancing room.  The bottle service sections have white leather couches, with pleanty of room for up to 15 people comfortably and sections above the couch to dance on...should you want to. The club also shoots out fog randomly,  and confetti randomly. That definitely brings up the tone. Every once in a while bright lights cone on and you can actually see what people look like.  Which is great to make sure you want to continue dancing with them ;)Overall this is a great club just make sure you get bottle service.
1	Ugh. Awful place! Don't waste your time. They close off 90% of the club for table service leaving you crammed into the small section by the bar. I understand the concept; make everyone so uncomfortable you have to pay the outrageous bottle prices to breathe. Ridiculous. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if the bouncers didn't follow you around telling you to move out of the way. Really? Are they there to enjoy the club or you? With so many night clubs to choose from you would think the staff would be somewhat polite. Not here. Bottom line is crappy music, rude staff and bouncers running over you or telling you to move. If your looking for a place to enjoy some music and dance find a different spot. Seriously don't waste your money or time.
4	The music was great, free drink tickets, I loved the dancers on stage. Overall I had a really good time only downside is that they section off huge portions of the club for the VIP tables not leaving much room for people to dance or let alone just walk through...it was WAY too crowded. I'm from Sacramento, CA but if I'm ever in town again I would definitely love to come back but I would really consider getting a VIP table with bottle service the next time and I would highly recommend that to anyone else planning on coming here to do as well.
5	Open tues aad thurs-sat every night they play a great mix of top 40 dance and hip hop. Great atmosphere and the sizr of the venue makes everyone feel part of the party. There's not a bad table in the main room especially when theres a performance you'll always have a great view.
5	In my experience, 1OAK Nightclub of Las Vegas is the perfect combination of classy and fun. It's my personal favorite club to party at in Vegas because you're in a Nightclub environment unlike any other club in Vegas... It has an intimate feel with a nightclub ambiance. The big dance floor is great for dancing and the music is a nice change up from the constant house music forced down your ears at every other Vegas Nightclub. Another great perk about 1OAK is that unlike most clubs, the club entrance is conveniently close to valet and the parking garage. The VIP Hosts are strictly trained to take care of the needs of all the VIP clients with Bottle Service Reservations. The VIP Cocktail Waitress are beautiful and always smiling. I recommend 1OAK to everyone but for the best experience Table Service is HIGHLY recommended. PS I heard they had The Absolute BEST Female VIP Host in Las Vegas... Look for her, she's a Hottie lol
2	It has a nice appearance but it is deciving.  The bouncers and staff are extremely rude and clueless. They are no help when it comes to telling you where to go and they have no idea how to keep the club in order. It was overcrowded..and broken glasses were everywhere. I recommend going Aria. It's tons better. Only saving grace is the music was pretty decent.
5	Vegas has grown to have endless choices when it comes to nightlife but I can assure you that 1Oak is on the top of that list! A venue that actually has character and treats you as if you are more than a passing Vegas tourist! The crowd is upscale and best of all the girls are top notch!
5	Everything about this club is awesome... They cocktail waitresses were super hot and friendly, the music is a great selection of open format that provides great dancing with one of the many hot chicks that are scattered through out the club deff a GREAT TIME
4	OHhhH what?! hip hop music...many Vegas clubs have strayed away from keeping it all hip hop. 1Oak is not one of those places. Note that 1OAK means 1 of a kind :) so clever! i came here with a group of 12 people, even amount of men and women. Our ratio was probably the least appealing. We rolled up around 10pm after drinks at the Beatles Revolution Lounge. Lines started, but i kind of wandered around. A rep approached asked me if I was on a list...and i said "NO! :( what can i do?!?" ....(drinks obvi were consumed)...he asked me how many were in my party, and said that he could take care of us. He added us to an initial party on a list and all 12 of us were in for free, and all the girls got 3 free drink tickets each. i can't complain when i don't pay for anything! This place definitely has a smaller dance floor..and i've been in here when it was Jet Nightclub, but i can't deny had a really good time!
5	Amzing nightclub! With great DJs its a must see nightclub if your las vegas check it out
3	Ok night club. Hip hop and popular edm tracks played. Dance floor is tight and cramped. Most of the club is table booths and and awkward walking ramp to the restroom. I would only come back if I had free admission and if I was with friends who like hip hop.
4	My New Years resolution is to stop drunk Yelping. I wrote a review ages ago that I forgot all about, whoops. It was harsh, double whoops. I get a little mouthy when I'm drunk. What can I say? I was expecting it to be like the one in NYC. The one in NYC is amazing because of the great crowd. However, Vegas doesn't have that kind of crowd... Anywhere! You will not find gorgeous supermodels in Vegas, period. So I set my expectations a little too high. Upon my most recent trip to Vegas, we re-visited 1 Oak. I guess they worked out all the kinks.The music was great and they played a lot of hip-hop. We wanted a break from the EDM scene and so 1 Oak was perfect. They also have big dj's so make sure to figure out what type of music is playing. At least there is a variety unlike most clubs in Vegas that ONLY play EDM. Ugh! I like house but sometimes I don't feel like hearing the same boom boom boom ALL night. I think 1 Oak is the only club that doesn't strictly play EDM.The general line was long. Yes. The best thing to do is get a table or contact a promoter beforehand. Yes it's squished if you don't get bottle service but it's Vegas...it will be squished anywhere sans a table.
2	I couldn't believe how dead this club was on a Saturday night. Nearly half of the tables for bottle service were empty. Over all, the club was boring. There was nothing to it. Also, there were some ladies in there seeking out guys for "entertainment" and I found that to be annoying. I was annoyed that they allowed this. Fortunately because I was staying at this hotel I got comped entry. Otherwise it wouldn't have been $30. It's worth checking out with comped entry but there are better clubs for about the same price.
5	This place is hands down one of the hottest clubs in Vegas, my friends and I were here for a bachelor party and we got a VIP table and had one of the best nights of our lives. And we weren't "big spenders" but we were treated as if we were. Gotta check it out.
5	I typically wouldn't see myself review a Las Vegas club on Yelp because they're all pretty much going to be the same: Entitled security, overpriced drinks, hit or miss on DJ/crowd, but I want to give a shout out to the one visit I had here at 1OAK.Friday night, arrived around midnight expecting to drop a load on entering or deal with nasty bouncers since all my friends already went in under bottle service, but there were literally no problems.  The security allowed me in that late without hesitation and did it without sounding like a total douchebag.  At this point, I already thought that was too good to be true.Then our host for bottle service ended up upgrading our section to right next to the DJ and on the dance floor, and the bottles kept coming! She even partied with us for a bit--again without entitlement!  The security was even extra helpful in navigating us around the club, rather than at other venues where they shine lights in your face and ask you to clear pathways.  The music that night was also more hip-hop, which was a plus for me because I absolutely can't stand that electro crap.Amazed with the service here.  Who would've thought!
1	I've been to Vegas many times & have experienced many of the clubs and this club by far is the WORST! The club space is taken by the empty huge VIP sections so there is absolutely no room for anyone else, but in the dance floor or the overcrowded bar area. What's worse than no room is their rude & disrespectful security. As I left the club one of the promoters outside begged me to go back inside to give him "credits" for showing up. That in itself shows how horrible this club is that their own promoters have to beg people to go & party there.
2	Great music! Dance floor was too small and nowhere to sit and lounge!
4	Really liked this place! My group of 12 ventured here during a nite tours club crawl, and decided to stay. The music was really good... A lot of hip hop and some house mixes. The dance floor was very , very packed, andSo was the bar area. We decided to get a table/booth. No problems with finding a host. We had a huge booth area for our group, and had a great night. Will definitely stop here again, it was a lot of fun andDrama free.
1	Absolutely terrible. Come here if you want to be abused by bouncers and treated as a criminal. Worst time of my life.
3	I liked it better when it was Jet. Dancefloor was too crowded and the vibe didn't do it for me. The VIP host did a great job of getting me in there for free and skipping the line.
3	I haven't gone clubbing in like 2 years, so this is a rare review for me.The dance floor was WAAAAY too small.  No room to dance, but thank goodness we had bottle service and could dance back at our table.I'm pretty sure it's a hip-hop themed dance club, so I was really happy that the DJ was playing nothing but current and old school hip hop and r&b hits (Montell Jordan to Kanye and Jay-Z).  I love me some house music, but EVERY other club is playing it so it was nice to have some good old hip hop to dance to.The crowd was really chill.  It was one of the few club experiences I've had where I didn't feel like there were a ton of creepy guys or bitchy girls.Overall, the music was good, but since the dance floor was so small it wasn't that enjoyable to dance :(  I probably won't be back unless I know I'll be hanging out in the bottle service area.
4	This has to be one of my top 5 favorite clubs in Vegas!  The DJ was playing all genres of music and was mixing up the beats well. We walked in the club on a guest list and the wait wasn't too long. All the VIP Host and security were polite and helpful.  After a few drinks at the bar we decide that we wanted to do bottle service and the host team was able to accommodate us pretty fast which was cool. Going forward we will definitely be doing  bottle service when we come here.
5	Spend my 21st birthday here it was great! We met a promotor got us in no wait , drinks and music was great :). Definitely will be back!
4	I'm not a big club guy. Tried out this place on a club tour deal. Wow. Great scene. Even the bouncers were cool. Go Go dancers were nice. Best way to enjoy is with bottle service, and prices are actually not too bad for what you get. And a lot of fun. Problem is, most of the girls are in their private bottle service areas too, so they're almost out of reach. On this particular night, customers appeared to be mostly in their early 30s. Great music, DJ spins good ish here. I love it when I know every single song played. And dancers were handing out free shots, although mostly watered down versions of the real thing.Do it!
2	Very pricey. 1 corona & a shot of tequila for 24.00. Pricey and no place to sit. More bouncers than people and they always want you to dance since there's no place to sit.
1	This Club ruined my Vegas Experience.  Not only did they charge me $50 to get in I bought 2 cranberry and vodkas and paid $30. They didn't even fill my cup half way and then the waitress shrugged her shoulders when I pointed out my glasses was half full and I paid $30. No place to sit, stand or dance and they have the worst customer service ever. Kicking ppl out that complain about how they're being treated and robbing us of our money. Plz read and Avoid this Club if possible. Theres so many more clubs to visitThis is how my Experience began.  I was already at the Mirage eating at the buffet and while walking out a young lady was standing in front of the 1 oak night club asking if I had somewhere to be tonight and that she can put me on the guest list and I wouldn't have to pay. Her name was Michelle btw and after receiving several text messages from Michelle saying I was all good for the night just check in at the front desk for the guest list. Right when I got to the club all of the bouncers and employees for 1 oak were being bossy to everyone kicking ppl out of line. To my surprise the employees for 1 oak told me I wasn't on their guest list and I would have to pay full price or leave. I called Michelle several times explaining to her what was going on and she didn't seem the slightest surprise telling me that's how they are and there's nothing she can do. Because I didn't have anything else planned for the night the decided to go in anyways. Right when I walked in everyone was already shoulder to shoulder pushing and shoving arguing with each other. There was no place to stand, sit or dance palying really old hip hop music. After being over charged for watered down drinks and pushed from one spot to the next I decided to leave and ask for a refund....here's the fun part. I was told to talk to eric their night club manager and when eric walked up to me I was being very friendly and polite letting him know about the whole Michelle, Bar and club experience.  Eric told me he didn't know any Michelle and told me to get the F@ck out of his club and he wasn't going to give me any of my money back.  I asked Eric the club maanager for his full name and he sarcasticly said Tony. So all if the sudden his name isn't eric anymore its tony.smh while being escorted out I tried my luck with another Employee and sadly I got the same cold shoulder and rude attitude.  Its not fair that ppl spend so much money at an establishment and get treated like Crap. I'm the one boosting their revenue putting money in their pockets and I get treated like the bad guy. Please if you're reading this review and I repeat do not go there. There's so many other night clubs in vegas and these ppl here act like they don't care about anybody. Worst customer service and worst experience to Vegas Ever. Thank God for Ta Lena and John who worked the front concierge desk at the Mirage.  They were fully understanding and felt my pain. They also gave me every Penny back of my money informing me that they have nothing to do with that club the 1 oak and that they had bad experiences there themselves.  They said they get a lot of complaints about the 1 oak night club and my incident is nothing new. Thanks again Ta Lena and John
4	Had a great time last week and the entire staff was Very Helpful.........I particularly liked the VIP & Bottle Service area, (THANK YOU SPRINT!), and how all the sections were close enough to enjoy any type of activity......tables, sofas, loud, not-so-loud areas, Plenty of waitresses......all in all a real cool place with very friendly service and patrons that is easy to find in The Mirage.......will return for sure......(ESPECIALLY if I again have  No-Line/VIP Passes!!!)
1	WORST "club" experience of my life. Where do I even start?  First some guy on the street gave us "Vip" wristbands and told us we would get in first and buy our first drink at the door, and that we'd get to see Nas play that night.  Lol.  So we get in line and there are 3 separate lines -- guess who gets in first? Not our line! Some other randoms waiting on the side.  When we finally get in they charge us $20 at the door -- kind of expensive for cover charge at a club, especially a tiny little place like this but Ill get to that later.So we get our drink cards and go up to the bar and guess what?  All you can get is a basic well vodka drink.  Yuck.  I dont do well drinks or vodka, so I paid $20 for a cranberry vodka that I couldve gotten for like $5 anywhere else.  Great.Then the place is TINY.  We try to find a place to sit -- guess what? YOU CAN'T SIT DOWN IN THIS "CLUB".  Mind you, it barely qualifies as a club, its an over glorified lounge, a lounge that you cant LOUNGE in because THERE IS NO SEATING!  It's just pathetic.  No seating at the bar, no cocktail tables, or anything for people who aren't paying for crap ~bottle service~ which is probably $700 for orange juice and some low end vodka.  Yeah right.  We were a party of 2 so there would be no justification in paying for half a sofa for TWO  people, and we're basically punished for that.  It's disgusting and horribly disrespectful to paying customers. I had been on my feet all day at MAGIC and walking around the strip, I was exhausted and wanted to sit at least for a little while and enjoy the show, buy more drinks, etc.  But no, I was on my sore aching feet for for 3 hours in this hot stuffy club. Ive never been to a club or lounge like that and I'm still PISSED about it and would never return because of it.  I can drink like a fish and would have ordered plenty more drinks, but not under those conditions.Even worse, you cant see anything if you're standing in the club because some losers in bottle service will sit on the ledges and block your view.  Ugh.And even more amusing is the "dance floor" which is about 75 square feet of space that's roped off in between the bottle service sections.  Lol.  Im not even kidding about the size -- we didnt even realize it was a dance floor at first because it was so pathetically small.  And the reason why the dance floor is so small is obviously because they took up 90% of their space with more ~bottle service~ areas -- there had to be 25 lounge areas in that tiny space -- the greed and desperation is just pathetic.Oh and we never saw Nas,The DJ was decent though, except they were already repeating songs 1.5 hours into the night.  Expect to be subjected to watching tacky strippers in thongs dancing around too.Basically, this place sucks, is greedy and money grubbing to the point that they completely disrespect their customers. My worst club experience EVER and pretty much ruined my trip to vegas.  I would give them negative stars if I could and I'll dance in the streets when they go out of business.
5	Hands down the best dance club in town !!!  Great djs that always play solid top 40 mixes. The Gogo dancers are by far, the hottest in town. Getting bottle service is the only way to go at 1-OAK. The cocktail waitresses provide excellent service and are always on top of their game. The dancefloor is always packed and their are always girls roaming around. The bottle service presentations are always amazing. The girls coming out in the cars for bottle presentations is insane. Great nightclub.
1	As I would not like to relive my night here, I am just going to say the following:1. Extremely rude employees2. Horrible music3. You will feel like sardines in a can4. The dance floor is the size of a modest 2 car garage. Never again.
5	Great atmosphere for a Vegas nightclub. Table service is always excellent.
5	Highly recommend this club!! I went through a promoter by the name of Gio you can find him on Instagram @Gio1oak. I went for my birthday with a few friends and had the time of my life. He hooked everything up and even checked in on me throughout my stay. If you like hip hop and love to dance trust me this is the club to be at. Not to mention Football players and Celebs where in the house!!!!!! I will def be back soon!!!
4	The general admission line seems to move a lot quicker than the table reservations & guest list lines.Ladies: be sure to wear shoes with a back. One of the times I went there, the bouncer wouldn't let me in because my sandals were backless. He said it was due to "safety issues."DJ played a variety of music (house, hiphop, top 40, old skool, rock).There's nothing notable about the decor.Free for local ladies (not sure if it's only on certain days).One time when we were there, they gave out free glow sticks to the people on the dance floor.
4	Always a good time. Drinks are def overpriced and the dance floor can be suffocating BUT I still love this place. Will be back again
5	First things first. The DJ!!! This club was lit up cuz of that DJ. I went to see Juicy J perform here a couple weeks ago, and I must say I had the most memorable club experience ever! I just had to get that out first. I came here with my partner and sisters and her friends for my sisters 21st bday. So we had a hook up with table/bottle service, which allowed us to bypass the extremely long line to get in. We also had a promoter that hooked us up on free drinks (yes free drinks). And guess who was right next to us? Juicy J. So yea that whole beginning of the night just everything. Now if you don't like huge tight crowds, then I don't suggest you go here on performing nights. This place was packed! Like over capacity packed, and it was fun cuz everyone was just dancing through the crowd. I would normally be bothered by this but everyone was having such a good time, it was all good. It just seemed everyone was "turned up" and I just don't mean from the drinks. The drinks were great. I would recommend that they do not use glasses for their drinks. For someone dropped one near my sisters leg and it shattered and cut her a bit. Not good. Definitely need to change that. Overall this is definitely a place to check out in Vegas. It's live, it's loud, they get you going till 4AM. I wish they had one here in Los Angeles, although I'm not so sure if it would be the same.
5	1OAK is far and away my favorite club in town. The DJs there play a great mix of top 40, hip hop, and EDM... You never get bored listening to the same repetitive beat over and over all night like some of the other clubs I've been to. The weekends are always great, but the biggest surprise might be 1OAK's Tuesday night industry party. EVERYONE is there.As it can get busy, I recommend doing bottle service so you'll be treated like a king (or queen). You won't have to wait in line, you won't have to wait at the bar, you get your own table, and your own waitress and security. The hosts there are very friendly. Nothing but rave reviews from my friends! They also just opened up a spot in LA that I want to check out soon.
1	Service was absolutely terrible. At some point the bouncer was showing me the way the the dancefloor and when I told him I was not trying to go there he asked me if I had a table...I told h I was paying for the table behind me...he did not apologize! Hawaian. Looking dude His name was Forrest he was not doing his job instead he was dancing and trying to kick paying customers out of the VIP area.
1	I really wish I could give this place zero stars. I made a yelp account just to review how rude, idiotic, and disrespectful the security at 1OAK is. I came here for my bachelor party with a group of 9 guys, and had made reservations for bottle service about a month in advance. We get to the club and the security/bouncer guy starts checking all of our IDs. The first 5 of us get in and start walking into the club, but the rest of the 4 guys are lagging behind so I wait for them. A couple minutes go by, and I ask one of the guards where the rest of the guys are, and he says, "There's an ID problem with one of your friends". OK...now I'm thinking one of my friends has an expired license or something....I see them escort him out and I proceed to follow to see what's going on. My friend is standing outside arguing with this security guard, and I ask why they aren't letting him in.HE PROCEEDS TO TELL ME, "YOU SEE HERE ON HIS ID? IT SAYS HE'S 5'2" AND HE IS CLEARLY TALLER."??????? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Ok, he does look a little young in the picture, but it's his ID picture from when he was like 15 years old, he's 24 now....it was going to expire next year. It still looks exactly like him though. I had to teach the guard a lesson that people go through puberty and get taller and grow up. He clearly didn't understand and continued to say that his ID info didn't match. The "head" security guard came out and was even a bigger asshole, who didn't even listen to anything I had to say and just kept saying "HE'S NOT GETTING IN". I told him to scan the ID and see that it was real and this person is who he says he is, but all he could say was "HE'S NOT GETTING IN".... I was furious. This was honestly the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Do they require to have everyone sign their name to see if the signature matches too? Look at the damn picture and birthdate!! Call the damn DMV if you have to. This place is run by a bunch of morons that barely graduated high school and couldn't tell the difference between an apple and an orange.Well, we all decided to leave and took our $2,000 to Tao, where my friend had no problem getting in...and I FOR DAMN SURE WILL NEVER ATTEMPT TO GO TO 1OAK AGAIN. What a joke of an establishment. I will definitely NOT recommend this place to anyone.THANKS FOR RUINING MY VEGAS BACHELOR EXPERIENCE.
5	1oak is hands down home of best hip hop / EDM open format djs, the atmosphere is awesome, service is fast and professional. All around a great place to go and have. Awesome night in Vegas
4	This place is out of control. I loved it!!
4	Hip hop, hooray, hooo, heyyy, hooo. Hip hop hooray, hooo, heyyy, hooo....Located in the Mirage Casino. If you're looking for a club that's not all about House music and special DJ's, this is the spot to come to. Although, they will have special celebrities hosting events to lure the crowd in. Long narrow spacing of the venue, two bars in the main room, and a smaller second room that catered to old school hip hop with bottle service and a bar as well. The few times I've been here, I always have a great time. Lucky for me, I'm with friends that have bottle service or I get invited to a table. Perks for being a girl, right? Haha. Promoters are pretty good with getting the ladies in quick. I appreciate that. My last promoter met me at the front and directed me to the preferred line. We walked in within 4 mins and met my Manfriend and his buds at their table. I have to say, it's really not that fun for girls if you don't have a table to sit at. Them heels are DRESSED TO KILL....your feet that is! Plus, I don't like dancing on the dance floor like sardines and getting touched by sweaty backs.Overall, it's a good venue. I haven't had a bad experience yet.Get giggy wit it!
1	Worst club iv been to everrrrr....The security guards were all @ssholes! (There Was like only one or two nice ones) but they literally were pushing me and my friend around the entire time...and yelling at us. Me and my friend felt like cattle being put away in their cages. I did Not come here to feel like a cow and to get yelled at by strangers...it was more about us walking the right way then having a good time...I don't recommend this place to anyone and next time I come to Vegas and all my friends want to go out..I know exactly where NOT to take them! I will giving this "club" a phone call shortly due to some other stuff that happened that is too inappropriate to write on yelp...If they can't do anything then I might just post what did happen.
5	With so many nightclubs to choose from in Las Vegas these days, 1 bad choice can ruin an entire trip. Whether your in town for business or a 3 day bender you cannot go wrong with 1oak. Now we all have high expectations for Vegas, imagine exceeding those expectations?! If you like songs with words, reasonable table minimums, great looking crowd and excellent service this is a no brainier. You never know which celebrity you may run into. This is the "go to" nightclub in Las Vegas if your looking for the whole Las Vegas package and then some. Would you rather be a small fish in a big pond? Or a Large fish in a Small pond?
2	-too many people for such a small place-not enough room to dance and not enough room to chill-music was fine though
4	YES. A CLUB THAT DOESN'T PLAY EDM ALL NIGHT. And yes, I put that in CAPS.  Because let's be honest .... how much can you really dance at a club that plays fist pumping music all night? I miss the clubs that played hip-hop and songs that you can dance to, bump and grind, and just act silly to.  It's hard to do that with these clubs that have strobing lights and constant sweaty jumping people all around. Sure, this club isn't high end.  and yeah, bottle service isn't THAT grand, BUT it's a club that gets down and dirty and you're BOUND to have a good time if you enjoy this music.  It's not classy and it's not bougie, but this is VEGAS people.  don't come here expecting Hakkasan or XS type of people/service/prices.  It won't be.  Just come here if you want a break from the hype and go back to the hip-hop club roots.This is one of my fave clubs now.P.S. if you get bottle service, beware of the MEAN bouncers.  They WILL cut off how many people are allowed in the table area and CHASE you down if you hop over to the next table/section (lol).  So if you plan on having a lot of guys on your table, I'd suggest either getting two tables or making sure you guys get there early so the bouncer doesn't cut the guys off.
5	I am a local and go out to night clubs frequently.   1 Oak is one the best clubs in town.  I like it because of its intimate setting and music.  The club has a great overall feel and the crowd is always good (lots of girls).   I usually grab a table through Joey Orr.  He is very helpful and can always hook up a great location.  If your looking for a club that's not overpriced, check it out.
5	Best upscale hip hop nightclub in vegas! If you are in vegas want a goodDj and a good time you have to come here! Ask for me at the door ill get you right in
1	If there was a negative score, I would have given them that.  The employees are less than mediocre when it comes to customer service.  The security guards are down right disrespectful to women.  If you want to be mentally undressed by every security guard there, this is the place to go.  A security guard tackled and punched someone in my party and then 6 more security guards jumped on top of him because the security guard didn't like the "look" my party gave him on our way to the exit.  I had to get the LV Sheriff's involved. 1Oak if you want to do better, get better staff and take care of your patrons. Would NEVER come back here again nor would I recommend it.
1	From the get go, the security guards were extremely rude at the entrance. I had heard great things about this club, so I decided to go ahead and see what this venue had to offer. 1. The music selection was good, but the dance floor was extremely overcrowded.2. Bartenders were awful and drinks were watered down.3. Security guards were obnoxious and rude.Would I come back? Probably not.
5	Went for a bachelorette party and had a great time. This club is huge, the sound system is great and the lights are really cool too. They also have confetti and smoke which makes it really fun. The drinks and club entrance is really expensive but a lot of times the promoters give free entrance and free drink cards.
1	First club I'd ever gone to in Vegas & I had a horrible experience. We thought we got a good deal to go in but ended up paying less at Marquee the next day & had a way better time. This club is small & overcrowded. There is hardly anywhere to stand without being uncomfortable. The bartender completely ignored me, the free drink the club offered was weak, the security guards have huge chips on their shoulders, the dance floor is small & overcrowded. When I finally made it down there I was told by two security guards to not block the way down. Well where was I gonna go genius? I kept talking crap back to them until I had enough of this crappy club & left. They really need new employees. The only plus is the good music played.
4	This was the very first night club I went to and I had a blast. My boyfriend and I went when we were in Vegas for my 21st. There were a lot of check points to go through before you actually got into the club, but I got in for free and my boyfriend got in at a reduced price of $30 which we didn't think was too bad considering regular rate is  $70/person. Once we made it in, it was pretty crowded but the atmosphere was lively and fun, maybe a little too crowded for my taste, but it's a night club so that's to be expected. We were a bit shocked at the price we payed for drinks ($45 for 2 double shot rum and cokes including tip) so that was all we ended up ordering. Once we got down on the dance floor though and found a place to dance it was sooooo much fun! The music was great and they blew cold air and confetti and kept things interesting throughout the night. We spent 3.5 hours there dancing and and having a great time! Definitely was a great way to spend my 21st.
3	1OAK is exactly like JET, but with an older crowd. Older meaning.... You don't have to fight your way through a sea of early 20 year olds ala XS. Well, that was at least the vibe I got when I went on a Saturday night. Before you call me a hater... I was once at that age and know what it's like So :PThey primarily play hip hop, but stuff that you'd hear circa the 90's. I did hear a few EDM jams mixed in though, which I didn't mind. The interior hasn't changed. All they added were some fancy screens that go down in the middle of the night to separate certain sections of the room. Also, they no longer have the stripper poles in the middle of the dance floor. BTW- good luck securing a space for yourself to boogey down. The dance floor gets super packed!The line is so easy breezy if you purchase bottle service. The bottle service hosts are a lot of fun, but the area you get is not suited for a group of 15+. What was cool about the seating arrangement was the fact that there were little drawers underneath the seat where you store your personal belongings. Nice touch!***Tips:***If you're going in with the general public get in line by 10:00 pm or else expect to wait for a while. The place gets pretty packed so I highly suggest arriving early.
1	Worst club I've been to in LV... The promoter did a switched and bait on us with everything... We waited 2.5 hours in line from 930 on the guest list with a party of 18 all the guys had to pay 40 dollars to get in and girls didn't get the free drinks.. I would have been fine with paying just the time we waited was for nothing... Worst part everyone else got in before us... We Couldn't even walk without being pushed by staff or people this place was way over capacity... Take your business to xs, marquee or lax I've had a great time in those places...
1	Promoters just tell you what you want to hear so they can make their money.  We were told we were going to get out at the front of the line and get in free with drink comps.  We ended up waiting in 2 different lines and left before they sent us to the 3rd line.  They basically just fill you up with false hope.
1	I heard they're organizing the official Cockfest 2015 here. No seriously, where are all the chicks? How am I walking through a GIANT crowd of ONLY dudes? Also, what the fuck kind of a club decides to book several parties to a single table? No joke, complete strangers had their bottles on our table (though they were probably thinking the same about us), and the workers were shoving tabs in peoples' faces left and right. Seriously? I get that you want more people to go for bottle service, but you can't quadruple-book a table, amigos. It would be fine if the music was okay, but the DJ was apparently a cocaine addict suffering from ADHD, because the songs were changing literally every 20 seconds or so. What about all the sweet moves I learned on YouTube, bro!?
4	Been here twice now. Love the hip - hop vibe. If the constant pounding techno beat isn't your thing, 1 Oak is for you. Great mix of 90s to current hip-hop. Both times I've been there we got bottle service. Well worth it. Great service. Security takes care of you. Also both times there someone surprising shows up...nfl players...hip-hop stars. It's not pretentious, it's just fun.
1	They Suck waited in a line for 3hours and then they stated over capacity and told everyone to go home. When I walked pass the entry I seen the owner letting a group of girls in so the service was  absolutely horrible first time in Vegas love the city But I Hate 1-OAK In the Mirage Hotel will never visit them again
1	I am a resident/local of Las Vegas.  Family and friends come from all over to visit me.  The last time (4/26/14) I tried to bring folks here- we were guest listed-waited in line for an(930) hour to be put in another line by a promoter promising it would be faster- I kindly ask the gentleman group in front of me how long they have been waiting, he said for 2 hours.When I finally got attention from the front door guy, he was so very RUDE to me that the gentleman group before me said forget this and left.  You would think the jerk was smart enough to know that patrons of an establishment such as this are the reason he gets a paycheck or a raise.  So I took my hot girlfriends to Surrender with NO problem and had a BLAST!Prior to this time, I waited in line for again-over an hour.  Got in and it was almost empty at 1145 on a Saturday.  The reason to wait for over an hour instead of being inside spending on drinks is completely ridiculous to do as a business!  I get that they want people walking by seeing people in a line so they can assume this is the spot to be.NOT!!! The only thing in the Mirage I still go to is the BARE pool..no snobs at the door there..
4	This club is pretty sweet. Hott girls good music and decent bartenders. They have a lot of celebrity appearances. Not the biggest   Club but still pretty good.
1	All the door staff is rude....they all obviously aren't good enough to work at other clubs so they hate their job... they are so unorganized.... service was horrible they will sell your table at the same time you're buying another bottle...i wish this wasn't one of the only places to go on a Tuesday can't wait til they get bought out and close down!!!!
5	I recently celebrated my birthday here , and I would just like to say I had the best time ever music was awesome me and my friends danced the night away ! Our hostess was a doll , thanks for the birthday shoutout !
1	"Too many diiiicks on the dance floor" -my husbands take on 1oakPromoters told us free drinks for ladies, but only three ladies could enter the open bar area at a time and I swear it was just water in Skyy vodka bottles. Oh well!
1	Went here because it's one of the few clubs that play Hip Hop in Vegas.  Nothing against EDM though.  Sometimes you just crave for a little Hip Hop and R&B.We contacted a promoter.  He said to be there by 10PM for it to be free.  His automated text (or that's what it seemed like it was) said not to talk to anyone else and to look for him with a clipboard.  We arrive just before 10PM and nobody was in line.  So we just hung out looking lost near the hotel's registration/lobby area.We then decided to walk around the casino for a bit.  We get a text from the promoter that stated, "?"  Uhm.  What?  So we went back and looked for this promoter guy.  He was not holding a clipboard.  He was just super duper awkward.  Told us to come back at 10:20PM.  Okay.  So we venture out and walked around the casino for a bit.  Came back at 10:30PM and checked in with the promoter again.  He directed us to a line and was just super sketchy and awkward.  Not going to name the guy because I'd rather not hurt his business for what he does, but definitely not going to be a point of contact for any future clubbing trips.Girls had free drinks until midnight.  Except the girls had to go to some table where some guy that worked there poured one drink at a time.  It was super cramped in that area and just caused too much traffic.The crowd was much older.  Not really my cup of tea.  It's not like an older group of people here and there.  Probably 80-90% were old enough to be my parents.  And creepers.  How are you going to talk to my girl when I'm right there?  Do you want to get punched?The DJ started off playing nice tunes.  Then he tried appealing to the EDM folks.  And that was just horrible.  It sounded like he was playing off of iTunes.  No cohesiveness to his set at all.We wanted to see Color Me Badd perform.  They were to come on at 11PM to start things off.  Yeah, nope.  Left the club at midnight.  And even that was pushing it.  Probably won't end up here in the future.
1	Being one of the only hip hop clubs left in Vegas, I have been dying to go to this club.We went this past Friday & wow, it was definitely a mistake.The promoter we used (name will not be disclosed) was awkward and very unclear. This promoter texted me with a "?" as if I never responded to him prior. Stated that we were being waited on & to go to the front. Mind you, it was 10PM. We get to the front & are told to come back at 10:20PM because we were early. Excuse me? If we were early, why did you just text that to me.Enough about the promoter. Despite the way business was dealt, we got in fairly quick. Ironically, "free drinks" for ladies consisted of standing in line and going up to a tiny table for another employee of the club to pour. One drink per chick & you had to get back in line to get another. Bad choice of organization.We primarily went to see Color Me Badd.... They never showed up.The music was alright for a good 20 minutes till the DJ attempted to please the crowd with EDM but basically sounded like he was clicking songs off his iTunes. The crowd was full of older people. 45+.The decor and overall look of the club is pretty much just like an underground warehouse. Definitely was not worth all the credit I gave it to begin with when I even considered going. If you love hip hop, Chateau is the go to place. Forget 1oak.
4	Went to 1 Oak last Saturday night and it was everything that I imagined a Vegas party being like. There is a 1 Oak in NYC (never been) and it has a great reputation as well. Me and my girls got in free, no line, no waiting, we sat at a promoters table with bottle service, (Skyy Vodka- ehhhh) danced on stage and then after went out onto the main dance floor and it was soooo much fun! We met a group of guys that had a table and partied with them for a little, the bottle service areas are pretty cool, cozy....I don't know why they serve Skyy of all vodkas? But whatever. The DJ was great, he was very versatile, my friends and I had a BLAST. It was packed but it was a damn good party! We met a bunch of promoters for 1 Oak on the strip and got put on the list and it was smooth sailing from there. I had a BLAST, it felt like New Years Eve again...will def go back.
2	We were recruited off the strip by a promoter and gave us some free passes on a Sat night, not informing us of their "dress code". My main complaint about this venue is the "no flats" policy which is EXTREMELY DISCRIMINATORY and SEXIST. They are seriously begging for a lawsuit when they allow all men to wear flats and women have to be in heels. I can see the safety issue when is comes to flip flops or sandals.....but NO FLATS? I am recovering from a fractured heel and if I wear heels I can seriously re-injure my foot in heels. All of my friends are insanely tall and they would be more of an injury risk to others if they had heels on after a few drinks. I give them 2 stars instead of 1 only because they let us in despite looking us up and down 20 times and discussing god knows what, they actually let us in. The club was crowded, barely room to stand, girls running around with their HEELS OFF, and they even had technical problems with the music. Pro's- gogo dancers didnt dance like strippers and actually had rhythmCons- I really think they have the "no heel" policy to keep the fat chicks out....... genius- but not really
3	I was here for my 21st birthday. It was a lot of fun, but it was rather small. It felt like they were double their max capacity. The dj was awesome, but again the dance floor was too small and crowded :(
5	Great club went here while doing the sin city club brawl on a party bus. Out of the three clubs we went to this place was active. Awesome music. They even played some old music like kurupt(etc. ) great vibe !! Great music definitely coming back to this club when I'm at Vegas
4	1Oak is definitely underrated. I like the place and the people that work here ARE NICE! Compared to other nightclubs in Vegas the bouncers can be complete dicks along with the promoter and hosts! All the promoters I go through are super nice and even get me free table service!! Or if I'm with any guys they get my boys in for free :) which is good because for men nothing's free in Vegas. The only down side is that it's a little small. But they have another room dedicated to hip hop which I love!!!
5	Went to 1oak on a recent friday. My friends and I got bottle service to celebrate a friends birthday. I had been to 1oak a few times before, but this was my first time getting bottle service at 1oak. Everyone was friendly, and Hector VIP host made me and my friends feel true vip. As the night when on Hector moved us to a better table on the dance floor. There was no room on the dance floor to dance, but the music was great. I will come back soon.
2	SO DISAPPOINTED! I went to 1 Oak about a month ago based on a recommendation from a friend. First off NO ONE seems to know what is going on. My friends called for bottle service and we were quoted $608 for bottle of Skyy. We don't really drink Skyy but it was the most affordable after tax and gratuity for just 3 girls. We attempted to see if we could get our preferred drink which was Bacardi for around the same price and we were quoted $550 by one of the promoters, Jeffrey or Jonathan whatever the heck his name was. When we get to the club, the promoter is NO WHERE to be found. No one knows where he is AND the club doesn't have Bacardi for that price. So now the three of us are sitting there in VIP like what the hell! We have one of the hosts contact Jeffrey and he tells us that the deal we were quoted doesn't exist (even after CONFIRMING) and that Skyy was $608. So as a group we say forget let's get the Skyy since that was the original plan.... THEN the host says "OKAY" and 3 SECONDS preceeds to tell my group that it is a Grey Goose hosted weekend and there is NO SKYY. So because we just want to be over it and have fun we go back to the Bacardi (mind you it was $200 more than we wanted to pay but whatever). It gets better. Once we get all set up they tell us they have to move us because there is no one to work the area we are sitting in (should have thought about that ahead of time). I can't say I am surprised NO ONE is buying bottles at this places. It is VERY UNORGANIZED, NO ONE knows what is going on, and then they had the nerve to have TECHNO most of the night. THEN as I turn my head watching bottles go to different tables I see SKYY WHAT THE HELL!!!!!!!???!!! I THOUGHT YOU DIDNT HAVE SKYY.  DONE! I am officially heated at that point. Towards the end they did play hip hop but that was after 1am.I would NEVER recommend this place there are so many places better. I mean POETRY was ghetto as hell but BRING IT BACK because if this is your replacement it is not worth the wait, the money, NOTHING.
2	This is the worst service I've ever gotten at a club in my life. One bouncer was particularly rude to me and wouldn't listen to us as we tried to get in. I was told multiple times that my "waste of money" I spent on ticket to get in before was pointless and that I was stupid for believing promoters. Promoters have worked for me every time previously and this was the only club in Vegas I've had to pay for.Our ratio was very good and we tried having patience but there was no order whatsoever to the line and it just seemed really disorganized. Once we finally got inside, I was also not impressed. I love hip hop which is why I wanted to go to 1 oak for my birthday, however it really didn't meet my expectations. The music was good, which is the only reason I'm giving it two stars.
4	I love this club and I have been here before. This however was the 1st time I did bottle service myself. When arriving they quickly took us in without any wait. Then we walked back to the table and I was embarrassed that I was all the way in the back and was sharing with this NASTY bridal party. (the reason I say nasty is because by the time we had arrived (midnight) the ladies was beyond drunk giving our party a show and lap dances. It was all fine until one of them dropped their panties and was siting on the guys lap (You know what was happening)) Anyhow the security quickly kicked them out after the 3rd complaint from our party. So I was a little disappointed that as adults we are acting in such a foul manner in the club. Staff: The waitress and bus boy were amazing I have no complains about them at all.Hosts: Now I had purchased the table from an outside host (BIGGEST MISTAKE) Always go through the club they were amazing in getting my cake out to us and making it a big deal. Next time I get a table it will be through 1Oak not an outside host. The outside host was a disaster please do not use crowd control marketing group! They will rip you off and the customer service is beyond horrible. It wasn't the clubs fault that my cake was a disaster and the location. Overall it was a really fun club just wish I didn't have to deal with the BS.
3	I was STOKED to come to 1 Oak because every time I go to vegas, my friends always wanna hit up the EDM clubs.. Dj Que was decent, but it wasn't what I expected. He played a lot of "meh" jams like "chicken noodle soup".. I wanna hear the gooooood shit.. jams that make you jump and scream. "WOOOOOOOOOOO THAT'S MY SHIT!" I'm more of a 90's east coast hip hop type of girl. Don't get me wrong, they did play some of those hits, but not enough..Secondly, they made us move tables because another party who was paying more wanted a table closer to the dance floor. Never has ever that happened to me or any one else in my party. Some friends complained and they gave us 6 beers for the inconvenience. I personally didn't mind because the table we were originally at was super crowded..  but I get the principle of it.. it's just not right.What made me appreciate this club though, was the fact that the securities saw my friend & I struggle to get pass the crowd to the restroom and he cleared the way and even walked us up to the door. That was a very nice gesture.. Would I come back to 1 Oak? Maybe, but I would choose Hakkasan's hip hop room over 1Oak any day..
5	While standing in line for a minute a guy walked by and accidentally stepped on my foot. Turned out to be the owner. He scooped us up and took us in without having to pay. He gave us the VIP treatment all night. Free drinks and roped off section. Everyone thought we were high profile people. People throughout the club came over to take shots and dance with us. It was awesome. The dance floor was a bit small and crowded but the music was banging. The DJ was definitely on point. So hate they closed promptly at 2am. Good dance spot.
1	Horrible experience here. If you like being shoulder to shoulder with people on the dance floor and at the bar... then feel free to stop by this place in Vegas. I thought avoiding the major nightclubs would mean I wouldn't have to deal with such a crowd. the door people should know when to stop letting people in. I felt that if a fire broke out or if an earthquake happened, we all would have been doomed!
5	THANK YOU Korion for hooking it up!our bachelorette party of 9 had the pleasure of enjoying a comp'd table here.  it was all inclusive with a dance space (roped off from the crowd), a bottle, a pole, and a cat walk.  the bouncers were extremely nice and kept the creepers out!if you are trying to get away from all the EDM then this is your spot!  Hip hop was poppin that night!  even when things got wild they handled it appropriately!  Nicest bouncers in Vegas, even in the face of ratchetnessThis place tops Tao, just because instead of playing 90's/hiphop/old school jams early in the night, 1OAK plays them ALL night
2	Went here on a friday night with friends. They were staying in the hotel so we got in free. Get here earlier or u will never get in. Club isnt very big. Absurdly crowded. Main bar was completley packed with people just standing. It was locked shoulder to shoulder. We were also constantly told we couldnt stand here or there. Only go if u have a table or booth. I probably wont go back. Nothing special. Square room with 2 bars and a dj. Meh
1	0 stars. First of all my friends bought a table with 2 bottles of Grey Goose and a bottle of sky this past Saturday for $1,400 and the service was great until some bachelorette party with 14 girls sat next to us. (I'm sure it was a comped table because I only saw one bottle of sky the whole night) The bouncer was extremely rude, he was a big husky  guy with glasses dark skin tone who kept coming back and forth to our table threatening to kick us out because the bachelorette party was complaining about us, yet wouldn't tell us what they said. At one point the bouncer and the manager came to our table and said we had too many people at the table when at max there was 11 people, again we had 3 bottles and the other party had 14 people and 1 bottle. I told them this and they walked away without saying anything. They came back again saying that the bachelorette party was complaining, yet again wouldn't tell us what they were complaining about. My friends always purchase bottle service and we've NEVER received such poor customer service from a club and from bottle service. We were being threatened to get kicked out constantly the whole night. I'm never coming here again and will let all of my friends know and urge them to share this post on their social media accounts to warn others from wasting their hard earned money! Don't buy a table at this club!!! There are so many other clubs in Vegas that offer excellent service, especially for bottle service. Oh and apparently you can't take videos or photos per the bouncer who said it was the club's policy and at one point the bouncer grabbed my hand with my phone and pushed it down in order to stop taking a picture. If a club has this type of policy in effect this just goes to show what they don't want released to the public.
1	40 dollars to get in. It Was lame because there was too many people and no where to dance. Bouncers were very pushy they spilled my friends drink and didn't comp him a drink. Not the best party atmosphere. Left after 40 minutes. Will not be going back.
3	I had high hopes for 1OAK. It was the club that seemed (when looking online) most badass. And since being there I've been to XS, Vanity, and Body Language (think that's what it's called) and they all were so much better! Especially XS which I loved! And went to vanity when Rick Ross performed. Anyway more about 1oak, ITS SMALL. Way over hyped. You can barely walk. VIP tables are nice but a joke considering if u leave to go to the dance floor which is tiny! I guess it's not bad it's just nothing to brag about. It's just meh.
1	They DONT PLAY HIP HOP anymore!!!!!!! DONT EVEN PLAY TOP 40. The only reason we went there was for the music then come to find out half way through they stopped playing hip hop.....great!!!!!!The music would have made up for everything else if it was good. The club is small I was expecting for it to be bigger. The VIP booth they put us in was small it wasn't even divided. Your basically sitting right next to the other party. You might as well ask them to fade on the bottle because they that close to you. I'm sorry it was disappointing so don't waste your money go else where.
5	This club is an open format club. It's very boutique, and has a bunch of unique features. The theme is gold and has many VIP tables. When I go I always choose a great table. The staff is very friendly and they play a huge variety of music. If you need Guestlist or table service hit up danny 702.541.4256. He always hooks it up when I need anything. Definitely a great place if your out with a group or even on a date. Some nights that have great performing artists. Seen juicy j, major laser and many other artist there.
2	This was one of my fave clubs in Vegas b/c they played Hip Hop. I can only take so much EDM. But now, hip hop is no longer here! :( sucks. Was here LDW and was looking forward to the night we planned to go to 1oak because i knew they played hip hop, was SO DISAPPOINTED when I found out they stopped. Felt like any other club in Vegas that plays EDM all freakin night long. 1OAK, please bring back Hip Hop!!
1	This place is horrible. Not only was I promised front line access but free drinks until 1am. They did not live up to any of it. I understand some things are out of peoples control but even the service was horrible. I am spending $15 a drink and they can't even say a thank you.
5	One of the few Vegas clubs that doesn't cost thousands of dollars to have fun.  And you can actually move and breathe here, it isn't overcrowded.I always stop by 1OAK whenever I'm in Vegas.  They play hip-hop! Thank God!  I don't usually get bottle service, but I always make sure to get on the guest lists.  One of the few promoters I actually trust is, Danny Zamilpa (702) 541-4256, he always gets us on the list so we don't have to pay cover or wait in the long line.  I definitely recommend going to him for guest list or table reservations.  They are also known to comp tables for groups of girls any night! Also, Tuesdays are industry night.  Definitely fun to check out.Check out this hidden gem in the Mirage... it's a great break from the usual overpriced Vegas clubs.
1	If you are visiting 1OAK for hip hop and 90s hits turn back around and go somewhere else. They no longer play hip hop here per the managements requests. I came here for the bachelor party excited to here some hip hop, shit we even paid for bottle service because the whole clan loves hip hop and we love alcohol. What could go wrong??? Well the whole night was edm/house I do not know the difference but it was not hip hop. A couple of the staff said they cannot play hip hop anymore because it is not the route they want to take. I really hope they change their mind in the future, because I visited this place when they played hip hop and I did not want to leave. I instantly wanted to leave when I found out this news. Honestly how are they going to compete with the other clubs that play the same shit. I wish you guys the best and hope, and if you guys decide to play hip hop again hit me up you know where to find me.
1	What in the world happen to this club? They used to play the best music in all of Las Vegas. Now, it seems like they have conformed to the rest of the clubs on the strip. Extremely disappointed in this place. My friends and I spent about $2k expecting a different experience compared to the other major nightclubs in Las Vegas, but all we got was the same music. I loved coming to this place and didn't mind shelling out the money for a table service, but my god, how things have changed. Will not come back to this place anymore. Don't get me wrong, the employees are amazing. They took care of us extremely well. They honestly deserve all the credit, but whoever made the decision to switch up the music..... They made a terrible mistake. Buy a table service elsewhere.
1	If I can give 0 stars I would! I had a horrible experience here! I decided to spend my bachelorette/bachelor party here since I heard and read reviews that this place is the best place for hip hop music. When we were in line to enter someone that works there told my girl friends that they couldn't enter because they had sandels!  Said it was a hazard thing, really? How so? Wearing high heels are! Wtf! We got bottle service and it was a horrible experience! The promoter gave me a different price. The club was small! We were about 17 people deep squeezed into a tiny bottle service booth that we had to share with another 20 people next to us... Its was horrible! And the night we decided to go they tell us they stopped playing hip hop from that day forward. All they played was EDC music!!! I would never come back here ever! Also the servers were extremely rude! Would push us! Worst customer service! Hated this place with a passion!
1	Our promoter got us on a guestlist for 1OAK, asked us to send a picture of us to him so he could forward it to the bouncer. The bouncer then told us that the gustlist closed at 9pm... i know now its a crock because they are not even open at 9pm. so i know now he was REALLY LYING! We were a bachelorette party of 5 and were treated just horrible. Later as we are calling out promoter a group of girls (4 ladies) go right now smile and the bouncer let they right in, no cover, no guest list... NOTHING. I was so pissed. My cousin was so outragged it was her bachelorette party and they guys there were just so rude by letting those ladies in. NOW i find out he clearly told me a lie.
1	Seriously if I could give it a 0...I would. The promoters here are so shady and you will NEVER see me go here again. If you do want to feel dangerous and try out this lamer than ever club I have one suggestion...NEVEREVER EVER ...use KORY as a promoter. KORY doesn't even know how to take care of his clients then treats them like trash. Seriously dude your young and cute now but....what will be your life plan AFTER this? Trolling more clubs? Oh my bad, back to the review. We used to go before when they had quality people working there but now they try to function as a mega club....which they will never be. I love how clubs treat locals like shit like we won't even recommend our friends and other tourists other places. Seriously we are definitely one of your money makers...but it's ok. Until KORY leaves to troll more clubs (hopefully not my favorites) and they get new management that does business right they will hear me talk about their bad business nonstop. It's a shame. Seriously, take your business to either XS, Tryst, and especially TAO. TAO has the sweetest bouncers and staff that you could ever imagine!! Trust me I will never stray away to wannabes again.
1	I don't have a yelp account so I'm doing this from my boyfriends's account. I'm not ashamed of giving my real name so if needed, ask. This literally deserves 0 out of 5 stars. I have been to clubs all across the world and this was by far the worst of them all. I had high expectations and it was completely and utterly disappointing. The bouncers were completely and disgustingly rude, I'm 4'11" and all they kept doing was putting their hands on me pushing me into different directions amongst people who were over a foot taller than me, making it impossible to breathe. It had a very trashy vibe, I was treated with 0 respect. The bar tenders were the only good addition to the club. The DJ was horrible and sounded like a beginner (In all honesty I know how to mix better than him). Overall, the music was horrible and it's an extremely tiny place filled with a low class crowd. Save your money, because the cover definitely ISN'T worth it. Not a bit.
1	CAUTION! Do not go to this club. The "managers" lie and try to over charge both guys and girls. Avoid at all costs.
1	CAUTION! Do not go to this club. The "managers" lie and try to over charge both guys and girls. Avoid at all costs. Need to add that I was given a bracelet for "free" entry by a promoter then they just cut it off at the door and said I had to pay the cover. The manager just flat out walked away when I was explaining our situation. Seriously!?Perhaps you should just hire new people! What a concept. Hmm. You know something's wrong when your only positive reviews are from promoters. Weak, weak, weak shit.
5	Impeccable, VIP Bottle service. We were staying at the Mirage and decided we wanted to go to 1 OAK,  we got free entry and were able to go to the front of the line with no wait since we were guests of the hotel. We ordered a drink at the bar and found there really wasn't anywhere to sit or stand unless you stayed at the bar or hit the dance floor. We then noticed that they had a few open VIP tables. My husband went over and asked if they were available. Wow so glad he did! From that moment on our night was fabulous and perfect. We had our own waitress, busser, and security guard. They treated us like royalty.  Including escorting us to the restroom. The service was spot on and they never missed a beat when we were in need of anything. After about an hour they moved us to a table on the dance floor right next to the DJ booth where we danced the night away.   We were at a table right next to UFC fighter George St. Pierre. Our host Niko made our night perfect!  We will definitely be back! Hopefully sooner than later!
5	This nightclub was so fun. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and the confetti machine made everything feel like a party. The DJs were so amazing that my friend and I just couldn't leave even when our feet were killing us. We got in via a promoter, which was extremely legit- No cover and 4 free drinks: that is how to party right. I recommend to anyone interested in a great time.
1	I have to say that I'm extremely disappointed by the service at this club. I was with a group of 10 women, everyone ordered a drink and they refused to provide water unless we paid $8 for a bottle. One of the girls even tried to order a drink with a water "back" and they gave her a sip in the glass. You should be able to have access to water that doesn't cost a fortune when you're a paying customer. In addition, I know that bouncers probably deal with a lot of belligerent people on a nightly basis, but I was pushed aside by bouncers several times throughout the night, no nudging or taps on the shoulder to get my attention... extremely uncourteous, even for a rowdy club. Music was good, despite the horrible mashups. I'd prefer straight hip hop, but then again I guess that wouldn't appeal to the typical Vegas top 40/mashup crowd.
3	I went on a hip hop night and not  much hip hop was played. However, it was still a good time there.
5	I think this is the best bottle service in Vegas.  I've had bottle service at most of the popular clubs in Vegas, with the exception of Hakkassan and Light, and this has been the best all around experience.  We didn't plan on getting a table, but once we got in there, it was too difficult to resist.I don't remember our servers name, but she was a really sweet, petite brunette with an accent.  She was so great.  No one in our group ever had an empty glass.  The bouncer did a good job of keeping other people out, and we were sitting next to other really cool groups of people.The DJ was awesome.  One of the few places left in Vegas where you can hear hip-hop and he was on point,  We had the not-so-fortunate experience of going to The Bank in the Bellagio, which also plays hi-hop, the next day and there was no comparison.  I spent $1200 at 1 Oak, while I got comped a bottle at The Bank, and I will still go back to 1 Oak every single time.  For sure my new favorite club.Oh, and I left my cell phone in the club because I'm a drunk idiot.  My phone was waiting for me the next morning.  I really appreciate everything!  :)
1	I always wanted to try 1oak cuz i heard they play hip hop but my overall experience was hella disappointing. Back to back it was edm. The only thing that was cool was that i found a promoter that got me & my boyfriend in for free and i got a wristband for free drinks from 10pm-12am.I ended up leaving 30 mins after i arrived to the club, to go to marquee. If you love hip hop music & just wanna turn up, check out their boombox room.Oh yeah be prepared to chew ice from you mixed drinks. They done care if youre dehydrated. Tap water isnt free. You gotta pay $9 for a water bottle! Ridiculous.
5	Best bottle service I had in Vegas!!! They kept the bottles in order (Orange, cranberry, orange) the ice buckets full and fresh, clean cups and everything ... It looked like we never even touched the table! We will be back! Thank you for a fantastic birthday!!!!!!
1	I was absolutely disgusted. I was told by one person that my attire was fine.  When I got to the door someone said my H&M hoodie was inappropriate.  How racist.  I was visiting from Texas, and the least that the hostess could have said is that I will hold your sweater at the door.  It won't last.  They lack common sense.
3	If you are looking for Hip Hop this is a great spot located in the Mirage Casino near the side Valet.  Not a huge club but good size and nice table set up and layout.  The host here are good people. Let me know if you need a referral.
1	I wish I could write a better review because....who wants to have a bad time while they are in vegas? Cons:- The place is small- Bad DJ- Staff standing around and you have to ask them to do their job...like check your id, give you a wrist band, stamp your wrist serve you alcohol - crowd not a good one (that's personal opinion)- went through a bad promoter I mean sometimes girls who promoters deem unattractive get worst service...my picture is up here if you think that's the reason then feel free to go to this place =)
4	Anniversary Weekend 2nd Stop Chris Jenner Celebrating B-day November 7Prior to our Vegas anniversary trip I noticed Chris Jenner would be celebrating her BDay on Friday at 1OAK. To surprise my wife I took her there. My Club promoters was able to place me on the guest list Friday Night for Kardashians moms Bday party. My wife absolutely warships the Kardashian franchise. I despise them cant event stand to listen to the show.TIP FOR CLUB GOERS- If your promoter is getting you access to a club show up before midnight; After midnight all the clubs will charge you. They started charging right as we got in FREEE YEEAH! . $30 Guys $20 Girls. Noticed this at other venues as well. Drinks at the club- bought beer Stellas $12 Coke for my flasked Remy $5ea.  My wife was starstruck upon seeing Ms Jenner and her entourage including her new boyfriend some other folks I dont know and Scott Dissomething or other oh and Monopoly man. She was taking pics having a good time. I was pretty much dancing by myself since she was in complete aww. The music was off the hook, hip hop, drake, Ms Jenner requested a lot of Kanye West. Scott was messing around rapping to some lyrics. BTW This guy is usually pimped out came looking like a sucka in his jammies. This is my second time at 1 OAK it was just as fun as the first. Confetti cannons, CO2 Cannons, Dollar Bill Cannons popping off throghout the night, light sticks being tossed everywhere.  Venue is small like others say, Dance Floor can get jam packed. Get drunk and get your shake on. Will be back!
1	Shouldn't be much of a surprise in terms of a low rating as it is a Light Group property. A company linked with various scandals including employee mistreatment.The club itself still plays hip hop even though Mirage has requested them not to due to many violent outbreaks at the club.The staff is ridiculous. The servers are not grade A quality. I would barely consider them 6-7s. Their attitudes are even worse than their looks. They don't go above and beyond for the fact that they are a small club and don't have has many tables. I'm sure they are just soaking up the auto grat. Security is even worse. I used to be a regular of the club so I celebrated my most recent birthday at this venue. About three hours after entering through a familiar guard. Security grabs me and tries to kick me out claiming my ID to be fake. They ripped apart my wallet which had all my work cards and credit cards and still didn't believe me. Even though, let me remind you I come here often AND it was my birthday AND I had been there for 3 hours and I had a table but upsold the table next to mine just moments before getting escorted out. My group of 15 was kicked out while they interrogated me but they did end up apologizing some 20 minutes later letting me back in. Again after they kicked out my friends and the table i upsold to was presented with their champagne and goose utterly confused by my disappearance as the kind gentleman purchased the champagne in honor of my birthday.
1	I went with a group of friends and family, guys and girls. We paid for bottle service. It seems you can't leave your table to go dance on the dance floor, because they will sell your table to another group, Even though you leave your stuff at the table. When we complained to the manager all he offered were free drinks. Free drinks? We wanted our table!! Worst Experience Ever!!! You dont get your monies worth. Not recommended!
1	This place is awful.  Way too overpriced for the bad service once inside.  Drinks are expensive.  The DJ that was there when we went does not even mix.  He also played the same songs multiple times throughout the night.  This place might pass for people from cities with no vibrant party culture but there are many better places in my city.  At the end of the night we went out to get a cab and we were told to get in an SUV.  The SUV driver charged us $50 for a 3 minute ride.  This place is bad.  I am thinking that this might be the typical strip nightclub experience.  Something I will never consider doing again.
5	This is one of my favorite spots to go to when I'm in Vegas. I don't club often but when I do, I always do 1 Oak. I had flown in for the day to spend time with my cousin for her birthday. Her man and got her a VIP table service there along with some other friends and family to celebrate.I must say that getting a table is the best way to have a full experience of 1 oak. My cousins all came in we were introduced to our hostess and security and our night went from there. On this particular night it wasn't as packed as it has been on my previous occasions. However, the DJ was still hot and the lighting was quite spectacular. I like that the DJ plays hip hop and top 40 in a good mixture of both. We ordered a few bottles and then later order some bottles of champagne. It was a great night!My other cousin enjoyed herself so much, she wants to plan to have her birthday there. So I look forward to coming back very soon!
2	Maybe I'm getting old but this was not for me. The music is a mix of hip hop and electronic which is okay. It's a typical vegas price (you get in free if you buy a drink, oh and the drink is 20 bucks! grr). Eh, just not my cup o tea!
1	Well where do I begin??? I actually came out  of town from Washington DC to celebrate my birthday with Khloe Kardashion I had reserved a table, I was in the process of paying for it when I was informed that MY table would be given to to a celebrity "Floyd Mayweather" whoever that is... I was told that I had to go into the general admission line where they werent letting any more people in because the club was over capacity so I left because of that to make this short my birthday was a bust!
