4	I always enjoyed the food and bar at Lisa G, but the inside felt a bit hollow to me. Now that the bungalow has been converted into the Main Ingredient, consider me a convert.They didn't seem to do much -- pop in a refined bar, some new furniture and a slick paint job -- but the place is warmer and much more welcoming. I actually want to hang out at the bar and have a beer (or three).The food is pretty ace (especially for opening night). Mindy's mac 'n cheese was so bitchin' and creamy, I should've just ordered it twice.I imagine I'll be hanging around this place quite a bit. It's relaxed, the prices are very reasonable, and the new crew seems in touch with their clientele.
4	Decided to surprise the boyfriend and have a little date here on their second day open. It was pouring outside, and we were welcomed in to the warm little home. For their 2nd day open & a Tuesday, they looked like they were doing well. Not overwhelmingly busy, but a lot of the tables were full. The interior reminds me a bit of the ol' Lisa G's, but with more use of the space and, of course, 8 delicious beers on tap for 5 bucks a pop, including (but not limited to) Ska True Blonde & 4 Peaks Hop Knot & 8th Street Ale. They also offer some bottles as well as wines. But it's an ale house, so of course I'm coming here for some ales! I heard they have happy hour from 11am-6pm. They have a small menu consisting of apps, sandwiches, salads, and desserts, with nothing over $10. We started with the artichoke dip (DELICIOUS!) and I tried my hand at the grilled cheese. It was good & filling. I definitely will try something different next time for a bit more variety. Thy sure got their stuff together for being open only a couple of days. I will be back. It's a nice little place to have a drink & a snack with some friends.
5	Nothing makes me happier than to visit a new establishment that over delivers on all points that matter to me.  I was a loyal fan of Lisa G. and was heartbroken to see her leave. However, I've made way for TMI to fill the void and as the song goes, My Heart Will Go On.The charming Sheridan bungalow takes on a new life with a new menu, new decor, new staff and a  great experience for you to enjoy.  The ambiance is perfect if you are, as I am, one for dim lit places that play old school/neo-soul/hip hop beats while chilling with a group of friends. The interior space is relaxed and the furniture very comfy. The Drink Menu has something for everyone. Wine, draft, maybe a cocktail. My choice, the Four Peaks Hefe and a sip of a friend's dirty martini.   The menu options are great and the prices even better. Although I only had the soup, I snuck a bite of Bacon's grilled cheese sandwich and Ayesha's mac & cheese. Both were amazing and I can't wait to go back for more. The staff was extremely friendly and timely even though the place was bustling. Our table had 11 people on separate checks but our server didn't even bat an eye. Cash out, easy breezy! Thanks TMI, I'm a fan.
4	I've never been to the former restaurant that was once housed in this quaint little building, so my first impressions may be a bit different from others.  I have always adored this house.  It's absolutely adorable and in such a good location.  I read over the weekend that the new restaurant here was opening, so we made a point to visit it sooner rather than later.We chose to go right after work, so there were only a few other people in here.  I really like the setup with the bar in it's own little alcove and seating situated throughout the rest of the house.  We were greeted immediately after walking in and we sat in a table by the window.  While we perused the menus I couldn't help but tap my feet to the killer old school music they were rockin'.  I ended up deciding on the grilled cheese to eat.The food was very good.  The sourdough bread was super toasty, literally grilled to perfection.  There was a ton of cheese in the sandwich, but I don't remember which kinds.  The important thing is that it was really tasty.  My only complaint is that the cheese wasn't ooey gooey.  it was melty, but I could still make out the shape of the cheese.  In my book of grilled cheese greatness, it needs to be a little messier.  The sandwich was also served with a side of chips or salad if you choose.  The chips were good and I ate them all up.  There was also a dill pickle, but I don't do dill pickles.I definitely think that this is a killer new spot that will do very well.  I have no doubt that this ultra-hip but non-pretentious spot will quickly become a neighborhood favorite.
4	Went in for happy hour tonight and really liked my experience -Robust beer and wine list, half price at happy hour and reasonably priced regularly make TMI a worthwhile stop on the way home from work. And, gourmet food at very reasonable, regular prices really hit home for me -- my grilled cheese sandwich on fresh sourdough was a highlight.  If you're an olive fan, get the bowl of house-marinated olives for $3 -- they are intensely flavorful and are a great compliment to your wine.The ambiance was also very cool -- in a 1920's house, dimly lit, and piping cool downtempo tunes gave the place a really chill vibe.  The outdoor patio will be great when it warms up a bit.My only criticism is the bar.  Way too small for a place like this, with only about five seats.  If they truly want to entice the bar-goers at TMI, they will need to radically expand the bar.Highly recommend for a casual drink, dinner or a get together with a large group of friends (the main space is very nice, and can accommodate larger parties).
5	I find myself in this neighborhood more frequently when I'm coming to visit my childhood friends. They still live in the same house they did forty years ago, when we were just bratty little kids terrorizing the block on our Big Wheels. So what a treat to find that The Main Ingredient was opening up just a hop and a skip away from my old stomping grounds!The word "alehouse" caught my eye originally, as I tend to be a sucker for any place that has a decent beer selection. I became a fan of this place on Facebook so I would be informed when they were ready for business. When I finally made it here, about a week after they opened, I was not disappointed. Ordered a nut-brown ale and some green chili mac 'n cheese. Also tried the artichoke spinach dip which was arguably the tastiest I've ever had. The mac n' cheese was creamy and comforting and the green chili subtle, but I wish it had more of a salty sharp cheesy bite to it. Also sampled a forkful of the Winner salad and it was indeed a winner.So I will return again to reminisce with childhood friends over a pint or three. And I won't hesitate to try the rest of the menu as the food here is obviously high caliber. I didn't ask about the origin of the name of the restaurant, but in my opinion, the main ingredient served here is love. Can you feel the love?
3	I originally gave Main Ingredient two stars based on my initial visit. Now that I have been several more times, I'm inclined to up it one star to three. Main ingredient, like so much in Phoenix, is nestled inside a historic bungalow. I love this style of restaurant or bar so much and it kind of makes me feel like it's Phoenix's thing. For the home bars, this is one of the cleaner ones. It's actually spotless, and they feature nicer charis, tables, etc. than most of the rest. Call it upscale, or comparable to Roosevelt if you will. Food here is good, I especially enjoy the Coronado Coney, a Schreiner's all beef hot dog with an awesome nut brown ale mustard and a locally made bun. The Red Goat is exceptional if you are in the mood for a salad, with goat cheese, strawberries, mixed greens, and a vinagrette. The standout here, though, is the Green Chile Mac N' Cheese. An absolute artery clogger, but phenomenal from start to finish. It's hard to fault The Main Ingredient for it's choice of music, too. The mix of 80's and 90's hip-hop fits the atmosphere so well and really gives off a house party type vibe. What's keeping this place from reaching 4 or 5 stars? The same thing that got it two stars from me initially, the shitty selection of beer. If you're going to call yourself an "ale house" then please consider stocking a really great selection of really great beers. The hipster beers (old style, schlitz, pbr) don't do it for me. I have taste. Please cater to it.
3	Three stars instead of four because I have a fundamental problem with restaurants that serve lunch food at dinner time. It's the main reason I haven't yet been to Carly's Bistro or Postino. I want something hot to eat with a knife and fork, thank you very much. Sandwiches (excluding burgers) and salads are mid-day meals.Vent over. On to the good stuff. This place is very welcoming, polished, and sophisticated without breaking the bank. They've only been open, what, two weeks? and the joint was hopping on this Friday evening around 5:45. We went for dinner and neither of us had drinks, so this review is for the ambience and food only. We ordered the chips and salsa, the olives (oh my goodness! Rosemary deliciousness!), the mac and cheese (the kudos have already been spread generously, and I agree with all of them, but I wish it came in a main-dish portion), the Griddled Cheese (looked fab, but hubby ate it in about three bites so I didn't get to try any) and the Tuna Salad Salad, which was delectable. Service was slow, but very apologetic and accurate. I think maybe they weren't expecting to be so busy, as they only had two servers for a packed house.One nitpicky complaint: why the big TV in the dining area? I can forgive it in a bar, but in the dining room I'd rather not be distracted (or watch my date get distracted) by X-treme Sports coverage overhead.I'd definitely go back for lunch, but I'll save my dinners out for places that actually serve dinner.
3	I went for dinner with a group of friends and was super excited for this place. I missed Lisa G's and unfortunately, my expectations exceeded reality. The menu was good and some of the items were somewhat original, but it was the same theme among restaurants serving lunch food for dinner.  Central Phoenix seems to be notorious for this and I typically do not mind it most nights but tonight was different. I split the mac and cheese and goat cheese salad with my friend that actually worked out perfect. The food was good, but somewhat bland. Thumbs up for the chili peppers in the mac and cheese to heighten the taste. The goat cheese salad with strawberry was flavorful but the dressing was a bit too sweet for my taste. My other other friends ordered the sandwiches that came with chips and were satisfied with their orders. They have a great beer draft menu and saw a couple of beers that I have not seen in other restaurants, which is a total plus! So the food was good and had a great selection of beer, so why 3 stars? The SERVICE from before I even stepped foot into the restaurant! I called earlier that day to see if they were taking reservations since we had 6 people. She said she wasn't sure if they were and that she would call me back. I never received a call so I called back later that day for a followup. During dinner, there was a consensus that our service was not up to par, and we thought our server had some personal issues going on. After speaking with the waiter, who was very nice once he talked, made it known to us that they were understaffed and was having a busy night. I didn't think it was his fault for his lack of service but thought that management should of hired enough people, especially on a Friday night. I am planning to revisit at a later time when they are more established and I have great hopes for a better experience.
5	I wanted to give this place a second go-around before writing my review.  I felt like I might have just been over-hyped into believing this place was THAT great after my first encounter.  During that trip, I had the Coronado Coney  and it was amazing.  So I went back last night and got the Tuna Sandwich.  It was also amazing.  So I give in to the hype and award my five stars.The place is awesome. I love the house, the layout, the tables, the servers, and the location.  I LOVE the old school hip hop music - it totally makes this place unique.  I love the food that is accompanied by homemade crisps and a kosher pickle.  I love the happy hour that runs till 6 and the accompanying beer selection.I love this place.One suggestion - dump the damn 4 Peaks beer.  Everyone has it, it's not that good, and there is better stuff out there.  Also - add a cider to your selection.
4	I'm such a horrible Coronado resident, I didn't even know Lisa G's closed. Welcome Main Ingredient, it's so great to have you. This place is a really great addition to the already fabulous hot spots in the Coronado hood. But what I'm really excited about is the prices, not as steep as The Tuck Shop but the same great service and arguably food. I love the patio and decor it's a perfect neighborhood bar. I'm never in a hurry to leave once I get there. The restrooms were tidy but I didn't like the fact that they were both communal bathrooms. The toilet seats were up in both bathrooms each time I went. C'mon! Let the ladies have their own bathroom!
4	Jason B. and I tried this place for Dinner last night. Having read the reviews on Yelp we were prepared for the lunch food for dinner. I think a sandwich for dinner is great every now and again!We started with the TMI Dip, which was warm cream cheese with chunks of Jalapenos and lost of tasty crispy bread. This was good; I think the dip needed a little something else to make it perfect, but a good start to our meal.Then we shared the Mac and Cheese, and OMG was this Mac and Cheese the best I have EVER had. There was tons of good quality creamy cheese, and green chilies. WOW don't change a thing!I order for my main meal The Sheridan, which was spicy and very good. The salami and turkey made for a really well put together sandwich. I also had the side salad, which was dressed with the BEST balsamic vinaigrette! So good, I wanted more salad...So next time I will for sure order a salad with the vinaigrette.I definitely recommend The Main Ingredient, even for the non drinkers out there, the food is really well put together!
4	Better than a jab in the eye, that's for sure.In all seriousness, TMI is a great spot thus far for the busy downtown lunch crowd. I've been twice since opening, once for happy hour drinks and another for lunch. While the draft beer selection leaves something to be desired, the bottled selection is a notch above standard fare. As mentioned in previous reviews, Four Peaks is near and dear to my heart but I can throw rocks from almost any point in Phoenix and hit a pub/restaurant with their beers. At least they have Hop Knot, which most places do not have on draft.Sampled thus far from the menu: Chips and Salsa, of which neither are store bought, chips are thin and appropriately salted. The salsa is medium, as stated on the menu, but with a good consistency and just a hint of heat.TMI Dip, with bits of jalapenos in a warm cheese sauce this appetizer really hits the spot. A generous amount of bread chips is given along with and the quantity went the distance of the dip, which can be a problem sometimes (I'm thinking pita and hummus, never enough pita)2na sammy, warm tuna with tomatoes and onions on a buttery bun. I can say I was satisfied but it seemed almost... bland. I'll probably give it another shot when I've gone through other menu items.Past what I sampled personally, I've seen the veggie sandwich, the griddled cheese (very cheesy!) and the coney. A friend called TMI's coney the best "hot dog" he's had in Phoenix. A lofty claim to be sure, but it did look excellent, maybe I'm just a sucker for mustard (which looked homemade).Chips with pickle or mixed greens as the sides of the hour for the entrees, I've had both and found the chips to be my preference. The mixed greens could use, something, anything really to win me over. Postinos standard greens, dressing, cherry tomatoes and pine nuts aren't over the top but seem much more appealing. I can say the house dressing on the greens is great.I've finally arrived at my negative comment, the service. I'm unfamiliar with the experience level of the servers but on both occasions my party has sat on the patio and each time the servers were sub-par. First time around we sat with empty glasses for 5-10 minutes on multiple occasions, though it was 6-7:30 and not particularly busy outside. The second encounter (lunch) was met with a server who seemed nervous and failed to correctly take my orders "quirk", I asked for the mixed greens WITH the pickle as well (on the previous trip my friend had this done without any issue). It's minor, but worth the mention as I think pickles are divine gifts from the heavens.I'm excited to have a good lunch spot to meet friends during the week, I only hope that the draft selection gets a bit more variety and the servers shake off the opening jitters to really kick some ass.
4	When I was in grade school, my best friend lived next door. We would do everything together but then one day my best friend moved away. A new family moved in with another kid my age. I effing hated that kid. He had a stupid name and a stupid face and he lived in my friend's house! How dare he?!Over time, once I gave him a chance it turned out the new kid wasn't so bad. We even became friends and he played a mean second base at kickball."The Main Ingredient? Seriously? That is a tragically terrible name." Is a direct quote from somewhere in the middle of a conversation I had with my good friend Julia T about the new establishment in the old Lisa G's location. Then after arriving: "Julia, they serve sandwiches and salads. Nothing here even has a goddamned main ingredient."But ya know what? The new kid aint so bad! My sandwich (the calvano) seriously good,like SERIOUSLY, and remember I didn't want to like it at all. I also had a bite of the tuna melt and it was awesome as well. One thing I will bring up is that the booze selection leaves a bit to be desired. Crown and JD are the only two whiskey's. Seriously, new friend, fix this or I am going to be forced to make fun of you with the other kids behind your back.
5	Defining things in the negative is dangerous, but in this case, a little negative-definition is necessary: TMI isn't a fake dive bar frequented by white kids pretending to be poor; it isn't a fake (insert European nationality here) pub; it isn't trying to serve over-priced small plates; it doesn't have super sexy low lighting or uncomfortable chairs.It is a low-key house-turned bar that serves solid food executed extremely well, alongside beer and wine that has obviously been selected with care by fans of things that taste good.The sandwiches here are really a reminder about how good a sandwich can be, flirting with the platonic ideal in sandwich-ness.  The mac n' cheese is just like mom made it, baked and crusty and rich.  The salads are simple and delicious.Happy hour is really generous - $2.50 draught beers and $4 selected glasses of wine.  The tap beer selection is better than anywhere else in downtown Phoenix, excepting the Roosevelt, which is very un-hang-outable.  I've sipped three or four glasses of other people's wines, and the wine selection is really great as well.Best of all, kind of like Casey Moore's in Tempe, the bar is starting to act as a great place to see the diversity of folks who live in the Coronado and Roosevelt neighborhoods.
4	This place is utterly adorable. It oozes a vibe that is warm yet modern, chic but not hipster-chic, urban yet friendly. I went here last week with some friends for drinks and while the prices are about the same as you'd find anyplace else ($4-6 pints), the real draw to Main Ingredient is how cool and hip you feel hanging out here. I also like how they have Four Peaks Hefe on draft, as well as other interesting pours like the Avery White Rascal. Never heard of it before but I tried it and it was delicious! I'm definitely planning on going back to try the food. The mac n' cheese looks amazing (and not just because we share a moniker) as well as the jalapeno cream cheese with crostini appetizer.
4	I liked it.  Go check it out...Let me tell you what I liked about it:-Food was good quality and yummy.-Beer and wine selection was above par and had some great choices.-They introduced me a great new Imperial IPA called Oskar Blues 'Gordon.'-The artichoke cheese dip was AWESOME (I highly recommend you try this.)-Environment this place is cute and fun.  We sat at the communal table (about 12 feet long) and enjoyed our first trip.Areas for improvement:-The menu was SMALL (only a handful of choices in each category - appetizers, sandwiches, salads.)-The side salad was....um...lettuce and nothing more.Overall...I will be going back...soon.
4	Here is my concise review.  Mac and Cheese, GREAT.  Olives appetizer also fabulous.  Sandwiches, pretty good.  Beer and wine good.  Service terrific.  Unfortunately the acoustics of the room we were seated in were not so good.  In other words it was loud and difficult to hear my wife's conversation.  Perhaps something can be done to absorb the noise (for instance some well placed cloth wall hanging might help).  Overall, we had a good experience and would go again.
5	I heard good things about the Main Ingredient and decided to check it out for a Friday happy hour.  Drinks were half off until 6, which was nice.  I was not sure what to expect, since I don't always have the best of luck when I go to places that are newly opened.  This place went beyond my expectations, especially with the food.  We started with the antipasto plate, which was great.  We decided to stick around for dinner.  The sandwiches were amazing, especially the roast beef.  I would definitely go back.
4	Went to TMI--ha ha... I still think the acronym is funny--yesterday with a friend for lunch and we both were pretty content with our experience and orders. She had a salad with pistachios and goat cheese and I had The Sheridan, a turkey/salami sandwich, hold the mustard, light on the mayo. REALLY good.... especially due to the salami... it makes you notice it--and happily so--in every bite...and I have to admit, I am particular about salami!When we ordered, our waitress forgot to ask if I wanted chips or salad and I got the salad when she returned with our orders... I politely mentioned that I had wanted chips and she didn't even question... just brought me the chips--that's good service in my book! I see what other yelpers mean by the side salad just being lettuce... my friend and I quite liked the dressing and since I also had chips free of charge, I guess I didn't feel the emptiness other yelpers felt about it. In the end I agree, a salad should have a couple more ingredients to call itself a salad. C'mon, just a few tomatoes, maybe some green onions or nuts of some sort...The chips were very fresh and I have a feeling their made fresh on site... and if not, they definitely fooled me! And, back to my sandwich... I had been discussing eating at Culvers and thinking the burger was alright but that in the end I don't care for burgers unless you put The Fez in front of it. Happily, when our order arrived, I noticed that the shape of the panini style sandwich was much like the longer length of bread that Fez uses for their burgers... each side of sandwich truly looked like a meal per...so, after my morning hike I'm going to have the other half for breakfast. Leftovers hold a "no time like the present" status, no matter what kind of meal they are in my house because they also hold the "definitely going to expire soon" unwritten label on them. And heck, sometimes I feel like breaking stereotypes and labels much like musicians do when they describe their music. Don't try to pigeonhole a meal... if it's tasty and good, why should it only be eaten or desired at certain times of day? But I digress.So in the end, if you're in the mood for sandwiches, I feel TMI is a worthy competitor for your sandwiching desires! The ambiance is still Lisa G esque and I love their local pride... there was a painting above the mantle of the Phoenix symbol with a silhouette of the city below it... reminded me of the phrase "Love Phoenix or leave Phoenix" and made me happy to be dining in one of our local establishments.
2	In the former Lisa G. spot (RIP my love) TMI is now what you will find, and apparently I am the only person in the universe who isnt madly in love with it.I came here a few weeks ago for dinner/drinks with the boy since he had heard from a co-worker that their menu was pretty delicious, and more specifically that their mac n cheese was to die for.. Well let me tell you what, I had it, and it's not that great. At least on this particular night, I was definitely not impressed. It was loaded with peppers that completely overpowered any other flavor that may have been there. The boy had one of their *awesome* grilled cheeses, which again, wasn't something i would rave about, mostly because it was so unmemorable and basic, plus I kinda hate it when a place serves mainly lunch options for dinner. I like sandwiches as much as the next guy, but not for dinner. However, they do have a decent drink menu, lots of beers, wine & even liquor, so whatever your alcoholic heart desires, you will find it here..Our service was a mess, I think we had 3 different waiters asking us the same questions over and over, then forgetting and asking them again. I don't care if the place was packed, get it together dudes.The interior was classy & cute, but also a zoo.. So packed that I couldn't even get to the bathroom, people running into our table as they walked by and at one point I watched our waiter stand for 3 whole minutes, plates in hand, waiting for people to get the hell out of the way so he could drop them on our table. Maybe I am just impatient.. Anyway I realize this place is new, so there's definitely hype, but over all, I was just really disappointed in what I had hoped would be a close match to its previous occupant. I will give it another shot, but I'm in no rush.
4	I am secretly in love with this place. Unless wearing a shirt that says "I  [heart] TMI" is not subtle enough.I will count down the things that I love about this place: -The Main Ale (Four Peaks-brewed blonde amazingness)-Artichoke Heaven (exactly what it sounds like)-Mindy's Mac and Cheese (a homemade recipe that is a must-order)-The Calvano (one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten)-The modern/hand-made bar-The patio-The overall ambiance There are probably more things, but those are the main ones that keep me coming back. If you come by during their happy hours, you are doing yourself a favor. So, you're welcome.
3	Slightly "off". Cute place, decent menu, okay beer/wine list, meh ambiance, average service. The best analogy I can make is like a Roosevelt-lite. It's similarly decorated, similarly cramped, similarly styled, but not as good.I found nothing on the beer list that knocked my socks off. Heavy on the Four Peaks offerings, which is fine, but if I wanted some Four Peaks beer... I would just go. I felt the same about the wine list. The food menu manages to be small yet versatile at once -- more than one token vegetarian option, for example -- although I agree with the sentiment about lunch foods for dinner (as in: no). The grilled cheese has potential, although mine arrived slightly undercooked, flaccid, and room temperature in the middle. The side salad was awesome! Simplicity is sometimes a good thing in a salad. A generous amount of field greens with the perfect amount of some light lemony dressing -- just delicious. My SO had some turkey sandwich with jalapeno cream cheese that he seemed quite fond of. After the meh-ness of the beer and wine list, I was hoping to take advantage of the supposedly full bar. Coffee with Kahlua, Bailey's, anything like that? Um, no. The waitress (who would only deign to engage my SO with eye contact, preferring to stare at the floor when speaking to me) said some people have it with whiskey. Fine. The coffee wasn't super hot, and she never even asked about cream and sugar. We shared the ice cream sampler -- one dish each of vanilla, stout, and salted caramel almond -- for dessert. The vanilla was excellent, with a rich malty finish. The stout, well, kind of reminded me of coffee (but delicious nonetheless). The salted caramel almond was too much of a good thing -- too much salt, too many nuts, too sweet, too much of a punch in the mouth. The crowd was bizarre. We got there pretty early for a Saturday, 6 pm, and the place was packed! We were lucky to score a table amid the couples on dates and guys playing cards. By the time we finished up, the place was half-empty, leaving us next to the table full of loud chicks with a toddler. Will we be back? Well, probably - it's a stone's throw from home, and I'm curious to try the mac-and-cheese. Will it end up on the regular rotation list? Not so sure about that.
4	Funk yeah! This place is the sheet for chilling downtown without the frown. Where else are you going to swamp yourself in artisan suds as well as the classic Shlitz? Rhetorical question--no where.Just the Tips:- Roast beef sandwich is mostly awesome.- They have AZ wines if your man-meter doesn't sink to skunky beers.- If you want to talk to your pretty lady and retain your voice, sit outside.- For you veggies and squirrels, the mixed nuts and olives are well portioned.
4	I really was impressed with this place, I thought the service was fine (but we sat at the bar) and the food we had was delicious!  We split a cup of olives and a salad - and the sizes were terrific, the pours were generous and the beer was realy yummy (according to my fiance, as I don't drink that stuff!)The atmosphere was classy, but very relaxed - he was in tie dye, jeans and a nice leather jacket, and I was in a skort and a t-shirt with a vest (straight from my son's field trip to Tucson.)  We felt "right at home" and it was nice to be able to have a quick, somewhat romantic, drink before parting for our Friday evening. I am not sure what would have given it a 5...maybe just worried still about the newness, the lack of organization, the who ambience wasn't quite up to par with my favorite haunts (SENS, Rokerij, Hana, 4Peaks, Roosevelt, etc.)  - but it's something I am going to keep trying because this place has so much potential - and we just weren't HUGE LisaG fans...so we are excited to see the patio and the new vibe.  Good LUCK!
4	Enjoyed lunch at the bar with my wife while on vacation.  The bartender was one of the owners, the wife half who works a full time job elsewhere and the rest of her free time at the restaurant.Nice beer selection, just the right size floor plan with great outdoor space, and you could feel the care the new owners put into the place.Great neighborhood cafe.
2	Meh.It's been open long enough that the servers should know what they are doing.  Not quite.  Went on a week night and it wasn't really crowded.  Our server was funny but kept being pulled in 5 different directions.  Not to mention he overran my friends credit card by $86.  They fixed it promptly the next day but really?  I had the mac and cheese.  It was greasy!  Seriously, it was in a pool of oil.  The green chiles that are in the mac don't go well.  They also aren't chopped so it's like pulling out long stringy things amid a pool of oil.My friend had the grilled cheese.  He said it was extrememly average.Meh.
4	First time at the new restaurant in a familiar location.     I was a fan of Lisa G's (I knew Lisa).     Maybe I had some lingering wistfulness about the previous establishment.     But not anymore.We had lunch at TMI.     The menu is great!     No matter what your taste, you will find something you like.     In fact, although it is not a huge menu, I will venture that you will find several things you like.     I did and I'm a pretty picky eater.Our server was friendly and helpful.     The food was really, really good.    Next time I want to try dinner and sample some ale.    We will be back!
3	i love mac n' cheese & i love the dark.  these 2 facts make me like this place. the service was good. the prices were reasonable. they had a decent selection of craft beer & local wine. the dark colors and candles were comforting.  (however this atmosphere makes the headlights from the cars parking up against the windows somewhat more obtrusive)a solid 3 stars for me.. i wasn't blown away, but i wasn't disappointed....p.s. i think maybe i'll miss lisa g's..?!
3	Decided to go here on my first trip with an out of towner. Ended up being a pretty good impression. They loved it.I didn't have a chance to see much of the inside as it was so gorgeous out, I couldn't help but sit on the patio. However, I love the look and feel. It feels homey and comfortable, but almost like your home is in the middle of a tiny forest. The food was good. Between our appetizer and our food we left completely stuffed. For a main dish I had to try the much deliberated mac and cheese. While it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was good and a great fit for the night. I paired it with, well, a glass of Kung Fu Girl Riesling... suits me well I think. My visitor had one of the sandwiches with chips and found it perfect. The service was on par except for when it came to get our bill. Then, we sat there for 10 minutes and had to flag him down. Additionally, our appetizer came out at the same time as our main dishes.Food Good. Service Good. Not sure I would come again on my own will, as the menu isn't standing out in my head a week later, but I will probably end up here again somehow, and I won't mind.
4	TMI = T mmmmmmm I. So happy that something this good & neighborhoody feeling went into the old Lisa G's spot. Definitely try to go before it gets too hot to sit outside!
5	Woohoo indeed.  I love visiting Phoenix and finding these cute little places that are in remade old houses.  TMI has a simple menu with excellent mac & cheese and good salads.  Their beer list is pretty good, with more than half of it being AZ brews, which I definitely enjoy trying.  Also, the prices on everything are fair, even cheap.  Even though the place is small, it was not totally packed when we were there and there is plenty of parking in their lot.  They have music playing late at nihgt, so it gives it more of a bar feel than a restaurant.  Yay for The Main Ingredient.
4	We stopped in here after a brisk walk from the light rail and were immediately greeted, even before stepping in. Inside, it was busy. Virtually every table was sat and the bar was full. Maybe it had to do with the building itself, but there was nothing about TMI that made it seem new or recently-opened to me. The vibe felt like it could have been here for years.Although we were only out for drinks, the food looked really tempting. I remember seeing the Coronado Coney on the menu and rethinking having dinner #2. I skipped it, but I'll be back, don't you worry. I had some draft Nimbus and noticed that their entire draft selection was either local or Westcoast, which later was explained to us as no accident. Some Dogfish Head, Stone, or some imports would be delicious additions, but it's not like you can't go anywhere else and get it.After finally making our way to the bar, we chatted with the owners and tried a previously mentioned luscious dessert/drink made with an imperial porter and raspberry vodka. The owner was playing some oldschool Outkast from his laptop behind the bar, and I sampled an IPA out of Colorado (?) that I definitely want next time. I'll be back soon.
5	There's nothing better than a tasty cold beer and some good tunes on a warm lazy afternoon, and TMI is an awesome place to kick back and enjoy just that.  The beer selection, albeit somewhat small, is handpicked and lists some of the top beers around AZ.  One of my personal faves is the Imperial Stout - not only does it taste great, but I'm pretty sure its over 8% and definitely packs a punch.  The one-page menu has a tasty selection of appetizers, salads, and sandwiches, as well as some incredible desserts!  One of the first dishes I tried was the green chile mac n cheese, and what a great first impression.  I'm kind of a mac n cheese junkie... TMI's is creamy and yummy and the green-chiles give it just a bit of kick.  I've had several of the other menu items as well.  The artichoke dip is sooooooo good.  Even my housemate, who typically turns his nose at such appetizers, loves this one!  And the chips are from La Tolteca - perfectly crunchy and a little salty.  The salsa is being made in-house now and is so much better than before - great change, guys!My absolute menu favorite is the recently added CASH MONEY sandwich, which is a house-made cashew butter, cabernet red pepper jelly, and sliced banana sandwich, toasted ever so slightly and served with chips (which are great when stacked on the sandwich, too - love that crunch!).  My second favorite entree is the Coney Dog.  Sorry to all my veggie friends, but this is so good I just can't help it!  This dog is topped with finely chopped red onions and house-made brown-ale-mustard, served on a small baguette.  I haven't had a thing at TMI that isn't delicious yet!And if you like desserts, you MUST try the chile-chocolate cheesecake.  It might sound a little weird, but believe me, its just the right amount of chile to give an incredible flavor to what is already a delicately delicious cheesecake.  I've also tried a couple of the ice cream flavors and they totally deliver.  I haven't tried the Imperial Stout float, yet, but I'm pretty positive that's going to knock my socks off when I do.I've always experienced excellent service at TMI.  Matt and Courtney always greet me with smiles, as do the rest of the staff.  One of my pet peeves is a sweaty drink dripping all over the table, so whenever I sit at the tables I ask for a coaster for my beer -- the servers (O'Leary rocks!) are always pleasantly accomodating.  I've never been ill treated or ignored, and not once has my server just disappeared when I'm ready to ask for the check.As for overall decor, TMI is in a historic house in the Coronado neighborhood and is casual enough for jeans and sneakers, but for those folks who wave the fashionista flag, not to be discouraged -- TMI is swanky enough to support your trendy ass, too!  Inside are two small rooms with what appears to be the original wood floor and a candlelit fireplace.  The furniture (a couple high tops, couple low two-tops, and a long 16-person farmhouse table) are all cozy and comfortable while still giving an upscale impression.The bar itself appears to be one big solid piece of wood, and its my understanding was custom made by the guy who owns the Royal coffee shop at the Phx Public Market.  But nothing sets a restaurant apart, in my eyes, like an awesome patio.  TMI has a huge patio that wraps around the house, and there are plenty of tables and shade to enjoy Matt's custom playlists (mostly laid-back hip hop). The music isn't so loud as to ever be overbearing, but loud enough that you'll eventually notice your head has been nodding in time to the music as you munch out.Hands down I absolutely love this place, and its pretty awesome that I can walk the three blocks over to hang out. :)---------------------------------------------I am editing this review to add the following helpful suggestions:- In summer months, a coaster would really keep my table tidy because the cold drinks sweat so much.- Printed menus on nice paper are a great touch, but they should be swapped out with fresh, clean versions when they get smudged with food.
3	The restuarant is an old house and the decor inside was pretty nice.  They have Hot Sandwiches and Salads to choose from. I had the RB&C which is a roast beef sandwich with horseradish sauce. It was served with Kettle chips and a pickle.  It was A-OK.  I'll just leave it at that.  :P
4	i first saw a blurb about this place in a little insert in new times i think? then a buddy of mine had mentioned it even tho he has yet to be there. well he was busy so i went over solo after work. the main ingredient ale house is a quaint looking place, kinda like, you know, a house. a good sized patio. good to bring a group. *happy hour is all day monday. the rest of the week is 11-6p. drafts are 2.50. decent selection of drafts, about 8 of them. none of that bud light shit. a few were from four peaks. first choice was the ska brewing decadent ipa. 10% alc. it was damn tasty. the other beer i had was recommended by the barkeep/server Heather: odell red ale. also very good. their bottle selection should not be overlooked either. the rest is some wine junk.would like to go back, maybe try some food, and def try some more beer :)
4	I ate here once when it was Lisa G's and wasn't too impressed. Yes, I have to admit that I laughed heartily at the "bowl of balls" they had on their menu, but that wasn't enough for me to go back.Now that it's The Main Ingredient, I went with low expectations. I had the Winner salad - with turkey and salami and was impressed. The service was a little slow, but I liked what they did with the inside. It's another refurbished house and filled with quaint tables inside. It's got a killer patio, although I'm sure for only a few more weeks before it's intolerable to sit outside. I went a few days ago and had the strawberry goat cheese salad. We originally chose to sat inside, but there was blaring hip-hop music. I LOVED it, but the two people I went with for work didn't enjoy it as much. I thought hip-hop at noon was charming, but we ended up sitting outside. The service wasn't stellar, but they seemed a bit overwhelmed that day. However, it's a great place to lunch if you've got a little bit extra time. You can also easily pick up from here for to-go goodness. I've heard the sandwiches are good for gluten-lovers. I just love finding another place not too far from downtown that has awesome salads (because I get sick of going to Cibo every day). Check them out, and go a little early for the best service. And hey, if you like hip-hop - maybe you'll get lucky and sit inside on a day similar to the experience I just had. PS it also looks like it has a full bar - score!I've seen them fit larger (10?) parties outside or inside if you just let them know ahead of time.
4	I had seen The Main Ingredient on channel 10 news one morning and had been wanting to try it for a while. Went on a Saturday for lunch and the patio was packed and it was windy so we decided to sit inside. Love the modern decor and the way everything was set up. The music was awesome and we heard an upbeat version of John Legend singing 'Ordinary People' in Spanish but it was SO loud I almost felt like I was yelling. The artichoke dip was great! Huge chunks of artichoke and light on the cheese unlike your usual heavy mayo, heavy cheese, full of oil and sits on the bottom of your stomach dip. I had the Charli2na (I think that's how it was spelled) on sourdough with kettle chips. Very good and the bread was really fresh! My other half had The Sheridan. OMG!! Amazing! So flavorful! Turkey, genoa salami, cheddar cheese and greens on a fresh roll. I immediately said, 'This is like a party in your mouth!!' Also they had coca cola with real sugar cane in a bottle. Tastes SO much better! Overall, everything was wonderful but I would turn the music down just a smidge. Considering that it's a pretty small place:)
5	Seriously.  This place is fabulous. TMI is tucked on Sheridan, just east of 7th Street. Evidently, the space used to house Lisa G's. I didn't live in AZ then, so no clue on that. After living in SoCal, The Pacific NW, Chicago, and Europe, one of the main drawbacks of AZ is the lack of hip, delicious, unpretentious eateries. Thank goodness for TMI. It's chic but not snobby. On some days it reminds me of a German pub as you've got people from all ages congregating, it's fabulous! The decor is sleek, warm, and soft. There is a large patio and seating is available for both large and small groups...even intimate tucked away corners if you want a romantic dinner. I love the food, The Calvano with Turkey is the best sandwich I have ever had...ever. Hands down. Chic, fun, delish.  Life is good at TMI.
4	Found myself here on a Friday night after a few friends suggested it. Lucky for us, our friends gave us a good suggestion.The atmosphere is cool - a vintage/modern look. The restaurant in located in what looks to be an old brick home. I wanted to see more of the inside, but it was really nice outside, so we decided to sit on their equally nice patio. The staff was nice enough. But the food was the best part. Good quality ingredients paired well together.
4	Awesome atmosphere cant best happy hour all day on Mondays..Looking out at the phoenix megalopolis this phoenix home has been transformed into an oasis near down town.Its 1940s style gentrified house into a great watering hole and more.Sorta reminds me of the lost leaf wood floors and outside patio n such.Many draft beers to choose from a perfect place to come to for a few drinks and a gourmet style soup , salad sandwich ..and even a all beef hot dog which may make you reconsider your life decision of not eating them.I saw a range of people there from fixed gear tattoo covered hip-sters to people my parents age drinking the Merlot and getting into the mini van after.The music was some ones very eclectic down tempo electronic chill mix peppered with an assortment of emo ish / mild hip hop rap stuff.. I guess further reinforcing my hypothesis that there indeed may be, some thing for everything here.We had a range of things from a house made salsa to a meat and cheese dish for appetizers. After 4 beers two hours a basketball game and some salsa I think it was round a 20 spot.Nice.They got a bar.. I guess.. Real limited to what you can order. Plasma TV for all you sports junkies. Certainly a good vibe'd spot to hang out.Certainly a stop next pub crawl I embark on that direction.
3	03/12/10Four stars for the food and atmosphere, but I deducted a star for the service.  I was to meet a couple of friends for happy hour here, but I arrived almost two hours before they did.  (He was waiting to get off work and had to swing by to pick up his wife, and I was getting hungry!  They knew this, so it wasn't an issue.)  (As you can see, it's been two months since our visit, so I forgot the name of the awesome server that was first assigned to me... silly me, I know, but I can say that it was a name of Hispanic origin.  HOWEVER, I do remember quite well the name of the server that took over our party, (a fave gemstone of mine), since my original server was assigned to work the patio.  We all considered leaving, but my friends had heard a few Yelpers and me talk TMI up a few days before at the Yelp In Bloom event and wanted to check out the ales and food.)OK, onto the food!!I came to check out the happy hour app menu, which I sadly found does not exist.  While there are beverages discounted during happy hour, the list isn't very long.  I understand that there's only one or two wines by the glass on it, as well as one or two draft ales.  I think he tried the Oak Creek Nut Brown (thumbs down) and two glasses of the White Rascal (thumbs up!).  (Another testimony to the subpar service showed us by that-who-goes-by-a-jewel's-moniker is that he was overcharged by not one, but TWO beer selections.  It's always a good idea to check your receipts!).So what did I eat??  I had the terrific RB & C, made w/ roast beef, muenster cheese, and horseradish sauce on a baguette.  If you haven't already done so, you must RUN at this very moment to TMI and order one!!  Everything about this sandwich, as well as the side salad that accompanied it, was faultless!  From the deliciously aromatic, crusty baguette; melty muenster; ample portion of roast beef- cooked to juicy perfection!; and the divine horseradish sauce, I was in "thunderbolt city" with every saporous bite!  It was a battle of willpower vs. a basal desire for full sensory gratification.  Willpower won, my Mom able to enjoy the other half-sandwich later that night, but only because I was going to order the Artichoke Heaven, a dip which consisted of atichoke hearts and a blend of three cheeses, to share with my friends (they had it w/ LT chips, and I had mine w/ crostini and house-fried potato chips).  This dish went over well!!  Definitely a must-order-again selection.  Friends' selections were the Griddled Cheese and house-made salsa and LT chips.  Both sandwich and salsa were very tasty!  FYI: my friend had a hard time trying to order a Tequila Sunrise.  First, our server wasn't familiar with the cocktail.  Second, we were told by our server that the barkeep did not know what it was either.  After a few minutes, and by then, I started asking if I could get a Sidecar (no), a bartender finally came up and said that they lacked the grenadine to make a TS.  (No on the Sidecar, bec. they didn't carry lemon juice.)  Thought I should mention this.p.s.  I just remembered... when I first arrived and sat in the main dining area of TMI, I was only one of maybe three people sitting there.  I found the music to be disconcertingly loud.  I can't recall if I put in a request for the level to be lowered...  By the time my friends arrived, it was busier out in the patio and in the main dining room; we'd moved to the community table next to the bar area, and we were practically shouting at each other as we tried to carry on a conversation.  Not ideal.  At least, not for me.FYI, I heard from Matt D., the owner, that eight draft beers, two wines by the glass, and all cocktails are discounted during happy hour.  I'll have to go back soon and see if they'll make a revised Sidecar for me using lime juice!
3	the best thing about TMI is their happy hour where you can choose from about 7 draft beers for $2.50.  i tried their humboldt brown ale which is brewed with hemp seeds (go figure) and added it to my list of favorites. i also tried their main ale which was decent, had a kind of funky after taste but light enough to compliment the warm sunny afternoon.  for food, i went with the cooney dog while my friend opted for the grilled cheese and my gf went with the tuna. the hot dog was definitely the standout.  anything made with schreiner's sausage is going to be delicious and the baguette it was served on gave it an interesting twist. nothing says a wednesday afternoon like an ice cold beer and a delicious dog.  the other two sandwiches were forgettable, as were the house-made chips which were greasy, soft, and lacked any flavor (they needed salt).  the sun was beating in on us at 3 in the afternoon and the shades they had in there did little to block it out. our service was spotty, it took about 20 minutes to get our food when the place wasn't that busy. i was rather disappointed in this cute coronado grub spot.
4	I am at the point where I'm making up reasons to go to The Main Ingredient, it's gotten that bad. I love it. Jumbo Coney Island Hot dogs, baked crusty green chili mac and cheese and more microbrews than I can even count all set to old school East Coast hip hop? Be still my heart!I can't remember the last time I've been to a place with that killer of a vibe. Actually, I'm lying, I can totally remember. It was Hanny's in January of '09. Restaurants never cease to amaze me at how little attention they pay (it seems) to the music/background noise they pump out into their business as if it's a minor detail. I for one completely disagree as the music and vibe are the difference for me between a quick 45 min meal or a 3 hour one. And you can guess the difference between the tabs/tips on the latter one.Anyhoo, the food is always consistently fresh and tasty. Nothing overtly fancy, mostly sanwiches and salads with a few just like mom made favorites like mac and cheese and grilled cheese thrown on for good measure. Everything is pretty much in the $6-$9 range as well which is awesome. Service matches the vibe, very unassuming and laid back but never lazy or unattentive. I remember being sad when Lisa G closed her doors but I couldn't be happier with the restaurant that took her place!
2	Well, the boyfriend and I decided to make a second trip here last night. Sad to say that we didn't have such a great experience this time. We sat outside on the patio because it was a gorgeous night. There weren't very many other patrons so I don't know why it took our server forever to come over. We explained that we WEREN'T in a hurry and that we would probably have a few beers and ordered an appetizer and an entree. The beers took a while to come out and the appetizer came out shortly after. Now, the food was definitely not the problem. It certainly did not dissapoint even this time. But a few bites into the appetizer the sandwich comes out and we've barely gotten into the app let alone we've hardly had a chance to touch our drinks!! We both agreed we would have rather had them just hold the sandwich for us while we had some time to get through the beginning of our meal. Here's the cherry topping...with the sandwich we had a choice of greens or chips. I swear we practically said in stereo, CHIPS. We didn't get chips. As a matter of fact, we didn't even get our server back to say, 'We ordered chips.' So we ate the greens with balsamic dressing (did not dissapoint, even though it's not what we ordered), finished our sandwich and beers and decided we did not want to spend any more money at an establishment that was going to give us crappy service. Needless to say, I doubt we'll be back any time soon. Which sucks. Because the food is great. :-/
4	Beer.....tastey, mouth-watering beer. Eight straight from heaven rotating taps that dispence little miracles in a glass. Almost as good, the happy hour price on beer. They are practically giving it away.  Main Ingredient, I don't know how you do it, but, I love you.
3	Went here for lunch with a co-worker and split a sandwich and a salad. We were suprised at how big the portions were - absolutely plenty for lunch and maybe even dinner. There isn't much to the place, but that's okay. If you've been to Lisa G.'s expect to get DejaVu' because nothing has really changed - expect the photo of Lisa G. is gone from over the fireplace and the sandwiches just aren't quite as tasty. I'm looking to go back for an after work drinks and app. This is absolutely a lunch time or after work snack place - the menu is pretty basic and very lunchesque. A downtown spot worth supporting, but don't expect to have your socks knocked off.
4	Just came back from my second visit to The Main Ingredient, and I definitely plan to return! I'd been to this location a few times when it was Lisa G.'s, and I'm happy to report that MI is superior (I always found Lisa G.'s a little pretentious and overpriced). Sandwiches are great - the Jive Turkey and Tuna sandwiches are delicious and very flavorful - and the service is excellent! I came in with a group of 5 co-workers on our lunch break and there weren't any tables available for our party but the waitress was really nice and apologetic and told us she would seat us soon. She took our orders in advance because we were in a bit of a hurry and seated us within a few minutes. She offered to give us separate checks and brought them shortly after our food arrived; of course, saying "no rush," but just trying to be helpful because we were pressed for time. Finally, a restaurant that doesn't act like it's the hugest hassle in the world to provide separate checks! It's a reality of modern dining and I love it when restaurants don't treat you like a pariah for requesting your own ticket. It makes things so much less awkward/complicated when you're out for a quick bite to eat with friends or coworkers.Definitely check out the Main Ingredient next time you're looking for good food and service in a cute, cozy environment.
4	Great beers and grub - a must re-visit
5	Hands down: my favorite place in Phoenix  to hang out. Great beer selection, the jive turkey sandwich with it's jalapeno spread is amazing, and the crusty mac'n'cheese with green chilies has me drooling on my keyboard as I type. The mix of hip-hop/eclectic music with the relaxing patio and great service make for an awesome place to chill with friends.
4	Wow. Just... wow. My girlfriend and I made plans for a lunch date, deciding on downtown as our meeting place (she's in ultra-East Valley, I'm in uber-West Valley). My niece suggested this place, after I could only think of places which made my inner voice go 'meh'. Oh, I owe her. Super-casual place, in a very small re-used house. Cool artwork (for sale) on the walls, great interior decoration, an overall nice ambiance. LOVED the musical selections. The volume seemed kind of loud at first, but I had no problem holding a conversation with my friend. Quick, efficient, friendly and attentive service, even as the entire place filled up with a Saturday lunchtime crowd. I just wish I could remember the chap's name, to give him kudos. Hopefully, the 33% tip let him know our appreciation of his service. I had the Great Divide 'Wild Raspberry' Ale from Denver. Yep, it's a girlie beer but wow, it was refreshing and berrylicious. My friend Di and I decided to share the Artichoke Heaven with La Tolteca chips ($7) and Mindy's Mac and Cheese ($7). Both were served at the same time (perfect!). The Artichoke Heaven was... heaven. Warm, buttery, cheesy, big chunks of tender artichoke scooped onto hearty tortilla chips. Yyyuuuummmm... super rich and indulgent. Well, I thought it was, until I tasted the mac and cheese...My friend and I tried the mac and cheese at the same time. Several moments of silence followed, as one will do to show respect and admiration. The pasta was perfectly cooked (to me, this is the very important, as a limp noodle is notorious for spoiling a good time, tee hee), the cheese sauce was cheesy-good with a buttery richness and breadcrumby top crust. Oh yes, and the big chunks of fresh green chile baked into all of this. I swear, a chorus of angels somewhere broke into songs of praise. I have found my new comfort food! What's really weird? We ate ourselves silly and still had enough for a third person. Well, a decent snack-sized portion of each lovely offering, anyway ;) Highly recommend. I'll have to revisit the 4 stars for possible upgrade, after a second visit.
4	I'm probably at TMI too often. Everybody is so nice, though, and the beer is so good. I have to admit, I really don't eat anything here but the appetizers. And I rarely stray from drinking a pint (or two) of Humboldt Brown. So, yes, I am predictable and limited. Despite my limitations, however, I love this place. It's my "Cheers." I am its Norm.What rocks:  Best happy hour around. Seriously. $2.50 for some of the best brews in town? Although the hemp-seed infused Humboldt is my go-to brew, I've tried the raspberry ale (refreshing without being cloying), and the yummy  "Inebriator" Stout (which, believe me, will knock your socks off).Good vibes, hip decor, comfortable without being pretentious. How can I not return on a regular basis?
2	I had lunch there today and the Jive Turkey sandwich left much to be desired, like some cranberry sauce. I ended up just eating the turkey meat which was very moist and delicious. I enjoyed the mixed greens with balsamic vinegar dressing and left the tomatos and bread. I may try it again in the future.
4	I went there for lunch and had the Jive Turkey sandwich, which I thought was okay but not great.  I'm still giving 4 stars because much of the other food looked very good, the ambiance was great, and the servers were very friendly.  I will go back again and if I have a great dish, I will change my vote to 5 stars (and down to 3 if the dish is so-so).
4	This is the kind of place that breathes the Central Phoenix vibe. The atmosphere is wonderful (and perfect for a date). It's small, low-lit and extremely cozy. When I say cozy, I mean cozy; I had dinner on a love seat. The music is at just the right level to hear people talk and totally suited the restaurant. When I was there there were jazzy renditions of classic hip hop tracks playing...just perfect.Now, in this great atmosphere that they've created at TMI is a plethora of wonderful food and drinks. The beer selection is stellar, not choosing to go with more traditional beers on tap and leaning towards craft brews. That's a huge plus in my book. I love being drawn to a place because I know they have a unique beer on tap. After sipping on some great beer came some great food. I tried the cheese spread, the mac and cheese and the Coronado Coney. All three were bursting with great flavors that I can honestly say were unique to this experience. Lots of places serve similar items, but TMI puts a little twist on each dish that makes it their own. By the way, the waitress was extremely helpful and gave great recommendations.Needless to say, I will be back here sometime soon to discover and enjoy more of what TMI has to offer. I hope this review might help those who are on the fence about trying this place. It truly made my night when I got around to trying it.
4	Very cool place...another great place to spend a Saturday afternoon with a good lunch and good drinks!
3	Came to TMI for dinner the other night.  It was good, but nothing that special.  We started with the TMI toast which was probably my favorite part of the meal.  Yes, the bread was a bit hard, but still delicious.  I had the Mac & Cheese and was less than impressed.  It was very oily and lacked flavor.  I've never really met a Mac & Cheese that I didn't get along with...until TMI.  The other people in my party had sandwiches and salads and they seemed to like their dishes.  Overall, nice atmosphere but REALLY hot inside, a little too loud to have a decent conversation and the food was just okay.  Probably won't be back here in the near future.
3	Ive been here twice and the food is incredible. As well as the brews. However I have been disappointed twice by the awkward seating, NO A/C and slow service. I even had an entirely different plate than what I ordered placed in front of me. Although they did make up for the issue with bringing my correct order within minutes. This place is great, but definitely needs a little tightening on loose edges with staff and environment.
5	I LOVE "TMI"!!!! This place is awesome!!! Every single item on the menu is amazing, i espescialy enjoy the jive turkey, and the RB and C. That and a White rascall or a Hemp ale.... yummy.  Monday==== happy hour all day!!!!! @ TMI $2.50 pints! Thank god for places like this!! And i can bring my dogs and enjoy a beer outside with my best buds!
5	Great place for beers and sandwiches. Friendly & attentive staff, love the furniture and atmosphere. Feels like your in your best friends home, very comfortable and not stuffy. TMI toast is amazing, and i love all their sandwiches- not too crazy about the hotdog but that's my only complaint. be sure to visit this quaint place at least once! you will be hooked
4	I love this place for lunch!  My favorite is the grilled cheese with a side salad and the bottled Diet Coke (this alone makes me want to go there).  It's a cozy little house, so be prepared for a crowd. :)
5	Macaroni and cheese here is just amazing. Seating inside is limited as is there vodka selection but the food is great.
2	The Meh Ingredient...TMI caught my eye a few times as i drove down 7th st, so i made it a point to stop in and check out the joint.  A friend and I arrived after work.  It was about 6pm on a Thursday, so the happy hour crowd should be there.  Surprisingly enough, there were only 2 other tables of people there... This, my friends, is a bad sign.  But hey, i'm a craft beer fan, I love me some ALE... and this is an Ale House, so i'm about to be in heaven, right.... ahem... right??  Well, for an Ale House, the beer selection leaves a LOT to be desired.  First of all, if it's an Ale House, the staff should know a thing or two about beer, which they don't.  Don't go there and count on a good suggestion or description of the brews.  If you want a good beer selection, go to Roosevelt's or Lost Leaf.  TMI pales in comparison.  As for the food... we sampled the Olives, which are... well, olives.  But the olive selection at Postino's is far better.  Something about citrus zest in the olives just doesnt work for me.  Then we had the Pro-Pasto board. The menu advertises "a sampler of meats, cheeses and veggies."  Well, I love a mystery, so we take the chance.  As we sipped our beers, the waitress arrived with the board of pro-pasto... she sets it down and walks away.  Wooooah, hold up sister!  What the hellzobah is even on this board?  How about a little rundown?  Oh, I see, this is a little quiz for me?  Cute!  Actually, this server has no idea what's on the board either.  Fortunately it was so unimpressive, that we could clearly make out the provolone & salami... glorious.  They don't know much about the beer, nor the food.   Off to a great start here. It's advertised as a "cafe" and not a "restaurant", so i cant complain much about the weak menu (only offering sandwiches).  But if your staple is going to be the beer... then for heavens sake, have a better selection.  Not that the beers were bad, but they are available just about anywhere.  EVERYONE carries Four Peaks, and its not even a great brewery.  They did have an Oskar Blues brew from Lyons CO, but only the Gordon, no DPA.  Not even one Dogfish Head in a bottle.  If your taps are going to be lackluster... Id recommend these TMI people take a little class trip up to Total Wine on camelback and stock the fridge with some bottles of good stuff.  While yer up there, how about reading some lables and taking a class.  Learn a thing or two about beer... or at least about Ale's.  That's my $0.02. Not sorry aBOUT it.  Yer lucky my tip was more than that.
4	I called in a Coronado Coney late one Saturday to set my stomach for a night of drinking. Good lord, was it a good dog. The bun was crusty but soft, the sausage big and flavorful, and the toppings complimenting. Let's say it was devoured in no time.I'm looking forward to a return visit for more delish food and trying some of the beer.
5	After relocating from New York City to Phoenix, I found the restaurant/lounge scene a bit boring until I discovered " The Main Ingredient". The atmosphere, food and ESPECIALLY the music was incredibly inviting! For anyone with old school hip hop knowledge or taste in great music culture, only then, can you truly confirm, that this is the place to be on any night of the week. I will , certainly, bring my guests in to this establishment when they visit. *( Thank you to the owner,Matt, for being such a gracious host and dealing with my constant interruptions!) I hope this place stays around for a long time.!!! Peace and Blessings.
4	Okay - I take back what I said before. My husband and I went back for lunch and I loved every bite of it. The portions was way generous, the food is good, the vibe is great and the place is overall super hip and comfortable.
4	I moved to Scottsdale in May.  This place made me MISS the nice urban vibe of Phoenix proper.  It played "hip" music and made me feel more young and less like a middle aged burb mom.  The patio was perfect, the mac-n-cheese with green chiles top notch.  May have to go back and try some of the drinks....didn't seem right before car pool!  Looking forward to a repeat visit.
5	When we decided to hit The Main Ingredient for dinner, all we knew is that it now occupies the spot that once belonged to Lisa G Wine Bar. We always felt bad that we never got around to going while Lisa G was still open, so we committed to not letting the same happen with TMI. We were seated immediately, and on a Friday night (First Friday at that) we were surprised and delighted to not have to sweat it out with a crowd of hungry Phoenicians. The service was prompt and friendly right off the bat, and before we knew it we were toasting our wine glasses (great selection of wines for a small establishment BTW) and noshing on what has become one of my new favorite appetizers, the TMI Toast. Stop it with that creamy goodness. It's a cream cheese-based dip that's light and fluffy and packed with jalapenos. It's like crack on toast. I woke up thinking about it.I anticipate spending many, many more nights here as we just moved into the neighborhood behind this little nugget of goodness on 7th. AND, it's a dog friendly patio. WIN! And if you love good wine, cheap, hit them up Monday nights for $4 glasses from 11 am to 11 pm. Double win! I can't recommend TMI highly enough. Go and see for yourself.
4	What a fantastic upgrade over Lisa G's.  The music is incredible, the people are cool and the beer selection is amazing.  Come here to be mellow and enjoy a tasty beer on the patio any time that you can, you won't be disappointed.
4	I have had the pleasure of hitting up The Main Ingredient for both food and drinks and have been impressed each time.  Now that summer has evaporated, the true potential of their patio has begun to emerge.  Their location on 7th Street is not dazzling, but the place is tucked back enough from the street to allow the old-school hip hop music, low hanging light-studded trees, and candle-lit tables to work their magic.  There is also a bench with a large barrel for a table that my friend noticed only at the end of our meal that if available, must be snagged for use.The inside of TMI might even have better atmosphere which feels warm and luscious with the lights dimmed and candles everywhere.Their beer selection is extensive and they carry one of my favorite brews (Agave Wheat).  The food menu is short, but everything is generally tasty, specifically the mac and cheese with the green chiles.  I'd knock the menu only for its spareness.  I'd like to see a few more interesting additions to their food selection, but there really is no place I would rather go to on a random night of the week at 9pm for a drink.
5	Some of the best food in town.  The Charley 2NA is too die for and so is their Spinach & Artichoke Dip.I will definitely go back for some more deliciousness.
4	True to Downtown Phoenix, The Main Ingredient Ale House and Cafe is in the most unassuming area and you have to have an eagle eye while driving to find it.Once I entered the house situated in the historic downtown neighborhood, I noticed the homey vibe of this converted house. The patio was lit with luminous lights and guests were enjoying a casual and cozy dining experience. While the patio was lively, the inside (although cozy), was pretty empty so we opted for the outdoor option -- especially since the weather was so nice that night.Besides the atmosphere, the food at Main Ingredient is comfort food with a twist. I ordered a warm turkey "jive" sandwich which was on crunchy sourdough bread, with freshly slices of warm turkey and topped with jalapeno cream cheese. The sandwich was large, in charge and accompanied by a hefty field green salad. It was too big for me to finish more than half, but if ordered, this could be a good leftover meal. I also tried the mac and cheese with a kick of green chilies. It's listed as an appetizer but so hearty it can absolutely suffice for a meal. The artichoke heaven as a starter was hearty as well and you could easily share that with three or four others due to how rich it is. The beers to wash down the meal were tasty and they had some unique options to choose from. So for a house-converted restaurant in Downtown Phoenix, it's worth trying out if you're in the area and once you leave the hustle of 7th street and sit at the Ale House, you'll forget that you are just off a busy city street.
5	As far as I can remember, I have yet to feel such warmth and comfort at restaurant!  With the dim lights, dope beats, and friendly faces, you can't help but to want to visit The Main Ingredient more often than necessary! The staff is amazing and I look forward to sharing a meal at The Main Ingredient with many of my friends in the near future.Regards.E
5	Sitting on their patio listening to Pete Rock & CL Smooth (and other old school hip hop gems), sipping a local beer, chatting with friends, and eating their comforting green chile mac and cheese is the best way to spend any happy hour. The staff is small and friendly, the atmosphere is comfortable, and the prices are totally reasonable. I love The Main Ingredient.
5	This is my new favorite local hang out.  I just moved near the Light Rail area and was hoping to find a place exactly like this I can walk to.I went here with my hubby and the menu had baked mac and cheese with jalapenos.  After I saw that I had to try it and I was very, very pleased.  I was drinking a 22oz Sonora White Chocolate ale with my mac and cheese and it was all I needed to complete this wonderful experience.But then my hubby ordered the Cash Money, a cashew butter sandwich with jam and bananas and then, I noticed that all day Monday they have happy hour specials.  Now, I am completely done for.You can't un-taste this yummy goodness, so taste buds beware.  : )
4	I really enjoyed this little gem.  Great beer and great food in a great atmosphere.  Very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable staff.  None of the food here has ever disappointed.  I especially love the mac 'n' cheese.
4	Met up with some friends here after work last week. 1) We had great service; our waiter seemed very knowledgeable about the beers on tap and made a few recommendations to a friend of ours who is not a big "gourmet" beer drinker. We also had a nice exchange with the bartender.2) How anyone can say they don't have a good selection of beers must not have gotten past their counting lessons in the 1st grade.  They have 8 beers on tap (which are only $2.50 a pop at happy hour--score!) and another 22 in bottles/cans. That's 30. Only two of which are your standard crappy Budweiser/Miller variety. Um, poor beer selection? If you want Heineken or Coors Light, go elsewhere.3) We sampled a few menu items: the green chile artichoke dip served with La Tolteca chips--awesomely cheesy. I had the Calvano sandwich and the hubby had the Jive Turkey (ordered just because he liked the name). Both were delicious. Friends that were with us loved their food choices as well.We all agreed it was a great place to chill out and have beers and snacks on the patio. We'll be back.
4	I am very happy to have TMI down the street from me, so yes it is my local hang. I usually try to hit up the happy hour when I go. The owners are great and I have to say the servers have vastly improved since it's opening. The artichoke heaven is so good. But too rich for everyday consumption! Not a huge beer drinker, but I like their main ale and they get new beers on tap quite often. They do have mixed drinks here, but not a full bar. And please don't ask for red bull or ranch, it's just not that type of establishment ;-)
4	adjectives that come to mind when someone suggests TMI:charming. quaint. refurbished. amiable. TMI represents the burgeoning scene of cenpho well, and caters to the ethos that other hip local business owners in our city have come to adopt: namely- rennovate, restore, refurbish, resurrect.the four R'swith that in mind TMI has succeeded head over heels. They've taken something great and improved on it, and stuck to a method that is key for success.The surrounding environs of 7th st seem to hone in on something, something hard to define, but when i go to places like the coronado cafe, the main ingredient ale house, the roosevelt, carlys- they all say to me: "Phoenician Renaissance"For as long as your are around, and lets hope its generations, i will frequent you TMI, and i will bring along droves of friend/foodies to further sing your praises.delicious sandwiches, salads, and an amazing beer list. a great spot for calling off of work and enjoying a lazy day.
5	I have yet to have a bad meal or drink at TMI. The freshness if the food and bread is unmeasurable. Try everything at least once, then start over again.
4	A fine place to relax with friends.  Great beer, full bar, wine plus simple but great food.  Sandwiches and salads are the main fare.  Very good sandwiches and salads to say the least.  Very inexpensive food, reasonably priced microbrews and other libations.Ok...  there is a sandwich on the menu called "Cash Money."  Don't be afraid!  I had it, I loved it, and can't wait to have it again.  It includes toasted sourdough, cabernet and pepper jelly, and bananas.  Weird?  No.  It is great!  Next time I plan to try some of the other less "strange" sandwiches, however I highly recommend "Cash Money" to anyone, not just those who possess medical marajuana prescriptions.Highlights of the menu:Local Beers"Cash Money" SandwichTuna sandwichRoast Beef Sandwich with horseradishAny salad6 of us had several alcoholic beverages and we each ate at least one entree, and the bill came out to about $130.  What can you say about that?  I say "Hell yes!"Excellent service!
5	I'm writing this review while I'm on my lunch break and fantasizing in DETAIL about the Red Goat Salad mixed with pistachios, strawberries and field greens and topped with a seriously generous helping of goat cheese.  In the words of the Grand Funk Railroad, it's some kind of wonderful.  What kind?Basically, this is the best way I can sum up The Main Ingredient.I love A) my friends.I love B) TMI.A loves B, and A and B are great together.  The hardwoood flooring, low lighting and tea lights make it a cozy spot for enjoying exceptional company with exceptional food.
4	I never made it to Lisa G's but my visit to The Main Ingredient made me forget that. Simple Menu, some apps, salads and sammies. I ordered Sophie's Salad, easily made vegan with no cheese and no onion,......field greens, local tomatoes, artichoke hearts, fresh mozzarella, red onion, toasted pine nuts & fresh basil tossed in balsamic vinaigrette. I don't often get excited about salads but I was pleasantly surprised at the generous portion. It was dressed better than me and LOADED with artichokes, tomatoes, toasted pine nuts and basil. There was no skimping on toppings or fishing through the greens for the goods, every bite was magic in my mouth. I will be craving that salad in the near future and they've got a Veggie sandwich that I'd like to try as well. Can't wait to go back!
4	It's the middle of January and 75 degrees out.  While there's no shortage of things to do outside, there aren't many dog-friendly places for that where you can sit down and eat.Jacqui J and I took out doggies to the dog park.  They're bruthas, you see, and hadn't hung out in awhile.  We had MLK day off together and spend the afternoon together.  Trying to decide where to eat with the pooches, I thought of TMI because I had seen so many people recently check in on Yelp.  Their patio is pretty big and mostly shaded.  This wasn't a day to be too concerned about shade, since it wasn't hot out.  I read the reviews ahead of time and already knew what I wanted before I even got there.  I was happy to have to take home a doggie bag, too.  I got the olives, red goat salad and the mac and cheese.  I will eat anything that includes green chiles in it.  Anything.  A few varieties of olives were served wtih fresh herbs and a dash an oil & vinegar.  I love all olives and don't always buy them for home, so it was a real treat.  They came in a little bowl, but there were about 20 of them.  The red goat salad was perfect: tons of pistachios on it, big chunks of goat cheese and strawberries.And den...and den...the mac and cheese, generously stuffed with chopped green chiles, ooey-gooey melted cheese that was crusty on the edges, the way it's supposed to be.I'll be back with Dexter.  They gave him a treat.  Oh, and my meal was treat.  I'm burping up the leftovers as I type this.
4	I'm still feelin the love. A most wonderful combination found I today of simple delightful food, a laid back atmosphere, warm staff, dog-friendly accommodations, a vegan-friendly menu and... oh yeah... all day Monday Happy Hour.  Thank you TMI for the immediate bowl of water set down for my hound, the speedy $4 glass of red, and a yummy manageably-sized veg sandwich. I couldn't have asked for a better ending to this much dreaded Monday. It was lovely winding down and enjoying the sunset while other suckers waited in traffic.I second Sarah G's enthusiasm for Sophie's salad sans mozzarella. Mmmm mmmm arthichoke. My next mission is the Cash Money sammie with house made cashew butter (wha?!) Cabernet jelly AND bananas. It's like Elvis met Sophia Lauren and decided to class it up. Soon will I be back to attempt such an adventure. Very soon.
4	Perfect place for a date! It's a cafe with a little romantic restaurant ambiance! Has a nice patio. I like the ambiance better than the food!
5	TMI just earned its spot at the top of my go-to list in Phoenix.  I'm glad we made an impromptu stop for lunch here today.The old, historic house offers a comfy, inviting spot to relax and enjoy an awesome meal.  Sara, our waitress, provided exceptional service, and the bonus was her knowledge of their beer menu.  They have about 10 beers on draft, mainly local, all delicious.  I believe their taps rotate, but if they have it don't skip out on the Sleep Dog Red Rover.  Delicious with lunch, and hard to beat at $2.50/pint before 6pm.We started with their asparagus soup - amazing.  Next up sandwiches.  For me, the roast beef (hold the cheese) with their house-made mustard.  Main ingredient in the mustard?  Oak Creek Amber, also my favorite beer.  My friend grabbed the "Cash Money," which we were uncertain about.  I can't imagine anything better - cashew butter (that I assume was home made), bananas, and a delicious cabernet-red pepper jelly, all served warm on toasted bread.  A-Mazing!The patio was great for a nice Phoenix day, and the location can't be beat.  If you haven't been to TMI yet, hurry, you'll be sad you waited.
4	Talk about a great place to hang out on a Friday night. Small and intimate place neighboring the Living Room which is a great bar hoping option after or before you hit this place up.  The food is very good and well priced, I would recommend you come here with friends and have a bottle of wine.  Great options for the non meat eaters here, their peanut butter sandwich is my pick.
3	Ate here awhile back, found the experience to be okay, but nothing too great. I had the grilled cheese, and was not very impressed. It came out pretty greasy, and the cheeses were grainy and also greasy. Not tasty. My beer got warm in the sun, as there are not umbrellas at every table (I can't remember if there are any at all).
3	I was looking for a restaurant to go to with my dad for lunch today on yelp, and found this place. I thought it looked good, so we decided to go there. The place is really cute, it kind of feels like you're in someone's house. We sat on a couch with a low table. We decided to split the jive turkey and the goat salad. I really liked the turkey sandwich, but my dad didn't care for it. I liked the jalapeno cream cheese and the bread was also really good. The salad I thought was not that great, but my dad really liked it. I am a goat cheese fan and I love strawberries in salad. I think maybe the dressing was the problem or the pistachios. Either way, I thought it would taste a lot better than it did. Overall this place was good and I like the decor, but I don't know if I would make the trip down there again.
5	Tried another one of their nummy sandwiches and the Sheridan maybe a favorite of mine.  If you are like me and love to drink a nice amber ale and eat some grub food, then you will love this place.  I only really go there during their all day Monday drink specials which is $2.50 for draft beers.  But they do have a wide selection of beers, not sure if they have a wide wine selection but they do have a list that I have never looked at and not sure about hard alcohol either.
3	I will now divide this review into as a pub (AAP) and as a restaurant (AAR).AAP - 5 stars. Love the atmosphere, location and the depth of the drink menu. There was a great selection of craft brews. Love the glassware, and just the FEEL of the place. If furry is your type, you will likely find your soulmate here. I swear it was like they'd just convened the nightly meeting of the local slackers union.  Service was friendly, attentive, and I loved the patio.... this is just a great place to hang out in the evening. What a perfect neighborhood pub. AAR - The owners are aware that actual carbs only make beer carbs more delightful, right? That one can only injest so much booze before they'll need sustenance and head elsewhere? Met a friend for dinner here and only the 10 minutes we took parking kept us there instead of seeking dinner elsewhere. There just isn't a menu to speak of. To say its limited is like calling Imelda Marcos an occasional shopper. It'd be tough to put a dinner together here, but we picked up the artichoke dip and a antipasti dish. The artichoke dip was actually pretty good, but the bagged tortilla chips it was paired with were terrible. It was pretty good with the crostini that came with the antipasti dish, but since we'd been given 2 pieces of bread for an entire plate of antipasti, that seemed poor allocation of glutens.  The antipasti was also good, a mixture of housemade olives that were great, cheeses, meats and grilled veggies. Perhaps its memories of the awesomeness that was LIsa Gs, that colors my expectations of MI. I spose I wish there was a fuller breadth of options to go with your kickass brew selection at Main Ingredient.  But I'd absolutely pop in for a pre dinner drink or chill here on a Sunday afternoon.
4	This place is a very unique place close to downtown Phoenix.  I have eaten here 3 times, and each time it has been amazing.  The atmosphere is cozy and eclectic at the same time. The mac and cheese is one of my favorite dishes.  However, the sandwiches are very good and are relatively inexpensive for what you get.  I also enjoy their potato chips, as these were really good quality kettle style chips.  The happy hour is also great, and they have a wide assortment of AZ beers and wines and great prices.  Definitely recommend this place.
4	I absolutely loved this place! We went with a friend a few days ago and sat out on the patio. The weather was absolutely gorgeous! I used the restroom once and peeked in and loved the inside as well. I would totally do a dinner here in the future. We ordered our meals and they were divine! I loved my sandwich and our desert was good too. The music was great, the ambiance was chill--all around wonderful place to eat lunch!
3	I went to the Main Ingredient for a work lunch recently and while I didn't have a bad experience I do think I need to go back in the evening to get a better feel for the joint.My roast beef sandwich was tasty (and the mustard was sublime), the service was slightly above so-so, and the crowd/atmosphere was totally in my wheelhouse, but when on the clock dining at an Ale House you can't help but leave feeling disappointed. Seems like my sandwich was crying out for a beer to keep it company.If I had to complain about something it would be the $3 charge for a flat bottle of "Coke Light." No, really, that's what the oversized bottle said. It wasn't Diet Coke it was Coke Light. The margin on soda always favors the house but $3 for a Coke is re-gosh-darn-diculous.The location is ideal for post-work drinks so I'll definitely update this review after I've partaken in the Ale House's brews.
4	This place is my jam - and not just because it's always bumping awesome hip hop, including selections not reguarly heard since my high school friends' mix CDs were on repeat in our parents' cars.   No, also because it has a nice wine selection, full bar, tasty (if simple) food, solid veg options, and that chilled out "Phoenix bar in a house" vibe. My only gripe is that if you think this place is just perfect for a large group of your friends to post out on the patio, you will be heartbroken to discover the outdoor tables cannot be moved!  It isn't so much an issue of me constantly rolling with more than 5 friends (ha!), but more the senselessness of this limitation on outside seating configurations.  I just don't understand, and it upsets me.   But oh well - we've all loved despite not understanding before.
4	I went here for a large get together over the weekend. Our waitress was really great considering the large, drunk group. :) The only thing I didn't like was the lack of fountain diet coke. It came in a cute mexican glass bottle but i prefer my diet coke to come from a fountain. I'm crazy like that. Other than that, the glass did pour me 3 refills which was PLENTY so i didn't feel jipped......except by the lack of extra bubbles that comes from a fountain cola, but i digress.I had this amazing salad. it had artichoke hearts, pine nuts, onions, mozarella, and leafy greens. top notch. everyone elses food looked amazing too. especially that damn hotdog. i wish they had a few more menu options unrelated to sandwiches or salads, but i definitely recommend. super good.
5	TMI is basically my second home. As a neighbor I am here at least once a week for the great happy hour. Very friendly staff, great beer on tap, and a perfect patio when the weather is nice.
4	We've eaten here at least a half-dozen times, much to our pleasure.  The Calvano is SO yummy!  Even DH - not the most adventurous - said his roast beef was delish.  It's no small compliment that our 5 year old DEVOURED his grilled cheese and kettle chips.  The only issue for us is seating - not the most kid-friendly.  That said, I don't think it's meant to be.  We'll work around it for the food!!  Add the great happy hour deals and it's a winner.
5	Such a great place to spend a night, drinking a beer or glass of wine with close friends.  Yummy food, great servers!
4	The Coronado Coney.It is one of the greatest things on a menu! Get it on Saturday when you can get Vegan Chili on top, after all what is better to do with vegan chili than to put it on a giant hot dog?The dog is gigantic as well, I have brought the other half of it home as left overs, that is a first for a hot dog. Of course it is a Shreiner's sausage so that's a good thingThe beer selection is excellent and well priced. They have a great number of AZ brews on tap and in bottle and a good amount of knowledge about them. Get the side of fresh greens, it'll make you feel way better about eating that giant hot dog and the other choice is potato chips anyway...
5	I just realized I had not done this yet. My absolute favorite place in all the world. Best food, atmosphere and music. Love love love it.This is saying a lot because I am super duper picky. Artichoke Heaven is a must! To DIE for!Everything is good so I am not going to detail everything. I have never ever ever had a bad meal or experience! I love you Main ingredient....will you marry me?
4	This is the cutest (& I say "cutest" in the most adult way possible) place ever. It reminds me of a lot of places I miss back in Indy, a sweet little house that's been converted to a restaurant. It's artsy & homey. The music is awesome, the lighting is perfect and the food is easy. It's a really calm, relaxing place to eat and talk and not feel rushed.
4	We just ate here and I really liked it!! The food was really yummy and the portions were generous.  I tried the albacore sandwich and it was great!! My boyfriend had the roast beef sandwich-- YUM!! Service was great too!! We will be back-- I can't wait to try the mac and cheese.
2	I just can't like this place.  I've been here a few times, tried multiple items, and was hopeful each time...but my end reaction is always "meh." All their beer and wines are from the good ol' US of A - I think their wines are really over priced for what they are.  Happy hour only lasts until 6 and the only wines on happy hour are their house wines. Meh.They do have a few vegetarian dishes - mac n' cheese, grilled cheese, a salad or two, and a roasted veggie sandwich. None of it really wows me with flavor and the veg sandwich tastes greasy. Meh.I like the cozy atmosphere - the inside is dimly lit and the patio is a lovely area where you don't feel like you are sitting right on 7th street.
3	This place is an average run of the mill alehouse. The have very reasonable prices, a great beer selection, and a nice cozy atmosphere. The only drawback is a limited menu. Sandwiches and Salads only. I understand that they do these things well, but a little more variety on the menu would be enough to bump this up to 4 stars. I would reccomend this place for lunch or beers but not for dinner as there are no entree's on the menu. Also, this place is in an old house and reminds me of the Rose and Crown. It also has a nice patio.
4	Came here on a Saturday afternoon..had some wine & beer..both were fabulous...my husband really enjoyed the amber ale infused with raspberry.We decided to share the mac & cheese, not a fan of this AT ALL. Maybe it's just my personal preference...I thought it was not creamy enough, the bottom was burnt to a crisp, there was way too much green chili in it, and the very very thick layer of cheddar on top was not tasting good at all. We could only take a few bites and had to stop. We shared some vanilla ice cream & it was perfect. The service was great all around. We did have quite a few different folks helping us, but they were all wonderful, and this didn't bother me at all. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the day while looking at all the cute doggies that were coming in. They are VERY dog friendly here, and I love that!I will return and would like to come in the evening and maybe try one of their sandwiches, they looked really good as they were passing by.
5	I dig it.  I've been many times now and have never had a bad experience.  Service is always friendly.  They have a great beer selection, ranging from Mickey's (yes) on up.  The atmosphere is good and the music is usually good.  To people who haven't been, I sometimes say that it's like The Roosevelt, except much, much better.  Sorry, Roosevelt.The tuna sandwich is amazing!  I generally avoid dairy and eggs, but I order this tuna anyway and I don't ask them to alter it (hard-boiled eggs in the salad, havarti on the sandwich) because it works, it is incredible, and I cease to care when I am there.  The only other menu items I can comment on are the hot dog - good but frankly a little upscale for me when it comes to hot dogs- and the chocolate brownie which is, of course, very good.  My biggest complaint is that the food selection is not the greatest for vegetarians and vegans.The restaurant was converted from a cute old home in the Coronado district and has a nice patio.  They have a pretty good happy hour deal, but I can't remember what it is at this time.  This is a place I'm always interested in visiting.
4	I'm glad TMI exists. I live in Coronado and I love that I can just walk or bike over, have a few beers, relax, and hang out. The place has plenty of pros and only a few cons, unfortunately the cons have kept me away more than once.  Luckily for Matt and Co. the pros, in my opinion, definitely outweigh the negatives and I'll continue to be a regular.  This is a business that the neighborhood is better with. The Good - One of the best happy hours in town for beer lovers. $2.50 pints of Rogue? Yes, please. All day Monday? Seriously? And now it's one of the only places in downtown open on Sunday. (though I hear it's cramped some of the crews sunday night hijinx, I appreciate it) - A small, broad based selection of excellent beers. You'll find the real deal in their taps, not just stuff picked up in closeouts.  - Good music. It's not the typical bar scene sounds. From Mos Def to The Pharcyde, it works. Even if you're not into the genre you'll probably still appreciate it.  - Dog friendly patio! I actually got trash talked once for *not* having brought my dog.  - Great patio, cosy small bar, nice use of inside space to accommodate various sized parties of people.   -If you bring a book and post up on the couch or at the bar, they're not dicks about turning over that seat.  - The regulars are pretty cool. While this spot could easily get that coffee house vibe of noses up and glasses down, it doesn't.  The Bad - Go often enough and you're going to get tired of the food. It's good, don't get me wrong, but I would slay baby seals for some SPECIALS! Get something seasonal going on! This is the entire reason for me writing this review. If the food changed up on a more regular basis or if there were specials weekly/biweekly then I would eat here waay more often.  - Did I mention I wished the food changed up more often? The kitchen doesn't have room for a fryer. If only somebody would start some kind of business that would do something like..I dunno, knock down walls and rebuild them in other spots?  - Some of the taps just refuse to go away. I'm sure the Inebriator Stout is popular, but after the Sonora/Sonoran split I just won't put it in my mouth. Yes, I said it.  It's a great spot and I dig it.
5	After being a frequenter of Carly's for the past couple of years, I'd gotten used to sandwiches that were tasty, but lacking filler, and a happy hour that only consisted of a dollar off beers. Womp womp. The area was in need of a good sandwich and salad shop with tasty beers and wines to rival it. So you can imagine my excitement when this place opened up... I love their homegrown feel and it is in the great Coronado neighborhood that I grew up in and am very proud of :) It is also officially the reason I don't really go to Carly's anymore... The Happy Hour features $2.50 drafts, aka, they offer danger :) The staff is friendly, the service is good, the menu ranges around $6-$9, yet features sandwiches with REAL ingredients on them. The Calvano, oh Mama mia! This New York-sized sandwich just makes my mouth water even thinking about it. I didn't know I loved sopressata before this sandwich existed. I always order some extra balsamic with my salad so that I can also add a little to the sandwich. Also, Mac and Cheese with EXTRA hatch chiles is the way to go for some extra tasty flavor. The salads are HUGE and DELIGHTFUL. Finally, three more words to sell you: Jalapeno cream cheese. Yes please, all over. It is featured on the TMI Toast and the Jive Turkey sandwich. They serve their food until midnight on the weekends for some late-night eats. The ambiance, flavor, the relaxed, yet on-it staff are the total package and a great addition to the neighborhood.
4	My BFF and I ended up here after a failed attempt at First Friday.  She informed me that this is a very "hipster" place. Guess it's a sign that I'm not very hip, since I had no idea. We ended up at The Main Ingredient by accident, but turned out to be a pleasant surprise! We had the chips and salsa (very tasty), the Jive Turkey sandwich, and the Griddled Cheese. Both sandwiches were delicious! The house dressing was pretty amazing too. Since it's an ale house, we tried the wild raspberry beer and a reisling wine. Both very enjoyable!Our waitress, the guy who sat us, and even the busser were super nice and helpful with drink selections.As I write this, I'm beginning to crave a grilled cheese...Definitely want to go back, since it sounds like some smokin' good deals at Happy Hour too!
4	great food!  had a really good grilled cheese sandwich and my wife had the vegetarian chili.  plenty of parking, but in a shitty part of town.  it's in "transition" - and I'd have to guess that means they are only being broken into 4x a week instead of 5x a week.   one TV, and a very small bar.  the restaurant is actually an old house that has been converted into a restaurant, so it's a bit tight as they tried to put a lot of tables in there - still, not that bad.  but good luck getting a place at the bar.  lots of outside seating too, but it's right on 7th st, so there's  a lot of traffic and nothing to look at unless you like staring at vacant lots, shopping cars and i'm sure if you look hard enough hypodermic needles.  great beer selection and great prices - very impressive.  so definitely a plus for that.  one thing that bummed me out was not having a soda dispenser - i asked for  a club soda and they brought me a bottle of it.  that sort of tilted me for some reason.  at least they had it i guess.  the clientele...well, let's just say if you were looking to form a softball team, this is not the place.  if you were looking to form a communist rally - perfect!  lot's of tattoos and stupid earrings.  people trying a bit too hard to be their version of cool.   it's not really close to our house, but i can see us heading back there, my wife really enjoyed the food and the impressive beer selection might make it worth the journey.  viva la revolution!  or whatever that phrase is.
4	Best hot dog, ever!  Great lunch.
5	Lets see where do i begin? Ok, beer on tap is great. Im an ipa hophead and odells is one of my favorites, oskar blues gordon knight is awesome as well. Had the newly tapped pranqster and was pleasantly surprised how smooth and drinkable it was. Bottled beer, start with bear republic racer 5 ipa, my personal favorite. Dales pale ale and stone sublimey black ipa would be my other choices. Food is awesome, had the new menu item tenderbelly bacon sandwich and will get again when available. The pro pasta appetizer had cheeses, meats, and mushrooms that were top notch. All the staff is friendly and attentive in their service which is a big plus. Happy hour all day sunday is so nice, and i wouldnt worry about some reviews of the neighborhood which i think is great and what attracted me in the first place. The music is also something that just makes this a more relaxing place to visit, I highly recommend this place for all the reasons stated. All my support to TMI and local business who do right by their customers!
4	All i can say about this place is Awesome! i love the location, another phoenix vibe with the little house converted to a sweet dinning and bar i went there once and have returned 3 more times and have not been disappointed. this is the place to be when you want great food and reasonable price drinks great place to see attractive humans
4	Nice environment and though we didn't try the food, it all had a terrific smell. We went to share some drinks and it may be a bit pricey but ok for a quick meeting.
4	Been here on several occasions great location great vibe !Beers were very good(Happy hour during the day love it) sandwiches deliicious and filling and if your lucky enough to have Angelo as your server even better!Don't forget to try a dessert even if you have to share!
4	I love the location of this place. It is an old house that has been transferred into a cool restaurant . There is very little parking there though. I met a friend there on a Tuesday night and it was quite busy inside. They have happy hour with $5.00 wines which is nice. The food was quite good and the wait staff very attentive. However, this day it was 114 outside and i do not think their air conditioning was working very well. It was so hot inside it was uncomfortable. As the evening went on the music seemed to be getting louder. We were not able to hear each other speak. It was not like that when we first got there. They do have really nice outdoor seating as well. But, since it was  so hot we had to sit inside.  Too hot and far too loud but, other than that very nice!
4	Very good craft beer selection that rotates regularly.  Outdoor seating is nice when weather accomodates.  Inside is very loud but wait staff are on their toes and the food is excellent.  Had a very rich and delicious salami & pastrami sandwich.  You won't find this quality of beer anywhere else in PHX.  Beer lovers - Go.
4	We stopped in for a late lunch on a weekend and were very pleased with this place.  There is a fairly large outdoor seating area and the interior is nicely decorated with photographs and other art.  The servers were nice and very efficient.  I am usually not a big fan of hip-hop, but I really liked the music they were playing - the volume was just right.  The food was good to great depending on the dish.  I would have to agree with a previous reviewer that the mac and cheese is too oily and not creamy enough, although it is pretty close to southern and Caribbean style, so this might just be a matter of taste - it was pretty good though.  My wife and I both thought that the BLT was phenomenal.  It had incredibly delicious bacon, red onions, and avocado that all worked together perfectly.  I would come back just for this sandwich.  Sandwiches are inexpensive, about $7-9 and the mac and cheese was about $7.
5	Great place. Great salads and sandwiches. I recommend the baby bleu salad or the RBC sandwich. GREAT local and not local a beer on tap an in bottles. GREAT all day happy hour on sundays and mondays $2.50 drafts all day!
5	This place is totally awesome for happy hour. The have an Imperial IPA on the menu that is like 8% and So Good. It's called "Gordon Knight," drink 2 and have a friend drive you home. Plus the best part. Their early happy hour starts at 3 maybe 2 and the beer is $2.50 a pint. That means you are sitting happy for a fiver. Plus they're always spinning good hip-hop.
5	WOW! The hubs and I were meeting up with a friend and her lad, she suggested TMI and boy am I glad she did! TMI is a super cute historic house with tons of charm. The staff was extremely friendly and quick. The pricing was very reasonable. We ordered some olives to start, the citrus on them kinda threw me off a bit, but they were still tasty. For my meal I got the grilled cheese with a side salad. The salad was fresh and light. The grilled cheese freaken RULED! I don't know how I am going to go back to this place and order anything different, seriously folks, this might be the grilled cheese to end all grilled cheese sandwiches. I cant wait for better weather so we can sit out on their cute patio!
4	i come here for their yummy grilled cheese!
4	I like the food here so far everything I have had has been good. I like the atmosphere has a very eclectic crowd that patronizes it. Only downside the music is awful. If you say something about the music they will usually change it which is great cause rap music and dining don't go well together.
5	Wow! The Main Ingredient is as good as it gets for it's niche. Getting a fantastic, fresh caprese sandwich - delicious, salty genoa salami, homemade pesto, juicy organic tomato, home grown basil, a thick slice of mozzarella on a baguette - plus a great draught beer (the Sonoran Inebriator Stout) all for $10...you really can not beat that. I am definitely looking forward to returning to try more of their sandwiches and the beers.
4	Holy junk! I am a fan of this place. On our second trip here I tried to branch out and order some different things. We got the TMI toast (yum... and almost too much food for a starter), the mac and cheese (praise Jebus) and the BLT (you can't find that thick cut bacon anywhere.... yes.... that's what she said). Service was great and we had a great bottle of red (Paso Robles something). We'll be back fo sho.
4	Everything about this place was sweet. The atmosphere, the service and the food was perfect. We went based off Yelp reviews and it was so worth it. I can tell you its not a quick jaunt from the Lightrail, especially in August.. but after eating we realized it was so worth it.
5	Tremendous!  Great beer and wine selection.  Fantastic, loaded salads.  Creative selection of sides and sandwiches that all deliver.  Cool patio.  Nice atmosphere inside as well.  Dark, hip, chill, great music.  Laid back, friendly, attentive service.  Perfect first time, and I'll be back next week for more.
4	Good sandwiches and atypical food items on the menu, with a good selection of craft beer.  Music is not to my taste, but it's part of their stated theme so I guess I can't fault them for that.  Cool atmosphere with the old house conversion.  Service was ok.
3	Meh.  Met up with a few friends here and sat on the patio on a Saturday night around 8.  There are no heaters, which would be ok if it was a nice fall day or a summer night, but i was a bit cold towards the end.  There is indoor seating as well so this shouldn't be a deal breaker.  I ordered a few nice glasses of red, one pinot noir and one petite syrah.  I ordered the tuna salad and the bf ordered the grilled cheese.  It was just ok, and so was the service.  Our plates sat on the table for over 20 minutes after we were finished before they were cleared. Cute place, good music, not a huge variety on the menu, just salads and sandwiches.  I would likely go to humble pie next door next time while in the area which is how we spotted The Main Ingredient in the first place!
5	This is one of my favorite go-to places in Phoenix, and I feel fortunate to live just a mile away. The atmosphere is excellent - low-lighting, wooden floors, modern decor in a vintage-looking house-turned-restaurant. The food is even better. I have never ordered anything I didn't love (with the exception of the cheesecake, which isn't made in-house - it was just okay). I crave their tuna salad on a regular basis - it's good both in the tuna salad salad and in the tuna salad sandwich.  The grilled cheese is the bomb, and so is the cashew butter banana sandwich. The mac and cheese is superb, as well. Seriously, everything rocks. I highly recommend ordering the mixed greens as your side if you get a sandwich - the dressing is light and citrusy and smacks of homemade excellence. Oh, and it won't empty your wallet, either. The prices are excellent for the quality of food you get!
5	Had dinner the other night with 2 friends. Mondays are all day happy hour which means draft beers $2.50, house chardonnay or zinfandel $4, and liquor is half price.We ordered a bowl of hose marinated olives to start for $3 and were afraid we were going to get, like, 4 olives. Nope! It was a nice portion size! and they were delicious too. A little spicy with lemon zest...Then we ordered the roast beef with horseradish, the RB&C I think it was. Fantastic bread, not tooooo horseradish-y, and really tender tasty roast beef. Usually I stay away from roast beef because of all the weird stringy parts to the beef that you can't bite through so you end up pulling all the meat out from between the bread. Am I the ONLY one that happens to?...Anyway.We also ordered the Red Goat salad, and the goat cheese was amazing! It was really creamy and not goat-y at all! Sometimes goat cheese makes me gag because it tastes like barn. You know?Ok, now I'm starting to sound like a whiner. I'm not.Then we also ordered the Cash Money hot sandwich, which is Cashew butter, mildly spicy and sweet pepper jelly and banana. Sounds weird but it was Great! I might go back again on Monday :)
4	fall in phoenix was made for the main ingredient. who doesn't love an all day happy hour sunday/monday patio situation? a little hip hop, a lot of wine, an amazing mac and cheese. what a great day.
5	One of my favorite places in Phoenix. They have good drink specials, amazing food (best hot dog) and awesome ambiance. Perfect place to visit during winter to sit outside and take in the sights and sounds of Phoenix!
4	I think they forgot the main ingredient as there as not much ale on the menu. However there was a nice but bit too loud atmosphere good food and low prices.We went in around 7 on a Monday night. To my surprise the lot was full as was most of the adjoining street. There were a few people smoking on the patio even though I believe it is forbidden. Inside is a old hose turned in to modem bistro high top tables, dark walls a bar and loud pounding music. Every table had a nice romantic candle.The menu mostly consists of salads and sandwiches. We started with the olives appetizer, just a mixed bowl of green and katamala olives $3, I love olives so it would be hard to screw up. For our mains we had a veggie sandwich $8 It was nice on well toasted bread grilled veggies and a great sauce, however the kettle chips were not that great and from a bag. The salad we had $8 was great and fresh with field greens, local tomatoes, artichoke hearts, fresh mozzarella, red onion,  pine nuts & fresh basil tossed in balsamic vinaigrette however the cheese was a bit skimpy.Over all this may make a great date place on the patio, inside the noise level was a bit much but the food is good and the prices are right.
3	I enjoy the atmosphere here. Its an old house and has a great patio with lots of outdoor seating. Maybe i am just ordering the wrong things to eat but ive never been impressed by anything that ive had there. Its a bummer...just so so.
3	I like the atmosphere and vibe of this place, it is so cozy and quaint.  The service is attentive and friendly, these 2 reasons are why I give it 3 stars.  The food on the other hand I am not a huge fan of.  It is alright, that is it, nothing I have tried has ever made me ecstatic.  The mac and cheese, at least the one piece I got, was just a chunk from the corner of the pan.  It was dry, it was overcooked, it was not the best. I prefer something creamier and not so dense.  Really good mac and cheese needs to be nurtured into perfection.  The different ingredients added at different times, not mixed together all at once and put into a pan to bake.  I felt like I got the last smidge out of a pan that was sitting under the warmer.  Another appetizer I had was the spinach dip which was ok but the portion was exceedingly small compared to the huge mound of chips.  Let's just make it a bit more even please.  I will continue to go here, but probably just to meet friends for a drink or two.
4	The Main Ingredient has a few things against it that I want to get past right off the bat:  *It's definitely not the most vegetarian-friendly restaurant around. There are certainly choices, but they're not extensive. *The margaritas are not good at all. Given that their Bloody Marys are great and I've had other good mixed drinks there, they would do well to invest in some fresh squeezed juice for their cocktails.Other than that, there are a lot of things I really like about this place. First, I think the vegetarian items I have had are delicious. The veggie sandwich is done really well with great bread and the grilled cheese has the perfect combination of muenster, havarti and cheddar. Perhaps the biggest standout is Sophie's Salad, marrying crunchy pine nuts and red onions with fresh mozzarella and basil. Delicious!I also adore the patio. It's a great size with lots of tables and just feels picturesque in front of the old house (even though 7th Street is right there). What a great place to spend a cold night or a breezy spring day. The only time it's not great is in the middle of the summer (as there are no misters). I wish that more of the old homes in the Coronado District had nice, open front patio areas.Last but not least, the service has always been good the few times I've been. No one has been overly attentive but my needs have always been met.
5	Excellent place to relax and have a beer if you are craving a sandwich, salad, or appetizer for a relatively low price. Each category they seem to excel in when I measure dining in. Not many places are actually nice to sit in when you start to weigh in things the way I do. I don't want to wait in a line or sit outside waiting for my name to be called or reserve way ahead of time. I don't like it when places look like subway inside if I am on a date no matter how good the food. I haven't been to Pizzeria Bianco for example for one of the reasons mentioned. But the rare gems of places with good food and a date atmosphere that isn't so trendy that I will be wasting an hour sitting are where I want to go with my girl for dinner. This is close to home so I pop by when I get the chance whenever possible. This is the food/service I have had and how I would rate it.Service: 5/5 I don't recall ever waiting for a check or a drink for too long and even when the occasional mix up happens they remedy it promptlyPricing: I would really expect to pay more for food this good.Ambiance: 5/5 I love dining out here, they softly play old school hip-hip and trip-hop is present but you wouldn't here it unless you are trying. The city of phoenix art work on one of the walls is terrible but the rest of the decor is nice.Food:Winner Salad w/ balsamic(homemade): 5/5 It is the best salad I have had. I cant stand the lemon vinaigrette version of this salad though( I dont like lemon on much though). I stumbled onto the balsamic due to a side salad having it once now I special order it this way all the time as it is the best damned salad ever.rb&c: 4/5 This is a solid sandwich that I order every now and then, in the end it is just a sandwich though.vegetarian chilli- 1/5 stay away unless bland is your desire, it is quite terrible.Cheese plate - 5/5 I usually don't go for appetizers in the modern cuisine era as most of it is sub par but this goes in the hall of fame of appetizers. Artichoke dip- 4/5 pretty good stuff alsoolives: 3/5 Lolas Tapas had some 5/5 ones but are now closed.:(Drinks:I love little bottles of ginger-ale and the hefeweizenDesert:Chili cheesecake: 5/5 I am not a fan of cheesecake this with the balsamic whatever is amazing stuff. Highly recommended.
4	No complaints! I wasn't creative enough to order anything but beer and a hot dog but both were lovely.  The environment was so relaxed, the music was very eclectic, and so were the people. Not too crowded on a Friday at 6, but busy enough so that I know this is a well-liked place. In sum, it's what would happen if you had a bar in your living room and tables on your lawn, and you played music everyone liked and served reasonably-priced food that everyone loves. I'll definitely be back.
5	I've been feeling under the weather and was in dire need of some comfort food. I have been seeing The Main Ingredient pop up on my Android Yelp app and decided now was the time.I got there about 8 and decided to sit outside, I didn't want to spread my germs around inside.We ordered the Pro-Pasto and the Mac and Cheese.The Pro-Pasto was good...not sure why I ordered it since I'm not really a huge fan of that type of stuff but it was good anyway.Now to the greatest thing EVER!  The Mac and Cheese....it was to DIE for. This had to have been THE best Mac and Cheese I've had in my whole life and I'm not kidding.It was creamy, delicious and I couldn't get enough of it.You MUST try it if you're there. It was so inexpensive too!Another bonus is they allow dogs on the patio. Yay! Add this to another Dog Friendly place!This is going to be my new hang out. Awesome mac and cheese, dog friendly AND down the street from my house. Winner Winner!
5	Great service, great food, cute location!!!I ordered the cheese steak, yummy!Will be back!!!  I love locally owned restaurants with great food!
4	Sometimes when life is gloomy, the weather cold, or you're just tired of leftover holiday food, TMI is the cure.  The first time I tried Mindy's Mac and Cheese I knew I had to try everything on this menu.  Unfortunately I'm gluten and dairy sensitive, but this is one of those dishes that I willingly indulge in knowing full well what the consequences will be.The sandwiches and salads are great, with a lot of locally grown ingredients.  The RB & C being one of my favorites.  Presentation is great, simple, nothing pretentious, and really meshes well with their ambiance.Why four stars?  This place gets crowded!  It's hit or miss really, but when it's packed, it's packed.  In the summer the place is just too hot.  The building is a renovated house in a trendy, hip area, with tunes piped through to the outside patio to match the vibe.  Honestly if you don't mind a crowded space you'll love it.  For me, I would probably frequent more often if it weren't for the parking chaos.  Lucky residents in the neighborhood walk here to grab a cold one, or enjoy a nice crisp wine.The beverage selection is by far one of the more unique in this city, with Red Robins and Chili's on every corner.  There are a lot of local brews and quite nicely selected wines that pair well with everything.Overall, this place is one of my favorites with great meals, great beverages, good vibes and good company.  One final plus is that the owners are always around, and often walking through meticulously arranging settings, cleaning the bathroom, etc.  For neat-freaks like me, that says a lot!One thing that would be great would be some more dairy and gluten-free options in the future for folks like me, who would love to pig out more without feeling so bad the next day!
4	They take great pride in there dishes .Great for lunch meetings .Very proffessional .Clean restrooms , also importent .I liked it alot .
4	The ambience of this converted Phoenix gem is apparent when you walk up. It's cozy, inviting and hip without being obvious about it. The small bar is nestled between the kitchen and windows facing the outdoor patio, a perfect vantage for enjoying a craft beer. I chose the seasonal Great Divide Wild Raspberry Ale, with amber tones and real raspberry essence. As a bit of a dairy diva, the griddled cheese sammie seemed appealing - it was recommended by several staffers and lived up to it's foodie fame. Paired with the soup du jour (cheesy chicken enchilada), it was taste bud bliss.
4	I'm a sucker for any bar or restaurant that has been converted from a house, service station, bank or any other structure that was not originally used as something else. This is an old house that was previously a wine bar and is now The Main Ingredient. Work your way up to the tiny bar if you can (it's usually full) and order a pint of one of the great brews they have on tap. Check out some of the thoughtful offerings on their wine list.  If you're hungry take a seat in the dinning room which has cool ambient light and usually good music playing. The atmosphere here is casual yet intimate all at the same time. There is also outdoor seating on the porch and in the front yard which is VERY pleasant during the spring and autumn months.As with a lot of places, the menu is limited but what may be lacking in variety is compensated for with unique creations and quality ingredients. I'm a HUGE fan of the BLT and I LOVE the Coronado Coney. Really a great place for a casual night out.
5	Love this place! Awesome outdoor patio and beer selection! Happy hour prices can't be beat.
4	This is a great place to meet friends for lunch or drinks after work. I wanted to drink the artichoke dip. The triple chocolate brownie was also amazing.
4	We made our way downtown to try The Main Ingredient at the suggestion of my boyfriend who had received several recommendations from friends. This seat-yourself restaurant certainly did not disappoint on atmosphere and their comfort food was just what I was craving on a surprisingly chilly night. My BLT was full of flavor - any BLT that includes avocado is top notch in my book. I only had two small complaints about our experience: 1. It was so dark at our table that we had to share the candle to read the menu. Great for ambiance, not so great for ordering. 2. Bad service. I am willing to say it isn't always bad, but our waiter never came to our table on his own accord. He would walk by six or seven times before I would finally flag him down to order, get the bill, etc. All in all, it was a great night though.
4	Mac and cheese was good. Loved the baked cheesy crust on top & on the bottom.  Double yum! Philly cheesesteak was meaty, cheesy and delicious. Peppers and onions were cooked perfectly, still had a little crunch. Sheriden (turkey sandwich) had lots of sliced, moist, flavorful turkey. The ingredients all worked well together. Bread was nice and crusty. Kettle chips were cold, taste like bagged kettle chips and I didn't care too much for it. I expected them to come out freshly cooked and hot which would've made it awesome. Side salad was a nice mix of greens but a little too much dressing for my liking. Great deal on beers during happy hour. $2.50 pints! They also had 1/2 price starters but there wasn't one that truly caught my attention so we didn;t jump on that deal. Loved the music and the casual, chilled vibe of the place. Not a place I'd want to eat at all the time, but a place I'd come back for from time to time. Minus one star because they could offer better sides to accompany their tasty sandwiches.
5	Yum! One of my new favorite restaurants! Main Ingredient is a literally a house you walk into for a delicious meals. Is it really home cooked?  Close enough my friends.  I came here for lunch and ordered the BLT sandwich. I'm not much of a BLT sandwich guy but the thought of pork belly bacon raised my interest.  Needless to say I was totally satisfied. Mmmmmm...The bacon wasn't too crispy and it didn't fall apart like most bacon would when you take a first bite. The avocado was a perfect match. My mouth is watering talking about this BLT sandwich haha!  My friend order the Winner salad -- you can't go wrong with a name like that.  Turkey, salami and hardboiled eggs.  Seems pretty basis but definitely worth a try!Service was real good and my water was quick to fill.  The place itself was full of different artworks.  The front yard is the patio, but not enough sunlight hits it so I decided to sit indoors. However, I'm sure I'll come back someday to sit outdoors.  HH all day Sunday! - Enjoy!
4	This place is just down the street and a nice spot to stop in for a drink and nosh.  My husband and I stopped in awhile ago for dinner one night without the kids.  I think kids would be ok only if you are eating outside on the patio as it is a bit small and dark inside.  We had the mac and cheese which was really amazing, a touch too rich since it was pretty greasy, but really tasty as well as a sandwich which was also good.  I hope this place stays around as it fits well on 7th street and the food is worth a second visit.
5	This may be my favorite week night restaurant. The olive appetizer is my favorite, and the best olives I've had in my life. Ever. I get the sandwich with roast beef, muenster cheese and horseradish pretty regularly and cannot eat it fast enough it's so good! They also have great craft beers on tap!
5	What's not to love about this charming house turned eatery?The patio is awesome and usually full but even if that's the case and you're stuck sitting inside, it's inviting and cozy especially at night with the lights turned down and the candles lit. Mac & Cheese...my arch nemesis and one food that's been my fav from when I was 5. TMI nails it. So yummy and with the cracker/bread on top of it, adds a nice texture and taste. The BLT with avocado is delicious..so simple but the ingredients are fresh and you can't go wrong with chips and a pickle slice.TMI's beer list is solid and I've yet to try the wine but when it's basically down the street, I don't have to think of too many excuses to get back for the service and the atmosphere. By far one of my favorite places!
2	Eeeehhhh.....a group of us came here on a Saturday to take advantage of the patio and our beautiful weather, and I'll admit, I was so, so disappointed. I'm completely shocked it has such killer reviews.One: they don't have high chairs. Big slap in the face as a parent, if I'm being honest. You DO know you lose a customer when you so blatantly tell them their children aren't welcome...you know that, right? Not all children are misbehaved nuisances, and if I want to bring my kids out with me for a nice afternoon lunch in which we all enjoy ourselves, then I will! And you will have a high chair! And you will not rudely tell me "we don't have those" when I ask for one! Because then I get on Yelp and do crazy things like use too many exclamation points! So take a risk and order the damn high chairs. (Also let me now point out that there were several DOGS on the patio. So, I can bring my DOG to slobber and shed and just be gross all over while I'm eating, but I can't bring my child of high-chair-sitting-age?)*Rant over.Ahem. Where was I? Two: the servers were rude, slow, and all around unpleasant. Not a good vibe when you're trying to relax. (Oh wait, I bet it was my crazy kids making everyone grumpy!) We had to wait a good 10 minutes after sitting down for someone to clean our table/bring us menus/even notice we were there. Turns out half of our group didn't want to dine here because of said awful service, but they didn't mention it until after we were there and seated. Three: the food is alright, but not great. The Coney is still good (though I'm not sure it's the Best, per the New Times), and the Mac and Cheese is just alright (I personally prefer Windsor's). The hus ordered The Veg and he said it was one of the worst vegetable sandwiches he's ever had. I'm not sure why offering a decent vegetable sandwich is so difficult for many restaurants in Phoenix. Four: ambience. There was none. No music was playing, the tables and chairs were flimsy with no place settings/decorations, there's no art or plants or really anything inside or out. I probably won't ever be back to TMI, because frankly, there are just so many other places that are way better. *I understand I went totally nuts, and that not offering high chairs doesn't mean they don't welcome children, but really? COME ON.
5	Really..4 1/2 stars. I live a couple of blocks away and very very proud of this place. I've eaten here three times and each time my meal got better and better, I think that is the sign of a good restaurant. Great drinks, and perhaps the best artichoke dip I've had in a very very long time.
2	Well, I've been coming here for a couple of years now... not  very often, sometimes three times a month or more, sometimes I'll skip a month or so before I return.  We met up with some old friends from California the other day, and I thought I would order the macaroni and cheese for my three year old because the sandwiches are all made on artisan bread and a little bit on the tough side for a child.  When the macaroni and cheese arrived, it definitely looked homemade as I can see the oily, curdled cheese mess in front of my three year old.  I told him to eat, and he immediately started crying and saying "I don't like it! I don't like it!"  He is NOT a picky eater.  So, I let him "skip" this meal because I thought maybe he was distracted by our friends' little daughter.  We boxed up the food to go, and I was going to give it to him later on...but I took a bite of it myself and it was yucky.  I tried to fix it at home...still yucky.  I don't know if I caught it on a "bad" day, as we all have bad days, or if it's like that all of the time.  Mac and cheese with Rigatoni noodles???  Oily, crappy slop.  I understand the desire to use real cheese, but every good cook knows that you must use a flour/milk mixture so your cheese doesn't separate like that.  My review for this particular day is crappy, because I realized that this place is not kid friendly.  And, even the young crowd that comes here will eventually grow up and have kids of their own...and does the main ingredient want to lose their regular clients because there is no desire to create a kid menu?  Simple...get boxed mac n cheese, hot dogs, peanut butter and jelly, chicken noodle soup or even a can of spaghettios!  PARENTS WILL PAY AN INFLATED COST TO KEEP THEIR CHILDREN ENTERTAINED WHILE THEY ENJOY A NICE LUNCH WITH A GLASS OF BEER, OR GLASS OF WINE AND SOME OLD FRIENDS!
4	Everything is good! This is a great place to meet w/ friends. Lots of outdoor seating. Great place to get an awesome beer and a great sandwich. Will admit the service kinda sucks sometimes. That is the only  reason why I didn't gave a 5 star rating.
5	Good beer, good food. Love the cashew butter and jelly sandwich with bananas!
4	Great little ale house with a nice selection of sandwiches. It's a converted house set up just off of 7th Street. They serve fresh salads and some snacking type foods as well. The beers however are the stars in my book. Good selection of craft beer bottles with a handful on draft. The best priced happy hour craft beers that I have found. $2.50 for any draft. They will usually rotate one or two of the handles based on the season, and switch up the styles every now and then. If you miss the happy hour times, don't fret...the bottle selection is wonderful as well. The sandwiches provide a nice complimentary roll (HA!). A nice selection of different meats and combinations, as well as temperatures. They stay local with a Schreiner's coney dog, they get creative with their Cashew Butter and Jelly with banana sandwich, and my favorite is the Acapulco Cheesesteak.Ultimately a locally owned place with great beer, fresh and local food, and fair prices in a cool atmosphere.
3	The really like the cozy and relaxing atmosphere that this place created. It is basically a house that is turn into a restaurant. Having food in the patio feel like your'e having a meal at your grandma's house. The salsa and chip appetizer is really good. Mac and cheese was good in the beginning but after a few bite, it was too cheesy and creamy that you'll be too full to eat anything else. Next time I come back, I want the inside setting where it is lit with candles and give a cozy warm light
4	Literally, my only criticism of the Main Ingredient is that they don't serve gluten-free beer. Of ALL of the amazing beer and wine they serve, I was absolutely shocked that they didn't at least have Red Bridge.But beyond that, the food is amazing and I love the ambiance - it's like sitting in someone's living room, surrounded by great music and all of your besties.
5	Great place! The food was excellent, friendly service, and great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!
4	This is a great spot for lunch. I would never order a blt sandwich anywhere since it just sounds too boring for me. My friend encourage me to try their blt and boy was it good. I will be back for more. Nice relaxing atmosphere. Friendly waitstaff. Bartender with tatoos should smile a little more :)
1	Not Impressed.  Music way to loud - server was an order taker ....People smoking on the patio (Gross) after waiting for 10 minutes for the Ice Tea we ordered, having smoke drift into my lunges and then struggling to hear the person I was sitting with -- we got up and left.  Yes, it looks charming BUT there is something off about this place.  We wont be back.
4	This is the first time I have been here since it opened.  Glad to see they kept the patio space intact.  We split a couple of sandwiches (The Calvano with chips and the griddled cheese with field greens) and each had a beer (Main Ale, Hefeweizen).  All the food was good.  Service was decent.  I would definitely go back again, preferably when the weather made it possible to sit on the patio.  We happened to arrive early and I think we got some happy hour pricing on the the beers as the total for two was quite reasonable.
1	This place continues to disappoint. For example, today was a nice hot day in PHX and after sitting for more than 10 mins. all I had to show for my time was a menu. This menu of course showed up in the tenth minute of my stay. No H2O. I couldn't stick around to see how long that was going to take. The service at this place is just so so Bad. No really, it's bad. I live in the neighborhood so I like to support the local places but I just can not go back. I worked in the service industry for many many years and am always a good tipper; I'm  always nice to my server or bartender. Spend your money where they appreciate it, these guys apparently don't. How they can get a good review is beyond me.  I'm guessing it's from friends of the employees or owners. It must keep them very busy.
4	Went on a Monday - and scored both a half priced ($2.50) beer and one of the best BLT's I've had in Phoenix - chocked full of crisp bacon, locally grown tomatoes - paired with a better than average mixed green salad.   You don't go to TMI to be wowwed by a splendid dinner - you go here to kick it with your pals in a cozy-swank environment with good beers and a cut-above average bar food. The patio is awesome on a good weather night!
4	I heard about this place and decided to try it. All I wanted was a salad. I was happy to see a blue cheese and pear salad..which..i am happy to report..."blue" me away it was so delicious! Roasted pecans I think topped this salad and my tongue was very happy. Service was good, friendly, and i want to come back and order something with a beer! A very simple lunch menu is a good thing, too. It tells me the chef thought about this and only picked his or her best items to include.
5	Great atmosphere and service.  Can't waits to come back and try other sandwiches!
5	This is a fun little place with an amazingly diverse menu and out-of-this-world food. The beer list has everything from $2 Mickey's to gourmet brews. The menu offers small, light salad for me and grilled, steak-filled sandwiches for my husband. It has a fun and easy atmosphere with incredibly nice staff. I have only been here a few times, but it is becoming a new favorite!
4	I will be honest, the first and second time I visited TMI I was extremely disappointed, mainly with the service.  My wife and I decided to give it another chance and we have since become fans.  They offer a good happy hour and the meals are enough to split between two people. I would definitely recommend the "Artichoke Heaven" or "TMI Toast" as a starter.  Any sandwich you pick should not disappoint, my favorite's are "The Sheridan" and the "RB & C."  I would recommend the greens as your side, the dressing is delicious.  My favorite is that I can take it back to the old school and order a Mickey's wide mouth hand grenade as a beverage.  There beer list is quite extensive and they have many local brews on tap, along with other fine beverages.Thank you TMI for turning my frown upside down.
1	VEGETARIANS WATCH OUT!!I've only dined in once and yes, the service was terrible like a lot of the reviews are saying - my friend and i sat on the patio and barely saw our waitress.We frequently order lunch takeout from here for my work, however, so I've eaten from here many times. They only have a few veg items, not including salads, and their vegetarian sandwich is very bready and flavorless. I've recently become addicted to the TMI toast but the last time I ordered it I found several chunks of meat in it. After contacting the restaurant, I'm not sure that I can ever recommend this restaurant to anyone because the response I got was "maybe it was a garlic clove." I'm no meat expert, being a vegetarian and all, but I'm also not a total idiot. Garlic cloves are not very high on my list of foods pretending to be meat! There was absolutely no reassurance that it was a one time mistake. As a vegetarian it's very important that I feel confident in a restaurant NOT putting meat in my food!! From their response I found exactly the opposite - they don't care AT ALL about that. If you're a vegetarian you should definitely find somewhere else to eat. There are so many cute and delicious places other than here. From the bad service and limited choices, not to mention finding surprise meat in your food, there's simply no reason to waste your money at The Main Ingredient!
4	Fantastic!!!  Ride your bikes up here for a drink in the front yard or on the front porch.  Enjoy the delicious BLT or the Acapulco Cheesesteak like I have.  You could definitely share one of these sandwiches with a friend.  They have a sandwich called "The Jive Turkey" which I think is reason enough to come here.What makes downtown Phoenix so cool?  Places like this.
4	The Main Ingredient has quickly become one of our favorite chill-out spots. friendly people, good food, huge portions, good beers.some highlights:we usually sit at the bar. I'll order beers(drafts are half off during Happy Hour 3-6pm), and he'll order a Coke(Mexican--bottled). the house olives are fantastic(plenty of fresh garlic, fresh herbs, and citrus zest), as well as the chips and salsa(fairly average chips, but the salsa is incredible). I've gotten the Red Goat salad twice(greens, TONS of strawberries and pistachios, rich balsamic dressing and an abundance of goat cheese--though, the second time around, I ordered it with gorgonzola dulce). Hubby has had the Coney(HUGE hot dog on a fantastic bun...delicious all around), and the Cash Money...holy HELL. this sandwich is...SO rich. full of cashew butter(house made), red pepper jelly(made with Cabernet), and banana...it's off the hook, trust me.in the daytime, it's a fun spot to chill. at night, it's a great blend of romantic(very dim, with candles on every table) and hip. love this place.
2	This is my first 2-star review, and it pains me to give it to a local place that has a lovely location/reputation and that I otherwise would have loved if not for a few things.1) THE MUSIC. The only place to sit, unfortunately, was inside, right in the corner beneath a speaker. My husband was sitting 2 feet away and I could not hear him speak. I also had a hard time hearing our server.  The music was mostly rap. It had the feeling of being next to a booming bass at a frat party.2) I suppose it was tied to the music, but the ambience was more akin to an alehouse than a real restaurant. 3) Service was spotty and not very professional. After telling our waitress we needed more time to think about what to order, we waited 10 full minutes before we saw her again, and I had pretty much decided right after she left what I had wanted. Any longer and I think we would have left.Again, I love and support all local Phoenix places, but I was highly dissapointed. The redeeming things, that would push me more towards a 2.5-star review if possible, were that our sandwiches were good (the griddled cheese and the acapulco) , and the patio looked much nicer to sit on. However, we won't be back to find out if it is or not.
4	Love the fact that this place feels like a cozy little cottage home! Menu choices are dee-lish that I know I have to go back soon and try the rest. I settled on the Red Goat salad which was filled with amazingly tasty strawberries, pistachios and goat cheese. The vinaigrette dressing was perfect and didn't overpower the greens. Portion sizes are perfect too as I was satisfied but not overly full. I went with coworkers and their sandwiches looked awesome. I shall be back to give those a try soon!
5	Main ingredient, oh how your deliciousness overfloweth, and your food ain't bad either!After getting suckered into a lunch with the guys from work, we flipped a coin and ended up aimed from The Main Ingredient. Let me tell you, there are worse places to end up for lunch. I wasn't sure how, but the coin was flipped between, Main Ingredient, Cartel, AND Upper Crust. I didn't realize there were 3 sides to a coin before, but apparently there is. I was torn between the Mac & Cheese and the the Red Goat. After some convincing my buddies and the waitress helped me land on the Mac & Cheese. Although, you can't really compare apples to apples here, being that the Red Goat is a salad and the Mac & Cheese is; well, Mac & Cheese, I really was torn. Let me tell you now, this was the beginning of the end for me, and I haven't looked back since. After that first bite I made an executive decision; I would be taking a vacation from my normal diet. Don't worry diet, we'll get back together someday soon, just not today and likely not tomorrow either.The Mac & Cheese here was like a lasagne of good ol' hometown delicious cheesy goodness, expecting to see a piled scoop of cheesy noodles, I was pleasantly surprised! Cooked with loads of cheddar cheese and topped with green chile, this was pure Mac & Cheese bliss.In real downtown Phoenix fashion, Main Ingredient is tucked into a renovated home, redone to give that home / cafe feel. Many of their dishes are served with a crispy crusted soft and extremely tasty bread and on a side note, ask them for a side of olive oil for dipping it in. Better for you than butter and in my opinion better tasting, and it adds a little European charm. Here's hoping your next coin flip ends all you up at Main Ingredient. Happy Dining Yelpers!
3	Not quite hot sex on a platter but good food, yummy beer and great music go a long way!
4	Old houses turned into hip and modern restaurants are just so cool, and The Main Ingredient Ale House & Cafe in central Phoenix is no exception. And it's hard to find a place in the States that serves Coca-Cola Light, so it gets points for that alone.The dark and cozy eatery looks like it could be a romantic spot because the lighting inside is so low, but it's actually more casual in that it has sports broadcasting on a television in the dining room, and the bar is stocked with more than 30 beers from around the country and a variety of wines. This would be a great place to come before a game downtown if you want to chill out but still want to be a part of culture, since it's in the historic Coronado district.The food menu at The Main Ingredient is simple and stocked with salads, sandwiches and American staples such as mac n' cheese. Everything that came out looked really high-quality, and my food was delicious.First, I really enjoyed the chips and salsa ($4), with chips from yummy local La Tolteca and a medium heat salsa. The chips had the perfect texture and consistency, and the salsa had the right amount of spiciness. They definitely rivaled some of the best chips and salsa I've had at Mexican food restaurants, which is no surprise considering they're from La Tolteca.For my entree, I got the griddled cheese with a  side of greens ($7). Instead of the sourdough it usually comes on, I got the sandwich on focaccia and added avocado to go along with the tomato. Be sure to pair your sandwiches with the greens rather than the kettle chips-I added a delicious lemon vinaigrette to the greens, and they were amazing. I could have eaten that salad as the whole meal, it was so delicious-if you don't like salads, this will make you a believer. The focaccia made the sandwich mouth-wateringly good, and for the price, I thought it was an excellent value.Besides the tasty food, The Main Ingredient also features a little patio, and it's definitely a central Phoenix gem that's worth checking out.
5	The Main Ingredient is one of those downtown staples that I used to visit every week when I lived just around the corner. My favorite sandwich is the Jive Turkey (it's ridiculously good), followed by the Cash Money (yum). The chips and salsa are also worth noshing on.Once famous for the Gordon on their drink menu, they have mixed it up a bit with the Gordon equivalent G'Knight. I'm not sure if they're back to serving Gordon yet, but if so, do it! TMI also has the best Happy Hour in town on Mondays.If you're just there for drinks with a friend, grab the tiny sofa! If you're there with a bunch of friends, snag an outside patio table; it's casual and the best place to have conversation. It's also extra fun when it gets colder in the fall---they bring out the firepits!All in all, this is one of the best places to have a tasty casual meal in downtown. Grab a beer and enjoy!
3	Only been here once so far, and I'd like to return to sample some of their other items (the salad I had was rather delicious).  I was also thrilled to see AZ Stronghold wine on the menu.  However, I felt a bit out of place.  The atmosphere was usually one that I love, but I just couldn't get into it there.  Maybe it was the baseball playing in the back ground, or the way some of the other guests eyed me and my table mate, but I felt a little too awkward to be really comfortable.  As far as the food and service went, awesome.  Just got a funny vibe from the place.
4	Personally I love this place. Its small, trendy, has a bar area, plenty of seating, big windows, a great menu and friendly staff! I went again yesterday, for lunch with my son, mom, and brother. My mom and I both had the Acapulco Cheesesteak. Its got roast beef, some kind of Mexican cheese, red peppers, onions, and chipotle sauce! The sandwich was so good. Rich. Flavorful. Stacked. Fillings falling out of the sandwich! It came with a "salad" on the side. It was some lettuce with dressing on it. The balsamic was really good though. My brother had the Sheridan. Which was also stacked with turkey, salami, cheese lettuce, tomato and some spicy mustard. My brother can put down some grub but he was only able to finish half of his sandwich and half his side of kettle chips. Alisa was our server and she was really sweet and helpful. She was super with my son. Its always cute to watch my 7 year old flirt with a waitress haha. Okay so the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is because I didn't go here alone. Based on the opinions of the company I was with saying that our server should have come around more I have to drop one. I think if our table as a whole had been 100% satisfied with the service it would be 5 stars. I love that the soda pop comes out in bottles with an ice filled glass to kind of self serve. My son kept his bottle.I have also had the Jive Turkey sandwich from here which has turkey breast, tomato and lettuce with this amazing jalapeno cream cheese. The Mindy's Mac & Cheese is amazing also! My son had the quesadilla from here which is pricey for what it is considering he orders it plain, but the cheese is yummy and the rest of the food makes it totally worth it! Plus it comes with a side of cream cheese, guacamole, and salsa. We four way split the Triple Chocolate Brownie for desert and seeing as how none of us could finish our plates it was just enough! This place will always be on my list of go-to restaurants in CenPho!Xx,Reesie
5	Loved their Sheridan sandwich! Great beer selection and a kick back style makes this the next best in Phoenix!
5	I have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.  The BLT is so good; especially since they use pork belly bacon!  I love the chips and salsa and their different salads are wonderful.  Plus, the prices are very reasonable.
3	I had the grilled cheese which was absolutely amazing.  We sat on the patio which was very pleasant and surprisingly quiet.  I would probably go back there again.
5	This is my favorite neighborhood spot after moving into the midtown area of Phoenix just a couple months ago. It's quickly becoming a weekly hangout, especially since Monday boasts $2.50 drafts all night. The rotating tap currently is the Peach Ale from Four Peaks which is a personal favorite, so I've found myself walking on over to Main Ingredient more often.Everything on the menu I have tried has been scrumptious including, but not limited to their award-winning and decked-out hot dog, Jive Turkey sandwich and Baby Bleu salad, which goes amazing with the Peach Ale, just sayin'. Also, the turkey used here is roasted in-house.The other amazing thing about Main Ingredient is that they are pet-friendly. Bring your pups along and the friendly staff will put out a water bowl and make sure they're happy. My roommate's little Ruby Rue loves to lounge in the evening warmth as we throw back a couple beers, especially since she gets lots of love from friendly neighbors and staff.
3	My wife and I went here last night for dinner.  The inside was packed so we took a seat on the patio.  It took about 15 minutes to be acknowledged by the waitress who said there was some confusion over who was taking our section and that she was very sorry.  Whatever, blah blah blah.  Their beer list as well as the prices on the beer are pretty good.  We each ordered one.  I was given a different beer than I ordered but I didn't say anything.  Originally I had hoped to make this a leisurely evening and not be rushed.  You know - have a few drinks, eat some food and just relax.  Instead, our beers, appetizer and entrees came out basically all at once.  I HATE that.For an appetizer we ordered the veggie quesadilla.  It was HUGE and perfect to share among a few people.  The ingredients were fresh as was the guacamole.  My only complaint was that it was a little difficult to eat while not making a complete mess because it was so big.For a main course my wife ordered some salad and I had the Acapulco Cheesesteak.  Her salad looked good and said she would definitely order it again.  My sandwich was very good.  It was meaty, cheesy and delicious.  The baguette was an interesting touch and was very good.  I had a Coke Light in a bottle which was a great compliment to my meal.  We also ordered the mac n' cheese as a side because for some reason when mac is on the menu I have to order it.  It was just ok.  Definitely different.  I can't really explain it though.  It was like a casserole.The service was just ok.  I don't understand why places like this can't hire a few more servers.  It shouldn't take forever to get a drink or to get another one.  I don't want to feel rushed to order everything at once for fear I may never see my server again. One of the best things about this place are the prices.  They are very reasonable.  On average the meals are like 8 bucks and 4 for the beers.  In a city full of fru fru overpriced plates and beers, this place stands out a bit.  On the other hand, in a city full of restaurants converted from houses, this place blends in.  They all have the same crowded interior, schlocky patio, a few cans of cheap beer, and food offerings that are trying to push the envelope and be all artsy fartsy.  I am not hipster enough to understand all this nor do I want to be.  Drinking a Schlitz on a smoky patio doesn't interest me. Anyway, I'm glad I went and gave it a shot but this place really doesn't do it for me.
3	So I have tried Main Ingredient a handful of times after several gave it great reviews.  I am giving them a so so rating because the service is usual less than good and the food is not the best.  The atmosphere and drinks are fantastic.  It is a great place to go hang out and have a beer with friends but I would skip it for dinner.  I have tried a variety of things on the menu and have found them either extremely average or below average in taste.  I am really surprised by all the great reviews of the food because there are many many better food options in the neighborhood.  Only one out of the 4-5 times I have been there has the service been decent.  The other times it has taken forever to even be acknowledged and even longer to get a drink.
2	Drinks and atmosphere are good, but the rest is not worth the hassle. By hassle, I mean wondering if/when someone will grace you with their presence to take an order. I have had a few different sandwiches there and the best one was the cashew nut butter with homemade jam, but I am not usually in the mood to go out for a beer and peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Everything else has been blah. I live in the 'hood and will not consider eating here again. Drinks, maybe, but I would rather go across the parking lot to Humble Pie for food.
5	TMI has quickly become one of my favorite neighborhood dining/hangout spots in Phoenix. Its the perfect place to start your Friday or Saturday evening, with some fun music to set the mood, good eats and a good selection of wine and beer, or a great happy hour spot with half price drafts! The patio is perfect in the evenings or when the temps cool down! We've always had pretty good service here, but the last few times we've gone we've had outstanding service from Will! Our second time at one of his tables he even remembered what we had to drink on our previous visit! Needless to say we were pretty impressed with his memory and are happy to have him taking care of us when we hang out here (especially since he introduced me to the chili cheese dogs on Saturdays)! You basically cannot go wrong with anything on the menu... I've tried just about everything, but always find myself rotating between the Coney dog, the RB & C (roast beef and cheddar with a creamy horseradish sauce), and the cheesesteak (SO GOOD)! The mac and cheese is also incredible, and filling enough to be an entire meal! This is a MUST TRY if you've never been!
4	TMI has been one of my favorite places to sit back and have a drink on the patio. Haven't been there lately due to the heat though. They have a great happy hour with a nice selection of beers on tap and a few bucks off cocktails. The food has always been the big draw for me. LOVE the Sheridan sandwich! Toasted and cheesy :) The Red Goat salad is delicious with pistachios, goat cheese, strawberries, and their to-die-for balsamic vinaigrette! Mac n Cheese is a hit as well! The service has always been poor, but that has become expected. It takes a long time to be greeted, and expect your glass to be empty for awhile before they come around to offer you another. The waitress always seems to be rude and acts like you are bothering her. Other than that, I recommend it! It's in a cute Phoenix historic house and they place cool music :)
4	Yay! I'm a fan. I was lucky to have had the first opportunity to go there in Feb of this year when the weather was still really nice, not scorching hot, so I was able to enjoy there nice big outdoor patio. I went there after work on a weekday and was surprised to see as many people there as I did.. The atmosphere was amazing super laid back perfect for catching up with an old friend which I was. They had the perfect chill music playing in the background to really complete the homely atmosphere. Good eats and drinks. I noticed they not only did they have a lot of local beers but a full bar as well which I love since I don't really drink beer. The service was good but a little on the slower side which for that day since I was catching up with an friend it worked out. From all the reviews it seems like you really can't go wrong with anything you order but I can personally vouch for the The Acapulco Cheese steak, deli-sh. Great spot can't wait to go back. It's hard to find a truly cool spot with a great vibe.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant because they make healthy food taste delicious!!! When the weather is nice I enjoy having lunch on the patio. The restaurant is a cute beautiful house.
5	I will start this review off by saying that I would normally have given this place 4 stars, but for a large dog-friendly patio, and immediate water bowls the minute your dogs butt hits the ground, they get the extra star. We went today, a Sunday, and sat down next to people that had the exact same dog that we have (a female harlequin Great Dane) and knew that it was fate.  We sat by them, because they seemed awesome and in great company, the food flourished in my eyes.  They have a pretty decent beer selection, they had my favorite Sonoran White Chocolate ale and my boyfriend had something he loved on tap called the Bell's Two Hearted Ale (but apparently it's an amazing IPA). I knew I'd love mine, he LOVED his.We had the Mac and Cheese, which was awesome, but not as amazing as others I've had.  So order it if your a Mac person, but don't if you're not.  We had two sandwiches for dinner, I had the Acapulco Cheesesteak (UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!!!!)  and Seann had the RB&C (an equally impressive Roast Beef concoction). Those were both devoured with great beer and great conversation with others.Lastly we had the Triple Chocolate Brownie, per a recommendation from our fellow dog owner and it was delish.  VERY VERY chocolatey and too much food after an app, a sandwich and two beers, but it was definitely worth trying.Overall the food would have gotten a four, but the experience with cool people around us, and a great waitress really sealed the 5 star deal.  Now being added into the rotation.  Thank you Main Ingredient! : )
2	The food was good, but the poor service and too loud music ruined the experience. We got a few menu items and shared them. I found the flavor of the Mac and cheese to be good, but too greasy. The peanut butter and jelly was good; it was like the comfort food of your childhood grew up to be just a bit more complex. But my favorite was the roast beef. If I was ever compelled to return this would be the item I would get. The heat on the horseradish was PERFECT.Given the choice I would go next door to Humble Pie instead.
5	Amazing as always! Love The Veg and the Coney!
2	i like tmi but i doubt i'll ever be a true fan. we went there yesterday during monday's "all day happy hour"-the seasonal draft was exempt and they were out of two of the 5 remaining drafts. plus, our waitress was actually bitchy about the fact that we questioned the fact that they were out of so many beers and  waited to order food until our whole party arrived- there were a decent amount of tables available and after she took our order, she basically disappeared until it was time for a check and handed them to us with the most unattractive bitchface. i'm a fan of the music but it's a bit too loud at times. the food is good but so is a lot of other food in the area
4	I like it! Great music, great food. The artichoke dip was a very nice starter, the beet salad delicious, and the tacos were just melt in your mouth fantastic.My only issue was there is no kids menu, not that what I ordered for my child was not delicious, it was just way too much food. I like it when I can go out with my kid and  get her a well rounded meal with fruit and veggies of some sort on the side. Its too bad they don't cater to the young ones the way they cater to people's dogs. I would return but probably only for lunch when my kids at school.
5	Hip hop sandwich shop.  Not a traditional dining experience.  Food was great, and prices were very great.  Everything on menu was under $10.  Mac and Cheese is worth ordering as an appetizer, and the BLT was rediculously delicious. I look forward to going back again, and probably again.
3	Well, I must confess myself disappointed. Apparently, it's the owner's day off. There are hardly any customers, yet it took over 20 minutes for our food, while four servers BS'd up front. We are regulars here, and we will return, but probably not on a Sunday.
4	Came here on a Tuesday night. If you dont know where this place is and if your not looking for it, then you will pass it up,(its on 7th st right next to Humble Pie). It has a very cozy vibe to it, and the patio had a good amount of people on it enjoying this wonderful weather. The service was good. Our waitress Elaina let us know which beers they were out of. And when they didn't have the one I wanted, she was quick to suggest an alternative which was just as good. We ordered the Calvano, and the Jive Turkey. The Calvano was good, it was almost like eating a pizza (just as Elaina told me). It had sopressata, artichoke chunks, local tomatoes, red peppers and a good cheese to compliment, on chibatta bread. I didn't try the Jive Turkey since I'm not a fan of cream cheese (it was either that or cottage cheese, hell I don't remember) but she said it was a good sandwich. Both sandwiches were accompanied by a side salad that came with dressing on it (don't know if you have an option to choose something different) which I thought was a great choice. The best part about this place for me was the music. I've never been to a place like this that plays hip hop! Adi don't mean that cookie cutter bullshit that's on the radio. I'm talking about Beastie Boys, Pete Rock and CL Smooth, DTMD, T-Love (bonus props for them playing this, I've never heard her music played anywhere but in my CD player)  some serious underground (read: REAL) hip hop. I had heard a couple of Pete and CL tracks while I was there, but it didn't occur to me that the restaurant was playing tracks off of Pete and CLs second CD entitled.....The Main Ingredient.  Well played guys, well played. So for 3 beers, and 2 sandwiches, total came to 34.98. Not bad at all. I'll definitely be back, and I'm bringing friends with me.
5	This place is very cool.After having dinner at Humble Pie and seeing all the hype going on over at this little joint, I knew I had to check it out. Grabbed lunch with my intern here mid afternoon on a Friday. It's an entirely remodeled home turned into a restaurant. Go inside and you can see where the lviing room with fireplace used to be and the kitchen area too. All redone to be intimate seating and a very quaint but stocked bar area. Even the bathroom looks old school like they just moved in and the prior residents were just there! It's pretty cool.We sat on the patio which had a ton of great seating. Couches for hanging and drinking probably to a little 3 chair bar area and plenty of patio tables with a great umbrella in the middle. Also to the side is this super funky old tractor contraption that now is a glorious fountain resting on a mountain of giant rocks. It's very cool. So out of place but I dug it.The wait service was fantastic. She wasn't pushy but attentive too. We orded the baby blue and the BLT. The baby blue had the sweetest chewiest walnuts ever and what looked like perfect amount of blue cheese too. Apple slices wer cut super thin and drizzled with a yummy dressing. I had the BLT which came with a chipolte mayo saice and avacado. Yeah, that's right. The bacon was cooked to be extra crunchy and served on the best locally grown lettuce and tomatos. They give you kettle chips and a pickle spear. Hands down, that damn pickle was stellar.Can't wait to go back on a Sunday or Monday for an all day happy hour.
1	We usually Love this place and their food. We love to sit outside and enjoy the weather. However we do not enjoy that they do not have a seperate outside smoking area. As we were trying to enjoy our food 3 different people lit up and the rest of the meal was ruined. We will not be returning until a seperate smoking area is designated
5	This place is the absolute best. It's got such a great ambiance and it's a fun, homey little place to eat at. If you don't know where it is, it's easy to miss, but I'm sure that's part of its charm. I never deviate from the veggie quesadillas because they are the absolute best quesadillas I have ever had. I'm sure you can't go wrong with choosing anything on the menu. They have all-day happy hour on Saturdays which you just can't beat. The staff is really nice and will remember you if you go there enough! It's got a great vibe and I will always recommend it. I'll definitely be heading back soon!
4	Yet another home retrofitted into an awesome restaurant.I'm instantly drawn to the "Hot Sandwich" section of the menu; I've tried The Sheridan, RB & C, Cash Money, and The Jive Turkey (Yes...all in one visit...kidding, jeez. Are you trying to say I'm fat?). All were exceptional, but my favorite is the Sheridan. Also, the beverage menu is well rounded, I'd be surprised if you couldn't find something to please your palette here. Most recently I tried the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale (locally brewed) which was quite good. I accidentally had two glasses ;)
5	Great place for dinner, I came here based on reviews and it didn't disappoint. Good selection of drinks for a small-ish venue, and the food was quite tasty (I had the Jive Turkey sandwich). Staff was really helpful and patient, and not pushy at all. Overall, highly recommend.
5	This place makes my innards tingle. The atmosphere is energized and the food is absolutely top notch. Much to be said about this joint. It's great for a date or small groups. Staff is awesome and attentive. Overall, I will go here frequently.
5	One of my favorite neighborhood spots.  Everything is great about this place.  It's location, it's design, it's staff, it's beer, and it's food.  And the fact that the owner is almost always there working behind the bar says a lot about the place considering it's already established and known.  Their menu serves something for everyone and for whatever your taste bud mood is that moment.Did I mention they're dog friendly?  That is has a great patio?  And Ska Decadent is on tap?
3	This place really is delicious but it would never be somewhere I crave. You know? With all the other stupidly delicious options there are in this part of town I feel there are a few things they could do to step it up a little bit. The service for one. It hasn't been awful but its definitely been mediocre whenever I've been. They have tons of seating and a great patio. Anytime we go the patio looks enticing but the majority of the time my man and I don't want to sit by someone who is smoking while we eat. Nothing against smokers! I just don't want to inhale that while I'm eating. The salads have been killer every time I go but with that being said, I only order their salads because I feel like there is nothing else on the menu I'd really want. I've ordered The Beet Salad and The Baby Bleu. Both of which were tasty and huge. If it means anything at all, my man loves this place. He has ordered the grilled cheese and the veggie quesadilla and loved both. The only time I'd go here is if my boyfriend wants it. But hey, at least i'm never unsatisfied right?
4	I REALLY like this place. I've been twice for dinner and both times had a fantastic time. I've only ordered 2 different types of salad, but both were just amazing. All the items on their menu are totally unique and each one sounds more delicious than the next. Portion sizes are just right and the staff is very friendly and fast. I love the ambiance too. Of course I'm gonna say it, the music was right up my alley. Nice and chill, catchy. I dance a little whilst ingesting my meal. That is most excellent. I will keep going back and ordering new menu items until it is 5 motha fuckin' stars.
4	I loved the patio area and the lights!! Good food and friendly service!! I went with the ever yummy cash-money!!! Oh soo gooey delicious!!! Must try!! The vibe of the place was just right!!  Very soothing and hip!!
5	Great food, unique set-up, good music, and friendly service. My boyfriend and I tried this place out for my birthday and we both loved it. Artichoke dip is amazing!
5	Last Friday for lunch we decided to go to Main Ingredient.  OMG,  this place has the best BLT in town.  I'm not really sure what bacon they used, but it was awesome.  So the sandwich had chipotle mayonnaise,  lettuce, tomato and the perfect amount of bacon.  Normally when I get a BLT from somewhere it only has a couple of pieces of bacon on it.    Thanks, Main Ingredient for the best BLT ever.  :)
5	Love the beer, food, and service.  Wish they had some outdoor heaters for December and January though.  Great neighborhood gathering place!
5	I love this place, they have good beer and there artichoke dip is great.  Good place to sit back eat and enjoy the atmosphere.
4	This is my favorite place to eat downtown, without a doubt. The Mac & Cheese is almost as good as Grandma makes, the salads are amazing, and the delicious sandwiches are unique. The service is friendly, and any recommendations I have received were exactly right.
5	MAC N CHEESE. POINT BLANK, end of discussion. Anyone not throwing up 5 stars for this downtown gem should have their 1st amendment rights stripped from them instantly. Ever since The Roosevelt closed its doors, dwntwn phx has been in desperate need of an intimate, worthwhile spot to go to. Too bad I didn't discover this place sooner. My wife and I are underground hip hop junkies so its only fitting we attend this place whenever we need our fix of MF Doom w/ Mac n Cheese. Shoutout to Main Ingredient for being the 1st downtown bar to carry Pumpkin Porter this season.
5	The ambiance is divine. An indoor/outdoor layout that works very well. The menu is what counts, and TMI has an awesome one. I highly recommend making a special trip here for lunch. I am always impressed.
5	Love this place! My fiance and I came here last Saturday and had a great time. It's such a cute little restaurant - one of those little charming converted houses. Prices are super reasonable and the food is tasty, just a great place to hang out and relax.I ordered the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale but found it way too sweet so I got the Magic Hat for my second drink and was much happier. We loved the artichoke and cheese dip. My fiance ordered the cheesesteak which he ended up having to share with me since my sandwich wasn't any good. But the cheesesteak was delish. I ordered the roast beef sandwich but unfortunately it was so dry and overcooked that it wasn't even edible. The server took one look at it and took it off our bill. No big deal, overall I was still very happy with this place.I can't wait to go back and try some other things -- mac & cheese, tmi toast, tacos and their salads. Yum!
4	TMI is one of those cute, little places in downtown converted from an old house, inconspicuously perched along the street - I almost missed it! It's a few blocks over from the art museum and was our choice to decompress after an afternoon there. I was so jealous of everyone sitting in their awesome outdoor space, but it was mostly all taken and I wasn't dressed to sit outside as the sun went down anyway, but now I know! Inside, the tables were all open. We took a high top in the back and slowly watched the place fill up. I wasn't impressed with our server. My first impression was that she was young, which is okay, but she was young and pretty disaffected, had no interest in being there, helping us or unfortunately checking on us, clearing the table or bringing the check in a timely manner. The food runners were at least friendlier, so I think she was just a fluke and hopefully just having an off day.I didn't care too much for the two beers I tried - an Oak Creek hef and a Red Nectar amber (and obviously the server didn't help out much with the selection when asked) - but they have plenty of other options, although not as many on tap as I would have guessed. I tried my friend's White Chocolate and it was different but good.The food was great. It definitely made up for so-so beer and a less than so-so server. We split Artichoke Heaven dip - nice, big chunks of artichoke with melted cheese and chiles, which they seem to use to add a little heat to a handful of their dishes - and the Veg sandwich with a salad. The dressing on the mixed greens was light and delicious and the veggie sandwich was perfect. The menu says it's roasted seasonal vegetables - mine had shitaki mushrooms, summer squash, red peppers - and the garlic goat cheese was an amazing spread. Thumbs up, definitely check out the patio!
4	Good happy hour prices. Nice beer selection. Staff was very nice. The place overall has a great mellow vibe. Great place to unwind downtown after work. Better than sitting in traffic. Check this place out.
4	This spot is great.  It's a spot I recommend for a group party or even bringing a date. The food is pretty superb and if i'm ever in Phoenix, AZ again. I'll be sure to stop by again.
5	Not sure how I've waited so long to write a review, but this place is great. Great ambiance, great food and always great beer on tap. This is basically my go to spot and it never fails to deliver.
5	I absolutely love restaurants that are converted from old houses--in my experience they always have such a comfortable feel and the food always seems fresh and delicious.  The Main Ingredient definitely lived up to my expectations. The food is delicious, the ambiance is great, and the service is fast.The patio is optimal for a date or hangout with friends. Since it was full, though, my date and I instead enjoyed relaxing couch seating inside. Also a good choice, although we felt a bit short since we were sitting across from a few hightop tables. :)As this was my first visit, I've only tried a few things on the menu. But I can tell you that the artichoke dip is the best I've ever had. And the Jive Turkey sandwich is delicious. So is the lemonade--they offer free refills even though it's clearly homemade. Yum!  With so many interesting sandwich combinations, I'm excited to go back and sample more items. I'd also love to bring some vegetarian friends--they had quite a few tasty looking meat-free options. My only complaint is that our waitress wasn't the friendliest. She wasn't rude, just seemed disinterested.  The rest of the staff, however, was really polite.  I could also forsee complaints arising from other patrons about the lack of parking available, but my date and I didn't mind walking off a few artichoke dip calories on the way back to the car.
3	I came here for happy hour on Sunday. The artichoke dip was good and had a very nice texture, not soupy like the typical artichoke dip. The service was not very good, at all, hence the three star rating.
2	I went here on a date with my husband on Saturday in the late afternoon. When we walked in a guy greeted us and he was very nice. We sat down and given menus a few minutes later. They don't have very much variety on their menu which was disappointing. Our waitress came to the table and she was not the friendliest. I ordered chips and salsa and the mac and cheese. My husband ordered some kind of sandwich and it came with salad as well. We waited and waited for the chips and salsa that never came. The guy who originally greeted us brought our food. A few minuted later the waitress came over and said, "Oh, we don't have chips so that's why you did not get your chips". She did not apologize and just walked away. That would have been nice to know before so maybe I could have ordered a different appetizer. Our waitress never checked on us again and did not ask how we liked the food. I did like the mac and cheese, but I don't think I would go out of my way to go here again. I also liked the salad that came with my husbands meal. I liked the decor, but thought the music was a bit loud.
5	favorite place to eat in phoenix!
5	We stopped in for a weekday lunch, and sat on the patio toenjoy the nice weather.  The waitress was very attentive, our sandwiches were VERY good (and arrived hot), and the greens were fresh.  A great place for a nice lunch; however, arrive early.  The place fills up quickly (including patio)at noon.   Highly recommended!
4	I love their happy hours which start at 11AM! I go there quite often for lunch since it's close to my office. The BLT is awesome...among other good sandwiches.
4	Popped into the Main Ingredient for lunch on a beautiful AZ spring day.  After initially sitting inside, someone left on the patio so we swooped in and claimed their seats.  Really glad we did because sitting outside really made this dining experience because the patio is really nice and inviting, as was the inside, but since it was such a nice day it was cool to sit on the shaded patio.We started off our lunch with a couple of draft beers that were only $2.50... such a deal!  I tried the white chocolate beer, which was surprisingly really good!  The Hubs and I decided to share the mac and cheese and the BLT for lunch.  The mac and cheese was pretty darn good... but maybe had too much green chilis.  The BLT was by far the star of the afternoon meal.  It was awesome... from the bacon to the bread and avocado, everything was done right.  Just really enjoyable.I found the service to be good, but our waitress didn't seem too happy.  She was quick and helpful, so I guess that is good enough for me.  I am looking forward to stopping in again soon and trying out some other items on the menu.
4	I'm a pretty big fan of The Main Ingredient. It's off of a residential street and we love to ride our bikes over there. Their beer selection is pretty great and the food never disappoints. The BLT is a favorite of mine, although the salads are pretty stellar also. The only downside is that the service is spotty. I've had both great and less than average service experiences there. Also, the music is always pretty loud for such a small space. The atmosphere outside usually makes up for it as it's perfect for the AZ weather.
1	Gave this place a second chance after my last dissapointment. First my GF ordered greens instead of chips. Chips came instead. We asked for salad instead. It never came. Our glasses set empty for awhile before we got refils. After our food we ordered a dip. It never came.......20 minutes later we just asked for our check. We waited, waited and no one picked up the check so luckily we had cash. Left it on the table.
5	Atmosphere- charming, converted house. Music- older hip hop, any band Q-Tip was in, some surprises. Two TVs, a localvore approach down to the draft beers, and the best BLT around. Looking forward to returning!
5	Probably the best sandwich I have had in the Valley of the Sun.
4	I would prefer to give 3 1/2 stars. They have a great beer selection. I ordered the Jive Turkey sandwich. It was really good. Very cute, intimate place. Which brings me to my biggest complaint. The music was so loud I could barley have a conversation. The nice candles and mood lighting, but blaring music in such a small place just doesn't work. The service was ok. Not great. Not bad. It seemed to take awhile to get refills on the drinks. I would definitely go back to try some other food.
5	Excellent house turned restaurant. Great sandwiches! Great mac and cheese! A variety of beers which we didn't try today but plan to. Will definitely be back!
4	Took a friend there for her first time she had The Sheridan and loved it. I had the RB&C which was awesome full of flavor and enough horseradish kick!...good beer selection and great food will always come back to eat here they never disappoint!
1	Thursday evening, early and I was invited to dine with friends. I was looking forward to my first trip here. Really lousy service.  I ordered the veggie quesadilla after waiting ample time that the food should have been on it's way out, instead, the waitress comes back to confess that it would be 10 more minutes if I was to wait on the tortillas that they were out of.  So instead of holding up dinner any longer, I opted for the soup choice mushroom.  and waiting, waiting still - now I'm told just a few more minutes and we will have your quesadilla out.  So obviously they would rather serve beer & sandwiches so take the vegetarian options OFF YOUR MENU instead of making the entire table wait for your short comings OR at least make a gesture of kindness from management. But the server was not so bright either, she brought a pitcher of water with no ice to the outdoor patio after we waited forever for refills. When I finally got the food it was a slick slimy grease disaster and the guac and salsa were very nice.  I'd just never go back and waste anyone's money here.  As a career waitress it breaks my heart to see that most restaurants just don't get who is paying their bills - their valuable customers. So sorry I was not so valuable to this establishment last night that management could not come and control the damage themselves.
5	BLT was awesome, side salad is mixed greens w/ balsamic vinaigrette. We shared the cash money, cashew butter, cabernet red pepper jelly and banana on sourdough, so so good.
4	I went to The Main Ingredient last night and had a few pints and sandwich.  Super nice people, and that includes those sitting with me at the bar.  I had a "Great" time, met some new friends, had some good IPA and even better sandwich.  This could be my new "Local".  I really liked the vibe and I'd highly recommend it.
5	This place is right up my alley and a place I like to recommend to friends. If you like simple food, a cool/darker atmosphere and hip hop music...this is the place for you! The restaurant is actually an old house which is cool. Personally, I love it :)
4	My boyfriend and I dropped in for a Friday afternoon lunch. The decor was awesome! It looks like this was an old house converted into a restaurant. I love that they kept the structure of the house because it gives off a comfortable feeling. I wonder what the ambiance is like at night!The service was great! We arrived at about 12:45 pm and were able to be seated right away (conveniently though because it was crowded). The servers were very attentive and kind. The food came out fast. We ordered the TMI Toast for an appetizer, which was excellent but I wish it would have had a bit more jalapenos in it. I ordered the Baby Bleu salad and it was grand! The candied pecans were a wonderful compliment to the gorgonzola cheese. The dressing was nothing I have ever tasted before. It had almost an herb/flower taste to it. Needless to say, I ate the entire salad and it was definitely worth every bite. My boyfriend ordered The Sheridan and oh my it was beyond excellent! I couldn't help myself from stealing several bites. The turkey was so thick and succulent. It was a hearty sandwich, which is good because my boyfriend can eat a lot! Trust us... The Sheridan is a home-run if you are looking for a good flavorful sandwich!Small downfall (not at the fault of the restaurant): the parking. There is a small lot in front but is almost always packed. Street parking is your next option, which can be a pain sometimes but it's worth it for this place!All in all, a great restaurant. We will definitely be back when the weather cools down so we can enjoy some beers on the patio!
3	Fabulous food, lousy music.  If you have to sit out front in front of the speakers, go to The Tuck Shop instead.  We asked and they said they were unable to turn it down.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the food, but the music keeps me from going back.
5	great, great great! I stopped in to meet a buddy for a few beers and found a super awesome spot! WE just had a few beers, they had a happy hour so they had 6 or 7 beers for $2.50! The food looked great as well, but i'll order next time. The ambiance was dope, classic hip hop playing. Just a real chill vibe. Service was spot on and I'm pumped to go back soon!
5	I love TMI, one of my favorite restaurants and hangout spots in town. The best time to go is on Sunday and Monday for Happy Hour for half off beer (which can be dangerous). I love sitting outside in the patio and listening to old school hip hop. Great date place, group place and dog friendly. They have a rotating taps, which usually has at least one awesome and rare IPA such as Green Flash West Coast or Coronado Islander. The food is great too. I love their salads like the Baby Bleu and the Winner. The grilled cheese, Artichoke Heaven and Jive Turkey are all phenomenal too. I would stay away from the olives though, as it is probably the only thing I've sent back to a kitchen ever.
5	This place rocks ! They have some amazing happy hour prices which can't be beat together with some excellent food and great selection of beers on tap. It is my go to place for lunch. Their Tuna sandwich is simply amazing. And ask for their Moose Drool mustard. Its simply to die for ! Their service is great too ! The night I visited first was when this place was reviewed on Check, please on PBS. We even met the reviewers who were there to dine and watch teh review on TV. Great experience !
5	Great food at great prices!  Happy hour beer specials were just a bonus!
5	LOVE TMI! Not only can I walk here but the service is always predictable. The wait staff is fun and nice. My favorite is the Sheridan and BLT.
2	Been to TMI dozens of times and I would have to say the last 3 times have been A disappointment the Summer beer selections are non existent last year they had a great selection . Who really wants to drink a heavy stout or white chocolate ale in july in Phoenix not this guy It appears like the owners are not their as much as they use to be. to the wait staff its not professional when u hear the staff complaining about the schedule or how the owners are out if townAnd how the staff is waiting on a text from the owners The place needs the pizzazz it once had back ...
4	This place is awesome!! Great food, great service and overall great ambiance. The menu is great and has something for almost anyone and the beer selection is huge!! I love places with big bold beer lists!! The only reason I didn't give five stars is because it gets sooooo loud inside when the place is full. Music is loud, people are loud and the acoustics are not designed to allow for casual conversations. But like I said, overall, this place rocks!!
3	The atmosphere was cool.De La Soul rap mellow music playing over Bose indoor system. I enjoyed the small house transformed into a restaurant reminded me of my house I grew up in. Staff was friendly and attentive and good selection of beers. I picked a Liquid Amber and thoroughly enjoyed it. I expected more of a menu but I realized this place is more for hanging out then sit down dinner. We started with the artichoke dip and it was hot, fresh and delicious. We ordered two jive turkeys and they were very hot and tasty. Good location and good place to chillax. Next time I go ill drink more beer from their selection.
4	I've been here a few times for beers, and finally got to try the food. I'm mad at myself for not trying it earlier, because it's really good. My husband and I came here for Sunday lunch. We both decided on sandwiches, the veggie for me, and the BLTA for my husband. I was planning on ordering an iced tea, but was then informed by our server that draft beers were $2.50. Since the beer was the same price as an iced tea, I decided to go for the beer which was Sonoran White Chocolate Ale (one of my faves).Our sandwiches were served quickly. They both came on flavorful herbed focaccia. Mine had a delicious mix of grilled vegetables including: mushrooms, squash, and roasted red pepper with a flavorful goat cheese spread. My husband's was pork belly bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and a delicious chipotle sauce. Both sandwiches were extremely tasty and our lunch experience was very good. We will be sure to come back to try more of the menu.
5	Fun brews on tap. Brilliant patio when it's nice out. Great sandwiches but the red goat salad (seasonal) is the best thing on the menu. Fun urban vibe in a historic house makes for a great atmosphere! VERY Phoenician.
4	Been here a few times, and was never disappointed, and then I always wonder why I'm not here more often. It's a great place, but not that memorable, at least not to me. They do a great job at what they do, and their food has always been fantastic. The place has an eclectic crowd, and service can be spotty at times, especially when they're packed. All in all, it's one of the better dining options in the area, and that's something to be thankful for.
4	The Main Ingredient is one of my favorite places to hang out in dt Phoenix. This converted house immediately makes you feel at home. Not only is the staff extremely welcoming and friendly, but the atmosphere screams downtown. The beers are cheap and the food is GREAT. We had the artichoke dip which was bomb, and an IPA. I WILL be back to try their sandwiches which also have a reputation for being some of the best. There's also an outdoor patio which is dog friendly!Overall, if you're in the area, definitely hit up The Main Ingredient. You will NOT be disappointed.
4	I've been to Phoenix twice, both times just passing through, and it's been a nightmare trying to find a place open in the evening for dinner (last time, we gave up after finding a couple places that were well-reviewed closed and just ate some random things we bought at our hotel's little shop). Places seem to close so early around here! It's crazy! We pulled into one place and Yelped a couple other places before finding The Main Ingredient. It's a little shady looking on the outside, to be honest. It's totally dark except for some candles you can see through the window, so we couldn't even tell if it was open. However, once we walked in, we were greeted by very friendly wait staff and were told we could pick any seat. The menu is great-- basically everything is $10 or cheaper. There's a wide variety of sandwiches, as well as some specialties like tacos and quesadillas. We tried the veggie quesadilla with onions and peppers, which came with generous portions of salsa, guacamole and sour cream on the side. We also got the cheesesteak, which was was definitely not a traditional one, but had a great mix of flavors. We also tried a pork taco, which was super flavorful and delicious. It was more food than the two of us could handle, but worth it. They play a great mix of music-- nothing I recognized, but some fun rap. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd definitely come back.
4	What a sweet little find! Stopped off to check out something new. The menu was really impressive and I shared the Pro Pasto. It was really good, but i wish the platter had more cheese. I also wish I wasn't Prego that night so; I could indulge with a glass of wine with the appetizer. The beer, wine and cocktail list looks amazing. My husband had a rum drink that he absolutely loved.
5	Holy, moly, awesome!! First time in this place and loved it. Really cool ambience and vibe. Mondays they have ALL DAY happy hour, which for me is a mega-bonus. My friend and I each got a beer and then proceeded to argue about what to order as everything sounded incredible. I got the cheesesteak and my friend got the north beach. Originally we weren't going to split and then once the food came and we realized how good both of our sandwiches were we split them half and half. Both of them were incredibly flavorful and delicious. Contemplating the warm chocolate brownie right now... Hmmmmm, I'll let you know.
4	Great place to grab hard to find brews.  The food is fantastic and your typical beer food (not healthy).  The Main Ingredient is located in a converted house and is right next door to Humble Pie.  Service was great, especially since it was extremely busy.  I have only one complaint and that is the lack of beers on tap.  Please expand the selection of beers on tap.  I will be back very soon!
4	Great music, awesome service, delicious brews and amazing food. What more can you ask for?  Well, I'll tell ya, it was the quesadilla that stole the show. They let my friend deconstruct and then reconstruct using pulled pork and it was, easily, the best quesadilla I've ever had. The server AND the bartender were top notch, and uber-hospitable considering they were poised to close down in 30 minutes. They didn't rush us AT ALL!While my hubby waxed poetic with the server about old school and underground rap, the bartender brought over THE TASTIEST beer I've ever draped my esophagus around. Remember these words friends...SONORAN WHITE CHOCOLATE ALE. Watch out Guinness...I may have found my new chocobrew fix.
4	This has been our favorite kick back, late night dining spot on a Saturday night for the last month and half. Although we have yet to have the same waiter twice, the food and service have been 100% consistent. We love the old school hip-hop songs that play as we catch the latest sports news on the flat screen.My veggie sandwich has tasty roasted seasonal veggies, a bunch of onions & roasted garlic goat cheese on focaccia bread. And it has yet to disappoint. It also pairs nicely with their sweet reisling.
2	My wife and I were very excited to try this place since it was so highly rated on yelp, but boy were we disappointed. Here's a quick run down of our disappointments:1. We ate inside and it was stifling hot. This was a hot, muggy August night and it was more uncomfortable inside than out. Everyone was sweating just sitting there eating their dinner.2. The food was boring, bland, and underwhelming. The jalepeno cream cheese appetizer was basically the same as a tub that you can get at walmart. The sandwiches were soggy, had way too much bread and way too little meat, and were really bland.3. The atmosphere inside was bad. The music was ridiculously loud, which made everyone talk louder, which made the place just unbearably noisy.4. Finally, when cars pull into several of the parking spots, their lights shine directly into  the main dining area and flood the very dark eating area in a bright light. 5. We aren't really holding this last one against them, but thought it worth mentioning in case it helps establish a pattern of bad service: they made a mistake and brought us someone else's order that was just similar enough to ours that we didn't notice until our first bites. I think this was just a random mix-up though and it wasn't a big deal.In short, TMI just didn't live up to the hype.
5	Artichoke dip is best I ever tasted. The Cobb salad was as tasty as it was pretty. We will be back!
4	I love TMI, they have a great dog friendly patio and awesome servers. Everyone here has always been so friendly, chatty and welcoming that I feel comfortable going alone. I love the huge selection of beers and wines and the happy hour is CHEAP! The mac n cheese is delicious as is the BLT. Sit on the patio when the weather is nice, sip on a seasonal beer and listen to the great music pumping from the speakers. Sounds fantastic, I can't wait for October!
5	The BEST sandwich in Phoenix, hands down!  I  am extremely picky about my sandwiches.  I would argue that this place is NOT for kids...I have brought my kids here 4 times and they do just fine. This is a cute old house turned into a restaurant; very pacific northwest!  The sandwiches are AWESOME.  The first time I came here, I immediately found excuses to come back; it is like a sick addiction that you can't escape, no matter how hard you try.  I am trying to eat all their sandwiches by the end of the year!  The happy hour is great and they have beers from all over on tap.  Don't miss out on this place, it is EPIC!
5	Great small intimate place for any kind of setting. This was my first visit and it was with a bunch of my girlfriends! We sat on the spacious patio.  We each had one or two glasses of wine. And about half the table ordered food. Everybody feel in love. I love this place. Delicious menu! And very accommodating staff. I will come back!
4	Really enjoyable, chill spot, especially on a lazy Sunday afternoon for an early dinner. Chips & salsa, tacos and beer float were all good. Prices are agreeable, staff seems pretty cool, and good options for indoor or outdoor seating. Plus it's dog friendly! I'll be returning at some point.
5	My weekly place to hangout, if I don't answer my phone I'm probably here.
4	One of the best kept cheap beer places.  During happy hour, decent suds are 2.50 a pint.  Delicious and economical!  The patio is a great hang out spot.  The interior is hard if you are group. Mostly two tops.  Food is pretty solid, nothing crazy on the menu but definitely substantial enough to serve as dinner should you decide to stick to adult beverages.  Definitely one of my favorite places.
4	Solid lunch spot! Met up with some fellow yelpers for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  There were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try that I had a hard time narrowing it down to the grilled cheese sandwich.  But it was delicious, topped with avocado... yum!  This is a small place so get there a little early for lunch, it was packed by noon.   Once the weather cools down there is a lot more space on the patio so that should help.  I'll definitely be back, thanks Amy H and Jon H for telling me about it!
5	I loved this place!!!  We were exhausted from a day of hiking and wanted a relaxed patio to have dinner and a local tap.  We started with chips and salsa.  Homemade chips were perfect and the fresh salsa was amazing.  I had the Jilt sandwich and my sister had the pork tacos, we both would have licked our plates had we not been in public.   Excellent tap selection.  This would be a favorite place of mine if I lived here!!!
4	"For those that love good food and real hip-hop"Yep.. ended up at this place by accident.. but then again if you use yelp is anything REALLY by accident? Well anywho, the good: The artichoke heaven and homemade chips was everything everyone said it was DELISH! I was there by myself and had to cut myself off and tell them no more! I ordered the mac n cheese and the jive turkey with the field green salad. Whoever said get the salad - well done! It was fabulous and the dressing was perfect. Now.. my eyes were clearly bigger than my stomach and I took a nibble of everything and it was delightful. Bonus was the real hip-hop piping in the background. I don't know if that was someone's playlist or what, but I want it! A few things to note: When you walk in - it's a bit overwhelming to be a renovated house turned restaurant. You don't know should you sit, stand, where is the bathroom, repeat. However, I was "intercepted" by super friendly folks who pointed me around and put some menus down to hold a seat for me! There was only one bartender when I was there and while he was working he was slammed. So be patient if it takes a few minutes to get your drink. Lastly, parking is nightmarish. You will come out better just parking in the residential area.. as long as you don't block a driveway you should be okay.
3	Along with a lemonade, started with the "Artichoke Heaven" which was a very cheesy artichoke dip with green peppers. I wanted it sans peppers but I suppose it's pre-made. It came with pita chips (not tortilla chips as on the menu). For main, I had the Acapulco Cheesesteak without red peppers and I was a little worried about the chipotle mayo (I can't handle most spicy foods) but it wasn't too bad with the cheese and steak. The sandwich had plenty of meat and while it looked small, was very filling. Didn't much care for the potato chips as they were a bit over salted but were a good pairing with the sandwich.While the food was great, I was decidedly unimpressed with the service. The waitress was very nice but ignored us for the most part, even when we tried to get her attention. The restaurant it very small (set up in an old downtown house) but they had the servers handling both outside and inside patrons instead of dividing the space between them like most restaurants do. Definitely not a place to go if you're on a schedule!
3	The sandwiches do their job, but that's really all I can say for these nuggets.The tuna sandwich took me from hungry to full, but it was a little too salty and didn't have any special attributes. I always appreciate a unique and well thought out tuna sandwich (there are so many creative routes one can take when dealing with the art of tuna salad) but this one, I could've made at home.The spicy banana and cashew butter sandwich didn't work well, because there was almost no cashew butter (which was amazing...the little that I did taste, at least.) The bread wasn't toasty, so the whole sandwich was uniformly mushy, but it was satiating, nonetheless.Maybe I'd come back, but not until I've tried all the places next door that could also theoretically take me from hungry to full.
5	Always good, friendly service. Good micro brew selection and delicious food. Had the green chili pork stew; awesome! Very spicy, but so full of flavor. Must be using Hatch chilis. On top of that, Saturday afternoon and draughts were $2.50! Love this place.
5	If you like hip hop and beer, this is your paradise.  TMI is my go-to spot. Great ambiance. Indoor and outdoor seating. The salads and sandwiches are good. Always has some good beer on tap with that sweet happy hour price of $2.50, as well as a large selection of bottled beer. And for the dozens of times I've been there, the service has always been good.In case you didn't catch it, the place is named after a Pete Rock album (as evidenced by his portrait by the bar).  This place endlessly bumps chilled out, underground hip hop from the 90s and 00s -- Tribe, De La, Blackalicious, People Under the Stairs, Doom, Madlib, Black Sheep, Hieroglyphics, Roots, Souls of Mischief, Binary Star, Blackstar, and on and on.  For me, its a beautiful thing. I love this place. That said, I have a few suggestions (with all due respect).  The appetizers leave a bit to be desired. Since most people are coming just for beers, it would be nice to see this section expanded with more munchies at a variety of price points.  Also, the porch on hot summer afternoons is unbearable.  I recommend putting up a vined terrace on the west fence to block the afternoon sun and make 7th St disappear.  Or maybe add some more umbrellas or vines on lines over the top of the whole seating area. Anything would help really. I would also add a couple long tables back by the old drive-through window to accommodate large parties. Usually, if you try to get there with your office mates after 5 on a Friday, there is no where to sit.  Overall: great spot, great service, great beer, great music, good food. Hit it up.
4	The food was good, the beer inexpensive during happy hour, and the waitress was attentive.  Sitting on the patio on an October evening watching the sunset was wonderful.   The only thing that would have been better was if the music could be turned down.  The waitress had a difficult time with our orders because of the loudness of the music.  We politely asked if it could be turned down a bit, but she said it is a preset volume that the owners have chosen.  As it was difficult to converse with my friends, I am not return again.  A real shame!
4	I've been wanting to try this place for months, but forgot about it. Fortunately, I was watching Check Please and The Main Ingredient was featured. Delicious artichoke dip. I am not sure what cheese they use, but it works. My hubby & I almost went to battle over who would get the last of it.Veggie quesadilla was pretty good. I would like more variety of veggies added to it.Mac & cheese was different. I'm used to the creamy type and this ain't it. It's more like a macaroni loaf. Music was phenomenal. Digiable Planets, Al Green and De La Soul. We'll return for the artichoke dip and the music for sure.
4	I have heard a lot of great things about this spot that was previously a home and now is a restaurant located downtown Phoenix so after a long day at work I met up with a few friends to check out what the hype was all about. This is definitely a trendy place with a lot of character. It can be a great date spot or a great place to meet up for a drink and apps. I love that they have a good amount of tables both inside and outside of the restaurant. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the fresh air and twinkling lights hung amongst the trees. The inside of the restaurant has an intimate vibe to it with low lighting and gives off that warm and cozy feel. I took the advice of my friends and started with their recommendation to start with Artichoke Heaven and I  with continue to thank them for that! It was HEAVEN! I think that the green chiles that are added to this dip really take it to a whole new level. I love goat cheese so I tried their goat cheese salad called "The Red Goat" and was very pleased. They give you a good portion of goat cheese and the strawberries were fresh. Their salads are large and can easily be spit or shared with the table. They offer a wide variety of Hot Sandwiches to choose from. The sandwich I chose was The Sheridan and I was very happy with my choice. Dessert is always on my mind but unfortunately I had no room left for the Triple Chocolate Brownie or the Beer Float, which were both highly recommended by our server. Overall, the staff was friendly but the wait time to order our food and drinks was quite long and our waitress wasn't as attentive as I would've liked her to be.  The food was great and the atmosphere was perfect!
4	I like this place.First, you should know that the patio is dog friendly, which is huge for me as I have Great Danes :)I have been here a couple of times and I really enjoy the atmosphere.  They usually have a decent selection of beers on tap and the menu is delightful.  The last time I came here I had the TMI toast which was really good.  It had just enough spice and was much more filling than I had anticipated.  I also got the cheesesteak sandwich and that was very tasty as well.  I believe my girlfriend got the Coney hotdog sandwich?  I tried it and it was great.  We have sampled a few other things here as well and all have been good overall.The service was great and the girl that helped us was very attentive.  This is definitely a cool place to hang out, especially if you have pets.  I am pretty sure they do some great happy hour deals too.  If you are in the area, check them out.  You won't regret it.
4	Whenever I'm on 7th I try and stop in here... Aside from an awkwardly hinged restroom door facing the dining area (the facilities however are sparkling clean), you won't be disappointed. So far I have had 4 of their samiches, and dig them all! Fresh ingredients, hip music, neighborhood style building, local beverage, small menu, fantastic!
4	I LOVE this place. Awesome happy hour and the food ain't bad either. But PLEASE get propane heaters, the fire pits just are not cutting it!
5	Great Food.Great Music,All Day Happy Hour on Mondays. What more could you want?!
3	I live in the neighborhood  and great food and candlelight tables are nice to have but why does the music have to be so so so loud? I asked several of the help to turn the music down but it cannot be done. Really?  It's not a club it's a restaurant and music is good but if you have to scream while you have dinner and talk it kills the purpose for going there!!
3	Bottom line: this place isn't good for lunchtime during the week, if you're trying to make it back to work within an hour or around an hour. If you don't care about eating within an hour, then please ignore this review.With that out of the way: the food was terrific but the service was terrible. My boyfriend and I went out for lunch during the workweek (he had off but I had to get back within an hour or so). I had wanted to go to The Main Ingredient forEVER, but whenever I drove by after work, it was always packed, so I was excited to go for lunch instead. Well... no longer am I so excited to go back.The big 'con' for me was the service: no one greeted us when we walked in, when we were able to flag down a server, she told us we 'weren't in her section' so she wouldn't serve us. We got a busboy to bring us water and a menu, but he said he couldn't help us with anything on the menu because he wasn't a server. Okay... 15 minutes later, our server showed up, and we just ordered without asking any questions because we were starving and on a schedule.Long story short: we never were checked on, we had to beg the female server to refill our waters because, again, we 'weren't in her section', and then we contemplated walking out because our server, 45 minutes later, still hadn't brought us our check.Obviously, we didn't walk out because we're not monsters, and we left a tip because again, not monsters, but that experience left a terrible taste in our mouths.
5	I truly can't say enough about this place!  Their Green Chile Pork Stew is TO DIE FOR.  Service is always amazing and great beer selection.  Underground rap/hip hop and it's not too loud.  LOVE it there!
4	Surprisingly delicious!! I went on a Saturday afternoon and I'm surprised it wasn't busier as the weather was perfect to sit outside. I never saw the inside, but I loved their patio. We were greeted immediately and told we could sit anywhere. The bus boy brought out water very quickly and our waitress took our drink order within a few minutes. The beer was delicious and the food was great. I had the BLT, and it's definitely one of my favorites! We also split the appetizer with meats/cheeses and olives and it was fantastic. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meals and beers. We will definitely be back!!
5	Main Ingredient, you're hip, you're trendy, and if you were a celebrity, I'd have a crush on you.    Considering this restaurant is a renovated house in Phoenix, I already give it cool factor points. It's cozy and inviting, with the open floor plan and arched entry ways of a cool ranch house. The bar is open on the left hand side and the seating goes throughout two rooms. The patio area is spacious and offers most of the seating here, but it is worth it. There are fire pits, pretty lights and lots of gorgeous open Arizona air.        We sat near the door so I could people watch and were promptly greeted by our waitress. She brought us water quickly and gave us time going through the menu. We ordered the Artichoke Heaven Appetizer, along with our beers--where I first met my Four Peaks Peach beer that I'm in love with. Since I have been recovering from the flu (thanks Midwest!) I decided  to try the much loved Griddled Cheese and butternut squash soup for my side.      The Aritchoke Heaven--aka Aritchoke Dip--was tasty, it was chunkier and came with house made tortilla chips. They were crunchy, a little salty, but very well made. My Griddled Cheese was grilled cheese mastery. Layered with Havarti, Muenstar and Chedder cheese along with tomato slices made this sourdough sammy one tasty treat. My soup was flavorful and wasn't too thick--it was a nice side for my sandwich, although I wish I had had Tomato Basil soup to go with it!          This place is the bombdotcom
2	I love the outdoor patio for meeting up with friends for a beer.  Monday nights are my favorite because of the all day happy hour.  The service here is terrible, the really need a new system but the cheap beer and patio make it worth the wait.  The staff takes forever to greet you and check up on you and I have had a few experiences where they forget about my table.  The beer selection and the location make up for this.  When I had food here it was just average, except for the Artichoke dip.  That is absolutely heavenly.
4	Good smaller plates but the atmosphere is wonderful. Good for late night semi-light meals.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a while but when we first walked up and saw all the hipsters hanging out front and the club-ish hip hop and techno music playing loudly on the inside, I was not sure if it was really for us. The first impression was definitely that they thought they were too cool for school. But after we were seated it turns out our waitress was really warm and friendly (of course I forgot her name already). I love the fact that they have such a diverse bar with lots of good wine and beer on tap. I ordered a pint of the Odelay from Four Peaks which is a winter seasonal that I didn't even know they had. I thought it was interesting that my "Untapped" app had it listed as a Brown Ale even though TMI menu referred to it as a porter but after I tasted it, I agreed it was more of a porter so I guess the barkeep here knows what (s)he's doing.What makes me a "fan" of this place really is the food. Maybe we just got lucky and ordered the right stuff but both hubby and I loved our meals. He got the Acapulco Philly which is basically a Philly cheesteak sandwich but with Mexican cheese and a bit of heat. He wanted soup on the side but not their soup of the day so he got a cup of the green chili to go with it (small upcharge). That chili was amazing! Usually I don't like chili verde when they use those New Mexican hatch chiles and spices. This was a different recipe altogether... I'm not sure what kind of chile was in it but most of the green came from tomatillos which I love. It was so good! If you like salsa verde you have to try this chili. For my meal I ordered the conchinita pibil tacos. The plate came with two taquitos but they were stuffed so full that it was really filling. Also a small cup of black beans which were pretty tasty too. The pork in the tacos was so tender and juicy with just the right amount of sauce. We were both laughing that this brew pub had better Mexican food then most of the so-called Mexican restaurants that we usually go to.It is pretty rare that we find a place that we both loved our food. And there was plenty more on the menu that sounded good so I am sure we'll be back. I still don't get why the music was so loud because other than that it seemed like a nice, chill place with candles scattered around and cozy intimate tables and comfortable seating. Next time I'll enjoy my cold brew out on the patio maybe.
2	The food here is good but there is 1 server here with a bad attitude who ruins the whole experience. A short little skinny woman with black hair and the requisite tattoos for this part of town. It's such a shame because this place has good food. But I won't come back because of little Miss Frowny Face. Hint: If you don't make your guests feel welcome they won't come back. The place used to be jamming but it's now empty at lunch time, probably because the menu hasn't changed since 2010, the whole mac-n-cheese, PBJ latch key kid cuisine thing is over. The seating is also awkward and uncomfortable in the house.
5	I've not eaten here much, but i love going here to sit on the patio for a beer during happy hour.  The staff is really personable and nice to talk to, so it is really comfortable to ask opinions.  I haven't gotten anything I don't like.  It is wonderful to people and dog watch outside and the sun sets just across the street.Coffee sucks.  But wouldn't really expect great coffee from an ale house/cafe.  So not judging on that.
4	Great food, great music, great vibe.  This is one of the few old house-converted-to-restarant/patio/lounge places that works.  It's very intimate, yet homey, at night and perfect for both dates and larger groups just wanting to hang out. They have cozy fire pits outside.  I'm not a big sandwich person, but the ones here are pretty good.  I love the toasted bread, although it was a little dense. I also found the salad to be boring and overdressed.   The food will not break your bank. Service was quick and friendly. This is a spot to keep on your list. And it's next to Miss Anita's Pie Shop!
4	What a nice surprise when my good buddy, G, suggested we have lunch at TMI today!  This is another on my short list of places I just haven't been able to get to for some reason.  We met up at 1 and grabbed a table outside.  It was an absolutely gorgeous day and G was raving about the mac-and-cheese.  We both ordered that and it was really yummy.  Prepared like a casserole, it was full of onion and green chili, with a nice crust.  I'm pretty sure it's the best  I've had!  We were also there during HH and had some delicious beverages; my selection was the East Coast (?) and it was good enough that I had 2.So TMI, here are some suggestions for getting the coveted 5th star:  try a different side accompaniment.for the mac-and-cheese.  The toast is weirdly out of place; perhaps a couple of oven-dried tomatoes would be good beside that dish and the toast can be crumbled on the top.  Additionally, the drinks I had were pricey, even at 1/2 off.  You're in a competitive neighborhood and shaving some of that cost off will get repeat business.So thanks for a great meal and keep rockin' the mac!
4	Very cool spot in the Phoenix area.  I love the old house charm and the funky hip-hop music they play.  I only go here for drinks, so I have no idea what the food is like, but if you're looking for a unique spot to sip some vino, I recommend stopping here and enjoying the patio.
3	This place is super cool. It almost looks like a house that was renovated into a restaurant. It has a nice little urban feel to it. There are album covers of famous hiphop artist displayed on the wall. The furniture set up is a little weird, the tables are kinda sprawled out in random areas but there's a patio with a huge seating area (and that's where the majority of people sat as well). As for the food, I ordered the Mac and cheese as well as the veggie quesadilla. The Mac and cheese didn't remind me of Mac and cheese at all. It was more of a cheddar/artichoke casserole. The quesadilla was ok. The contents inside (peppers and onions) weren't cooked but the guac was good and so was their salsa. Idk if I'll be back but it was a cool place to try..
4	A very nice place low key, music is not loud, nice patio in a neighborhood prefect place to take a first date or just sit out on a nice day and enjoy a drink and dinner
4	I always have a solid experience here. The food is really good.
4	We really enjoyed the house roasted turkey sandwich with salami. The Mac n cheese was great with green chiles for a twist in the traditional. We agree  artichoke heaven was heaven. Nice crafts beer on tap. Good happy hour of $2.50 taps. They play 90s hip hop, a fun vibe! Def good for smaller groups.
5	We had a great experience! Such down to earth people who care about good food and service. I had the Acapulco Cheesesteak with a cup of creamy asparagus soup! Thank you Kristen for the great service!!!
5	We had a wonderful time. We were sitting outside getting cold, and our server, Kristen found us a nice table inside. She was a great server, and the food was yummy. Thanks!
4	Big fan. I love how casual this place is, and I love the outdoor patio: perfectly shaded with spacious, comfortable seating. Good amount of parking, and no valet so you save a few bucks (yay!).Happy hour is great - 1/2 off cocktails, $2.50 pints, and $4 house wine. The West Coast cocktail is delicious and has a lot going on. It makes me feel like I should be lying on a beach wearing sunglasses while I sip it.Chips and salsa - really good. Salsa is nice and fresh, chips are nicely salted. Grilled cheese sandwich is delish. Love the blend of cheese they use, and so glad they use fresh, ripe tomatoes. Got a salad on the side, which was dressed a little heavily but still tasted good. I watched people eating sandwiches at other tables and each one looked amazing.I will definitely be back!
4	Delicious food and great atmosphere. The waitstaff is so-so which is why we're only giving it a four star review.
4	Its been awhile since I was truly amazed at a Phoenix cafe. The Main Ingredient delivered a great atmosphere and excellent food. The cheesesteak was awesome, correction, everything  had great flavor; from the appetizer to the meal. Although I am not a fan of the music they play, it was a good mix and wasn't overwhelming. The service could have been a little better and is the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. You must try this place, you will not be disappointed.
5	Went to brunch here last weekend with a big group last weekend after Wy-Knot turned us away (they only have one table for a big group and it had been reserved). We all loved it! The service was excellent, the prices were excellent, and the food was excellent. I tried the chips, olives, and nuts as starters -- all highly recommended. For my main, I ordered the cashew butter and red pepper/cabernet jelly sandwich. It was AMAZING, seriously. Plus, it's vegan friendly!!
4	This restaurant / brew pub with it's use of fresh ingredients and creative combinations, will keep you coming back.Having been here several times, my favorite is the Calvado sandwich.  It is a wonderful combination of sopressata, provolone, artichokes & roasted red peppers on focaccia, served with a fresh salad of assorted greens.Set-up in a converted house (which just adds to the ambiance) means that there is limited seating indoors, so get there early! There is a small patio with tables out front if the weather allows.The place shares a parking lot with several other restaurants, which means that parking can sometimes be a challenge.
4	Great beer and wine selection. I love the vibe of this place and the outside patio is cozy. Good music. Good atmosphere. I've yet to try the food though. I'll update this once I have!
4	I saw a lot of other reviews comment on how busy this place is on weekdays. Well, apparently the time to go is Saturday a little after 11am! Plenty of parking, immediate service, and the whole place smelled like bacon. Yum.We sat outside on the lovely shaded patio. For an appetizer, the tortilla chips and salsa are awesome--better than a lot of Mexican restaurants around. The salsa has a nice zip to it; I can't take really spicy stuff and I loved it, and my husband who craves nuclear-level spicy loved the salsa, too. My 9-year-old son, who is autistic and not one much for commentary, declared, "These chips are really good."I had The Winner Salad. Yum! Great size for a salad, not too big and not too small. The turkey pieces are actual thin cut turkey breast and the salami is awesome. Some places skimp on the cheese, but they served up lots of soft cubes of fresh mozzarella. The vinaigrette was lovely and fresh. If anything, the bread served on the side seemed very bland in contrast,My husband had the macaroni and cheese. They serve it up like a big brick of cheesy awesomeness. My husband LOVED it. The green chilies gave it a fabulous kick. My husband also enjoyed the happy hour prices for pints of beer.Really satisfying experience there, and a place we know we can visit again as a family!
5	GREAT service, even BETTER food! LOVE the atmosphere.
5	We were hungry after leaving a concert at 11pm, and we happened to find this little gem on our way home for a late night bite.  Main Ingredient looks like a converted house, so it's very small on the inside, but there is a large patio out front with fairy lights and tons of ambiance to accommodate larger groups.  They only have about 10 craft beers on tap, but all of them were from different brewers and there was a wide range of styles.  I ordered an Odell Amber that was amazing and my hubby got a Ballast Point IPA.  We ordered the Cochinita tacos which comes with two tacos and a cup of beans, and the cheesesteak with salad.  The meat in the tacos was super juicy and had just the right touch of spice.  They didn't skimp on the amount of meat in the tacos either.  The cheesesteak was chock full o' peppers and meat and my hubby would not stop raving about it.  The entire menu looked drool-worthy so we are planning to go back for lunch to try something else.
2	Sorry, but the Cobb Salad was not nearly a good as I expected it go be.  We went with a group of 7others for an early lunch,and despite reservations, others were seated at our table and had to be moved while they were eating.  The music was terrible  and way too loud for any conversation.   My salad was accompanied by what appeared to be the bottom of a hamburger bun despite other's sandwiches being on craft bread.  Certainly not worth the wait or the money.
5	Stop searching Yelp for a cool place to eat and go check it out! Food and drinks are excellent, so take your loved on out for something new.
5	First  time here and service and food was fantastic!! The environment and vibe was really cool. Highly recommend this place!
5	friendly staff, great food. good spot to have lunch, samwiches are amazing.
5	The food here is excellent! My friends and I started with the olives. They had more of a buttery flavor than a salty flavor. Also, they have really tasty cocktails! I'm not sure which ones my friends got but they were all really good so I don't think you can go wrong here. I went with the green chile stew that came with two corn tortillas. It was really flavorful. It reminded me of something my parents would make at home. If you're sensitive to spicy foods then this might not be the dish for you. My waitress warned me when I ordered but I really like spicy foods so the green chile stew had the perfect amount of heat!
5	A love for good food and hip hop? This is the place to be. Food/drinks/atmosphereI never was a fan of a BLT as I felt they weren't filling enough after trying the BLT here I completely regret never ordering them before the thickness and taste of the bacon mixed with fresh lettuce tomato and avocado with mildly spicy mayo deelish! They also add a nice green salad with a homemade balsamic dressing which the waitress was kind enough to pack me and extra one for home :-) I have had only a few drinks there don't remember the name but I know it was a lemonade which I drink a bit and one had me feeling great so the price wasn't that bad (around 8$) the atmosphere is best described with a business man head bobbing to wu tang clan. The bad Parking sometimes can be a headache but nothing u couldn't handle. And a few times it felt like they didn't have the ac on and had door open and fans on it was a hot 90+ degrees outside please just close door and let the fat people like me drink and not sweat lol. Great place great food great music and great staff.
1	The female bartender/server is extremely un personable, it's like it is an inconvenience for her to serve her patrons. This has happened more than once with the same unsatisfactory results.. The food is great the drinks are awesome but the service is lackluster at best! That's why I seldom come here anymore! Imho.
4	This is a great little gastropub. The people were friendly and the overall vibe felt comfortable. The hip hop music was not my style but I kept an open mind. I actually caught myself moving to the beat a couple of times. The beer list was modern and ample. I had a pint of pale ale and my wife had a key limetini which was tasty. Food was solid and portions were ample but not super sized. I had a bb&c sammy. Great baguette and good meats and cheeses. The horseradish will wake you up. It's also nice to see a salad side available instead of potatoes. We will be back.
5	This place was delicious. I ordered the Acapulco cheesesteak with the salad. I loved it. However the balsamic dressing was a little strong on the salad. I also got to sample a friend's mac and cheese dish, which was also delicious. Another friend ordered the Jive Turkey and had no complaints. It was a little loud as there are a lot of tables in a small space, but as the night progressed it got quieter. We had reservations at 7, and good thing too because the place was packed! Very fun, very good food, and great service. Our server was very attentive and kind.
4	This review is more 3.5 than 4, but saying that, I actually really look forward to coming here again in the future. The restaurant is in an old house which means it has oodles of charm! A couple friends and I stopped in for a cocktail after lunch to check out the place and were pretty pleasantly surprised. The happy hour drink specials were impressive, $2.50 for all draft beer and $4 house wines. There wasn't an extensive draft list but they did have old Rasputin for $2.50 which is a downright steal. The house cabernet was better than we expected. I took the rating down a  bit because our waitress was not pleasant, she was walking around looking pissed off and put out to be helping us. With a little attitude adjustment this place would be better. I definitely plan to come back and try some of the food at another date.
5	Came here for lunch and had a great time! It was about 96 degrees outside, but sitting in the shade with the misters on, the patio still felt comfortable. I ordered the BLT with field greens as my side.  I liked that the salad wasn't drenched in dressing. The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was some kind of herb or something they put in there.Now for the best part, the sandwich! It had lots of thick-sliced bacon strips in it, avocado slices, tomato, lettuce, and just the right amount of chipotle mayo. I liked that they didn't slather the mayo on, so it wasn't oozing out the sides of the sandwich when I bit down.  Even though I was moderately full after eating half the sandwich, I devoured the whole thing.I'm looking forward to when I can come back again and try something else! My coworker ordered the sanwich with prosciutto and cheese that also looked delicious.
4	This was a fun little place. They have a great list of beers, which they have happy hour deals on. I sort of wish their menu had more variety. It seemed like everything had a mixture of all the same ingredients, and not much except for salads and sandwiches. That said, I had the Winner salad and did really enjoy it. The staff was very friendly.
5	I can't stay away from this place. Amazing service, tasty sandwiches and appetizers, oh and the happy hour rocks.
4	Good location. Good service. Delicious drinks with a great selection. Delectable food with a simple menu! Awesome music!!!  Low key crowd. Never been unsatisfied. Only 2 cons in my opinion, parking on the street if there is no where else to park and smelling like the restaurant( if you decide to sit inside) once you leave, but worth it for the awesome food? A must try!
5	I love when I try a restaurant and love it so much that I start planning my next visit before I leave!!!We got there around 9pm Monday night and they had an awesome happy hour going on!Already off to an awesome start!!!!We started with the meat and chz app.  I loved the variety on the plate!  All of the sandwich options sounded so stinkin good!!! So hard to decide!Finally, I decided on the roast beef and cheese and the hubby got the grilled chz option.  Both were to die for! Yum!I can't wait until the weather gets nicer so we can sit on the patio and bring one of our pups.  Even with the summer nights the patio was packed tho! I loved TMI!
5	It was late. We had 3 kids under the age of 5 in tow from an evening visit to the Botanical Garden. We stumbled across this gem just before their closing time.I was expecting attitude coming into an obviously hip spot like this (hip hop pumping, people on obvious dates) with 3 kids... found none of that! The people here were all really great & made is feel welcomed. Wine list / beer selection meet these tired parents' needs & the food was superb! The horseradish on my roast beef sandwich singed my nose hairs it was so hot. I haven't been able to find a horse radish that good & hot since my polish grandfather stopped making it in his garage years ago. I mentioned this to the server, who went back & got me some to-go, on the house. Grilled cheese & other sandwiches were equally great. I wish places like this would open in the NW valley... we need them!Skip Humble Pie next door & hit up this place, for sures.
5	Went based on our host's recommendation for dinner last week and so happy we listened!  Was very busy for a weekday, but service was very friendly.  We were lucky enough to make it there during happy hour, which meant cheap drinks! Tried the Salty Hog - a simple but refreshing Smirnoff and grapefruit juice drink with garnished with tender belly bacon and a salted rim (drooling just thinking about this flavor combination).  Started with the Artichoke Heaven, which is accurately named.  It's not as creamy as traditional artichoke dip, which can be good or bad depending on your preference.  There was great flavor and lots of artichokes.  My boyfriend got the "Cash Money" sandwich, again accurately named since I'm positive it really does bring in boat loads of cash money to TMI. This sandwich is a unique twist on PB&J using house-made cashew butter, red pepper-cabernet jelly and bananas.  I had the Acapulco cheesesteak - juicy roast beef with griddled red pepper and onion. Only wished there was a little more beef to balance meat to bread ratio.
5	I love love love this place!! What a little hidden gem in downtown Phoenix. Me and my girlfriend try to go at least once a week. It's such a hip, fun spot. The food is fantastic! I always get the Cash Money.  The dressing they use on their greens is to die for! Staff is very friendly as well. A great date spot- atmosphere is perfect...all candlelit once the sun goes down. And you gotta love the old school hip hop they blast! I recommend this spot to everyone I know!! They are closed for a week and a half for vacation and I am already itching for them  to open!
1	I really wanted to like this place. It's in a cute house and I'm sure usually it's great. But I got their garlic and tomato soup of the day and it tasted like water. No hint of garlic at all. I essentially paid $6 for a bowl of water.
5	What more can you ask for in a local ale house? The ambiance is great inside and out as well as the servers and bartenders are attentive and knowledgeable. You can have a drink at the bar then go eat outside with no problem. $5 pints, can't beat that. There food is reasonably priced as well and served in great portions. Not too filling but just enough.My favorite meal is the RB&C. It's a hot roast beef sandwich with havarti cheese ( I believe ) with a horseradish sauce on a nice crusty roll and toasted to perfection. I myself, always, ALWAYS, get extra horseradish sauce on the side to dunk my sandwich  and chips. The sandwich is by far one of my favorite foods in AZ.They even allow dogs on the patio which is great as I love to take my dog places with me.
4	A great place to chill out on the weekends.  Love walking over to sit on the patio of this Coronado house turned cafe with classic hip-hop soundtrack.  Try the green chile stew with tortillas; tuna salad; BLT. Nice happy hour prices.
4	My friends and I came here Friday night and I really enjoyed it! It's a cute little quaint place with an awesome beer selection and great sandwiches/salads.When we arrived we found out that it's only $2.50 beers for happy hour which is amazing. 5 rotating taps and a ton more in cans/bottles. I went for a mozzarella and prosciutto sandwich with pesto and greens. Really good. My friends got the hot dog and the tuna salad on top of salad, they really enjoyed those as well. Waitress was really on top of here game and i got out of there with beer and dinner for under 20 bucks on a Friday. Can't wait to come back for more!
5	Came here for a late lunch, around 2 o'clock. The place is cozy and spacious, service was friendly and quick - and the food was amazing! I had the soup of the day (butternut squash) and a Cochinita Pibil taco. I am Mexican, and let me tell you, the Cochinita and tortillas are the real deal! Their prices are more than reasonable, and the Happy Hour deals are awesome. Will be back, definitely!
5	Top favorite place to grab food. The beer the food is amazing. Love sitting outside. Dog friendly too. They ingredient and combinations of flavors are the best. Small menu, and for good reason, great place!!
4	I adore this place. I liked it so much I went back the next day while in the neighborhood. The Jive Turkey and the Veggie were yum. My friends tell me the, "Cash Cow" and Italian Ham were great too. Sorry the name of the latter escapes me. The house is darling. I loved the bathroom funny beer sign too. I have to say though they really need to turn down the music. I love loud music. If I am complaining it is way too loud.
4	Wow! I started with the chips and salsa while downing a local brew. The salsa was flavorful and had a good kick. They were playing good hip hop music tonight that had me groovin' and shazam-ing for new tunes. I had the BLT and it was absolutely delicious. This definitely wasn't a punk ass BLT sammich. Their bacon was so tasty and crisp, the avocado and lettuce were green and fresh, and I'd marry the sourdough bread if I could. I'll definitely be back to try some other items.
5	I love everything about this place! Their customer service, food and even the bongolo are GREAT! Nice place to have lunch and dinner! Love it!!!!!
4	I love this area of town where you take old homes a turn them into businesses. They had a great selection of beers so we try a couple different ones. Really awesome chili practically licked the bowl. The BLT pork belly was kick ass! The appetizer was good but a little disappointing because it was variety of cured meats at all it came with was two types salami. I specifically asked if prosciutto came with it and they said yes but none came with it. Even still it's really good! I liked our server he was kind and polite he didn't ask us if we wanted a dessert I didn't want one but just for the review sake he didn't ask. Also it took a long time to get the check. I'm definitely coming back here!
5	Finally found a chic, chill spot in PHX... servers are amazing and so is food and drink,  Go here! Artichoke Heaven - yum!White Sail Ale - yum!
5	Such a cute little place, excellent vibe and even better food!This restaurant is converted from a house which is pretty standard in central Phoenix so it gives you a neighborhood vibe. We ordered the artichoke dip, Philly cheesesteak and Mindy's mac n cheese all were amazing; high calorie comfort food. Definitely worth the splurge! They have a good selection of beers but we didn't indulge this trip. Prices are reasonable $7-13 range, inside seating available, outside is much quieter and would be good for a bigger group of 8 or so, it is a smaller venue.
4	Came to The Main Ingredient for lunch and beers on a weekday. When I walked in with my friend, there were several waitresses/bartenders walking around, but they just glanced and didn't really acknowledge us, so after standing awkwardly by the door for a minute, we just sat ourselves. It's not really clear what you're supposed to do...Anyway, the food was great! I got the Sheridan sandwich- turkey, salami, cheddar.. the "Prohibition Ale mustard" on it was awesome. Mustard is mustard, but this stuff was real good. This sandwich in one word is a MESS. I mean, things were sliding all over the place. But it was so so good. My fellow diner got the North Beach- prosciutto, pesto, greens, mozzarella... it was great as well. Who doesn't love prosciutto? Side salad that comes with the sandwiches (you can get chips too) is big. I couldn't eat everything, but I'd definitely come back for more.
5	We are from Las Vegas and got a recommendation to go here from a local. I had the veggie quesadilla and was transported to quesadilla heaven!! It was served with the most amazing guacamole, sour cream and salsa I've ever had! The salsa was an amazing balance of every ingredient, as was the guac. My boyfriend had the Jive Turkey sandwich that was incredible as well! The side salad was lightly dressed with balsamic dressing, it was fantastic, and I don't like balsamic vinegar at all, so that says something! :) we ended the meal with a scoop of champagne peach sorbet and it was astounding! If I can say one thing about the chef is that they know how to achieve an incredible balance of flavors! The meal was perfection!
5	This is a really cool restaurant!! It has delicious food, down to earth vibe and great customer service. What makes this unique little house turned restaurant into a hot spot is the music!! They play a diverse selection of hip hop music. So why not go and enjoy a  tantalizing glass of wine or an ice cold beer, and bob your head to some good ole hip hop!!
4	Friends and I stumbled in here seeking shelter. This is Arizona and we desperately needed some air conditioning. (Never, ever move outside of "winter". Ok?)Ponying up to the bar area I studying the food menu. Overwhelmed by the salad and sandwich options I opted for the soup of the day. (I was ravenous but had already consumed my bread components for the day.) I'm happy to report that soup is served waaaay faster than sandwiches (Ha ha ha! to my friends.) The mushrooms were large and the the soup was not a heavy bisque as I feared. My belly was fully.If you're in the market for a sandwich the portions are HUGE. I'd go back for those. Patio space here is made for people watching. The bar, although cozy, is filled with charming regulars who clearly know each other well. One chap pointed out where the purse hooks were located. (I won't tell you  the borderline inappropriate joke shared. I  laughed. It's that kind of place.) There's a television above the bar. Nothing obtrusive. My only surprise was being presented with an open bottle of Canada Dry seltzer when I asked for soda water. I'm not adverse for paying for it. I would have just appreciated being asked. Neat place to hang out at.
5	I went here for the first time the night I met my boyfriend, so take my review with a grain of salt.  I'll always have a soft spot for The Main Ingredient.  That said, there's a lot of recommend it.TMI is a once-house, now-restaurant with a very relaxed vibe.  Along with private and community tables, they also offer couches and outdoor seating, and everything is decorated in swanky, relaxing colors.  Their menu is unique but simple, focusing on salads and sandwiches.  These aren't your average sandwich, though.  Order the Cash Money and you'll see what I mean.  (Unfortunately, that particular sandwich does not work well as a leftover.  Eat it all while you're there.)Among the desserts, I highly recommend the red chile dark chocolate cheesecake.  I CAN'T STAND CHEESECAKE, and this is the one exception to that rule.Even better than the food, however, and the ambiance, is the wait staff.  I've never met an unfriendly or sullen waiter there.  Even stingy tippers won't mind sparing a few dollars here for the fabulously congenial servers.So go.  I dare you not to love it.  The Main Ingredient is worth it!
5	So.listen . Tmi. Amazing spot, great music and good people. The thing that really sets it off though?  That waitress Mary lynn. She is super friendly,  Smart and knows a thing or two about carp. Not to mention her knowledge of beer ! I would return just for that company.  A+!!
5	Love this place. Good music, good food and super laid back atmosphere. Happy hour all day on Mondays is a big plus as well.
4	Been there in the past and had good service, parking can be a bit harsh. I had fantastic butternut squash soup and a delicious sandwich (turkey I believe) to go with it.  Nice selection of beer, I stop in every few months for something fresh and different.
5	The food was. simply. amazing.  My friends and I had different hot sandwiches and they were all to die for: BLT, The North, Calviroa. (I'm totally spelling that last one wrong). The atmosphere is great.  Outdoor seating. Awesome beer menu. It doesn't look like much from the front... But it's wonderful!
4	Love the staff, great ambience, food & beer.Our waiter was great & very understanding when I had him take my pibil tacos back.  It was disgusting!  I copied my friend & had an Acapulco steak sandwich.  That was amazing!  So was the artichoke dip.  Their chips were thick and fresh.  I'll totally back there again.  I felt a little guilty cheating on my favorite ale house but this place was so great I got over it really quickly.  Moral of the story: go :)P.S. my friend said not to recommend their Negril (sp?) drink.  It was crap gin & grapefruit maybe...yuck
5	Yummy! I had the tacos and tried a couple of their specialty drinks. The hubby enjoyed their choice of root beer.
4	Overall, I really like this place but I think the menu is a little pricey. And it's rather loud inside so if you want to have a conversation your best option is to grab a table outside. If you can find one!! This is a neighborhood pub so it's usually crowded. But it's a great place to drop by and relax. The green chili stew is so so so delicious.
5	The service is excellent and the food is always great. Excellent selection of beer and wine. I love this place.
5	This is one awesome place!  My fella brought me here and it was such a great experience.   Usually he kinda sucks at picking places I am interested in but I am thrilled to say he got it right.The sandwiches....oh my gods the sandwiches!   We split the Acapulco cheese steak sandwich with horseradish subbed for the Chipotle spread.  (We just hate chipotle anything so nothing against their house made stuff) Ahhhmaazing. What really sold me was the service though.   Our waitress was absolutely adorable and so friendly!   She really made our dining experience the best it could possibly be.  We will be back and I can't wait
5	The Main Ingredient, in a word, rocks. First of all, the atmosphere can't be beat. It has a large dog-friendly patio. You'll find the locals relaxing and soaking up the sun with their pups; it makes a great atmosphere for a drink or to have some food. Second, the staff is really friendly and warm. Heather, Mary Lynn, Kristin, Lindsay, Matt, and the owners deliver top-notch service. They remember their customers and their preferences, and they make you feel very welcome. Third, the food is really good! My current faves include the beet salad (really!), the jive turkey sandwich, the BLT (so, so addictive), the quesadilla, and my eternal fave, the Charlie Tuna sandwich. I eat that tuna sandwich much more than I should. So good. You should check it out. If the locals are crowding the patio, you know it's a good spot.
4	If you live (like I do) near 7th Street and Osborn, this is one of the best restaurants on the area if you judge restaurants on atmosphere, food quality, prices, and taste in music. They've only lost a star because they do not offer WiFi to customers.They have Happy Hour all day on Monday, but I recommend not arriving before 7:45 pm because otherwise it's so popular that you'll probably be forced to sit inside.However, there's always convenient parking and they have an eclectic, youthful crowd. Plus, the restaurant was originally a house and dogs are welcome.
5	I am here at least 2-3 times a week.  The staff is amazing, the draft beers are always fun and often obscure, and only $2.50 during happy hour.  The food is excellent.  And, they play a great selection of old school hip hop.
3	The Phoenix area seems to fully embrace beer culture, and this hip spot is one of seemingly many places to try local craft beer varieties. It was obviously someone's house once, and they left all the walls up instead of knocking any down and making a bigger room, which I think gives it a pretty cool feel. We drank a few beers on the outside patio and it was a perfect evening temperature-wise. The beer selection is ok. Like I said, lots of local beers, but being from NY I have an allegiance to east coast breweries- but always willing to try anything. I didn't eat there, just stopped by for drinks, but the food menu looked pretty basic.
1	Marvin the Manager = no clue about management. If HE can be a manager, then I guess my 5 year-old nephew can, too. He has no idea how to remedy a bad situation... He only makes it worse. You would figure that after a disastrous take out salad, he would comp my meal and we'd be on our merry way. Nope. Instead, he made me drive all the way back to the restaurant because he needed to "see with his own two eyes that my salad was frozen and wilted." Here's a tip for the starter manager: why don't you try inspecting the food before it actually goes out. That way it would have been your choice to either A) have your cook make it again or B) send out a dying plate and wait for the customer to call you back complaining. It would've saved me, your paying customer, an extra trip, anger and an empty stomach. It would saved you, Marvin, added stress from an unhappy customer. AND! It would have saved TMI from this bad review. #whohiredthiskid #management101
5	Always great service and atmosphere. Very relaxing. The food has always been good. If you have a friendly dog bring them along.
5	My wife ordered the Winner salad and thought it was very refreshing. I ordered the RB+C sandwich on sourdough instead of a baguette. Amazing sandwich with a punch to the sinuses because of the horseradish. I highly recommend this sandwich. The prices for food and beer are as good as they get. Our total bills was under $50, which included an appetizer, main course and four beers.
5	Unique, delicious food. Great beer selection. Quick and friendly service. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Just took a few people here for a work lunch.  It was great, the people and the service were great and we loved the menu.  Everyone had something different and I'm glad I could bring home the left over jalapeno cream cheese!  Great place to go for a fun meal!
3	I like the location, the atmosphere and the vibe. The food tastes pretty good, but the vegetarian options are severely lacking. You can have, basically, a grilled cheese sandwich- and it's not that good. I had the green chili pork stew last visit- that was killer. Very spicy, made me cry a little, but I liked that. I would eat here more often if it wasn't mainly heavy bready sandwiches. Wish the menu was a little more eclectic. Also, I have been here when the music is just too loud- period. I'm not even trying to be one of those types of people, you know buzz-killy fuddy-duddy- swear I'm cool, but twice I have come in and hip hop was blaring so loudly it hurt my ears and I had to leave- there was no way I could communicate with the person I was out eating with. Luckily it was not like that the last time- I really liked the young lady bartender that was working as well. I can't remember her name- I think she was from Ohio or something. She was really nice and friendly. The service was much better last visit. I have been here before- sitting right at the tiny bar and never acknowledged, so that was a nice change of pace.
