1	This Tap Haus has 60 taps, almost entirely craft beers (several faux crafts like Blue Moon).  Open room, mixed atmosphere of wealthy cave creek old folks and bikers in Harley black leathers.  Service was atrocious.  Dirt parking though, meh.  Food is American meat focus on steak, chicken, fish plus a lot of fried apps.Update: had to leave bar without being served - after given menu, was ignored by bartender after numerous passes and a raised hand... and it wasn't busy at all.
2	Great Beer selection, mediocre food. This place has one of the best beer selections in the valley and good prices. We wanted to love this place, but the food was so-so. The crab cakes were terrible. There were more like bread cakes. The mussels & clams were good, but were not served with any bread for dipping into the sauce, even though in the local paper they show the dish served with toasted bread. The portion was small too. The soft pretzels were not even as good as what you get in the malls. (Best pretzels and dipping sauce are at Rock bottom) The only thing that tasted good were the sweet potato fries. If we come back, it will only be for the beer.
2	Go for the beer only. Lots of good beer on tap at good prices. But everything else is terrible. The service was so bad we were speechless. The food was mediocre. Veggies came out cold and food was luke-warm. Kids mac-n-cheese was soup with noodles. They ran out of diet coke before we got there but it was still on the bill and the waitresses blamed the manager. But the beer was good... if the food was good I would have looked past the service issues as that's more the server, not the place, but we will not be back anytime soon.
1	I seriously can't imagine a worse place.  On the positive side, they have a good beer selection, mostly focused on local beer.  Negatives: (sorry there's a lot...) There was a 45 min wait when we got there, but fortunately found a table in the bar. We didn't get acknowledged for a solid 20 min, but weren't in any hurry (and always have a bit of patience for a new place anyway). We ordered beers and the waitress didn't ask what size.  When the come out, they are all the large 24oz glasses. Not what I was looking for since I wanted to try a couple different brews, however didn't say anything as I didn't want to wait.  Ordered food, waited 40 min and finally came out.  I ordered a simple chicken sandwich with grilled pineapple and teriyaki sauce. What came out was a chicken sandwich with grilled onions.  Ok, sucks, but it happens.  Politely told the waitress about the error and she promised to fix it.  5 min later it came back... Uh oh... There were still bits of onion on the chicken, meaning they didn't fully scrape them off.  The pineapple was cocktail pineapples and cold, and the cheese was still cold.  Eww.    Told the waitress about it, in which she wanted to help out.  Wasn't about to wait another 40 min for a  entree at this point, and who knows what they would do at this point... Manager came over, had little knowledge of what happened, which I explained. She rushed into the kitchen and came out a few min later.  At this point, we're ready to go.  Rest of my party had already finished, so there was nothing she could do.  She offered to remove my beer and our appetizer. (thanks for saving the 8 bucks..) so I simply told her I would grab something on the way home, she stormed off with no response like a pouting 3 year old.  As we were leaving, we walked by and she could only give US the dirty look.  In summary, slow service, bad food (so I hear), piss-poor kitchen, attitude of a 3 year old from management.    Feel like this place is going to have the same result as the previous places at this location... Maybe only serve beer and they'll have a chance...
2	Concept is GREAT!Building is GREAT!Food was just, well, meh...Atmosphere is COLD and service SUCKS ASS!Soooooooo much wasted potential here.  I hope the owners pull it together.  Cave Creek NEEDS a nice place like this but they need it done right not half-assed.
2	The place is what you expect on the inside for design.  A Cave Creek version of fake rustic.  The service was a 5 out of 10 because she was slow and didn't know the menu items.  Philly cheesesteack was tiny and didn't have a lot of meat or cheese.  All of the serving sizes were very small considering the lunch pricing.  With all of the other great options in that part of the city, they will never see me again and I don't recommend that you waste your time or money there.
4	I feel like the other reviews are a bit unfair so far.  Especially as it seems most of them went during the first 2 weeks the place was open (usually not a good time to judge the quality of a new restaurant).  Personally, with the limited selection of tap beers in the town, this place is a gift.  Tons of micro brews and local suds - some that I haven't even heard of.Like piano music playing classic hits was nice- not crazy loud.Service was just fine - very friendly.  We ordered a salad with chicken (way too much stuff in the salad) and the fried mushrooms (surprisingly delicious).Overall, suggest if you are looking for a place with a wide selection of craft/local brews on tap, this place doesn't disappoint.
3	Seems like with rotating changes to the foodie landscape in Cave Creek, there are always new places to replace the old ones going out of biz. Such is the case here. The bldg sat empty for a bit and then... like magic the Tap Haus appears. But...so far it just sort of a space filler on Cave Creek Rd.While the people are nice enough it's a mixed bag of good and "so so" that is worth a trial period but doesn't bang me over the head to go back 2 or 3 times a week.  We've been there several times as it's not "that bad" and even on New Year's Eve wound up there. Service has been adequate and the last time even extra good. Consistency is still the key to any food operation and they're still trying.For the most part, the food is a 6-7. The pasta with Chipotle sauce was good and spicy, and enough to take home for another meal but the chicken was rubbery and not the grilled fantasy you might have craved. Even the nice sauce wasn't enough to mask it's chewiness. The Prime Rib on NYE was decently spiced but even an end cut shouldn't be dry and still have marks where the jockey was beating it.The batter they use for many things is good but... 8 medium to small onion rings for 6 bucks seemed a bit pricey for this "Road House turn Tap Haus". The one thing I keep hearing is that the music is good. They have a semi regular band and we might go and check that out this evening.They've got a TV crowd as they have plenty to watch games and even Fox News, and you can sit around the lower bar with chairs which is good if you're prone to falling off high stools. Although from my experience so far, the drinks won't make you that tipsy. Let's face it, my drink of choice for 30 years+ has been the Long Island Ice Tea and I've had them from Hawaii to New York City, Vancouver to Miami. A good one should taste good not "alcoholy", but if after two you can still recite the Greek alphabet backwards in four seconds.....? It's probably not made with everything it should be and for the prices they get for that drink, you should get your money's worth. They do have a few decent wines and it's almost impossible to screw up a 7 & 7.If you want beer beer beer... then you might like running the gauntlet of tap after tap. I'm not a beer person so other than a nice Corona on a hot day near a beach, i could care less but there's plenty of choices (nearly 100?) if you have a spare afternoon. You're sure to find something there that meets your  "hops and barley" expectations.So.. for now.. 3 (really 2 1/2) stars, as the place has enough to bring in the people (maybe expectations are going down in CC) but we'll see how a couple more visits work out as this is convenient, small enough to be comfortable and with outdoor seating the lunch experience is relaxing. We'll see as we'd like to see this place make it and even replace other "really bad experiences" on the Cave Creek culinary trail. Time will tell....More later.
3	Not terrible, but not up to par either. Beer selection was great. Although, I don't know that I've ever visited a tap haus with Guiness on tap but not Bass. They attempted a black and tan and failed. The appetizers were okay. Salad, tap haus, was bland. We ordered the daily special to split. They apparently were kind hearted and replaced our order with a semi-charred steak instead. They had run out of the fish special which wasn't helpful to my vegetarian wife. The steak was okay. I would have never ordered it otherwise - this isn't Durrant's. The side items were mostly cold and somewhat bland. The beer selection saves this place but the food needs some help.
4	Wow, my friends and I had a really good time last night.  Emily, he server, was friendly and on top of everything. The food we ordered was done just right and was quite good.  I tried a Reuben sandwich and fries. It's hard to find a Reuben that's not made with processed meat. The Reuben here is made with real corned beef, shaved thin, and it was lean.  That was the best Reuben I've had in a long long time.  One of my friends had the spaghetti and meatballs, he said it was very good and very filling.  His wife had the shrimp and raved about how well it was done.  She thought the batter was excellent.We can't wait to go back again.  This is better than the original Road House that started here.
1	We live here and have watched this building change hands many times. We were hoping to get a reasonable restaurant . . . no so much.Ordered Chimayo chicken, said it had two breasts - got one. Implied it had flavor - got none, well except for the diluted pink ranch dressing.My wife's Ruben was barely OK, vastly better than the chicken, ordered Coke, got diet Coke with explanation that the lines were mixed up.Beer was pretty good.Avoid this place, it'll change hands again probably over summer when nobody frequents.
4	Visited last Friday after driving by and seeing that they were playing the Coyotes game. They have a really nice selection of beers on tap, and prices weren't too bad considering the location. We weren't very hungry so only ordered the spinach dip to share .The dip was good and the chips seemed pretty fresh but were way too salty. High marks for having exactly what we wanted: to watch sports and drink good beer.
1	Ugh, we really should have read the reviews before coming here.We decided last Saturday night to ditch the Arcadia or Scottsdale dinner scene and drive up to Cave Creek for the evening. Thank goodness for the great weather and live band outside at Heralds that we could hear from our outdoor table. When we arrived, we asked if could sit outside (we saw seats available when we were walking in). The hostess went outside and then came back to let us know there were none available and we would have to sit inside, then walked away. Not wanting to sit inside (all I saw was an ugly red interior and a huge, empty restaurant), I asked the other hostess how long the wait would be. Luckily, she went outside and there were two tables for us to choose from! Thank goodness for her.We asked for water right away, that came about 10 minutes later. They did have a nice beer selection, however, my beer was room temperature, hardly cold. When we ordered, I made sure they had bbq sauce as that's what I dip my hamburgers in (weird, i know) - she said that was no problem. So our meals came - apparently they "discontinued" carrying bbq sauce. My burger was just ok. My fries were good though! My boyfriend's steak was barely edible. He said his baked potato was the highlight of his meal.Oh, and not that this matters, but we found grammar errors on the menu! And, the menu itself is quite basic in food offerings. Nothing unique at all.I think this is the first one-star review I've ever given. However, it was sadly, a huge disappointment.
3	If you love beer this is the place for you. My husband is a beer aficionado and was in heaven. Try the taster set. You get to pick 4 beers for your taster for a great price. Adam, a great waiter, told us they just changed the menu. The food is simple but delicious. My husband had the wild boar sausage sandwich he thought was excellent. I had the Haus salad which was o.k. I thought it was overdressed which wilted the leaves quickly. We shared vegetable chips as an appetizer. The chips were perfectly crispy. I think the chipotle dipping sauce should be change to a lighter sauce. It was a little heavy for the light airy chips. The    Interior is cool. Lots of wrought iron with an upscale roadhouse feel. A great place to have a beer or two after work.
1	This is place has gone from barely tolerable to downright sucks. Been meaning to write about our last visit there. A friend and i decided to go for lunch. The bar waitress suggested the meat loaf with cheddar sandwich special so we went for it.  The sandwich came out (with the wrong fries) and it was about an inch thick and the cheese looked like it was spread on not a nice slide of fresh cheddar.The meat loaf was so so with no flavor and we ask about if they had meat loaf on the menu. She said this was from last night's meat loaf special dinner. OK.. now we know that our meat loaf is a day old and then when the bill came THE REAL SURPRISE. $13 for a thin poorly made meat loaf sandwich.  Our bill was over $28 for a couple of bad sandwiches and ice tea. I hate not having good food when i go out but when you go somewhere other than fast food and you pay through the nose, you expect some sort of quality. This can NOT be a place we'll ever go back.We just heard this week that the place is going to go German and start selling that food. Maybe Germans have less taste requirements than we do but if they don't do it any better than the meat loaf... watch for the new VACANCY sign that'll be out when the owners run out of savings.We're running out of places to eat here in Cave Creek but better to not eat at all than to come here.PS - There is a Dairy Queen down the street just in case.
4	Basing this on my own visit, and nothing written before.  Riding through town for the first time, and doing the coin toss on were to stop......the Tap was were I decided.  Upon sitting at the bar, the bartender was immediately at my service.  We went through a few beer selections, even one she pulled out as a new one.  This new beer, i'm not a big citrus fan in beer, but this one, nice, cool and refreshing.  She heard my 'interest' in beer, as in i prefer more amber or darker.  So she took the Alaskan Amber and combined it with this newer citrus beer.......It was absolutely awesome.  She wasn't just great with the pours, but had interesting conversation as well......However, she would pause the conversation to ensure drinks were filled and new arrivals greeted, only to return and pick the conversation up without a hitch.  Professional, ensure service, but also actually engage with the clientele, kudos to Brittany. Aside from the beer, after a few minutes, the general manager sat down next to me to see how everything was.  He was very approachable, and interested in anything that needed attention.  He has only been in position for a month, and was upfront that things were not run 'right' previously.  He generally seemed interested and concerned with making a change.A bit after that, a man sat next to me and we started chatting.  He turned out to be the owner, and the manager I was talking to was his son.....Not sure how it was run before, but it is family operated now (which I have always found is a good thing).  He mentioned he also owns the Hideaway down the road, and seemed very vested in making both locations as good as they can be.  A dish was brought out for him to sample for the next days special, and a couple at the end of the bar were ecstatic with their special, quote, 'Who would have thought apple on this, but it is sooo good'.   I wanted to try it, but it had already sold out...The owner did hop up to see if there was anything he could do.  However, in all fairness, I arrived late in the afternoon for a lunch special, so I went with the sausage grinder......I ate everything on the plate, it was very tasty, well cooked and seasoned, the fries stayed warm and crisp all the way to the end.Give them another shot, I think the heart is there, and the execution might be coming together.
4	My husband (Dave P.) and I had lunch at the TapHaus yesterday (6/16/12), and I woke up this morning wanting to go back for more. A friend had mentioned that their Rueben sandwich was a piece of food art, so we decided to check it out. We had previously visited the TapHaus in the winter, for a drink only, and were left with less than enthusiastic feeling than we had hoped. We had sat at the bar, and even though the bar was somewhat busy, the bartender & staff didn't seem too concerned about paying attention to the customers. Yesterdays experience was completely different.It was a late lunch/early dinner for us and neither of us were super hungry. We decided to split the Soft Pretzel appetizer. The pretzel (apparently made in-house) was hot and delicious, with a spicy cheese dipping sauce. We also split the lunch special, The Harvest Burger. Brittany, the bartender, suggested it, and I'm so glad we listened to her.  Another poster - Scott S. - was at the other end of the bar (we were that couple that were raving over the sandwich) and I'm sorry he wasn't able to try the burger. Outstanding. Ham, apple, cheese, and burger on a pretzel roll. Doesn't sound right, but don't be fooled. The fries were good portions, hot, with great seasoning. This visit well exceeded expectations.The staff were all attentive (even those not serving us), welcoming and gracious. Mark Bradshaw happened to be there as well, and gave Dave a sample of the Orange Blossom Cream Ale. It is delicious. We had an opportunity to chat with Chase, the manager, and they acknowledge that they had a rough start, with a bad menu. It seems as though they got back on track, and we look forward to going back to check out other items on the menu (specifically, the Rueben). Everything is being made in-house, and you can tell by the quality.Chase, Brittany, Mark, and all the rest of the staff - thanks for a great meal and enjoyable time! If you haven't been there recently, or had a bad experience prior, give them another chance! I don't think you'll regret it.
5	I am new to the area, and someone suggested Cave Creek Tap Haus. All the reviews  here seem to be bad, but I heard that about two months ago they hired a new chef, who put together a brand new menu, so I decided to try it. The menu has been updated with a German influence.  I decided to try the House Made Gravlox appetizer...OMG!  It was fabulous!  I followed it up with the German Pot Roast. (Wild Boar with potato dumplings & root veggies) Wow! What flavors! The chef himself came out & made sure I was happy with my choices...that doesn't happen very often at restaurants I've been to. He explained that he is trying to make most everything from scratch. I highly recommend the Tap Haus for lunch or dinner. If you were here before the new chef arrived, I would say to give it another try. There are also over 50 beers on tap, so I plan on trying a new one each time I visit... Now I have to return to try some of the other new items on the menu. Next visit I will try the Reuben - I was told it's to die for... I will post about that later...
3	I always get excited when a new bar or restaurant opens up in Cave Creek but this one doesn't really keep me coming back. There is nothing really wrong with it so far, it's nice on the inside and they have a lot of beers, but there's nothing that has made me want to come back really. The few dishes I have had there were nothing to write home about. They need to get a better happy hour going here to compete with Harolds across the street. They guy that owns The Hideaway down the street is owner of this one as well. I know a few bars have been at this location before that didn't succeed and I hope the Tap Haus can pump it up a bit and get some more locals in there. Service can be a bit spotty as well.
2	I really like the concept of Tap Haus and wish they could have executed it better. The bar area has a ton of beers on tap, with a lot of local choices, which is awesome. The inside is nice and would be a good place to hang out with friends. However whoever set up the taps & kegs made some sort of mistake or the volume of customers Tap Haus gets is too low because our beers were all flat. Like flat flat. And then it took forever to get the bartender's attention to get new beers. Service is another issue here - we came in on a Saturday around 5 pm for beers & appetizers. The restaurant was empty, with about 5-8 people at the bar. There were tons of servers just standing around, doing nothing, since there was no one dining. None of them pitched in to help the 1 bartender. Once we finally got new beers, his was better (perhaps the tap tube just needed to be flushed) but mine was still kind of flat. I got a different beer...which was kind of flat too. After that we gave up, finished our beers and french fries, and left.
4	I was skeptical based on reviews but gave it a shot one Sunday afternoon. My friend and I had the best salads! And we knew we were taking a chance ordering salads since it appears to be a sports bar. They were amazing and the fruity light summer ale the waitress suggested was awesome! Would def go back, prices seemed good too. - Ordered the Harvest Salad -
5	I'm reading these reviews and, quite frankly, it surprises me! I had lunch here last week (August 2012), and I thought the place looked great, it was slow but we went late afternoon on a Sunday so we expected that. The food was terrific, the beer was cold and they had many choices. We had the Rueben and the Philly grinder-excellent. The service was a little slow but its cave creek, slow down, enjoy the sites, forget about work and go grab some good lunch. Haven't been there for dinner yet. We live 8 miles south in Tatum Highlands and thought we'd head north for something different-glad we did, we're headed back today!
3	Tried this place as recommended by a friend. Chef Larry was very nice and came out and greeted us. The place was clean, fun, and lively and I loved the Periogies! I ordered the Pork Yeagar Schnitzle and the first one came out burnt. They took it back and redid another one for me. However, Schnitzel is pork pounded flat, off the bone with a lemony citrus light battered crust. This was a heavily battered chop on the bone with no semblance of lemon or schnitzel about it. The Speatzle was a bit rough and too too doughy. I ordered a goat cheese and roasted beet salad and even my husband noticed the beets were canned. And he doesn't eat beets. I was disappointed in the food. However, that all being said, I would go back for the periogies and the beer and just the fun atmosphere. Just not for dinner. :)
1	Boy did this place ever go down hill. I went there for dinner with my family a few months ago and everything was great. The food was really good and we had a great server. I can't remember his name but he was very professional and very knowledgeable as well as entertaining. It was my daughters birthday and she came out from Indiana to visit us out in Cave Creek. We wanted to take her family and ours for a celebration dinner. I suggested the Tap Haus and we all decided to go there. I made a reservation for 20 people. When we got there they didn't have our table ready and didn't have our reservation. We waited for several minutes for them to set up our table then we finally sat down. To start the place was dirty. I first noticed the floor. Looked like it had never been vacuumed. I didn't notice until I stepped on something that made a crunch and when I looked down at the floor it was covered with specks and food and dirt. Then we noticed the water glasses on the table were cloudy as well as the silverware and the table was sticky. Then we looked at the menu, which was dirty also. I thought in was american food as it says on yelp but the only thing that was american was the hamburger. They changed it to a German menu.  I wanted to leave but the rest of my family decided we should stay. We were all disappointed to say the least. I ordered a salad and the pork chop. The salad was sopping in dressing and I couldn't even finish it. When I got my pork chop it was burned on the outside and bloody inside. I sent it back and they made me a new one but it was still the same but it was just a little less bloody. I lost my appetite. Others in my family had complaints also but nothing was done about it. Our server was a young girl that didn't seem to know anything about the menu when we asked questions. None the less the service was terrible as well as the food. I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO EMBARRASSED IN MY LIFE. It was a disaster. None of us will be back. That's for sure. DINE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
1	Easily one of the worst food places in all of Cave Creek, and horribly expensive for what you get.  The draft beer is way too warm for Phoenix, expecially during the summer time, and bad food with warm beer has chased away most of the local business in the brief time they have been opened.  A place with great potential delivers nothing to bring you back, and I have been there several times now since they opened.  Clearly, a restaurant destined to close if they don't get it together.
4	I went back to visit my new favorite German restaurant...and I wasn't disappointed. I tried a couple of the new items. For my entree, I tried the Sauerbraten. It was rich & flavorful...with a touch of vinegar. A satisfying meal. Not wanting to miss out on dessert, I tried Grandma's Blueberry Crumb Kuchen. It was a great end to end a great meal.
2	Took her royal highness to the Tap Haus as she wanted to try something new. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and meals as well.  We both thought the food was OK (You need to like German style food or just move along) as was the service and the drinks.What struck me the most was that the food is severely over priced whereas adult beverages were just as much under priced.I think this is a great building, with good parking (dirt lot ladies so be ready to dust off your heels) but I'm convinced this building is cursed and whomever moves in, is destined to go belly up.Tons of seating but the place never seems to be busy.Tons of large screen TV's but still not so much a sport's bar.I think the wait staff could use some pointers as they seem a bit confused and less than welcoming .......... Tons of beers to pick from but people around us said the beer was cool but not cold.  Warm beer??  Maybe over seas but not in the USA.I think we'll go back ...... I think .......... Or maybe not ........  Not loving it, not hating it, give it a try and see for yourself.
2	This place was recommended to us... Beer only. But it was pricey, warm and the happy hour didn't look much better so we didn't bother to come back. The guy who greeted us at the door was overly eager and excited to see new/more people. The bartender was lackluster and didn't know how to make an eclipse and it wasn't great even when I told her how to make it. This is a one time only visit.
1	It's just a crying shame. All that money it seems they put into that place and they just don't know anything about customer service. This place is an embarrassment to the restaurant business. Try it if you like and you will find out just like I did. I have been there 3 times and it just seems to get worse. What a shame.
4	This place has changed hands a few times, but with the new German inspired chef, we think they have something.The food is great. It's a pretty fun Chicago Bears bar during football season and the kids like it.Stop by and try it out.  We think it is one of the best right now in Cave Creek for drinks, atmosphere, and bar food.  We think it blows Harolds and Horny Toad away.
3	Went to this place after a round of golf.  First time in Scottsdale area and glad I stopped by.  Good beer and fine waitresses yet the food wasn't the best.  Good place to catch the games at but wouldn't eat there
1	Well.. the death song is again being sung at this place i fear. Another concept change? Come on guys get something good and stick with it. There's a revolving door of foods, menus, concepts and thought patterns going through this place "where neighbors meet." Actually, I've run out of neighbors that will go to this place any more.One thing about the food biz - can you say CONSISTENCY? Every time we've gone there the last few months it's something different or the menu has changed again. (and I'm still pissed at that day old 1/4" meatloaf sandwich for $13.) Things go on, things come off. The food is wondering around somewhere between Frankfurt spaetzle and California pasta with some burgers and garlic pizza thrown in just to make sure they cover all the culinary bases.This place could be cool with an outdoor patio good to enjoy the weather, some TVs and  a big screen (although the cage fighting is a bit much during our dinner), and some of the bartenders are good although drinks are inconsistent from one to the next. (geez i hate that Pope lime mix - buy some limes and do some fresh sour mix for change)Anyhow, for our group, we'll find another place to hang until this place changes hands and someone with actual food and management experience takes over and gives the area what it wants. Hate to see places go by the way side but then again, why spend money when you don't know what you're getting from one visit to the next. With this place I'm always afraid our next visit will feature corn dogs on a stick with spinach and clam based BBQ sauce.Good luck guys.
2	They didn't know what a hot toddy is. And the coffee was cold. I know this is Arizona but c'mon, it's December.
4	Good German food and a huge beer selection.
3	I took her Royal Highness back for another try at the Tap Haus and truthfully, I'm glad we did!!  It's very clear that management is serious about putting together a good restaurant.First off, they have changed and expanded the menu with far less of a German flair and more of an American style. The number of items have increased dramatically and they truly have something for everyone.They also added a wall to separate the main dining room from the bar and when the bands cranked up, that will be a customer saver for sure.  They still have 42 million different beers and a person at our table reported that it was very cold.They are also working hard at the sports bar thing and have added even more, high quality flat screens.Our wait staff was crazy good and for a party of 6, including food, adult bevies and a generous tip, we walked out for about $240We'll be back ..........  Maybe the building curse thing is finally broken.
1	Ok, so I agree his place needs to decide what they want to be.  I like the decor changes, and was actually excited about the German menu, and really liked many of these Options.  Alas, last time we went in, menu back to standard Cave Creek bar/Mexican/generic fried offerings.  Oh we'll, decided to give it a try anyway.   Took some time to get initial service despite being quite empty.  Ordered some drinks and apps.  Apps came out before we got our drinks, OK, then the waitress drops a wineglass on the table completely shattering it.  Still Ok, these things happen.Then the wheels came off.  We moved to a new table, as ours was completely covered in glass, and the server tried to move all our drinks that were on the table at the time of the incident to our new table.  We were like, those may have glass in them too, could you bring us new ones?  She says sure, then another server comes over and tries to give us our glass shard containing apps back.That was it.  I'll wait for new management before going back.  If this is going on right in front of the customers, I shudder to think of what may be going on in the back.
1	They were not busy, yet the service was extremely slow (took over an hour for 1 drink each and appetizers)   My husband ordered a drink and the alcohol was "bad?"  Didn't know how or why it would go bad - I ended up tasting it directly from the bottle and told the bartender to throw it out - it wasn't what was on the label.  Again, all we ordered was an appetizer platter and they even got that wrong.  Sadly I believe that this will be another one that bites the dust in this location . . .
1	It appears that the Tap Haus is becoming a larger indoor Hideaway. Took clients there Sunday to watch a game and have some good beer. The bartender should go back to the Hideaway. Two male clients came in and sat next to us when she let loose with several F bombs and gave them the finger several times. Apparently she knew them from the Hideaway however the entire exchange was really inappropriate. Needless to say everyone found it uncomfortable.They just can't seem to get the staffing issue right. Staff turnover is quite high and the majority of staff are always overwhelmed significantly impacting service.The best thing about this place is the beer selection. I'll be sorry to see them go.
1	And.... another one bites (the dust). Well... I'm giving up on this place as well. I'm not sure what's up with Cave Creek these lonely days but the food and service suck more and more every time you go out to eat.I've ridden this horse through the early days, its closing, name change, the neighborhood bar scene, the "Let's eat German and polka" phase, and now the "let's try the bar scene (with just a little German food)" days again.I was ready to find this as a home away from home but two times ago when i was there, the 7&7 was more like 3 .5 & flat sprite. So i ask about it and she more poured a normal drink. Shouldn't have to ask.Then this last time, same thing except when i ask about the 4 count pour she said "oh yes" so either she counts fast, can't count, or they're filling their bottles with something other than what I'm used to after 40 years of 7&7s.The burger (requested medium well cause i hate mooing) was still red and mushy in the middle and I hate - GET THIS - HATE mushy limp fries. They're called french FRIED for a reason.Then to finish off our waitress experience of the year (hey it's only Feb.) she asked to close out our bar tab cause she was going home or something. BUT... she was still working 20 minutes later and I've never had a bill closed out in the middle of drinks and dinner. They keep tabs open and split it up later UNLESS you want to cheat the new girl and take all the tip for yourself.Anyhow... weak drinks, continuous poorly prepared food, and I'm just not that thrilled with the place anymore. Too bad, they have a patio but...maybe they're more interested in the biker crowd.I've revisited this place so many times to give it a shot.... I'm sick of looking at it through my rear view mirror. Maybe the next owner will have some techniques and consistent standards.I love Cave Creek as a town ( i think) but wish CC had more - no make that ANY - good places to eat. They either close or remain open past their time.
2	Went here shortly after it opened. We had dinner and not sure if they were still training the wait staff and cooks, but it was not a good experience. May return to try the bar, but it will not include dinner.
3	Good drink selection, 2 star food
2	This was my first trip to Tap Haus and I didn't quite get the same experience of shitty service that many have been complaining about.  Our server was good, always on top of our table as we were there to do some drinking and a little eating.  However the managers on duty were a different story.  We arrived and were being taken to our table by the hostess when a manager stopped her and pulled her away to give her some random task while we just stood in the middle of the restaurant like two idiots.  I'm sure whatever he had to tell her could have waited the 45 seconds it was going to take to seat us but I digress.  I'm not Mr Important by any means, it was just awkward.The food wasn't pure shit but it wasn't anything to write home about.  We ordered the chips and salsa which was definitely Pace Picante from a jar.  The hot wings weren't hot and had an odd taste of game/fatty that I couldn't put my finger on.  My burger was ok, don't bother ordering to temperature though as my medium rare came out well done.  I opted for the sweet potato frys as it's a personal fav of mine and they were soggy and blah.  Again, it wasn't the worst nor was it great and my expectations going in wasn't that I was about to have a great meal.  However one thing I will say was bad was the beer.  I was thrilled to see the quality selection of beers, especially hop knot from Four Peaks which is one of my all time favorites.  The problem here is that the beer is WARM.  If I had to guess it's probably somewhere between 40-50 degrees and that is not something that's easily forgiven.Despite this review, I would go back but manage your expectations.  If it weren't for the warm beer, I'd give it 3 stars.  This place has some good potential if they would just improve a few key things.Ohh and one last thing, we went on Comedy Night.  Wow what a shit show those comics were, it was funny just to watch them bomb but that's of no fault to the establishment.
4	OWNER PLEASE READ!!!  it is about time you got some good male servers!!!I got the Big guy, he is great!!  fast, good personality, I love to tip him,,the guys always have the girl servers, and it is about time somebody wants to cater to the girls!!Yeah!  I got good Beer, food was ok. It had been awhile since I had been there, and it was a good experience.
4	Concept good, execution could be better, but really very little to complain about. Our server was an English guy, who was very attentive. It was a Sunday night so the place was not full, although  there were lots of people in the main area, we requested to sit in a quieter location. The hostess also turned down the volume in the room we were in, without being asked, which we had all to ourselves. The food was 4 out of 5. Will go back again for sure. Lots of choices of beer!
4	We popped in for a draught before dinner at Binkely's and sat at the bar. Service was courteous and helpful. There were several beers to choose from (familiar and new to me) and the bartender was helpful with descriptions and samples. Plenty of TVs and a stage for live music.
1	The owner has done a lot for Cave Creek. Hate to give this place such a bad rating. Tried twice. Bad both times. Need to continue to support The Hideaway and Harrold's. Food bad quality. Left hungry again.
3	As per my motto about calling it as i see it..... i've been tough on this place in the past. and i should have... it sucked. I stopped going.But, a friend pulled me kicking and screaming back for a lunch there one day. I gave in, held my nose and tried it.I'll give credit where credit is due. Not sure about their dinners or drinks but the burger i had with the chili was great. chili was good, other toppings fresh and nice cheese. Watching my carbs i didn't have a bun but... they fixed it right for me, it wasn't dried out and a pleasant experience.I'll move it from the yuck 1 star category to the possibly 3 star ok level. we'll see if i get pulled into a dinner there what that's like but for now... it was good one time out of the last 5 or 6 i've been there. Keep up the work guys ! ! !
4	Stopped in for a beer and a snack after a long hot day of exploring the local area.  Staff was friendly, had a great beer selection, and a good menu for happy hour foods.  The bartender let us sample several of the beers that we hadn't tried before and was helpful and attentive as we made our selections.  I like the sports bar in a barn type theme, combined with the service and great beer selection.  We'd like to go back when we can spend more time and not have to worry about driving after a couple of beers.
2	Had the fish and chips. Wasn't worth $15. Beer wasn't that cold. Would I go there again? Maybe. Just thinking the prices don't match up to the quality, nor quantity of the food. Usually one or the other justifies the higher price, unless it's the location, which wouldn't be the case here.  Granted I was aware of the price of what I ordered, and sometimes it's worth paying more for getting more.  Not so much this time. Perhaps my expectations were too high.
1	This place looks like a cool bar/restaurant but it was terrible.  We waited 30 min for a burger and then the server charged a $5 split plate fee because my husband and I split!  He didn't even make us aware of the charge until we got our bill and then told us that it was noted on the menu so he couldn't reverse it.  We called the manager after we left and he said he would credit our check.  Well he never did it!The burger was overcooked and the fries were cold.  I would NEVER visit this place again!
4	Biketoberfest! Great time, great bikes, great ta ta's. Had lunch with my girl and a obnoxious biker friend. Fries are spiced nicely, chicken Philly I had was awesome. Wife had sliders she loved. A hole had a burger that he loved, but who cares. Nice atmosphere. Service: 8 out of 10.  Will go back.
4	Tons of draft beers leaning towards American microbrews. Good deep fried mushrooms. Dani at the bar is very friendly & efficient. Good stop.
5	Lets be honest, things change and you can't ways get it right the first time, but I have to say the cave creek tap haus is a great place to go. I've been here several times over the last 10 months and every time the service was great (ask for Sandy).  I just had a burger-fantastic!  Also, they have this tequila (not your typical tequila)...called 'dirty tequila'...and its really good.  Moreover, the atmosphere is relaxed, cool, and memorable. Step outside of the everyday routine and make this place your new normal. Cave creek tap haus is great.
1	This place is a Chicago Bears bar and so, my husband and I, who are Bears' fans, thought that it would be nice to go further out of town for a change to watch the Bear's game.  We had been here once before and it wasn't anything spectacular.  This time around we sat at the bar.  Before I go any further, it's important to note that this place will reserve seats for you....During football season....on a Sunday....At the bar (or in booths)....  Have you heard of anything more ridiculous?  I've always been around Sunday Football and have learned that you need to get there early or you don't get a seat.  That's part of the package that comes with watching football at a bar or restaurant.  Anyways, we managed to find 2 of the few seats that were not reserved.  But, I know the people, who were sitting next to us had sat down before the "reserved" signs had been put up, so the Bartender later told them that those seats are reserved and the people who reserved them has until, I believe, the 2nd quarter to show up.  So, those people had to move (because the ones with the reservation were there).  We noticed that the bartenders were really nice to them and bringing them refills right away and chatting with them, while my husband had to wait a long time for them to bring him another beer, even after 2 of the bartenders walked by at least 10 times (no exaggeration).  So, basically, if you make reservations you get treated better, which doesn't make any sense.  Plus, the prices were ridiculous.  Especially, for the service and treatment we were getting.  I do not recommend going here.  Maybe the Buffalo Chip across the street treats their customers better.This is really sad, because, I don't want this to reflect poorly on Chicago, or Bear's fans or anything associated with the two.  This place needs to figure things out and hire new staff.  The reservation thing needs to go.  That's just stupid.
3	I tried the food here  during an extremely busy biker event. Not a good experience but they were buried in customers. It's far too dark inside, this place needs some windows and a MUCH larger deck for people to sit and enjoy themselves. Keep working on it boys!
1	Went into Tap Haus for breakfast on 12/29/13 to check it out since we had never gone in there before. My experience was not pleasant. I ordered biscuits and grave and a side of eggs over easy. You would think that the time it would normally take to prepare such a meal that it would not take very long. Actually it was just the opposite, it took approximately 20-25 minutes. When I received my food the eggs were stone cold and the biscuits were so hard that I could not put my fork though it. The waitress was really nice about and took it off my tab. What I found very disturbing was when we were leaving the response from the woman that appeared to be the manager. I told her about it and her response was, "we are aware of the issues with our breakfast." I was obviously stunned. The only thing I can say it unless you are drinking do not order any food.
1	Ive eaten there three times and sent back two out of three... Drink beer... or something safe like a hamburger... avoid anything extraordinary... because they  are not..
2	So disappointed with this place.  We participated in a bike week ride and the ride ended at the Tap Haus.  We got a booth right away and then waited and waited and waited and waited while several waitresses walked by our table.  One  of our group went up to the bar to get us drinks and said no since we were in a booth we had to have the waitress serve us.   We finally got a waitress to talk to us and she said it wasn't her table.  We asked who was, she didn't know... but after saying we had been sitting there for 10-15 minutes with no service, she finally agreed to take our order... REALLY!!   If we weren't waiting for the rain to pass and the prizes to be given out we would have left.  I have to say there were empty tables and seats at the bar, but service staff seemed to be unorganized and more into checking their boobs and looks and each other than customers.   So we finally got drinks ordered chips and salsa and potato skins.  It took freakin' forever to get it...   We were going to order dinner but by then the rain stopped, and the prizes were given out.  We asked for our bill and that came instantly.... surprise!   Couldn't wait to get out of this place... it was horrible service and crappy food and the attitude of the staff was as if they're doing you a favor by freakin' waiting on you.  Whatever, we'll go to Harold's across the street next time.
2	Once again terrible service at the Tap House! After 5 visits and continuous poor service we must share!  so many of our friends will not come with us because the food is mediocre and the wait staff are consistently rude and never  around. terrible!!! Management please invest in training your staff. It is critical!  The only reason we keep trying to come back is the awesome music on saturday nights! We love it!
5	If you are looking for a restaurant with an outstanding beer selection and great food, this is your place. Long ago, their food was not good - but they've made great strides in the kitchen and now it's tough to find anything on the menu that's not good. Ribeye steak is very flavorful - French fries are A+.   Burgers are gourmet in quality. As a beer aficionado, the only quality that would make this place better would be to see more rotating taps. I want to see more new and unusual beers, more often.
4	We stopped here for dinner before heading out to buffalo chip for the bullfight show. We were expecting to see a casual menu of sandwiches, burgers etc and were surprised to see a more expanded menu . And prime rib special for $22 that night!  My friend and I got that and my husband got new york strip . We all agreed it was delicious and a good price. We were pleasantly surprised!  The service was good too.
4	Very good!  Nice atmosphere (we sat outside on a Saturday night....music inside was too loud), good food, good service.  I thought that their selection of beers was good, and their food was definitely a couple notches above most bar food offerings.  My steak, which I'm usually picky about, was cooked very well.  Disappointed I couldn't substitute mashed potatoes for baked, but the baked potato was good nonetheless.  We will keep this place in mind in the future.
2	Came in for dinner on a Saturday night at about 9 PM.  A little busy, but the service was fairly quick.  Large selection - mostly bar food.Girlfriend had a taco salad which had a very greasy shell. I had a club sandwich with fries and a cup of chili.  Fries were made there, crispy and great. Club was not toasted and had no spread. Chili was tasty.Prices were a bit higher than a Phoenix bar & grill, but I guess it is Cave Creek.
2	That's being generous and it's pretty much because the beer was good. The entire staff was on their cell phones or laptops. I almost felt like we were an inconvenience and they were dead.  Our server was not exactly friendly I didn't know if she could crack a smile. We ordered the signature nachos with chicken which was virtually non exsistant and disappointing.  I really hope they improve it because the location is awesome and they are a Bears bar/restaurant. I will try them again down the road but this experience was sub par.
1	I ordered a wedge salad and there was a moth in my lettuce. The waitress was flat on her response, just said sorry without any emotion. Flies were all over the windows and while they comped my meal (big deal) I ordered a beer after the fiasco just to kill whatever I may have ingested, and they charged me for it!!!! Dirty and stained menus.They should not even get 1 star but our lunch came out quickly and that's the only reason they get 1.
3	Our server Cali is awesome! She's working so hard tonight-too bad that she's is ALL BY HERSELF! That's not right. Service was slow due to lack of staff. Not only did she greet us but sat us, cleaned out table, and served us. Not to mention waiting on all the people that are trickling in. Despite of this, she maintained a great attitude. If I come back...IF...I come back, it will be because of servers like her. BTW, the soup is canned and salty :-(The burgers were very good.
4	Definitely a Chicago Bears hangout!!  The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is great.  Several large screen TVs,  a patio and great food.
3	They go up and down - it's hit or miss.   The food is good but some of the staff could go to charm school.  There is some red head behind the bar who is as mean as they come.  I think she used to work at the buffalo chip
1	I must say I am more than disappointed with the food and service here. Upon our arrival, my boyfriend received his beverage right away but then waited another 10 min for a bartender to inquire about what I would like to drink. Another 4 min passed before we had to ask for menus and then another 15 min to take our order. There were maybe 10 people sitting at the bar with 2 bar tenders so they were not busy. When Adriana, our server/bartender, took out order she not only didn't know the menu bit gave us a bit of an attitude about the menu and told me I was wrong when I inquired about cheese on the Haus burger. Upon bringing us the INCORRECT order, she apologized and took the wrong order back to the kitchen. My boyfriend was waiting for me to get my food but it was taking a while so I told him to eat as his was getting cold.  The food was not very good and small portions for the cost. Not to mention, he asked for 2 or 3 beers that were on the menu but either changed or no longer offered but no one told us. I work at a restaurant and was VERY upset about the service or lack thereof. The bill came and no % off was offered for the mistakes. I don't look for a free meal, but this was a terrible experience and we will not be back.
1	Went there tonight with another couple. We wanted to go to Harrold's but they were too busy. We ordered drinks and it took forever to come out. Then we ordered dinner. After that, we asked for water all around the table. that took an hour to get to us and we had to ask 2 different people. The waitress made it a point to tell us she was new. We completely understand when someone is new but the mistakes were ridiculous. Then our dinner came out and we all had burgers. When I went to cut into my burger, it wasn't a burger, it was chicken. We asked to see a manager. He came over in 5 minutes and we explained about our water taking an hour and my. "Chicken" burger. He took the chicken back, never apologizing and we never saw him again. We definitely told him how unhappy we were with the service. He didn't seem to care. My friend and I ordered another drink and the waitress brought  them and said "these are on me". Really? When I finally got my correct burger, it was horrible. Not seasoned and it just tasted like a pile of beef. I ate a few bites and couldn't eat anymore The sweet potato fries were soggy. Then we decided to order the half baked cookie. 30 minutes went by and nothing, not even the waitress. I went to the restroom  that and on my way back, I told the hostess where we were sitting and to cancel our desert. Then the waitress came by and said "for future reference, if you order that  this desert it takes a little longer". Really? Why didn't she just tell us that? We would have happily waited if she TOLD US! Food and service terrible. Never again!
3	Awesome place to hang out and have a beer but the food pretty blah. Seems like most of it is frozen.
1	How many bad reviews a place can get before they make some changes.???Cave creek has so many good restaurants, so we often make the drive in to town without a plan of where are we going, we get here and figure it out.. We decided to give this place a try (did not consulted with yelp). The service was not the greatest, our server would hangout at the bar and every once in a while look over to see if we would wave her down.The food was ok for a bar.. Not so much for a restaurant. (Maybe it was my mistake it is called the tap house after all)As far as the ambiance goes, well it is like an oversize bar pretending to be a restaurant. Writing this review I realized that the owner wanted to have a bar but opened a restaurant.... Maybe that is why the place is more than 3/4 empty all the time..There is hope.. But it will require a lot of work for this place to make it back..
2	We didn't enjoy our lunch today. We waited nearly 45 minutes for a couple of sandwiches. The place didn't seem busy but the food and service was especially slow. When the food arrived, it wasn't amazing. Sorry to say but I don't think we will be back.
