4	THE place to be on Badger game day in Madison!  The campus sports bar has the usual beers and hoardes of drunken fans.  Always a good time....except the time that guy started randomly video-taping me and my girlfriends....yeah, that was weird....but still, a definite staple in any college student's bar scene. 4 stars.
3	Definitely miss State Street Brats. The place on game day or any day. Another reason why I got fat during college.
3	The brats here aren't anything special - let's be honest.  They are good but you can find brats just as good in lots of other place in Madison.  I was going to give SS Brats 2 stars but there isn't any other place I know of that has a white brat burger.  Its a white brat split in half on top of a cheeseburger and toasted bun.  This will set you back a couple of days but on the bright side you won't have to eat for a while.
3	We didn't actually eat here, but the bar vibe was laid back and solid. They had all sorts of booths for sitting around in. They had Spotted Cow and an apple-cinnamon beer that tasted sorta like a cider on tap. I liked their catchy jukebox selection, as we selected "My Best Friend's Girl" by the Cars and Jack Johnson.  We hear that this place more attracts young professionals, engineering students (random), and undergrads from student organizations, although I'm not sure if that is true.
3	The food was ok, I love waffle fries and the produced some spicy delicious ones so I was pretty happy.  Drinks were cheapo schmepo (again I'm from out of town and found Madison delightfully affordable) but the main event here was the boxing game.  We were with a group of family and friends in town for a wedding and everyone was getting into this thing...my boyfriend, my brother, my uncle, even our friends in town from Norway (in their 50s) were all over this thing!  It was so fun!They had a ton of stuff to chose from so it's an easy to please all type of place.  also a lot of seating, inside and out, so it was a great stop for us.  Nothing amazing and above and beyond but fun for a college town.
4	Grade: B-Cheap drinks. Good food. College bar.
2	The food is one small notch above horrible. As for night life, you should at least enter once a year when you can get your free birthday shot after you kiss a moose head mounted on the wall. (What can I say, I loves the kitsch and free alcohol.)  Otherwise, the crowd here is pretty mixed with an emphasis on "dudes" and ladies with too much make up on. Their one redeeming quality is their drink specials as both stock market night and flip night are basically the only legal gambling you can participate in the downtown area. (Make sure you did actually have enough cash to foot your drink bill if you lose your coin toss on flip night.  The bartenders tend to get pissy if you cannot cover your bill.)  FYI: The bathrooms after 10 p.m. are notably disgusting.
3	Somehow I manage to keep coming back for their $5.50 pound of chicken wings and pitcher of Wisconsin beer.
2	I feel hungover and the guilt of being underage just by walking by this place.  Unless I'm super drunk to begin with, I'm probably not venturing in.On another note, I gave this a second star because I hear they have (or used to have) a stock market pricing system where drinks cost more or less based on demand.  It's the only way I've ever really understood the economy, and that combined with the fact that they serve alcohol, merits two proud stars.
2	Service completely sucks and the food is slightly better than what you could buy from a vending machine or Kwik Trip
3	I thought I'd give State Street Brats a lower rating, until I realized that "Flip Night" and the fact that they have stadium white brats is amazing.If you're not going for one of those two things, avoid it like the plague.
4	This is a great dive.  It has indoor and outdoor seating, along with lots of beer and brats.  The place is on State Street, near the UW Madison campus and in the heart of Madsion.  It's been a favorite of mine for many years.
4	This place is what a college bar is made of.  You have to appreciate good specials to come here.  On a Tuesday night we got to enjoy the Flip Night Special where guessing the correct the side of the coin can get you a drink for a $1.  Oh, it makes me miss college so much.  It just brought me back so much seeing some poor dude celebrate his 21st birthday that night.  This place is relatively large being that there is a second floor.  It's great for those that are sports fans as it has plenty of tv's and those that like to play darts.  They also sell t-shirts of the bar there - something about fluid research team that I can't get myself to wear or buy.  The bartenders seem very laid-back and nice.  I'd like to try out some of the food here, namely the brats - maybe next time!
4	BratsThis was the best pick up bar in all of Madison. It is a meat market in all the good ways.Brats has two levels and two bars. The top floor even has a odd little dance floor. This bar has plenty of indoor seating and one of the best patios in Madison. The back patio has a terrific view of state street which makes for some terrific people watching and talent scouting.The drinks are poured a little light, but this bar makes up for it with their awesome drink specials. My personal favorite is Liquor Exchange. For this promo, the price of drinks are tracked the same way as stock prices. The more a drink is purchased, the higher the price. The less a drink is ordered, lower the price. The prices are calculated in real-time and price fluctuations are graphed and displayed on a ticker. Pretty f'in sweet. It is probably my favorite drink special ever.My little brother lit up like a little boy at Christmas when Vodka Redbulls hit $1.25. He then proceeded to buy 10 of them and bring them to the table.Add to this the hottie factor. This universal watering hole attracts a large variety of people. This is where my ex and her roommates would all go to pick up men. Saying "I am going to brats" is a lot like saying "I need some action bad". Brats has ended, and started many a budding romance. The cherry on top is the fact that Playboy named this one of the top ten sports bars in the country. That is a hell of an honor and is well deserved by brats. In my days as an event planner, I found the owners and managers to be pretty fantastic, and I am hard client to keep happy. I am kind of an Event-zilla.This bar is a must see for the atmosphere and talent.Haiku !So you went to Brats?You didn't answer my text.Where are your panties?Talent Level: Badgerlicious.
3	Came here on game day and experienced the Badger crowd prepping for the big game first hand.I stuck to the basics and split a red brat and a white brat.  While both sausages were great, they weren't mind blowing in the sense that one would drive hundreds of miles to get them (even though I did just that).  This place is more about the atmosphere and its classic college bar vibe, most accurately described as lots of beer and people wearing red.FYI - When entering and exiting on the right side of the entrance, beware the big vent that shoots out warm sausage filled air at you.  It's kind of overwhelming if you don't like that sausage smell.
5	What are you doing sitting at home reading this when you could be at this place having a brat basket?  Get over yourself and go have a brat.  Good Lord, you're in Wisconsin just do it.
2	For a place with "Brats" in the name, you'd expect a better Brat.  I don't claim to be any 'Brat Expert,' but I do know that I've had better Brats in my life than at State Street Brats.  I had the 'Red Brat' I believe, and received a glorified hot dog... thus making the 'Double Red Brat' on the menu the only way to go if you really want enough Brat.  Beyond the Brats, the double order of wings is the only way to go due to the poor quality and lack of meat on them.  You end up leaving about half the basket as it is, and with a price tag of $8 for the double basket, I'd like to offer to pay more for better wings.  (To date, the best wings I've had in Madison were at The Great Dane).  It fulfills its need as a sports bar with flat screens located in enough places where you can basically always see what's going on.  Some were on standard channels and others on HD, and therefore there was a lag between some of the screens for the NFL playoff game I was watching... a minor detail, but it's these types of things that separate the men from the boys in sports bars.Lastly, it was Saturday night with back-to-back NFL playoff games, and the place was absolutely dead at 7:30-8:30ish.  Around 9pm the place began to start to pickup, and I received word that the place begins to fill up more in the 10pm+ range.  Alas, it's not so much a sports bar, but a college bar with some TVs.
3	I lived here during World Cup 2006.  This place was amazingly accommodating to soccer fans!Food isn't the best for you, but the bar makes spending time here wonderful!  They always have some cool special going on to peek your interest.
4	two words: fried cheese curds
2	State Street Brats was a fun stop last weekend, but the food was just mediocre. When I went to Madison many years ago & it was "The Brat Haus," the food & brats were way better! I do have to admit the new version has some pluses, but the old place rocked.As for service, it was just o.k. this weekend. I saw many lines this weekend, but none at this place & I definitely would not wait in a line to get in there.
1	A Madison tradition for getting wasted before games and such, but the service is HORRIBLE for meals and the inside is dark and gross. Everything is always sticky from spilled booze and the crowd is annoying. There are so many better places in Madison.
5	5 stars to watch sports, 4 stars to eat and hang, and 3 stars as a straight up bar.   I loved watching sports here on the big screens or grabbing  a burger or brat for dinner. It kind of loses its appeal for me when it turns into a straight up bar on the weekend nights. However, its a great looking building that is coated in Badger red. This is the sports bar in Madison.  For me if a big game is to be  watched on TV, this is the number 1 atmosphere in town.
2	Came on a Thursday night and was disappointed in the bar.  I had heard so many good things about this place, and it did look much fuller on Friday night and Saturday during the day, when the Badgers were playing.  Unfortunately, I only experienced the Thursday night experience and can only rate it as such.It was kind of surprisingly lonely and empty here, and we didn't stay for a drink.  Well, we might have, but no one came and took our order.  At least there are lots of TVs for the games, etc.  With the word brats in the name though, I suppose next time I should try some of the food.
3	I stopped in Madison during my cross-country voyage (http://KananAcrossAmerica.blogspot.com) and I was just craving a brat, a friend with experience recommended this place.Well I absolutely dig the college atmosphere and I bet this place would be a great place to watch the game on Saturdays.  The brats were decent, but nothing to write home about.  I'm also not a fan of having to get your own fixings, I just feel sauerkraut should be already included, but that's just personal preference.Great place to hang out, overall good.
3	Been to brats a few times drinking now and I must say that some of the deals are ridiculously good.  Flip night is great.  The bar is usually full and I always run into someone that I haven't seen in ages.  The layout could be better to encourage flow from the bar.  Seems like it takes half an hour just to get a drink.The food is ok, nothing special but hits the spot.  There's always a game on here so thats a bonus, but if its a badger game the volume is on so loud I can hardly hear myself think.  At the end of the day I would recommend a friend to go to brats just to experience this classic college bar.  Its a once a month kind of bar if you know what I mean.  There are much better and worse options downtown.  Middle of the road in my opinion.
5	Nothing like ambiance of a Big Ten college bar, mixed with the smell of stale beer and deep-fried appetizers.Happy hour was ridiculous at this joint. Pitchers of beer cost whatever time it was. Yes, you read that correctly. At 4 p.m. my group of friends and I rolled into State Street Brats to find the building packed with Wisconsin and Michigan State football fans. We plumped down about $40 bucks and got six pitchers of beer and some orders of deep-fried cheese-curds (better mozzarella sticks).Didn't eat a brat, but the cheese curds were as good as people say they are. I especially loved the upstairs of this two-story bar. We sat down at a long counter that was elevated above the staircase and that faced a huge T.V. It also had a mammoth statue of Captain Morgan which was the difference between a four star review and a five star review.I suggest this restaurant to anyone who visits Madison. Make sure you try out the cheese curds and get there early for the cheap beer.
4	When's the last time you flipped a quarter with a man behind a counter to see if your food might be free?  We did.  I paid, my buddy ate free (alcohol not included).  Brats and cheese curds, of course.Gee - I miss college.  Picture sort of a Barnaby's times 10 in size with an upstairs "theater" with a super giant TV and THE GAME ON!  Add pitchers of beer everywhere....along with wrappers of burgers, empty plastic baskets, cheese curds (great!).Downstairs a cafeteria-style counter to order food by the number...rows and rows of wooden tables and benches to eat and drink on......college cheering and booing at the Badgers....tons of W-sweater girls and guys.  Beer spilled on every table.  No problem, the beer prices change with the hour and are cheap at any time.Packed, but roomy somehow.  Cutsy quotes on posters on all the pillars.  Remember college yet????
3	I love the signs on the walls.  Great specials.  Bartenders are hit or miss, some seem quite confused.   I'm not a huge fan of the billion TVs, but hey it's a sports bar.
1	This is not the place to wander into at 9pm because you haven't eaten dinner yet and the Old Fashioned was too full. Thought we'd get some brats and curds. Two whites with mustard and kraut? Too bad, the condiment bar has been taken away and the kitchen won't dress our dogs... Okay, two Moon Man pale ales and an order of cheese curds. The beer was delicious, but the curds hadn't seen the inside of a fryer for the better part of 30 minutes, and were served with the saddest raw broccoli and carrots I've seen, along with a side of blue cheese dressing that had been sitting under the heat lamp... bleah! Keep the veggies away from the curds, for everyone's sake. I'll give them one more chance during a more food-friendly time!
2	In town for business trip as my  home office is located in Madison. With a small group of co-workers and decided to go downtown. We walked the main street going toward campus.  Once we reached the end, turned back and came across this bar.  It was either this or 5 Guys Burgers. Given my poor experience with 5 Guys in Phoenis, I opted for this location.  Besides, brauts in Wisconsin??? You have to give it a try. I had the Burger/Braut.  Pretty much a plain burger with a braut cut in half on top.  Others had the Hot Braut and one of the salads. In general, food was just a little less than average. I can cook brauts better on my own grill using brauts from a better local pork shop. The atmosphere is a different story.  First understand that we were there at 7 p.m. on a Monday night when college is pretty much out.  But this place had a nice set up of T.V.'s, and tables.  This location would make a great place to sit and watch a game. And I can only imagine what it would be like on a Saturday before/during/after a local college football game. Also had the chance to try two local brews.  Had the Glauser (sp?).  Nice local brew.  There were several other options of beer and full bar. If I ever get back to this place, will have to try it on a Friday or Saturday night.  But if you are looking for something good to eat, well, keep walking!!!
5	The best sports bar in America. This is a SPORTS BAR, people. Not a restaurant, not a bar to go to on a Wednesday night, so stop rating it as such. It's a place to go watch the games and it is amazing.
4	We were in town for the Arizona State v. Wisconsin game and, of course, had to stop at State Street Brats.  Great atmosphere and good food.  One of the best places I have ever been to watch college football.
1	Congratulations, State Street Brats: you nailed it! And by "it" I mean being just awful. Last night some friends and I went to Brats after not being able to acquire hockey tickets. We wanted a semi-ridiculous, sports-centric atmosphere, so Brats seemed like the logical choice. We'd all been in college, and thought we knew what to expect. Nope.After grabbing a booth upstairs and sitting around for awhile, a waitress came by and asked if we were interested in ordering. After telling her yes, she told us that they were cutting their wait staff so we had to go to the bar to order. Not a huge deal, but there were some flaws:1) the wait staff that was supposedly cut were aimlessly wandering around the bar for the entire time we were there2) when you ordered, they told you to just come back and check if your food was ready - no estimate of time, no notification system, and again, no use of their employees milling about3) after our table had ordered and checked for food a few times, the table behind us got waiter serviceThanks for your outstanding customer service, guys!To top it off, the food was as lacking as the service. The nachos were basically a pile of oil, the cheese curds eerily resembled bad breaded chicken used at fast food Chinese restaurants, and the burger baskets were a ripoff. While the burger was okay, the $2 upcharge for fries was a joke. For $2.50 you can get an entire basket of fries, but the two bucks they charge to add them to your burger only gets you about fifteen soggy fries. While the portion size was okay (I ate about two before deciding they were too gross to continue on with), it's nonsense that they charge you so much for a tenth of what comes in a basket that you could just order separately for virtually the same price. At the very least, I learned a very important lesson: State Street Brats is best enjoyed by highly intoxicated college students and my time there is over.
3	Brats is the place to go on game day on your way to the stadium or to go to watch a packers game. They have been a staple in Madison since my parents went to school there in the 80s, so you know that they are doing something right! The food there is decent,  you best choices are the brats, they have red brats and white brats and their seasoned waffle fries are delicious. While this is a great bar with lots of fun stuff to do, sometimes the crowd is a bit hit or miss depending on the night that you go. To truly get the best State Street Brat experience you need to go on a busy night.
4	We went for lunch and had great bratwurst sandwiches. The beer selection looked good too, but couldn't try since we all had to go back to work. Looks like a great sports bar, the bratwurst was better than some German restaurants, and service was friendly and quick. As a lunch place or pub, four stars, but probably only three if you don't like brats. Don't know how it would be as a sports bar--crowded, fun and full of students probably.
3	Nice place and of course a must-hit place for all college students in Madison. Go grab some beer and a brat and watch the games inside or outside! At night though, it can get a little rowdy and dirty what with spilled drinks and on multiple occasion; puke.... Cool place but could use some better staff and/or management.
4	Great double bratwurst. Excellent meat, not dried out but juicy with a crispy skin. Spicy waffle fries were nothing special. Seems like an awesome hangout place, especially on gamedays.
1	I agree with Stacy L. Terrible service. Went for lunch before the basketball game because it's close to Kohl Center.  Some customers got wait staff, some had to wait at the bar to order. No logical way they take or fill orders. Food was just so-so. Should have done what our 2 vegetarians did - walked over to Potbelly & brought food back here to watch the game while they ate. At least I saved money by not tipping & we got to the game early because we couldn't stand the place. Hey guys, you can't run a bar without staff!!
1	I hate everything about this blemish on State Street. Famed for nothing other than its convenient location, this bar attracts all kinds of frat boys from all walks of frat life, young and old, sleazy and more sleazy, to this unacceptable shithole of a bar/restaurant. Simply put, there are a million better places to watch "the game" than Brats.I have never gotten food here that didn't taste like it was sitting in a freezer for upwards of a year before it was finally thawed out, microwaved thoroughly, and slapped into my plastic basket. I once ordered a quesadilla that literally cracked and fell apart in my hands, and apparently the kitchen had mixed up their raw chicken with a rubber one. The burgers taste like they were scraped off of the bottom of a boat.And that's on a slow night. Come here for a drink or a game and be prepared for an experience that will make you want to shower for hours afterward. The last time I was here, I had a fat drunk trucker who smelled like a trash compactor hovering around my girlfriend's friend, then my girlfriend, then when he realized neither of them were interested, me. And the thing about Brats is that literally half of the people here on a given night are the adult, alumni versions of the D-average alcoholics that make up the other half. The trucker that wouldn't leave me alone truly deserves to be State Street Brats' mascot. If you're the type of person that started watching Sportscenter and drinking 8 Miller Lights at least once a day at 18, and plan to continue that into your late 50's, you will always feel at home at Brats.
4	AHHH, the red brat!
2	State St Brats was a recommended go to place for Brats, cheese curd, and brew on my visit to Madison. First the good... Our Brats & cheese curd was fine... Having a fully stocked self service condiment bar was nice... Good local brews and a friendly atmosphere. Hey! State St Management how do you expect one person to wait on the entire bar area? Yea it's cool she has an IPad to take our orders but.... Let's see... we ordered Apps and Brats... And they all came out together... We had no silverware and when I asked for some we got 1 set for two people.. Our empty App baskets and our, subsequent, empty dinner baskets remained on our table until we left.... It was obvious that our server was just overwhelmed and service really suffered.. Would I go back on my next visit nah.....
4	As long as I have traveled to Madison, I have made a point to stop down and eat a bratwurst (or two) at State Street Brats.  Wisconsin has a strong German heritage, and it's only appropriate that one of the best brats can be found a mile from the State Capitol.  It's a great place to start an evening of drinking on State Street.You have a few choices of brats, red or white, and I suggest you add the waffle fries or cheese curds as a compliment.  The cheese curds are great by themselves too...yum! The waitstaff seemed non-existent, so we ordered from the bar.  The food was ready in about 10 minutes...prices, very reasonable.  They have a great assortment of toppings...a handful of mustard, sauerkraut, and even mayo for the fries in a bar toward the center of the downstairs eating area.After eating a few brats and drinking some brews, head out and turn right to head toward some other bars...but make your way back here later on, since they open a dance floor upstairs...with a bar in one corner serving PBR taps for cheap.  State Street Brats, it's quintessential Wisconsin.  It'd be fun to see what this place looks like on a Packer or Badger game day.
3	Take it for what it is. Great for drinks, horrible food.Don't order food. Seriously.  If you do, stick with fries, onion rings, or any other items that you are okay with being frozen and re-heated.  Don't expect good/edible food. 99% of it is terrible.That being said, it's a bar.  The place doesn't claim to be a gourmet restaurant.  They have a decent beer selection, great drink specials, and offer a fun environment for watching sports.  I don't think you can fairly label the crowd one way or another. Sure, on a Friday or Saturday night it is probably filled with frat guys and other drunk State Street patrons.  However, during the week and for big games, the crowd has plenty of adults and business persons.Overall, I would recommend State Street Brats for a convenient place to meet up and grab a beer or catch a Badger's game.  But definitely do not go here for a meal - you will be sorely disappointed.  Appreciate Brats for what it is: FUN drinking atmosphere filled with dedicated Wisconsin sports fans.
3	If you are from out of town and are looking for a place to catch up with your cities sports teams, this is a good place to check out.  Expect the typical bar fare, brats, wings, fries etc...   They have a good amount of flat screen tvs so you can see the action from any vantage point. It is also relatively inexpensive.
5	Great Brats!
2	This spot seems like a good place to cut loose on a saturday night. The lunch service sucked on a Sunday afternoon. There was only 1 waitress and getting anything took forever. Also, when we got our food, no one told us there was a condiment bar inside. We all sat there like giant babies eating plain brats and burgers. Eventually, the waitress came around again when we were almost done and told us that someone should have told us about the condiment bar.As a side note, what's up with Madison allowing weirdo transients to set up shop wherever they want? I understand its a rough economy and people have to do what they have to do to get by, but right outside the patio area, some homeless dude posted up, started playing some bongo drums and yelling at passerbys about how people need to give him money. This was going on for at least 1/2 an hour and no one (restaurant manager maybe?) seemed to care about it. No one wants to hear some awful dude yelling and banging a drum while they are trying to eat their plain brats.
4	what you would expect to find.  Fries were not greasy.  Sausages were typical.  Local beers available.
4	Yummy, yummy cheap red or white brats... Takes a while to cook on the grill as they didn't have any already grilling when I went. They didn't charge me for soda either. My companion says the beer is pretty tasty too...Great, friendly service by the bar staff.
4	College is definitely getting back into town because the pubs are getting much more lively.  I couldn't pass up the cheese curds and they didn't disappoint. The atmosphere was fun and exactly what I was looking for tonight.
5	hello people this is a bar that has a limited menu . . . what are you expecting!  they offer tasty brats, burgers and appetizers for a low price.  the staff was friendly and talkative.  the establishment was clean, trendy and just the right volume level of noise so that you can still talk to friends without screaming.i came here based on a recommendation from a friend who was a local and to try the man vs food challenge.  this meal was ginormous.  dont be fooled by the description online, this was way way larger than described.the sourdough bread was absolutely delicious.  you couldnt find a better tasting bread in san francisco if you tried.  the burgers and brats were delicious, juicy and plenty of taste.  the cheese curds had the perfect light breading and the french fries are beer battered for a fantastic crunch.  this challenge is large enough to feed 3 normal people or 2 giants.thumbs up all the way and if i am ever back in madison, then i will be attempting this challenge once again just to get a sample of all the food they offer.  loved everything about this place!
3	Cool spot, if you can find a seat! We got lucky and walked right in on Saturday (game day) and found a spot. Apparently their known for their brats, hence the name, but I don't care for brats so I ordered a cheeseburger...wish I would have ordered a brat! Burger was not good fries and the atmosphere were great.
4	Ah State Street Brats. I've had many a curd and cocktail at this bar. Each one more delicious than the last. Staff is friendly and efficient and the place (overall) is kept pretty clean considering how busy it gets. Don't expect gourmet eats and drinks at this place, but expect to have a great time with your buds, likely watching Badger sports. As mentioned their food is standard 'Sconnie bar fare - burgers, brats, cheese curds, etc. Word to the wise - get the curds. In my humble opinion they serve up some of the best in the area. In terms of drinks, the menu is pretty vast and you can always score a cheap pitcher of Spotted Cow or a Rose Bowl if you're feeling adventurous. With two levels, a great patio, plenty of seating and TV's (plus a wooden cow upstairs), Brats is prime for many great Badger games to come.
4	You don't go here for the food, you go for the huge amount of televisions and variety in drinks.This is one of the few bars where my boyfriend, who can't eat gluten or wheat, can get an awesome bottled beer (Bard's Tale, a sorgum stout).  You can also find a wide variety of taps, liquors and they have many specials.Lots of good places to sit, this is where I would go for big games, like the superbowl or FIFA world cup.  However, the food isn't great.  HOWEVER, compared to other places with bar food and such, it's a very good price.  At buffalo wild wings, the wings are much better but almost twice the price.  You get ten wings at state street brats for $6, which isn't bad.  Burgers are okay, probably the best thing on the menu are the cheese curds or waffle fries (but they're not called waffle fries).Anyways, don't come real hungry. :)
3	short menu, which is cool if ya want a burger or brat and a brew. Thought the brat was good and the beer cold. YOUNG crowd, thought the female bartender was a bit rude that being said had a good time watching the Bama / LSU game.
4	I liked this bar a lot. Anywhere that has cheese curds & corn dogs for cheap is a win-win for me. Lots of places to sit, good music all night & a fun crowd. Great service as well.  I wish the weather would have been nicer because it looks like they have a great patio.
4	This brought me back to my college days, even waited in line to get in! We just came for a drink so I grabbed a spotted cow, took in the scene, and had a great night of it. It wasn't overly packed but a good amount of people, everyone having fun and being social. That's what it's all about, right? ;)
5	If getting a beer opt for the "Sconnie Beer" - same price as Bud/Miller/PBR but better and local
3	When in Madison, we knew we had to come to Brats... it was where M's stepmom had her first sip of alcohol ever. She recalled a particular shot and said that she almost spit it out all over the bar. So naturally, we wanted to take shots in her honor.We walked in and named the shot and the bartender looked at us like we were insane. So we just ordered a whiskey and a beer and sat quietly ashamed. For a bro bar, it's a pretty cool place. Free popcorn, cheap food, good service. The beer selection wasn't amazing but I'm sure it has what all the college kids want.
2	Stopping through Madison...It's a solid establishment. Free popcorn, cheap food, decent service. Nothing spectacular.
4	You gotta sit down stairs, order from the bar, and enjoy! Get a Sconnie beer and some brats! (Red or white, both good!)
4	As a visitor to Madison, I wanted to get some sports on, so headed down State St. and found this gem of a spot. It's obvious that on Labor Day Monday the only people here were college kids, but I loved everything about the bar/restaurant - decorations, TVs everywhere, Green Bay Packer schedule and the massive condiments cart with what I would call mustard heaven! I had some sconnie beers (Ale Asylum Hopalicious and Capital Island Wheat) and a yummy white brat. In Germany the white brats (weisswursts) are everywhere, and I totally miss them in North America, so it was nice to have a taste of home, in Madison of all places. The cheese curds are not cheap, but tasted kind of rubbery. Not too bad for my first experience, but nothing to call home about.Come here if you don't mind a sticky floor, cheap food, and a totally amazing sports vibe. I bet on a game night this place is impossible to get in!
4	Being from Texas I figured I would try a Wisconsin Brat on NFL football Sunday. White Brat was superb. Mustard and all the toppings you can put on yourself. The roll the Brat came on was soft and did not over power the flavor of the sausage.Wanted to sit outside on a 70 degree september day. Seems to be a free for all. No hostess or seating plan. Ended up ordering at the bar. Bartender brought food out to me. Waitresses seem to be lost. House was full of New England fans seems unsual for the home of the Packers. I will return for another Brat it was that good
2	Eh.  That is all this place gets.  I REALLY thought it was supposed to be something fabulous.  I was just not a fan of the brats there.  I know that there is not just one kind of brat, but I just do not like them.  They smelled terrible, some of them looked terrible.I think this place is all hype.  I think the service went well and the people were friendly.  However, I am just not impressed.There are so many other yummy places and places easier to get to.  Since this is on State Street, the parking options are obviously terrible.If I had lower expectations this place might have gotten another star out of me.
3	This place is alright. A lot of TVs, so you'll definitely be able to catch your game. The food itself is mediocre, though the condiments bar is great. If you like spicy, add some Arizona Heat to your food. It'll make everything that much better.A bit too grimy for my tastes though.
2	Was working and didn't have much time to waste on eating, so we decided to run in here for some brats. The place was pretty empty but apparently it was "football night" so they were on their "football menu" which was pretty small but had brats which was what I was going for so YAY. I got the white brat and wanted to get a side of cheese curds (...I've still NEVER had cheese curds. Ever.) Apparently they can't do a small side of cheese curds on football night, although it's probably good that this wasn't my first try at them. So I got some onion rings. We also got "chicken wings" but didn't realize it said boneless. The brat ended up being pretty...megh. There's a bar to add toppings to the brat which was completely gross/dirty/old looking. For some reason I still decided to add some sauerkraut to my brat. It was pretty damn gross. All of the mustard bottles were all sticky. The onion rings were surprisingly good. The onion inside actually tasted like onion, not like some fried string and was juicy. The "chicken wings" were like little fried crunchy dough balls with tiny little pieces of chicken. I get it that boneless chicken wings are kind of like small chicken nuggets but this was just ridiculous...you can get better boneless chicken wings at BDubs...
2	Blah, not so good. My mom was in town and we were looking for somewhere to eat on State St. Wanted to find a place with cheese curds. We stumbled across State St. Brats and it was ok.Cheese curds were less than stellar. The brats were ok. I do like the toppings bar, but that was probably the highlight of the meal.The outdoor seating area is cool, especially with the cows!
4	Great food and atmosphere. Small portion for the price though...
3	I haven't been here in twenty years.  While in town for a Badger game and walk down memory lane, my husband came here to watch the Packer game on Sunday before returning home.We sat at the bar and and the $4.50 huge cups of beer was a fantastic deal.  Two beers did me for the whole game.  Couldn't tell you the ounces.  But they were big, a little foamy but bigBut I have to say, the service was pretty sad.  As we were looking straight at the kitchen we could see food sitting for quite awhile before it went out.  And while the women wait staff seemed to be running around quite a bit, the men just stood there.  There was popcorn all over the floor and they weren't even serving popcorn.  Still, noone seemed interested in cleaning it up.  When one guy asked to have his table wiped off, the bartender handed him a towel.  That was the general apathy.  Oh and then when a guy ordered a boot that she said cost $16, the customer gave her a $20 and she didn't give change back.  That was the same waitress who handed the customer the towel.  But then again, at least she was doing something - the men including the guy who I think was the manager, seemed to be doing nothing.My husband and I were actually a little apprehensive about ordering food after witnessing all this mismanagement.  But I'm glad we did because the fried cheese curds were yummy.  And the tv was right in front of us so it was fine, mostly because it was cheap.
5	I am giving five stars to help out weigh the lowers. This is a four star bar and brat place. Great food and selection of beer. If you wanna hang out, drink, and watch sports, come here.
4	Great with the Yelp $10 for $20 deal. Otherwise, it's just okay.
3	My friend and I split the Cheddar Head Red Brat and an order of cheese curds.  The brat was solid - tasty and satisfying, but not as delicious as the one I had at Oktoberfest in Germany (but really, what would be that delicious?!).  The cheese curds were yummy, but then again I've never met a cheese curd I didn't like.On a random note, the bathroom seriously gave me the creeps.  Not sure why.  I was the only one in there, but I felt like I was being watched, and I had a lot of pressure/tightness in my chest that lifted as soon as I walked out the bathroom door. Anyone know if this place is haunted or something????
4	I think State Street Brats is a pretty decent place to enjoy some brats and cheese curds downtown. While their cheese curds don't quite compare to some other establishments around town, they'll definitely suffice. I love the selection in brats and burgers that are available and try to select a new item each time I go. Never have been disappointed yet!! Perhaps the Yelp deal aided in my great review but where else can you feed two adults for 10.98 anymore??
3	Found myself hungry  in madison one night and while walking around downtown I heard a ton of cheers,laughter and fun going on so I followed the sounds to this spot. I didn't realize how close I was to the state college!! I ordered some local brew and the  cheesehead red. Now I've had brats in WI before so I know what's good and what isn't. While I enjoyed the red I will say that I have had better (and worse). I did enjoy the energy and eating outdoors too. I'd go back but next time I'm getting the cheese curds.
4	Great beers, great food, great crowd of students, parents and alumni when we stopped by. Glad to see it's still the same after over 20 years. Except for the name. It used to be the Brathaus when I was a freshman but changed to State Street Brats before I graduated.
2	State Street Brats has a lively atmosphere and looks to be a magnet for the Wisconsin college crowd, and that's gotta be a plus in some ways. But in other ways (i.e. the food), they don't have all that much going for them. My "signature" brat was stiff and overcooked, served with a smattering of cold waffle fries. Not recommended.
3	This is a very typical college bar. All orders are taken inside at the bar. They have some decent food, including typical bar fare like fries, burgers, and hot dogs. The waffle fries are decent, the flatbread pizza was pretty good, and the spicy fried cheese curds are tasty, albeit greasy. There is an outdoor patio for seating, which is preferred over the interior. They have an interesting "stock exchange" of sorts, which changes the prices of beer pitchers based on which have been in higher demand that day. It is an interesting and fun idea. You can expect it to be relatively empty during the day and completely packed with partying college students at night. If you are looking for the midwestern college town bar experience and have some friends along, this is a good place to check out.
4	Another great staple of Madison that is a must try. Food is very good and beer is of course good. You can get free popcorn for the table. Order food and drinks at the bar and they bring it out to you.The outside seating area is awesome too in both summer and fall. A must try if you are going through Madison.
4	Came here around midnight-ish on a Friday night because as a Purdue student I wanted to hit up some UW Madison college bars. This place was nice- good crowd, good service, good music, and good specials. No complaints.I liked the indoor and outdoor seating arrangements with the dance area upstairs. I'd come back during the day to try the restaurant food here as well.
2	I mean, I guess it's sort of a Madison Institution, right?Brats are basic, no-frills, and mediocre at best. You're much better going to another place that serves quality, local cuisine. Cheese curds are on par with Culver's...which is saying something (and not a good something, I might add). Fries are curly and pretty tasty.Beer is pretty pricey for a Madison dive. Service is always excellent, bartenders nice. Cool outdoor patio. Food quality and prices makes this a 2 star joint, but it's important to note the service--which is, as said before, always great.
1	State Street Brats sucks. Normally, I hate to be so blunt in a review but that essentially sums up my SSB "experience". Very dimly lit sports bar with over priced, overcooked food. Important to note, they cook the burgers well done, unless you specify otherwise. Brats taste little different than you'd get from a gas station. Always heard good things about this place. Not impressed.
2	Don't go here unless you are 21 and under! (Or, don't care how food tastes.)My husband and I were very hungry one night and this was one of the only places open on State Street.  The plastic cows outside looked pretty inviting, so we thought why not?The food is gross.  Even though it's a sit down restaurant, the food is on par with a fast food joint like Wendy's or Culver's (but of course, way more expensive to pay for the ambiance of 3,000 TVs adorning the walls).  Also note: they change their menu for late night (which I think is after 9p), making the selection a lot smaller (so don't go expecting anything more than chicken tenders or a burger made by the bartender).If you just want to hit this place up for a beer and/or catch a game on one of the flat screens, I think this place would do.  Of course, I can imagine it being super packed when UW plays and I am too old for large numbers of people crammed into a tiny space :)
4	Tell me I am crazy, I did not consume any brats during the time I was here.  WHAT!I will say that the cheese curds are pure delicious cheesey goodness, their bloody mary's are above par for a packed college bar in the morning, and their service was great.The location is prime... this is some perfect people watching here.  Stamp of approval.
2	What used to be a Madison tradition for college students and those looking for a fun gameday place has become an atrocious dump.I went there last Sunday with my wife to watch some football on their big screens upstairs, and boy did it not take long to make us leave.  For starters, we went to the bar upstairs to order some drinks and food, only to have the bartender be fairly rude and gruff when we asked questions.  He looked like a normal college-aged guy, but apparently he must have been hungover or something because he just didn't want to provide any kind of service what so ever.After paying for the food, my wife went back up to ask if they put a charge hold on the card because she remembered this from her time at college there, and it turned out they did.  I had no idea about this, and the bartender never mentioned it before I paid.  So it turns out, they put a charge on your card for FIFTY DOLLARS if you pay for anything with it.  The reason is to "make sure you have money in your account".  It's now four days later, and that charge is still sitting on my bank account, tying up money I could have used for other things.During this whole process, I was obviously a bit upset but I was calm about it because we wanted to just watch the games and have a good time.  Sadly, the volume on their speakers was set for Rave level, and I was going deaf from the noise level rather than being able to have a conversation and watch the game.  There were literally five people in the place, so I don't understand what they were gearing up for.  One of the big TVs was on ESPN while the other one was on the game, so I went up and asked if they could change it to one of the other football games that was on.  The bartender said it's going to happen (again gruffly), and eventually changed it to a game.We finally got our food.  What used to be some of the best Madison Cheese Curds are now some over processed orange heap of nuked badness.  My burger looked like it had come out of a turnstyle vending machine.  Neither of the items tasted any better.Got up and left at this point, won't be back again unless I'm really really really drunk.  Which, granted, is probably the only time it's worth patronizing this pile of an establishment.
4	Madison is so beautiful. This place is a must-stop if ever visiting or driving through the area. Try a red brat with onions and relish, and don't forget to grab a UW newspaper!
3	This is a college bar, if you are looking for something quiet, go else where, if you are looking for something super clean and nice, go else where. If however you are looking for a fun, somewhat divey bar with awesome amounts of greasy fried food, you have found heaven. The prices are great, the amount of food you get is great, and if you looking for a good time this place is great.What I would recommend:Cheese Curds - no self respecting Wisconsin bar can mess this up but holy crap these were good curds.The Curd Burger - I had trouble moving after this but soooo worth it. A cheese burger with cheese curds and onion rings on it, what more could you ask for?The Brats - both white and red, or both, they are great, brats is in the name of the bar for a reason.
3	This place is a solid three+.  I have so many wonderful memories of this place from going here when my kids went to school in Madison (Madtown)!!  Their white brat is the bomb and they make a great chicken sandwich.  I'm not into burgers so I really can't comment on those but I assume they are good because there is always a crowd there whenever we go, and, some of those people must be eating burgers.  There is a condiment bar where you can dress up your sandwich in whatever manner you'd like.  Also, lots of TV's to watch whatever sports show you are up for - meh!It is right on State Street which is the main drag between the Capital and the Campus, kind of like an abbreviated eat street in Mpls.  Lots of communal seating at high top tables but also some booths along a couple walls.  If you like brats - especially white ones - you'll like this place.
4	The brats here are great!
3	Shhh... don't tell my host that I'm a little disappointed this is where she choose to take me for lunch on my first trip to Maddison! The Brats are really not great, I got the Red Brat that 'Alumni Love' and I've had better brats at a tailgate! Brat had no extraordinary flavor and the bun was blah.Though I did love the decor in this bar, the beer selection, the mustard/condiments bar, the plethora of tv's and the nice nice people! I can see how this would be a fun place to come as a college student!
4	A staple on state street. White brat, red brat and cheese curds all very good. Fun atmosphere to chill and have some drinks.
2	Ohhhh man. I hate writing this, but I had a bummer of an experience here. My husband and I stopped in before a Badger men's hockey game to grab dinner & beer. The beer was good - of course, but my burger came out entirely raw. And that's coming from a woman who likes my steaks rare & enjoys beef tartar. A burger should be at least warm in the middle, right? Anyway, we didn't have time to send it back to be cooked by the time I noticed that it was raw (I ate my fries first, of course), so they did own up to the mistake and didn't charge us for the burger.Now, I'm not saying I'll never go back here - it's the perfect pre-game place - but I'll make sure my burger is cooked as soon as I get it!!
4	The red brat + waffle fries is the way to go! Definitely a great setting to watch a UW game and also a great place to dance when out on the weekends!
3	We went here after the Shamrock shuffle for green beer and food. Overall it was a near place and the food was fine. I had a cheeseburger which was ok, my son had the kids hot dog which he enjoyed (at it was huge by the way), my boyfriend had a red brat and we shared cheese curds. They weren't running their normal deliver to the table service due to the event. Overall the prices were good and I'd go back after a race to meet with friends. If I'm looking for really good food, there are many better choices. Would be tempted to give a 3.5 but I had to clear my own glasses and trash off the table so I won't bump it to a four.
1	Food is okay if your in a hurry. But  at night it's just another bro bar filled with drunken douches and attention starved college girls.I wrote this years ago- It just reminded me to post it.
5	SSB, you did not disappoint. After consulting Yelp and some of the fine folks of Madison, I moseyed on over, arriving around 10:30 on a Thursday. Glad I did. I ended up dancing the night away with new drunken friends and getting hammered on the cheap drinks offered here. The bartenders were like booze-bots who placed alcohol in my hand in under twenty seconds, which was amazing considering the place was jam-packed with degenerate alcoholics such as myself. Everyone was so friendly as well. It made the night fly by. I will be back the next time I'm in Madison.
3	My best friend and I decided to escape Chicagoland for the weekend and head to Madison. After completing a tour of the state capital we asked where to go for lunch to get a authentic Wisconsin experience. Having already been to some more expensive restaurants in the area we decided on State Street Brats.I was able to indulge myself with a brat and cheese curds while my friend got a chicken sandwich. The food was ok nothing spectacular. It is a typical bar on a large college campus. I will be back to Madison but next time will try to avoid the whole State St crowd.
5	Located smack dab in the epicenter of food, folks and fun, on the UW-Madison campus, Brats delights with ample table space, an outdoor patio and the best curds and red brats anywhere.
3	I must admit that I tend to avoid this bar like the plague when school is in session. It is usually packed to the gills with noisy, drunk undergrads that make me crazy. However, during the summer, I occasionally show up there for a guilty pleasure: red brats with cross cut fries. Pretty tasty, unhealthy as he'll, but what the hey? They have a pretty average beer selection, and I probably wouldn't come here much at all except for one thing: upstairs there is an entire wall covered with high definition TVs. This place is an awesome place to watch a game. The best time I have ever had there was during the 2006 World Cup: I went here to cheer for Brazil and was pleasantly surprised to find the upper level full of Samba dancing Brazilians complete with drum line. So this place is now a go to option for me when watching World Cup games.
5	State Street Brats is a necessary stop for long time residents and passers-through alike.If you are looking for somewhere to watch a sporting event, big or small, look no further than Brats.  It is by far the best sports bar in one if the best sports cities in the country.The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and quick.  All of the beers on tap (except for Guinness) are brewed right here in Wisconsin.  They also feature the red brat, which I was told by one of the bartenders is a Brats' exclusive.Be sure to stop in on Tuesday nights for flip night. The bartender flips a coin and if you call the flip right, it is 75% off of your order! One of the best drink specials I have found in Madison!I have visited 30+ bars in Madison, and Brats will forever be near the top of my list.
4	I have spent many, many drunken nights here. I love the outdoor seating. It's usually the only place I favor the outdoors over the indoors. The inside tends to be a little too loud for my tastes. I like having conversation while drinking and usually I can barely hear anyone inside. I love going here in the summer or during winter break when there are less frat guys. I generally don't like the crowd when school is in. Of course the only reason to go here is progressive night. If you're looking for anything other than to get drunk quickly and cheaply then this place probably isn't for you. The rails are ok, but obviously not the best. I've found the Red Bull and vodka, pineapple juice and vodka, and screw drivers (in that order) to be the best. As far as the food (fries, cheese curds, etc.) goes I've never gotten any except when I was incredibly drunk. Drunk me liked it a lot. Drunk me also thinks Denny's tastes really good. So take that however you want.Honorable mention to the staff who put up with the drunk people. They're usually nice despite the customer base. I've only ever had one bad bartender and I don't think she works there any more.
4	Apparently there are two State Street Brat listing on Yelp? I'll just copy paste my other review.I have spent many, many drunken nights here. I love the outdoor seating. It's usually the only place I favor the outdoors over the indoors. The inside tends to be a little too loud for my tastes. I like having conversation while drinking and usually I can barely hear anyone inside. I love going here in the summer or during winter break when there are less frat guys. I generally don't like the crowd when school is in. Of course the only reason to go here is progressive night. If you're looking for anything other than to get drunk quickly and cheaply then this place probably isn't for you. The rails are ok, but obviously not the best. I've found the Red Bull and vodka, pineapple juice and vodka, and screw drivers (in that order) to be the best. As far as the food (fries, cheese curds, etc.) goes I've never gotten any except when I was incredibly drunk. Drunk me liked it a lot. Drunk me also thinks Denny's tastes really good. So take that however you want.Honorable mention to the staff who put up with the drunk people. They're usually nice despite the customer base. I've only ever had one bad bartender and I don't think she works there any more.
2	I was here a couple of years ago, and it was pretty good. However, I just returned...and was sorry that I did. The service was poor, the waffle fries were old/cold, and the brats were very dry. It really is my fault though, I still decided to visit this place even though I knew the ratings and reviews were poor on Yelp. No way I'd return.
3	I don't like places that make me go up to the bar to order. Seems to me that if you're a bar, be a bar. If you're going to serve food, at least send a waitress around or something. Making me go up to the bar means that if I have an issue or need a refill, I'm going to have to walk up to the bar and stand there like a chump for at least five minutes until the bartender gets to me.  Now, don't get me wrong--State Street Brats is a Madison institution, but that's exactly WHY they should up their game.I placed my order with a bored-looking college bro-type. He had an oversized headband on like he was hoping for the Bret Michaels tourbus to drop by. Really, Broseph?  This is the look you're going with?  Whatever, man...The bill was sort of reasonable, so I can't complain too much about price.  However, like just about everything on State Street, I will say that I thought the prices were a dollar or two more than they probably should have been.I ordered bacon cheddar cheese curds.  I think there should, BY FRIGGIN' LAW!, be a warning if the establishment uses prepacked, frozen curds--as State Street so clearly did with these.  I did not have their usual fried curds; maybe those are different, I don't know.  However, the bacon cheddar curds were mealy and gross.  This is Wisconsin. If you're using prepacked frozen curds, you need to let your customers know ahead of time so we don't waste money buying that crap.  I don't have a problem if you have to freeze your curds ahead of time--Deak's in Stoughton and Headquarters in Oregon do this, and they have the best curds in the area, hands down--but don't serve me cardboard-breaded, out-of-a-plastic bag curds. It's just not right. It's not fair. And as Wisconsinites in the Land of Cheese, we should not have to endure such atrocities.The red brat was good. The condiment bar was adequate. The cheeseburger my kid had was good--flame broiling for the win. There were enough sporting events playing on the dozen TVs in the joint that all of our bases were covered (golf, little league world series, funny car racing, etc...).  I don't think a positive or a negative review for this landmark is going to sway anyone from attending or not attending for a meal or three in their lifetime, but I know that I don't have a driving NEED to go to State Street Brats.  I'd rather walk a block east and go to Five Guys for a burger.  But, maybe if they stop serving crappy prepack cheese curds, I'll be more of a regular customer.
3	Good food,  this was a quick lunch for us.  Great looking sports bar,  the only negative was toy have to order and pay at the bar.
2	This is a great place to watch a football game in a rowdy, loud and fun environment. It's an epic college sports bar with a legacy I'm sure. That being said, I expected cheese curd glory to happen here and it didn't. I guess my standard are a little higher no longer being in college and having a more refined palate when it comes to beer, food and libations. State street has a lot to offer I guess I just need to continue on until I find the right fit.
1	Extremely rude staff. I went there last night and got a boot, which is PLASTIC and requires a $20 cash deposit. I paid the $20, got the boot, and when I tried to give it back to get my money back they claimed that they didn't have it. I watched him pin it up on the wall, but apparently he put it in the wrong spot so that's somehow my fault? I asked them how I could have possibly gotten the boot without paying the $20 and they had no answer other than to say they would check the bartender's tip jar. Funny thing was, it was the SAME bartender that sold me the boot to begin with. I had to argue with the bartender and I believe his boss (?) to get MY money back and they kicked ME out? Will never be returning here.
1	I'm in from out of town and wanted to watch the Buffalo game while having lunch. I walked up to the bar and asked if it was on anywhere, was told no. I asked if they could put it on one of their many TVs and was again told no because the manager said the TVs were staying on the games they are already on. Now the place was not full by any means and I could have easily had the game out on one of the small TVs. But not even double checking is just lazy and terrible customer service. So here I am literally around the corner at Buffalo Wild Wings instead and I will be very reluctant to try them again over the next few weeks while I am here.
4	Swung by this place while I was up in Madison for work, and I had a red cheddar brat which I really enjoyed (except for the fact that whatever the hot sauce was that I had picked to throw on top of it was super salty -- next time, I'll skip the sauce altogether)!  The brat itself was tasty, and the bun was light. I came by this place in the middle of the afternoon, so there wasn't a lot going on, but I was digging the divey atmosphere and could definitely see this as a cool spot to hit up on the weekends.
4	When I think of State Street, this is the place that comes to mind. Never had a bad time here. However (there is always a however), there should be televisions outside for watching whatever games are on. Also, there should be at least a beer "person" outside to avoid the lines inside (if that's legal). Free popcorn is always nice, but there should be one also on the second floor.
4	Typical college feel bar. This place is huge. I like how the bartender let me try a buncha things before ordering. The cheese curds are delicious, location close to Memorial Park. I would imagine it's a great place to watch sports.
3	This bar is what you'd expect it to be for being in the heart of a football obsessed, college town. It was crowded and loud. The food was average. I suggest trying the cheese curds, but staying away from the chicken sandwich. It had ZERO taste. The decor was festive and they had tons of flat screen tvs. They have a great selection of beer and a full bar. The prices were reasonable. Meh.
2	Stopped by for a quick sandwich and beer before the Badger game last night. Ordered the steak sandwich, which came on a hot dog bun. Really? Server did not ask how I wanted the steak done or if I wanted anything on it, either. The fries were good, but the server didn't present or offer to get any condiments. We had to go find them. New Glarus beers were on special Wednesday nights, which is great. I won't go out of my way to go here again. Back to the Big Ten Pub for me for game day.
3	Stopped by for some cheese curds and so far these are the best ones I've had in the area. Nice and crispy!!! (soggy = yucky).On the down side, ordering at the bar is kind of a bummer if it is super busy and it will be if sports are in town. In that same vein, it is a bar first I would say so its not the best atmosphere for kids unless you can get one of the outside seating areas which also doubles to not make the place nearly as loud.
4	I like Brats a lot for watching sports/hanging out with friends. The bartenders are pros and they make a pretty decent bloody mary (my general standard for bar quality). I wish the food was better though. Brats is not known for their food, so I didn't have high expectations, but even so I was pretty bummed about my dry, flavorless burger. My friends assure me, however that you can't go wrong with the chicken tenders, so I guess we'll see for next time.
2	2 and 4 stars. There's no value in them. If a place is a four that means it's better than most, but there are specifically designated spots that are better. I'm not taking home silver, ok? But if a place is a two that means it's moderately bad. It's obviously not good. It's probably actively bad. But the 2 star gives it a special designation that neither 3 nor 1 stars gives it. There are better basic bars. This is boring.To be honest, I'd rather come to this bar than other bro college bars. To be honest, I'd much rather go to some other bro college bars than this bar. It's just middle of the road bro-ey and college-ey. Sometimes friends or family or pretty girls will want to go here, and you know, that'll sway me more than any dumb opinion I've ever formed. But I don't want my memories of Madison to be, "I won a bunch of cheap drinks at flip night and that's how I met your mom."You all have a friend who has done that. Maybe two of them. They might be in love. Think about how nice those friends are. I'm sure they're really, really nice.This may seem like an indictment of all college bars in Madison, and maybe it is. To be honest, I haven't stepped foot in this spot for years, so I don't even really know. But if you feel so compelled to read a review of this historic institution, I do have a few questions do pose to you. Where do the musicians hang out? The grad students? The aspiring politicians or theater kids? The kids that rap or throw paint on walls? I don't mean where do you see them, because of course you'll see them here. They're all pretty much bullied to come here, and they don't like any other spot in this city enough to complain that this place is not as cool.
