2	The Island theme for the restaurant is really in name only. As far as I can tell they do not have any real Island food, unless you can count burgers. They did have veggie patties (for those vegetarian/vegans out there), but it's nothing that you can't get at the frozen food section at the local supermarket. I have to say I was massively disappointed in the food, though the nice thing is BJ's Brewhouse is just a few short steps away and it has a much more varied selection of good food and beer. Save yourself and just hit that place up instead.
5	How would you like to put your mouth over the best burgers in town.  Yes.  I said it.  It's the best burgers I've had in such a long time.  This beats Red Robbin, In&Out, and the small mom and pop shop burgers I've had in my entire life.Last night, mom and my step-dad decided to take the family out for dinner.  Instead of going to a buffet or a Mexican Restaurant in a casino like we normally do I suggested this spot since we had a variety of ages in our group.  There were 10 of us so I was hoping to get a huge table for all of us to fit in.  We were unlucky since the table they suggested fit nine.  "Oh hell naw!  I want some elbow room dammit!!!"  I looked at their restaurant lay out on the hostess's desk and noticed there was two open tables side by side.  I pointed it out to the hostess and said that would be fine.  So, we had the kiddy table of 5 and adult table of 5.  It definitely worked out well.Looking around at the restaurant, the whole theme was definitely Hawaiian.  There were Bamboo huts and the lighting had a red and yellow feel to it.  I guess it almost felt like I was in a setting of a sunset/sunrise beach waterfront.  The good thing is that it was clean, the host persons were nice, and our server was also helpful.  He knew his menu very well and gave suggestions quickly.  The seats were very comfortable and each booth can comfortably seat 6.  Unless you get a bigger table that can seat 9.  The decorations clearly gave a distinct sense of being in a restaurant shack in Hawaii where all the tourists would probably go to order some burgers and fries.Now, two thumbs up for awesome service and mad patience with all of us since we took a short minute to order.  Plus my cousin gave back the Passion Ice Tea and had the server replace it for Strawberry Lemonade.  For appetizers, we ordered TORTILLA CHIPS & SALSA which was bland.  I wouldn't recommend this since it was boring.  We also ordered SPINACH ARTICHOKE DIPChopped spinach and artichoke hearts mixed w/ sauted onion & garlic in a creamyalfredo sauce served w/ fresh chips and salsa.  This was just okay too.  Just be careful because it's really hot when they place it on the table.  Give it time to breath and cool down before dipping in to it.  Another appetizer we ordered were CHEDDAR FRIES Islands fries w/melted cheddar & scallions.  This we scarfed down.  I wasn't sure if it was just out of starvation before we got it but I thought it was pretty good.  Yes, the moment of truth... BURGERS!!!!  I was so excited my mouth was definitely salivating.  The burger I chose to eat last night was HAWAIIAN - Pineapple, teriyaki sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion, swiss & mayo.  But, I had them grill the onions and added the seasoned onion strings to top it off.  I know there's already enough flavors to it but what can I say.  My eyes got bigger than my mouth and stomach.  The flavors combined were just magical, the onions with the pineapple, teriyaki sauce all just danced on my tongue.  I am so amazed with this burger I would come back by myself just to order it over and over again.  As for my cousins, they ordered the MAUI - Guacamole, lettuce, tomato, swiss & mayo which was also good.  But, I think because my burger had an overpowering mixture of flavors anything else couldn't beat it.  The other burger that was also good was the HULA - Sauted mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, swiss & mayo.  This burger was pretty good if you like mushrooms.  What did we learn today?  Host persons were helpful and friendly.Servers were very prompt and quick to make suggestions.Restaurant was clean.Appetizers were so good.Burgers are to die for.And I would come back for more.
3	May be a "Fine Burger" place, but I had the Fish Tacos. I didn't even notice a burger on any of the tables. But I wasn't paying that much attention. https://www.islandsrestaurants.com/img/top/menu.pngService was spot on!! Right on top of it.The Tacos (qnty.3) were fine. A bit oily. One of the folks I was with commented "not as tasty as I remember". It was what I believe was a just a piece of Cod. They were worthy. "Curb Side" Take-Out orders available (order online). Designated parking spots around back for your "Curb Side"orders. Which I don't know about how well the fish tacos might handle that.Genuine simulated Bamboo and Palm details. Not a big room, seats maybe 100 max. Sort of an enclosed Bar straight in as you enter. I somehow ended parking in the "back" (next to the take-out spots) walked in the door I saw. Ends up a rather adventurous walk to get to my party who were seated inside of the Bar space. Picture a square inside of a square type Maze cluttered like Gilligan's Island and you entered the wrong way.I'd go back. But not sure I'd shout out "lets go to Island's" if in a group looking for a place to eat. Now if I was staying at Red Rock Casino Hotel and I wanted to leave the grounds, Island's is right across the street.The staff was genuine and friendly. Didn't miss a beat! And again Online Ordering https://www.islandsrestaurants.com/takeout/TakeOut1.aspx  to make life easier, like living on "the Islands""Mainlanders Welcome"Multiple SoCal locations, Sacramento area (2), Arizona, Colorado, and Hawaii. http://www.islandsrestaurants.com/about/SearchResult.aspx
2	I don't really eat red meat outside of the family farm, so is it really fair to critique a burger joint when I didn't try a burger? Screw you, here's my review anyways. Bf was craving a big burger and he figures I'm from the islands, might as well take me back. What islands this joint mimics, I'm not sure. But I don't think its the Hawaiian islands. Maybe the Florida Keys. The place is decorated like a Jimmy Buffet song. It pretty gross. The service was friendly enough. Our waitress was attentive and polite. They're located right next to Palo Verde High School so at around 2p, a bunch or under-aged waitstaff waltzes in. Yes, young waitress snatch. Bf normally tries the wings where ever he goes. Its his barometer of overall quality. My barometer would be the fries. More on that later. The wings were $9 for a basket. I said the basket better be pretty big and made of gold for $9 and change. The wings were standard buffalo wings with that buttery, vinegary orange glaze, served with ranch and carrot and celery sticks. On his second wing, he bit into a cool spot. Quality control much? The menu items are hokey "island"ish names like the Hula burger, the Kilauea burger, the Hawaiian ... The Maui burger comes with quacamole. Um ... is Mexico an island now? They also have a Kaanapali [sic. Should be Ka'anapali, with okina] Kobb, a cobb salad. There was absolutely nothing Hawaiian about it. I ordered a Hula burger on wheat, like a mushroom swiss + extra charge for avocado ($8 + 1). My favorite thing about this place is that they'll substitute any beef patty with a veggie patty, free of charge. They also sub chicken breast burgers for +$1. Bf ordered a Kilauea burger ($8). He wanted his burger rare, but our waitress told us they don't go less than medium. Hold the phone. Why is this? It takes less effort to cook a burger rare. Because you cook it less. So why in Zeus' name can't they cook it less? We didn't make a big deal, beyond the Zeus speech and he just got it medium. When I looked at his burger, I couldn't tell the difference between the wheat bread and the thoroughly-cooked beef. Brown brown brown. My burger was good. But if you screw up a veggie burger, you need to kill yourself. My burger smelled so buttery. The butter from my sauteed mushrooms soaked into the top bun. The whole thing was mushy from the moisture of the mushrooms, the mayo, and veggie patty ... and it was wonderful. There's a part of me that enjoys mushy burgers. I ended up having to eat it with a knife and fork in the end. Its like the middle of the cinnamon bun, all messy, but that's where the biggest concentration of flavor is. Oh, yeah, and I eat my burgers in concentric circles. The fries. A travesty to fried foods. They were like greenish. They were thicker than shoestring and flavorless and dry. But they're not cooked in lard and have no trans fats. Honestly, if I'm eating fries, they better be cooked in lard and taste like pig guts and I don't care about the trans fats. They're french fries goddamnit. Not jicama. There's a little table tent advertising about how their wonderful fries now come with the burgers. Because they can't sell them any more. They have to give them away. There were only two desserts, each $6. But we didn't bother because they looked super boring. One was a brownie with toppings. The other was fudge ice cream with toppings. Meh. The total before tip: $32. Gr.Oh. And "Fine" should be stricken from this establishment's name. * off the strip, non-casino
3	Burgers were nice an thick and juicy.  Didn't take advantage of the bottomless fries.  They were ok.  I preferred the red robin steak fries which aren't as hard. This place does have a lot more than burgers though.
2	Burgers are overrated here. Everything is pretty much ala carte which makes it pricey for a burger joint. I had the teriyaki burger and it was ok. Pineapple burger slathered in teriyaki sauce. Not bad just a little messy. Alright burgers for $$. I would not consider this a good deal.
3	I'm not a burger-fries-shake kind of person, however, Islands have delicious burgers and thick shakes.  I would recommend this place.
2	We tried this burger joint and I had ordered the chicken tacos, they come in either 2 or 3 with sides of guac and sour cream for extra if you like. My dish came with a side of beans and some salsa. It was just ok. My bf ordered a teriyaki burger but he didn't like it much. It seemed very soggy and the bread was not very good and it looked hard to eat and messy. He ended up having to use a fork and knife to eat it. The cool thing is the fries are endless. I liked the fries because they were thick and made from fresh potatoes, and you can order as many as you like! He also had the chocolate shake which was not bad. We also had buffalo wings for an appetizer and it was soso. We tried t mudslide dessert which was mocha, chocolate ice cream pie, yum.
3	Went on a sunday, gf and i ate at LBS last time, more than just burgers, i actually had a wrap. price range around 8-12 not too bad. Sauce was good, onion rings and fries were good. Pretty much what you would expect Nothing AMAZING but i was happy that football was on tv so i could check scores and watch NE roll TEN  :PNo dessert, would only go back if in the area and lazy to drive far away
4	Tasty fresh burgers, bottomless fries, substitute turkey meat at no extra cost, kids eat free on tuesdays, and friendly service.  What's not to like???I think it's better than most restaurant chains.  It's actually one of the few chains we dine at.  Burgers are good.  Tacos are pretty good too.  My wife likes their tortilla soup.Vegas off-the-strip is filled with restaurant chains and Island's is one of the better ones.
2	My wife and I stopped by here on a whim one day. When I walked in the place my expectations of the place lowered, as the Californian-pacific islands-surfer-theme mixed with what looked like a remodeled dive bar just didn't sit well with me.That said, the burger I had was great, but my jack and coke was watered down. The price was in range of what you'd expect, and while I wouldn't go back, if you just want a burger and are in this area it's ok.
3	Islands is nestled in between a bunch of chain restaurants (Olive Garden, and BJ's) and craptastic restaurants (Agave) in Summerlin, across the street from the Red Rock casino. Despite it being a chain, I enjoy eating there. Although it's been over a year in between visits for me. It's hardly ever busy and the service has always been fast, friendly, and attentive. The burgers are actually pretty good, but still a step below gourmet burger places like Burger Bar, BLT, and LBS. The Hawaiian burger is delicious -- both savory and sweet from the juicy beef patty, the grilled pineapple and teriyaki sauce. Their fries are cut fresh and are large and crispy. At around $8 a burger it isn't cheap, but they have a good variety of burgers to choose from (and their tacos aren't bad either).
4	Everything I expected from Islands chain:  Good burgers and fries.  I'm like the Kilauea because of the hint of jalepeno spice in it.  I try to stay away from burgers on the strip- actually I avoid the strip in general- so I agree that it's one of the better burger places of the strip.  My fav is the burger at the Springs Preserve Cafe- It's a Kobe beef burger. Yum!  I've tried LBS which is just across the street- everything came out cold, so I won't be going back there.
4	Why so much hatred for this place? It is a chain ladies and gents. This place is always packed and so it should be for what you are paying for. As long as your expectations are real, you will have a good time. Burger, beer and bottomless fries = $15 = good times. The meat SHOULD ALWAYS BE COOKED WELL-DONE in these places. Your are not eating prime meat, or wagyu meat, or kobe or well aged beef that is preserved properly.  So having ground beef anything less than well-done is like asking for death with fries.
4	Came here last weekend.I ordered the Veggie tacos and he ordered the mushroom burger. The Veggie Tacos were good, but they were pretty bland, but I guess that's expected of a fully veggie taco. It also came with a side of coleslaw that I didnt touch at all, so I can't really comment on that. My boyfriend got the mushroom burger and that was delicious and huge! It was just bursting with flavor and juices, mmmm, so good! I would totally get this over and over again. I definitely recommend this to anyone coming here for the first time. It came with lots of fries too. They were crispy and good. We both shared our food with each other so we'd be able to taste everything. After trying my taco I told him to eat his share of the taco first then continue with his burger since the taco didn't have any flavor at all really. The service was great and we got our food very quickly. No complaints. I'll be coming here again.
3	Nice, clean place.  The people are friendly.  The parking situation is very tight.  I recommend taking a little walk and parking behind the restaurant.The Hula Burger isn't bad at all - Mushroom and swiss on your patty.  The fries are now endless! On our last visit, waitress was very sparse and left us desiring more.My wife never brings back food, but she did here.  She had the baja soft tacos (Flour tortillas, fajita-marinated chicken w/ grilled onions and bell peppers).  It just didn't taste right.  Instead, she ordered the safe bet - another hula burger.  They rushed her order for the hula burger and everything was fine afterwards.  The manager also came by to make sure every was fine as well and was very apologetic and friendly.Overall, I would give this place another try sometime.
1	Onion Rings battered in pea gravel.  Yech!White Hamburger Bun a sugary mess.  It left that sweet/sour slime on the teeth for hours.Nice waitstaff, but astounded I wanted silverware to cut theonions rings with.  It seemed it was against policy!Never again.
3	I had eaten at an Island's in CA about 10 years ago, but last night was the first time since then. The burger was pretty good, but the fries were not as good as I remembered. They seemed to have a pretty good selection of beers on tap. The service was very good, particularly considering it was a Saturday night and  I was in a very large group and they were willing to do separate checks, so the employees get a big thumbs up from me.
2	I can't believe this place was packed when I went. Their food tastes equivalent to bowling alley food, but it's at double the price. It's an abomination to pay this much for chicken fingers. Get 'em at Raising Canes instead. And, unlimited fries are only unlimited if they keep on coming. I wasn't impressed with anything except for the Hawaiian decorations.
2	Good fries and that's about it. One hamburger was ordered with a white bun but came with wheat. The server was slow on refilling drinks and although they advertise endless fries it seemed like we had to wait endlessly for them. Create's burgers far surpass Islands in every aspect! Won't be back here...
4	I remember the first time that I ever ate at an Island burger, it's like eating at Joe's Crab Shack for the first time... You look at the decor and see how crafty they get. For instance, the table is shaped just like a surf board! Anyway, I have the Kilauea every time I go here, it's my fav. I guess I just have a thing for food with jalapenos! But I usually ask for them on the side, although I love the flavor they give, I just can't seem to handle the heat :(This location is in Summerlin so for the most part, the service is what you would expect in this area-- friendly, smiling faces! FYI, parking can be a PAIN. It shares a parking lot with with Olive garden, Agave and on the weekends, you can probably add BJ's to the list. Arrive early or expect a wait. I swear, sometimes... Las Vegas and the way they design their streets, parking lots and high areas of traffic-- total failure.
3	Came here on a friday night, when it should be packed- and it was busy, but we didn't have to wait.  The parking lot situation can be a little strange here as there is minimal parking at the front of the restaurants, but plenty in behind.  Anyway, we were jones-ing for burgers, and this is where we decided on.The place is nice.  Has an island theme, of course, and plenty of booths.  Our waitress took a while, but we weren't in a rush so no big deal- but could have been better, and quicker.  We got a chicken burger with guac, cheese, bacon, etc. and the pepercrusted burger- both with wheat bun.  Props that they give you the choice of white or wheat.  Both were about $10 each, tasty, and definitely hit the spot.Overall, decent enough.  Will probably try LBS in the RedRock or hit up Kilroys the next burger excursion though.
3	I stopped here tonight with a neighbor for dinner after seeing her husband at rehab.  We each had a Chicken Club Wrap.  I had mine with fries and Geri had hers with a salad.  They allow substitutes for the fries.  If you get fries, they have "endless fries."  You can keep getting another portion by asking.  Since the wrap and the fries I did get were sufficient, I didn't ask for more.  Our server did ask if I wanted more fries.Service was prompt, the ambience was OK, and I enjoyed this first visit to Islands.  It's simply one more option for a quick meal in the Summerlin area.
3	Better than a Fridays or Applebee's, but still just a burger. It's creatively mediocre, if that makes sense.
3	Great quick sit-in spot for the burger starved. Reminds me of Hawaii's version in Ala Moana which just was closed down due to low business, good to see this one surviving. The burgers here are average but perfectly cooked, never extremely greasy. Fries are steak fries. My tip is always order it smoothered in cheese. The bacon bleu cheese burger satisfies my want for a price conscious, custom burger in a sit-in setting.Try it.
4	I like Island's.  I believe the burgers will surprise you.  The server had about five tables, but she was still very friendly and attentive.  I would stay clear of the Guacamole myself.  For me it's too mashed.  I had the mushroom and Swiss burger which I believe is the Hula.  I wasn't expecting much, but when I bit into it.  I was pretty pleased on the quality.  This place is great for a quick bite if you don't wanna wait around or deal with mega crowds.  I'm not too crazy about the beer selection, but the burger is good.
3	Maybe because we didn't get burgers, or maybe because I just wasn't feeling it - but it wasn't my favorite dining experience.Everyone was as nice as could be, but I guess when I was remembering 'Islands' from driving by it, I always forgot that 'Fine Burgers and Drinks' was part of the name.  So I was expecting to find a totally different menu, but when we pulled up I realized I had made a mistake.  I was cold and we were heading to a movie after, so I didn't want to try to go find a new place to eat.  Anyways, if I had gotten a burger, I might be giving this a 4 or a 5 star, but my boyfriend and I both got salads.  They cut the lettuce into the tiny pieces there, which isn't my favorite style, but whatever.  I got the Kobb (sic) salad and he got the BBQ Ranch Salad.  Neither were great, neither were bad.  Mine needed more bacon and the dressing was a combination of creamy ranch and caesar, which was mildly offputting. Being a dessert person, we also shared the Brownie Sundae, which didn't taste homemade, slathered in what tasted like Hershey's syrup and aerosol whip cream and almonds.  The almonds  were a tasty addition.I'd go back if I was craving burgers.
3	Our server was bland. she made vicky the robot look more human. Yes, she was able to deliver our needs, but her connection was very minimal. The food was great though. Tortilla soup had chunks of avocado. Kilauea was good medium. one burger meal was enough to fill me  and bf up. Especially because of the bottomless fries, which we took home as leftovers. Sunday NFL  above us is always a bonus.
4	Had a burger that was very tasty. Service was good , we never had to ask for anything and all the employees had smiles.
3	Another example of a restaurant that thinks too much of itself - high prices, low service and marginal food. What more can be said.
5	I always get the bleunami with bacon...omg....and some sugary,hawaiian themed cocktail. rusty anchor was good and last time i got the good ol' mai tai.Love the island scenery in there, and last time, surfing competitions were actually on the tv :)
4	I have been here a few times and like the Kilauea burger.  It has a nice spicy kick.  The fries are good.  The only thing I didn't like is that the last 2 times the burger has been overcooked.  I am not one to send food back, but I was tempted to because it was way overdone.
1	got the nachos with jalapenos. "eeeeeeeeeeeeek! me thinks not!" is the only way to describe it. we came in after a movie from red rock and the cheese was sliced cheese that were microwave? -_-  what happened to real nacho cheeese? also tomatoes, onions, more sour cream than cheese.. i guess we caught them at a bad time an hour before closing
4	We went to a location in california and it's was good, service was eeehh but onion rings are good... It's location was ok the food is good, the service was great and pricing is good for 2 ppl considering it is FINE BURGERS was only 30 bucks, hey that's a good deal!!!!!!!
2	hmmm I don't want to be too harsh. Everything was very so so here, not really bad. My girlfriend and I both ordered burgers....after all, this is supposed to be their specialty. I ordered the Bleunami, It was pretty much a sonic burger with really watered down bleu cheese dressing. It also has bleu cheese crumbles which didn't taste like bleu cheese at all. I thought that was weird, and cheap. I ordered it with onion straws which were forgotten. Then I also ordered onion rings instead of fries. I wouldn't have, if I knew I would only get 4 rings......again....weird. My girlfriend's burger arrived wrong, so they took it back....scraped off what was wrong and fixed it. She didn't like the "endless" fries. I waited for her burger to be scraped to start eating, so both of our burgers weren't hot. :( We didn't get alcohol and with tip our bill was 35 bucks. Smashburger would've been the same and 10 times better. Sooo we are left still looking for any truly good food here in Las Vegas....disappointed....again.  OH, I will say the server was friendly and somewhat apologetic about our food.
4	A tropical atmosphere with a American cuisine (I.e., Burgers, salads, sandwiches, and fish tacos-ok some mexican) try everything you'll love it!
4	So we ordered nachos and they came out cold.  Also I have been waiting 10 minutes on a refill for my tea.  Sent back nachos waiting to see if they come out better.  2nd round of Nacho were great!!!  Burger came out perfect.  We had a new waitress but she apologized for her mistakes and was very sweet.
4	Good food. Good service. Great place to take the kids!
3	Going with 3 stars to give them the benefit of the doubt.I took the wife here for a small date night before we headed over to Red Rock for some BINGO.Place was just emptying out which was how we planned it as anyone that knows that plaza knows....its a circus in peak hours.Greeter seated us right away and the waiter was very prompt and on top of our needs without being smothering. He could have kept the Obama loving comments to himself though cause religion and politics should not be in your repertoire especially given how heated that issue currently is.I ordered a Hawaii burger  and the wife got their original. Food was done as ordered and was really good burger, but I was not thrilled or overly impressed. I guess with burgers...it takes alot to impress me.They had Stone IPA on tap which I appreciated..All in all it was a good dinner..would I go back? Meh...probably not as for what I spent I coulda went to burger bar or elsewhere.
2	Took my mom here for a bite before shopping in the nearby stores.  Sat outside, which was pleasant.  Food was OK (I had a BBQ salad that had  no "green" lettuce, just iceberg) and my mom had a burger).  Lava flows we ordered were pretty good and very large.  Service was great until the end of dinner when our waiter was nowhere to be found.   Had to track someone down inside to pay.Probably will not return.
3	Good burgers but pricey.
3	Food is good, no real high expectations - it's a burger joint. Food is always consistent which is nice. Service though is hit or miss. Last night we had a girls that was pleasant and friendly, she said thank you everytime she left the table even if there was no reason for her to say it. After we ordered we didn't see her until she dropped off check. Heard, "I'm cut" from server station and knew it was her. She was dragging her feet to pick up check because she was busy doing sidework - kinda irritating when you have to hunt down your server to leave.
3	This place used to have better service a few years back, but now the servers just don't seem to care much about the customers.Its a shame because they still have some good burgers, just don't expect stellar service
2	Haven't been to this location in a few years, though I did check one out in Phoenix last year and really dug it. For starters, they no longer have the slushy lime coke drink. Frowny face!The quality of their burgers isn't so great. The Bluenami used to be amazing, but something was entirely off about it this time - too much blue cheese dressing, not enough crumbles, maybe? The meat wasn't so great either, tasting pretty bland and as if it had been waiting for a while after being cooked. Don't let nostalgia trick you, this place has gone downhill.
1	Been here a few times. The staff is friendly. Cool that they have tv's with cool videos? My favorite dish was the burger. Basically gave the one star rating because. Othimg exciting. Average at best in all aspects.
4	One of the best burger joints in Las Vegas! One of the places I have been going to since I have been living here.
2	Good everyday spot - fine burgers and I was glad when they opened here - used to go regularly in LA. Haven't been there for a bit, and prefer the Palm for burgers.
1	I absolutely love the tropical decor but the food was mediocre and over priced. Worst salsa I ever tasted! The silverware was dirty like they just rinsed off the silverware and didn't  wash it. $7 for onion rings and it was just barely enough for us to share. The strawberry lemonade tasted like it was made from a powder mix. Our waitress was no where to be found most of the time and when she finally did come she would just blurt something out and run off!! Not the relaxing fun lunch I was hoping for :-(But on the upside the Kona pie (mudpie) was amazing. Not quite worth the $50+ bill tho for just my husband and myself.
5	It saddens me that Las Vegas only has one, having lived in LA for so long I fell in love with this place!!!Awesome service, great big portion, and for everything you are getting the prices are more then fair!  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Hawaiian Burger huge Burger teriyaki sauce a huge slice of pineapple and the rest is all American..  DELICIOUS easily one of my favorite places to eat!
5	My favorite burger on the menu is the Kilauea Burger. It is a jalapeno / black pepper crusted burger. It also has pepper jack cheese, chipolte aioli,  lettuce,  tomato with crispy onions on top. It is pure deliciousness! The burger also comes with a sample of fries or onion rings. A sample is all you need because the burgers are huge!  They also have fabulous guacamole here! It is nice and chunky and I haven't found anywhere that comes close to the taste.
5	Extremely impressive service!  Our bartender-in-training, Dan and his trainer were as friendly, knowledgeable and bursting with personality as one could ever hope for.  These 2 are the kind of bartenders anyone would be lucky to have work for them;)  Oh, the food, also great--they have a garden burger option for any of their delicious burger creations (I recommend the Kilauea if u like spicy) and endless fries!  Paired with an Islands brown ale and this vegetarian WON today!!! Couldn't be happier with my first experience here, and we will be back!!
5	**LAID BACK BURGER JOINT IN SUMMERLIN**I come into Islands at least twice a week. The always get the door for you as you come in, great touch. There are also hand sanitizing stations in the foyer, great for coming and going. I usually eat at the Bar and am always greeted with a warm smile by Stephanie, Traci or Mike. This place reminds me of my college years at UCSB: its Islandy, laid back and relaxed. They have three TV's near the bar with a variety of sports on and they will always change the channel for you. The beers are great, highly recommend the IPA. The food is great too. Its a burger joint and the Rincon ( Guac and Bacon, whats better than that?) and Malibu are my favorites.  The hidden jewel on the menu is the Chicken Quesadilla with Baja Chicken, I tell everyone to try this, if you do, you will be back. The Fries: Always freshly made and served warm and seasoned. They are endless with burgers , so get some to take home if you have leftovers. For its segment, Islands is perfect for me. It can be a little pricey but its fresh, great food with high quality customer service. Come to happy hour from 4pm -7pm and prices are  a steal!
3	Have visited this restaurant twice now.  The burgers are really good and the fish tacos the best in the areas.  One person in my party had the Cobb Salad which was somewhat disappointing.  Organo in a salad?  No, it doesn't quite work our very well. However, burgers and fish tacos to scream for.  Very good service and atmosphere.Will probably return but not for the Cobb Salad.
4	Love the food and service, we came from waiting over an hour for Bj's which were rude and made us continually wait even though we call in advance. I called Island Burgers to see if it was a long wait for a party of 9 and took us in immediately. The only thing that through me off was the waitress flirting with my husband. All I have to say is have a little respect his wife and child were sitting right next to him.  would say that was the only complaint.
1	The burgers are ok, but pricey. $14.00 for one meat patty is a little much. I ordered a salad, it was horrible. Every piece of lettuce was brown, whenI told the waiter he told me that the manager will be over to talk to me. After everybody else was done with their meal the manager finally came over and asked if the lettuce was brown on the burgers, I spoke up and said no not the burgers, it was my salad. Obviously, my plate was the only one not touched but she couldnt pick that up by looking I guess. She said well thats impossible and walked away! They had the nerve to still charge $12.75 for a salad that was brown and I didn't touch. I definitely will not be back. The manager they had on that night, should go back to McDonalds with her customer service skills!
5	Stellar burger place I have been going to since the 80's in LAIt is really pleasing to me that one of the restaurants I loved as a child, is now a chain going stronger than ever.We are beyond fortunate to have one of them here in LV.This place has consistently served amazing food, had a great if corny atmosphere, great service at every location, this one included.There burgers are exceptional, and huge.  The point break, bleunami, and kilauea are spectacular.The tacos and salads are pretty good here too, as well as their famous french fries.This is one of those relaxing places that is not probably going to win any awards, but it is a consistently awesome meal, in a really friendly comfortable setting.They offer a happy hour every other day 4-7 with certain appetizers half price, and they are large.
5	Unfreaking believable yummy and juicy thick burgers :)
4	This place is amazing. I'm just a bit sad cause they only have one location. I love the location though. The first time I went here was with an old friend. They told me it was good. So I met up with them. I love the atmosphere here. It's so relaxing and calm compared to any other burger joint. I took my boyfriend here for the first time and when he took a bite into his blue cheese burger he seriously had an erection and his eyes were watery cause he fell in love with this place. The service here is good. From all the times me and my boyfriend went there, we've never experienced a bad customer service.
5	It's a normie burger joint with "Tropical" inspired food.  Yes totally Suburbia paradise.  Cuz when you have like 7 kids, you'll never go to Hawaii.  The service was fine, our drinks weren't empty and the food was good. Most of their restaurants are pretty much all the same, been to one, been to all.  And I'm glad the service has NEVER sucked at any of the. The food at this location was actually the same as all the others. It was good. Had the veggie patty Teriyaki burger and it was delicious, cooked just the way I wanted, and the fries were cooked well too. I say, HEY if yo'ure in the area and feel you're too good for Del TAco, eat here. Better than all the shitty Vegas BUffet food.
2	Mediocre food.I havent visited aince I last came which was about 3 years ago.
5	Great burgers, great service :). Loved the island feel when you walked in... Very clean and felt like I was on a mini vacation.
5	great lunch specials , will return for sure !
4	You know, at first I was a little skeptical to go to another burger joint.. But after we got in there, our waitress( I forgot your name, sorry blonde lady!!) was very good and she was awesome at what she did! I recommend this place, the food was very good if you like burgers, will be coming back for sure.
4	Tortilla soup was yummy. Cheddar fries are awesome. Fish tacos were alright (never had a fish taco before though).
3	Not great, not terrible, but three thumbs up for that TORTILLA SOUP!I recall being 13 and thinking Islands was this fancy place with fancy burgers. I'm now not 13 anymore and have been set straight. Not my first choice to eat here but after a 3-hour hike with only a Cliff bar in my stomach, anything that wouldn't give me food poisoning was sounding pretty good at the time. I went with their limited edition burger whose name escapes me. The burger was tasty enough. Seemed like there was too much liquid in all those toppings. It tasted good but the bun got soggy real quick. Speaking of buns, you have a choice here! White or Wheat? And for my non-red-meat consuming friends, you can sub your beef patty with a turkey one. If you have a french-fry obsession like myself, you will love Islands unlimited french fries. The first batch that comes with your burger is relatively big. But the additional orders get smaller as you continue ordering. I believe they hand-cut their fries here. Think along the taste of In-n-Out fries with a thicker cut and longer fry.My brother's friend had his heart set on the tortilla soup here. The hike started and ended with a tortilla soup discussion. In total, I can imagine we spent at least 30 minutes discussing this tortilla soup so my brother and I shared a bottomless one. I don't think that's allowed... but if you do share try to be stealthy about it and don't ask for a second spoon? All in all the tortilla soup was the star of the evening. It doesn't have that processed pre-packaged soup taste (but for all I know it might be). It has a homemade quality to it. It's really very delicious with little strings of melted cheese. If I come here again I'll probably skip the burgers and go all-in on that unlimited soup.Also noteworthy is the Longboard beer. It's served ice ice ice cold. Tiny little icicles form on the top. It would probably be more refreshing on a hot day but it was still enjoyable after that freezing a** hike.
3	Islands is a great place for a quick burger. They have really good chicken sandwiches and salads. It is a great place for kids. They have a new kids menu that has a lot of healthy options. The desserts are pretty tasty too.
4	We go to Islands regularly. It is a nice family place where our whole group (with several picky eaters) can get something they like. The prices are reasonable and the serving size is ample. It is also a good place to take kids. They like the atmosphere, kid friendly food, and they can be kids without bothering other diners.
3	Typical chain burger joint.  Our waitress was going through the motions, but with a smile.  Our food came out correct and quickly.Food was decent, but nothing that sent me home to call my mom about.  The cheese fries need more cheese for sure.  The slaw was pretty unique however.  I did enjoy that!! Overall fair. Don't hate / don't love...
1	This place is overpriced and overrated... there are a bunch of kids in it and you can get a much better burger at five guys.
5	Islands isn't just a restaurant...it's a lifestyle.  You can get anything here, from burgers and fries to soups and salads.  Great service and great food; who doesn't like that?  Islands is perfect for kids and adults!
5	Lunch menu is good.. Get the shorebird! Awesome meal..I usually sit in the bar to avoid long wait times so I am not too sure how is service out of the bar. The staff is awesome with friendly smilings and making sure your drinks are always refilled. Parking is not bad, a lot of space for everyone. Prices are not too bad and very affordable.
4	Food was great and service was wonderful. Can't wait to come back.
3	The place still has that new car smell, which is nice because I do not know when it opened. Its clean so at least your feel good about the food. Service was great, and atmosphere was good as well. plenty of tvs and etc.Food was par. I think it was too expensive. A burger that should of cost 6 dollars they are selling for 10.95. I certainly did not leave the joint feeling like I had a 11 dollar burger. Glad I went and tried, but Ill never go again. The "Longboarder Burger" is just a rip off of the In-N-Out burger, which I would of rather had. Would of saved a lot of money.
5	Good location and I've never had to wait for a table.  For me, the Big Wave is the perfect burger.  Nothing fancy just a lot of great flavor.  Excellent chips and guacamole.  Ranchero beans are also tasty.
2	Burgers are just so so, I hadn't been here since I've moved to Las Vegas and I was not impressed and probably wont be back.
3	I do not usually like to rate chain restaurants as the experience is quite typical. However, I was quite unsatisfied with my experience so I thought I would share. I was frequenting the restaurant for a work meeting and we were hoping to be seated near an outlet. As we approached the hostess stand I asked the hostess as to whether or not they had Wifi and outlets. The hostess simply stated that she did not know and she did not bother to find out. We sat in the bar for happy hour, my drink was okay and the food was okay; not worth more than the happy hour price of course. The server was nice and somewhat attentive (she is the reason for the 3rd star). As we left the hostess as the stand walked away as we were not worth a simple good-bye. Hey, hey, hey ..goodbye.
5	EVERY burger cooked to perfection. If you like it HOT get the Kilauea. Loaded with black and jalapeno pepper and spicy mayo but get the mayo on the side and nix the cheese so you can taste the meat... Praise jeebus this thing's awesome... Incredible! Fries are actually cooked like they are supposed to be with QUALITY potatoes... Thank you Islands!!!
1	By far one of my least favorite places I've eaten. We got there for happy hour after waiting a long time for our server to come and take our order we got chips, salsa & guacamole as well as the cheese quesadillas. The quesadillas were strange, they were in a light flaky flour tortilla which was then ruined by their strange choice of pickled peppers and almost too much cheese, the peppers made the bottom soggy. We were waiting for our entrees, which were... Ok, we sat in the bar area freezing to the bone. While eating, I was watching our server take care of bar patrons as well as the patrons sitting at the tables in the bar area. As a server, I've never seen such a thing, where we happen to be sitting I could see the hostess stand where there happened to be 3 people just standing around (waiting to greet customers), while letting the poor guy at the bar run his ass off while other customers had to wait for him to finish taking care of everyone in that area. How is this place run?!
5	Love islands, great French fries and great chips and salsa, very clean and the staff is great. Recommend this place for a cheap and tasty meal
4	Ended up here after epic failure at Via Brazil. Great burger, Cold beer, Onion rings cant be beat and service was incredible.
5	Everyone is nice, the bar tenders thoroughly explain the menu offerings and make you feel welcome. Fast and friendly service every time my wife and I eat here. The tortilla soup rocks!
4	Really good food, I got the Hawaiian style Island taco's. We had good service and the food was delicious. Plus they had fun menus for our kids to color and good choices for their food. I really liked the idea of this restaurant and it for the most part is a friendly environment for families. Check it out if you want to get out of the typical downtown restaurants and see something else for a change.
3	The food is pretty good! I have to say the service is very bad! Everytime I have gone there I sit and wait for someone to notice I'm at a table!! I ask if I have a waitress, then 10 min later someone shows up. Needs new management!!
2	Well got the answer why it was pretty empty on a Saturday. Food isn't very good. It's clean service was great but the food fell short with everybody at the table. The mahi mahi looked like a chicken tender gone wrong way over cooked. The burgers were eeh, I've had better $1 burgers and these were $10. The wife's was the regular joe one nothing special. I had the Kilauea burger, I like pepper but someone got happy with it to say the least and I just feel if you have to top a burger with deep fried red onions that's a pretty good sign right there your burger isn't very good. Even though I asked to not havethem it didn't improve the quality. I know I've said it before but they're way to many better places in town to get a great burger so trust me skip this spot, your taste buds will thank you.
3	Good burgers, good location. The prices have gone up recently so that's a tad disappointing. But endless fries and the burgers are fairly large, I'd recommend sharing. My favorite is the Maui burger on wheat, medium. My kids live for the tiki tenders with a side of ranch. The tortilla soup was surprisingly good. Mixed drinks are good as well. Desserts are huge and made for sharing. Love the Hawaiian vibe and all the flat screens. Depending on the season it's either surfing, football or basketball. Good family restaurant if you're in the mood for a burger & beer.
5	Always Great food at a Great Value...Friendly atmosphere..We usually sit in the bar and Mike and Tracy are Fabulous!
3	We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer. It was mediocre. My burger was really tasty I had the barbecue burger. The onion rings and the wings were also mediocre. Overall they get a 3 for ok service and a tasty burger.
5	My boyfriend and I came in due to the previous reviews found on here and the close distance to my house.  The food was great! We had chips and salsa while we waited for our food.  You are able to substitute any of their burgers with either a turkey burger or a veggie patty--this is awesome since not every place offers this! We ordered off their lunch specials: I had the Big Wave w/ cheese (subbed with a turkey burger) and he ordered the Shorebird. Their food was delish and I loved their fries. I added mushrooms to the turkey burger and it was amaze!
4	So...after many more visits here I had to update.The service here is always fantastic...but my main reason. The tortilla soup....seriously....Their tortilla soup is killer here, not you grandma from Mexico made it good but a whole different kind of good. They also have an all you can eat option for a little over 7 bucks hat rocks when its cold and you're starving.So the burgers might be so so...but the soup is why I come back.
1	Their fish tacos tasted a little too fishy & some parts tasted like the grill or just burnt. I give the tacos a 2/5. My boyfriend had a burger, don't recall which burger, but he said it wasn't very good. We ordered onion rings & it was a huge portion, but like everything else, it was mediocre. Maybe I'll give them another chance, but probably not any time soon. But all the workers were very nice!
5	This place is great. Local hang out and cold beer everytime. The tortilla soup is to die for, go endless. Always a good happy hour Monday thru Friday  and fun to watch nfl games.
4	Service was great. The food was good. I had the Kaluea (however you spell it). I expected it to be spicy as described. But I had to add Mexican hot sauce to give it some kick. Cabernet was awesome!!  Overall it was good and I would go back
3	Just okay sums up the entire experience.  The iced tea had a slightly offputting after taste.  Ordered what was essentially the bacon cheeseburger.  It was really big which was great.  There were an abundance of white onions which wasnt as great.  I cringe everytime I pay $11 for "just a burger".  The fries were good....natural cut with a seasoning salt.  Ashley our server was friendly and attentive.
4	Great tacos! I know this place is known for burgers, but their NorthShore Chicken Tacos were great! I love that they let you substitute the beans for salad or fries too...nice variety. The iced tea wasn't my favorite though...maybe a little old? Didn't taste too fresh. Service was great...fast and friendly!
2	I was here in Oct. 2013 and had a guacamole burger.  The burger was very bland, didn't even taste like guacamole and just has no flavor.  Was wayyy overpriced, so was happy I split it with my dining companion.  The restaurant itself is very cute and ambiance is quite nice with the cool surf theme and decor.  The surrounding area is also very nice (Summerlin/Red Rock area), so if you're basically looking for an enjoyable themed place, Islands is nice.  Servers are courteous and helpful.  Maybe other things on the menu are better?  I've had the Kona pie once before and it was good - again, very overpriced, but the portions are big so you can split. That would be my suggestion if you go to Islands - split it and enjoy the fun decor, best of both worlds :)
4	Ok, I really like this spot.  First, I think they must have the frostiest beers in Las Vegas.   They come out so cold that a thin layer of ice forms on the top and along the sides of the mug.  Big kudos.  The food is consistently good, especially their tacos.  I had the chicken tacos with teriyaki sauce and pineapple in them.  Very tasty indeed.  The only obstacle to a perfect 5 stars would be the overall ambiance.   Maybe I'm being picky but the place often feels a little dead.  Don't let that dissuade you though, try the food and have a cold one!
4	My husband and I give this restaurant a four and a half.  We went there for the first time today (04.20.14).  First of all, we were greeted the moment we walked in by the cheerful hostess and seated right away.  Our server, Andrew, was very attentive and checked back on us and made sure we had refills on our iced tea.  We started with nachos which were good.  I ordered the fish tacos which were very tasty and came with a side of beans topped with some sort of queso fresco.  I don't usually go crazy over beans but I have to say that these were very delicious!  The fish tacos were cooked well and had a creamy sauce - yum!  My husband ordered the tortilla soup and said it was delicious.  The restaurant seemed very clean and again, the staff made it a very pleasant experience.  I don't usually choose "island" type restaurants or burgers but I was glad that we visited and would definitely go back!
5	One of my favorite places to eat a meal, or enjoy happy hour.  Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, and great food.  I love pretty much everything on the menu; my favorites are the big wave and fries, the veggie tacos, and chips and salsa at happy hour.  The beers are ice cold here.
3	The food was good, not fantastic. Our server Tyson was very personable, checked on our table frequently. Bartenders were not engaging with the clients. Did not offer information about drinks besides $1 off margaritas did not tell me about different margaritas etc.
3	Being known for their burgers I was expecting something great- it was good but not great.  I ordered the bleunami burger with onion rings and it only came with 5 onion rings. They are a good size ring and the breading was good but there was only 5! We also went at lunch with a party of 12 and the biggest booth couldn't accommodate us Comfortably so we had to split up. Not recommended for large parties. The service was good and fast. Our server was on top of drinks and checked back regularly.
4	Burgers are huge and delicious here! The prices are completely reasonable for what you get! Me and the girls from work always come here for lunch and every time we are ordering and getting our food within 15min, leaving plenty of time to eat, chat and get back to work on time! Between the burgers, salads and sandwiches you can't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu. If your in a hurry they do take out too! I've even brought my father who is from Seattle here and he was amazed with the food! He said he's never gotten a bigger burger for around $10! I would recommend everyone to try Islands!
1	The food here is horrible! Absolutely awful! I am surprised by all of the positive reviews.  Came here because I won a gift certificate and thank god because I would regret paying for my "meal."The hamburger tasted like a Jolly Rancher. It was a plain hamburger but had some weird watermelon flavor in the defrosted mass produced bun perhaps? The hamburger patty reminded me of a TV dinner Salisbury Steak. It was very light and had the texture of a sponge.  The service was good. After eating at this establishment, I threw up when I got home. The scent of watermelon meat is still in my nose.Never again!
2	Used to love going in to get my favorite three taco North shore and hang at the bar. I had not been to Islands for a while so I decided to grab lunch, guess what my favorite three taco meal that was right around $10 now only has two tacos for the same money. Really don't think this is a strategy that works for us cash paying folks. Guess what your on my boycott list until you fix the menu back to what it used to be.
4	Came here for the first time in years. Everything was delicious! It was so nice to see everyone working together as a team and to see the managers be so hands on!
5	I found islands by mistake I did a Google search for burger joints and I'm so glad I found islands! Friendly staff and delicious good at an a for fable price. They also have good beer :) it's a nice place for a girls night out with my friends and I come here often. Can't wait to eat here again!
1	I will never eat at this location ever again. First of all it took well over 30 min to get our nachos. When we finally got them they were room temp and the cheese wasn't even melted!!  I sent them back and got attitude from the waitress.  We came at 4:30 pm mind you so I'm not sure why it took so long in the first place . The 2nd attempt at the nachos were better but this time they didn't drain the juice from the beans and it was really soggy! Really?! Finally the rest of our meal came and the fries were cold, hard and not a lot of flavor. They tasted like they had been sitting for quite awhile. We got our bill and I was shocked to see we were being billed for the nachos. I couldn't believe they had the nerve to charge me for them when I complained about them twice! I think got up and asked to speak to the manager. The manager comes over and I explain why I felt I shouldn't have to pay for the nachos. She then begins to argue with me about the length  I had to wait for the nachos. Wait. What? Is she serious? ! Finally she says she will remove them from my bill....she leaves for a few minutes and then comes back to our table and then says to me..we are able to check ticket times and I didn't even let her finish her sentence at that point. I was shocked that she'd come back to tell me that! !! I said are you really coming back over here to argue with me about the time it took? ??  At that point I said just give me the bill since we were already making a big scene.  Why would this manager fill the need to fight me on this?  I will never be back to an Islands.  Besides that, the hamburger my friend ordered looked disgusting!  It didn't even look like fresh hamburger meat. I WILL NEVER BE BACK.
2	Came here for lunch with my wife, daughter, & mother. The service was subpar, we saw our server once after ordering. We all ordered burgers medium and they came out medium rare, but they tasted fine. The worst were their fries. They were cold, hard, and an old batch served to us all. If your a burger joint you should be able to get fries right. The only positive was the fresh sweet potato fries my daughter had. She devoured them.
5	Good burgers, beef and chicken. Yummy fries too. Kona Pie for dessert, definitely shareable.
2	This used to be my fave burger joint. However, today my faith was shaken as my turkey burger was a bit charred and very dry. My bun was very hard around the edges and my fries were cold. On a good day the food can be quite good but I think I may need to shake things up a bit and find a new burger bestie. Don't be scared to try it. You just may need to speak up if your food is not cooked right. Good luck in your quest for your Bestie Burger !
4	I go to Islands periodically. I'm pretty sure that I've tried most of the burgers on their menu and am a fan of most. My particular favorite item on the menu is the chili cheese fries--be prepared to share because they are HUGE!I think their mushroom burger and avocado burgers are my current favorites, but that changes from time to time. Definitely give Islands a try if you're tired of the same old burger place and come hungry because their burgers are BIG!
3	This was an okay lunch choice. Nothing extraordinary, but the burger was pretty tasty (albeit overpriced). The service was attentive and friendly and it was not crowded. Ok, but I'm in no rush to return.
5	Everything was as expected and I'm very satisfied. I want to take a moment to recommend sitting in Daniel's section when you visit. (Hint:ask) I just had some of the best service I've had at any restaurant. It's definitely worth mentioning.
2	On a scale of 1-10, I give it a 5.  The burger was tasteless, the bun ordinary. They mixed up our order -- I got fries instead of onion rings. They apologized and brought out onion rings a few minutes later which were fine, but not great. I nibbled some of the fries while waiting and they were average. I think $10 - $12 for a basic burger and fries (or onion rings at no extra charge) is out of line. The beer was good -- tasty and cold. Service was, again, average. The place was not crowded on a Friday night and I can see why. If you're looking for a good hamburger, keep looking. You can do better.
3	My family and I were up in the at a store in the Summerlin area and decided to give this place a try. As you walk in everything is very tikiriffic, which flows with the theme of the restaurant. It took a while for anyone to come to the hostess stand and seat us. Once we were seated it took about another 10-15 minutes for someone to come and take our drink order. Following those delays everything else went fine service wise. Regarding the food, I will first say it was good. I had a bacon cheese burger and fries. The fries were very good and crispy. I have never been one to say this, but their menu selection leaves a lot to be desired. The essentially only do salads, tacos and burgers. Their kids menu on the other hand is great, with two different menus based on age and portion size. One menu was for 6 and under, the other for ages 7-12. If all you are looking for is a good burger then I would recommend this place. Seeing as we live in southwest, though I cannot say that we would necessarily go out of our way to come back to this place. I can find an equally good burger somewhere closer to the house.
5	Sooooooo YUMMY! ordered the Maui burger and substituted it for the veggie burger. This will not be my last time here!
5	Islands has been a family favorite since I've moved to Las Vegas. I have only tried the Kilauea and The Maui because they are so delicious I can't even attempt to choose another burger. All the staff here are so friendly and take care of you very well. I love the Kilauea because all they ingredients in the burger mix so well and give this mild spice. My number one choice when I come here is the Maui Maui just because I have a soft spot in my heart for guacamole. It is one of my favorite guacamole burgers! I love the fact they have bottomless fries because usually all my fries come out hard and I have to keep getting more because I like my fries on the softer side.  I really hope this company expands to other places because so much people are missing out on amazing burgers!
2	Had the Maui Burger and fries. Meal was sub par. Burgers are low quality, low taste, very thin. Fries are hard, stale, nothing to them. Over priced and no quality.
5	I have since been back to Island's burgers in Vegas. They have redeemed themselves with another great turkey burger. Their turkey burger has veggies in it that seems to keep it moist and not dried out like alot of others. Now, who can I blame for my going off my diet- well it was worth it!
3	I have always loved Islands since I grew up in SoCal. This is the only one in Las Vegas and sometimes I wonder if it will survive. The past few times in here the service has not been very good. Yesterday at 3:30 my family and I went in and it took an hour to get our food. The place was empty. When we eventually got our food , it was good as it usually is. I was supposed to get more onion rings, but they never came. The manager was supposed to bring the onion rings. She also offered us a free dessert which we never got. In order for this place to survive, it needs new management. The place should be packed, but it is very easy to get a table at 6 pm on a weekend night. That's not a good sign. I hope it improves. My family really does enjoy their burgers and fries.
2	Took the family out to this Islands for our Friday night dinner. A little back story I grew up in San Diego and went a few times to the Islands in Carmel Mountain  Ranch. The wifey lived in Rancho Bernardo for years and went to that particular location also. That place was almost always busy but we always got at least decent service. So now I was craving Islands and decided to check this location out. We live in Henderson so it's a good 30 minute drive. We walk in and the place is basically dead. I could see at least 6 vacant tables. The first worker sees us and walks over and says he'll be right back. A good 5 minutes later another guy comes over and say he'll be with us shortly. He walks to their little podium and starts writing. Then the phone rings and he motions with his hand another minute or so. So finally he seats us. Of course they put us in the noisy area next to some lady who can't shut the fuck up. It wouldn't bother me so much that she couldn't stop talking it was how loud she had to talk. My wife and I talked about how some places like to seat us with other families with kids. We agree it's a common practice.  It does take awhile for our server to get to us but finally we get the ball rolling. She orders the kids meals then we order our meals. We both want burgers but the odd thing is our server asks immediately "Is medium okay"? We're both cool with that since that's what we usually order anyway but found it odd that she was pushing the medium so hard. This is where it gets interesting but not really. We get the food in literally 2 minutes. I couldn't believe how fast we got our food. I've never gotten it that fast not even at a fast food restaurant. But when we started eating we realized how they were able to cook our food that fast. MY burger and the wifey's burger were basically raw. They barely seared the outside of the patties so it was all pink inside. After that we never saw our server again until after the meal. Oh by the way I was hit with a spray of Ranch dressing while I was eating my burger. A server at another table was clearing the table and dropped a full container of Ranch dressing. It shot everywhere but of course it only hit me. Got me in the shirt and the face. I was looking down so when I got hit it felt like someone spit in my face. I semi yelled "WTF! who spit on me"? Two servers came over and asked if I was okay. They kept asking me but that was it. So we finished our meal and we had finished our ice teas halfway through the meal but nobody ever came by to refill our drinks. We didnt see our server until she brought the check out. The whole time once we sat down we felt like they wanted us to eat fast and leave fast. We felt very rushed and we couldn't figure out why because for the time we were there the place didn't fill up. I would guess this is a management decision. Get them in and out as fast as you can. At least that's what it felt like. It sucks for the servers because they aren't gonna get any tips that way :) Just a theory of mine though. So make sure to order the burger the way you want it. The fries were good if you like crispy and don't expect to get a refill on your tea. We won't be going back to this location ever. We have a ton of burger places in our immediate area so theirs no reason to drive this far for mediocre service and food. Plus we hate leaving a restaurant parched.
5	Been hunting Las Vegas for good margaritas for a few weeks, finally wondered into Island fine burgers and drinks in Summerlin. The sunset margaritas are amazing.! Super friendly staff sat there and watched my beloved Seahawks. Will be back repeatedly...
4	It's my first time here and I will definitely be back!  We were greeted nicely and promptly by the manager and we decided to sit in the bar.  The bartender was attentive however I believe it was only her working in the bar area which was extremely busy for Monday night football.  The manager was helping out with the trivia and even came up to us as she overheard it was our first time there.  We got the wings & nachos for happy hour which were good.  For entree's I got the Mahi Mahi sandwich.  The fries were unique however they were small.  The fish was fantastic however the slaw on the sandwich wasn't that great.  My friend got the veggie burger which she liked however she said it's not the best she's ever had.  The other person got the Mavericks burger which he enjoyed.They have a great happy hour and a very welcoming comfortable environment.  Unfortunately I live in Henderson so it is a bit out of the way!  A great find and I highly recommend it for Summerlin locals!
4	This is a fun place to come for happy hour. They make very good cocktails, I especially like the Makaha Maggie. It's a tasty margarita with pineapple. The burgers are very good, try the chipotle aioli it's delicious! ( I like to use it as a French fry dip, try it!)
4	We were in the area and drove around to see if there was something new we could try! This was the stop! It's really cute inside and makes me feel like I'm near the beach. Love the service! So friendly and definitely down to earth. I ordered the buffalo wings for an appetizer and boy were those great! Yummy taste, and has a kick to it! My lips were burning! I got the lunch special. Burger with fries. IT WAS SO GOOD. Not what I was expecting! It was just a normal burger, but it was tasty and the buns were crispy! Overall I had a really good experience here!
2	Islands "fine" burgers.... Should drop the "fine" in their name. This is simply another version of Chilis or AppleBee's. Frozen burgers, frozen fries, frozen veg. - overall pretty blah :-(
4	Had to give this place another look. Been on a kick lately with burgers and my husband craving fish sandwiches. Service was great, the prices were average, and the food was really good. We started with nachos, crispy chips lots of cheese melted in between layers of chips, a scrattered amount of grilled chicken but not enough jalapenos.My burger was the maui guacamole, swiss, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo and I added applewood grilled bacon on wheat bun. The bun was a bit soft and fell apart while trying to eat, I prefer a bun that stays all the way through. The onion was a bit strong but overall a decent burger. My husband got the mahi mahi sandwich, it had teriaki sauce and hicuma cole slaw on white bun. He said it was realy good and he'd eat it again. We both had fries, crispy some with skins thin cut, good. Overall, good burger place fun place to come with a crowd!
3	Went for lunch to celebrate a grinding training finally ending. Burgers and drinks were good. I wish I had time to sit there and savor it. I will go again with kids which is the true test as we all know.
1	I came here at around 6:15pm and I was seated with my boyfriend. It was pretty busy that night, so I knew the service would be slow. We sat down and waited for about 10 min and didn't even get any drink orders in. We then saw a few people around us getting seated AND getting their drink orders in before us. My boyfriend and I looked at each other and said, we would wait another 5 minutes before we just walk out. The server took a check from the next table and stopped, looked at us and walked away. First, train your staff to at least acknowledge that someone will be right with you. If someone had told us that, we would have waited, but to look at us and walk away and never come back?! If you hate your job so much or you can't do it right, go find another job that better suits your incompetence.I'm already hangry at this moment and so we walked out. The customer service was horrible and I will never come back here just for that. Should have got up and left when we saw everyone getting served but us.
3	For a chain restaurant, always an easy choice for a burger and fries.Did I mention .....All you can eat fries?They have a lot of great combos, or you can build your own.Always tasty! The ONE thing I do not like, is you cannot order a burger cooked less than Med.I find the idea that "they tell you" how you like your meat cooked a bit annoying, although they will happily tell you it is for your own protections and I assume for their legal protection? -Still. Annoying And in my book, their Med is Medium Well.With that said, if you like a well done burger, with lots of super tasty options, all you can eat fries, at a decent price....this is the place for you!If you are really craving an amazing hamburger,  and it is truly about the hamburger, there are better places to go. If you are shopping or heading to a movie, and just want to grab a quick burger. This place is perfect.
4	First time eating here. My friend and I shared so I had 1/2 of a chicken wrap which was very good. Just the right of amount of ingredients in a fresh tasting tortilla. I also had 1/2 of mahi mahi fish sandwich on a wheat bun. It was pretty good. The sauce tasted good and the veggies were nice and crispy and tasted good. The fish however was pretty dry. If it was cooked for a shorter time it would have been very good. I love their fries. The seasoning is very good on them. I will definitely come back. I'm going to try a burger next time.
