3	This hotel is actually hidden off the strip. It's right behind another big building...i'm not sure what this hotel is behind actually, I want to say rundown looking building that has a all you can eat sushi restaruant. Since the hotel is kinda questionable looking I expected below par rooms, however the rooms weren't to shabby, not as luxurious as the others, but the hotel rooms come with a complete mini kitchen. So no problem keeping those drinks chilled... And although i didn't get a chance to actually cook, I have to say there  is plenty of counter space for vegetable chopping or drinking making in my case.So the pool is on the roof which I thought was pretty neat...but as my skin was getting charred from the vegas heat. I came to the final conclusion that having pool on top of building = closer to the sun = not so great. And the final disappointment is that and the  NO CASINO in the building, so a good place to check in if all you're doing in your hotel room is SLEEPING...and getting it on.
4	YOU'D BE SURPRISED!i was dreading to stay at this place because i saw the website and the images aren't all that appealing. but hey, a bunch of us girls are staying in a 2 bedroom suite, pretty much for free- who has room to complain? it's a timeshare, btw.the pictures you see on the website is the old tower, but there's another newly built tower with all the updated modern suites! they have everything.  a kitchenette with everything from plates to can openers to pans to dishwashers. the front desk is friendly. the only thing that sucked is that it takes awhile to get a cab.
3	I've gotten a chance to stay here a couple of times thanks to one of my friends who has a time share at this place. Both times were a blast. The rooms aren't too shabby. It's pretty roomy for a few people to stay in, and it comes with a kitchen so you can save some money by bringing your own food to cook for the weekend. There's no casino here but it is located in a prime spot off the strip, a short walking distance to the MGM Grand, Monte Carlo, Paris, and NY NY. There's also a pool on the rooftop where you can relax, take a dip, and get a tan and feel like you're on top of the world..Adjacent to the hotel is a newly renovated shopping area called the Hawaiian Marketplace, with shops and restaurants. Great place to grab a drink and people watch.I have some pretty fun memories at this hotel. Unfortunately, some I cannot reveal on here cuz whatever happened there....stayed there. =)
5	j: let's take a short cut across the street!p: but there's a divider in the middle of the street?!?!j: who gives fcuk? we can climb over that shit!p: (trying to think logically, but the dranky drank has gotten the best of me) ooookkaayyy!!p and j start to run, thinking everyone else if following them, but realize they are leaving the rest of the group behind.p and j think they are the shit and that they are going to reach their destination faster than the rest of the group (which is still some logic that i'm trying to figure out b.c they would've caught up with us at the casino anyways).p and j and standing on top on the divider, waiting for the rest of the cars to drive by. (btw, not very smart!!! one slip and fall, we could've been taken out! but we of course didn't give a crap b.c it's vegas!)we climb over the divider and run to the other side of the street thinking we're cooler than cool. only to realize that the rest of the group is waiting to cross on the other side of the street at a light, which would have been just a couple more yards for us to reach.oh vegas, oh drunken moments, oohhhh vegas...i'm just excited b.c i've got a trip to sin city coming up soon with the fam bam for mother's day weekend, and it's gonna be great! i love trips with my cousins b.c we just go crazy. now we're not the types to go clubbin and dance. we like to preparty indoors, walk the strip, drink some more,  gamble our lives away, and cross streets without a care in the world that there's a light for us to cross not too far away.when going to vegas, all you need is a spot to shower and sleep (for a bit). other than that, everything else can be found elsewhere.this place is in between planet hollywood (formerly known as aladdin) and mgm grand on the east side of the strip. it's a timeshare, so it's got separated bedrooms, a kitchen fully stocked with dishes and utensils, a fridge, perfect for storing the alki, and a microwave, which comes in handy sometimes! the couch pulls out into a bed, so there are two more spots to sleep. i wouldn't suggest this, but if there's no room left, take a couple of the dining chairs, line them up, and voila, another spot to sleep. warning: you may wake up with a kink in your neck or on the floor.05.15.2008 update:i was there for mother's day weekend, and polo towers upgraded their suites!!! flat screens, marble tiling, softer, even more comfortable beds means plus 2 stars, but one got taken away b.c check out is 10am (so now 5 stars). who the f wakes at 10am in vegas?!?!?!
1	Over priced Timeshare.Unfortunately - I am one of the poor owners of this piece of crap. They charge terribly high maintenance fee and the exchange resorts are booked decades in advance. I wish we hadnt fallen to their sales pitch 10 years ago !
5	Since I never heard of the hotel, I set my expectations low. I already pictured police tapes in front of the door, outlines of dead bodies on the floor and cockroaches running into every direction once we open the door and hit the light switch. Expect the worst and u will be pleasantly surprised! =) Btw...don't ever agree on playing 'whoever-pees-first-during-the-drive-will-have-to-down-a-bottle-of-alc-at-the-hotel'. I participated in the game and let's just say that uncrossing my legs after 4 hrs had never been that hard. =/So we finally arrived at the hotel...right on the strip! Checked in. Took the elevator to the room and upon opening the door...there it was...a room with a working TV, couches, a dining table, a fully stocked kitchen and several doors that either lead to the bathroom, bedroom or various closets. No cockroaches in sight *phew*. I, of course, made a beeline for the bathroom while my friends where still playing 'rock, paper, scissor' to decide who uses the loo first. I only have one thing to say to that: "You snooze, you loose!" =P Bathroom: no questionable stains, clean towels, spacious...I am a fan! Bedroom: looks clean, TV, no questionable stains, king sized...I am in love! Kitchen: stove, microwave, utensils, dishes, pans and a fully stocked fridge??!! 0_o I. AM. IN. LUST...oh wait...those drinks belong to us!! heheOf course, we did what everyone did while in Sin city! We got piss drunk and partied like there was no tomorrow...NOT! Ja, we were able to come up with another great game that involves 'rock, paper, scissor' and shots! Um, yeah...we partied for one hr at the club. Saddest day of my life!! *sniff sniff*
3	Nice place. Stayed here with  like 9 other girls in a 2 bedroom suite and it fit us all very comfortably. Super soft beds, balconies and flat screen tv's.I knew this hotel was newly renovated so I knew what I was getting into (it's also a timeshare too). Nice ammenities and comes with a fully stocked kitchen (I don't see the point in cooking though when you're on vacation!). The fridge came in very handy for our liquor though.It's right on the strip, in back on the Harley and souvenir stores. It's also like a 5 minute walk to PH.No casino on site so it's not all smelly-smoky like all the other resorts. And for the one time I needed a cab, the front desk happily called for one and arrived in like 1 minute. Now that's good service.OK BUT FOR ALL THINGS GOOD, HERE COMES THE BAD.The bathrooms are dated. The tub/shower was a little on the grungy side.
4	Rachel T. finally turned 21 so we went to Las Vegas (of course)!  http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=25OmPP3O5K1nxsihJWZrEg  Maybe now that she's old enough to go to bars, she'll write more reviews.  I have stayed at the Towers before and I gotta say, I've never been disappointed... and neither were my friends.  The only annoying thing is having to do an inventory checklist, but that makes sense.  It's just the last thing I want to do after driving 6 hours.Need a time share?  Stay here.  Polo Towers is riiiiight on the strip next to the MGM.
4	My friend has a timeshare here and we use it about once a year when we have big groups coming to Vegas. Their suites are very large and luxurious and I couldn't find anything to complain about. I've stayed at the Venetian before and while the Venetian is definiately more luxurious, this place can accomodate more people for a given suite. There's also a greater sense of privacy here, so if you're into that then I suggest coming here. It's located slightly off the strip, but it's not inconvenient at all to walk to the big hotels (except Wynn).
2	My family has a time share in Mexico which we traded so that we could spend our vacation in Vegas this year.The hotel is actually pretty nice--we had a 2 bedroom suite and it was clean and well furnished (except the bathroom showers which looked like you'd find them in a motel and not a nice hotel). There was also a full kitchen in one part and a kitchenette in the other.The location is good, but it's about a 10 min walk to the nearest hotel (which is either Planet Hollywood or the Monte Carlo). MGM is also fairly close, and many other places are within walking distance.The problems we had? Maybe we're unlucky but my friend, who came to vacation with us, had her laptop stolen out of our room. Although hotel security 'did what they could', they never recovered it and did not tell us what steps they were taking to ensure that we could have our item returned. (A room across the hall also complained of stolen items). Although we were offered reimbursement, having the computer back would have been much better. I think that the hotel could have been much better at updating us with the status of the investigation. As it was, my friend called security almost every day to find out more about what was going on.Another thing--a mysterious bra showed up in our room (in the closet, no  less--why was someone going through our stuff??) right before we checked out that was definitely not there when we checked in. The front desk immediately connected me to the head of housekeeping when I reported this, but more than anything, this was... weird?
4	My husband and I along with 2 other couples stayed in two 1 bedroom suites over MLK weekend here. We have a timeshare so we used our points to book all the rooms here.The location is pretty good located on the southern side of the strip across from the Monte Carlo with shuttle services to the Fashion Show Mall. The rooms are pretty nice (we stayed in the Villas) though our patio had a view of the airport. The murphy bed in the living room was pretty cool and it was nice to have access to a kitchen. Our suite had a flat panel TV though our friends did not strangely.I like how the hotel is non-smoking (though a non-English speaking lady was clearly smoking in the hallway when I was there.Overall, a pretty nice place to stay especially when it was "free"--I cant complain. We stayed at the Marriot's Grand Chateau (also through timeshare) which is right next to it and I think a bit nicer. They at least had dual shower heads which I thought was amazing!
3	I went here for my best friends 21sst birthday. I was a little impressed, most of the time shares i've ever stayed in are dark and spooky and smell like urine. This one wasn't dark, and it smelled pee-free, although it was kinda spooky. Vegas is supposed to be crowded and exciting and fun, but there was absolutely noone in this hotel! I never ran into people in the elevator, or in the hallway, it's like we were by ourselves.The rooms were really nice, and the showers pretty much rocked, good walking distance from everything. I probably wouldn't stay here again, but for a cheap weekend trip to Vegas, not bad.
5	Stay: Fri-Sun, 3 day weekendRoom: 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom (not the villas, the other ones)# Occupants: 6 peoplePaid: $300 for 2 night stay ($150/night)I absolutely loved my stay here. It had everything you needed: dishes, kitchen utensils, pots and pans! The entry was beautiful with the horse theme. Everything was clean, perfect, ready to be lived in. Rooms looked exactly like the pictures.There was a main bedroom, one pull out sofa bed in the living room, and one pull down wall bed in the other bedroom. My main bedroom was perfect. Nice sized balcony, flat screen TV, and THE MOST COMFORTABLE BED I HAVE EVER SLEPT IN MY LIFE. My boyfriend and I both gushed about how the KING sized bed was unbelievably soft like a cloud, yet still firm to support and cradle your back. My bf always wakes up with a bad sore back because he has an old bed, but he told me that when he woke up on these beds he did not have any aches or pains! I love the crisp white cool sheets they used. I miss that bed so much. The other beds were crappy. They were queen sized pull out beds that were pokey and thin and not supportive. Good thing I didn't get those beds.Kitchen was fully equipped with everything I needed to bake some frozen french fries and fried spinach. The kitchen had a large fridge; perfect for all the alcohol that was brought. Nice sized kitchen, good for having a party at. Living room was nice, and clean, and spacious. Loved the massive flat screen TV and radio/IPOD player which we blasted during the night time parties. Got 2 noise complaints, so don't blast it too loud, and tell the annoying drunk girls to STFU. The bathroom was large, spacious, and everything was clean and worked perfectly. The SHOWER was AMAZING! I felt like i was in a full on hot waterfall! I just wanted to stand there and enjoy it and i did! Totally refreshing after a hard long night of partying in the condo or out on the strip. Had an abundant amount of towels for all 6 people, and the cleaning lady restocked our towels the next day. There were 2 balconies: 1 in the main bedroom and the other in the other bedroom. Nice views of LV from the windows. Rooftop pool/jacuzzi was really nice. Not enormous, but the swimming pool was only like 3-4 ft deep so just easy swimming or relaxing in the pool. Jacuzzi was clean, hot, bubbly, and nice! NOTE: do not bring glasses or those coffee mugs to the pool area, because security will tell you to put those away or put them back in your room. Underground parking was easy.Location was really nice! on the strip! We just walked a block down to MGM and went dancing at Studio 54 and just walked back. No need for taxi, unless you're that drunk to need it to take you 1 block back to Polo. Various closets to store stuff and luggage in. Overall, I loved my stay here. I enjoyed all the things Polo provided in the room. I would definitely stay here again. It's wayyyyyyy cheaper than staying at those expensive hotels! 5 stars!!!!
5	I typically stay in a hotel/casino when traveling to Vegas, but this was a nice break from that.  It was quite refreshing to escape that after spending a night partying.  The rooms are great, too.  Probably the most comfortable bed that I hve ever slept in.  It's also nice that they are suites and you can cook your own meals to save a few bucks.  I would definitely stay here again, and hope that I can find the pillows that they use.By the way, you have to be an owner to have it moderately priced, so it's definitely worth it.
4	Oh Polo Towers.. I stayed at the Suites @ poloPros: * Great location! 5-10 min walk from planet hollywood, mgm, ny ny, excalibur, bellagio and paris.*parking was easy, just need a parking pass and head down the* staff is very nice and helpful. Check in was pretty quick, and checkout was half that* Great rooms! stayed with about 6 of my guys and it was more than enough room for us. Comes with a ridge, stove, microwave, plates, utensils, even a little sponge and soap to wash your dishes. The couch folds out into a bed and the bed in the main bedroom is SUPER soft. It also has a balcony which is nice you got smokers in your group. Would have great views but they are still constructing that HUGE oriental hotel thing. Cant wait for that to open up!Cons:* not too many of these but one thing i was disappointed was the pool. Its located on top of the roof, kinda small, although its on the roof you dont really get a really good view of the strip. * people staying there- from what i've experienced it's been mostly families and older couples, and with staying with 5 other guys, isnt really much fun when you dont have any eye candy around. Also we had a noise complaint because our music was "too loud". It was 730pm on a friday night!! give us a break!Overall:Great experience... all we needed the room for was to sometimes eat, have a little preclubbing drinking session, and sleep. Oh and it was basically FREE (other than the $100 deposit, thanks dre!).
4	I stayed here for my sister's wedding weekend. My uncle and auntie own a timeshare with Polo Towers. Its in a really nice location pretty much in the middle of all the popular hotels and attractions. I haven't been to Vegas since middle school, the newest hotels were the bellagio and paris. While we were there they were still constructing Aria across the street and the insane looking center with the Louis Vuitton symbols. Everything is within walking distance.We stayed in a two room suite fully furnished with a full kitchen and living room. There was still a mini fridge and sink in the smaller of the rooms. There was apparently a leak somewhere in the building so we got a courtesy call letting us know what sinks and bathrooms were safe to use. I guess my sister didn't get that memo because the day of her wedding she used the bathroom and clogged it. haha pretty interesting for the plumbers to come in while we were getting ready for the wedding to fix the toilet. we dress up for such occasions of course.Parking is kind of not too glam considering how nice the lobby and overall feel of the hotel is like on the inside. There was a lot of construction going on at the time and we had to go out of the way to get to the parking lot. Its simply fenced off and you get a parking pass for the duration of your stay. I would definitely love to stay there again. It takes the pressure off of being surrounded by the vegas glam in a themed hotel and leaves you to discover them on your own accord.
4	Being that this was my third trip to Vegas in the span two months, almost every reaction to my trip was "AGAIN?" Yes again you jackals. This was mostly due to the fact that Cecilia C.'s mom had a timeshare at this place and we stayed for free-fifty-free. I am not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, so I was in it to win it, but I did kind of wonder what the heck this place was. I swear I had never heard of it and no matter how many times I read "it's right on the strip," I could not place this guy.Well, it's deceptively "right on the strip." Not in a bad way mind you, but once I saw it I was like, oh this guy. The Polo Towers sit behind one of the groups of shops on the strip - the one with the ridiculously huge tarp if you are familiar. Now even after we located it and managed to find the parking, we continued to miss it and get half lost the entire weekend, so heed my warning: just take the back streets. Exiting the 15, take Tropicana east, turn left on Koval, turn left on Harmon, and it will be located on the left where you see the huge parking lot. Just remember Koval and Harmon for the rest of the weekend, and you should be okay.I digress. So we had a group of five ladies staying in one of the two bedroom suites, which we believe could have easily accommodated at least two more. Between the two bedrooms and the huge living room it was like having three bedrooms as opposed to two. We also brought along an inflatable mattress, so only Cecilia C. and I actually ended up sharing a bed as the living room and bedroom had beds that magically popped out of the walls. The non-master bedroom, which we lovingly renamed the bat cave, also had a balcony, and this was perfect for:A) photos B) Tina because she smokes C) dragging Karey R.'s inflatable mattress to and playing 'ode to Hangover' D) All of the AboveIf you answered D, then you think way too much like us and you are right. And as many ladies who have packed a ton of girls into a hotel room know, even if everyone fits, there's never enough time/room for showers, makeup, hair, etc. Oh contraire I say. There are two bathrooms and therefore two showers (one of which is a Jacuzzi tub as well, which was taken full advantage of) and within the main bathroom there are two sinks and two mirrors making a grand total of three sinks and even more mirrors which are scattered around the rooms. We never ran into bathroom issues, which was awesome.That is the thick of it. There is also a full kitchen in the living room and a mini kitchen in the bat cave, neither of which was really taken advantage of this time around. There are also TVs everywhere as well as a dvd player, but we didn't have an extra minute to do any lollygagging. The only disappointment we ran into was JR down in the lobby. After asking for a cab we were donned "number three," but after a gaggle of floozies started flooding the lobby we didn't get in until cab #5 which was only because we jumped in and refused to get out. P.S. By checkout morning a bra had gone M.I.A.! All Karey R. and I could think about was the mysterious bra that showed up in this closet http://www.yelp.com/biz/polo-towers-las-vegas-2#hrid:WX4p1kRHqfipmn4sAqSSZg!!
5	Great place if ur going with tons of people. And if ur looking to save $$$ on a big spacious suite. Even if u go by yourself or with a friend its still a nice place to stay. i dont recommend staying in the studio suite because the room is so small!!!!! there is barely any walking space. id say for $40 more... stay in the one bedroom suite. Staff is extrememly nice and extended my check out to 11:30 am. Checkout is 10 am. Its a non smoking hotel, but doesnt matter for you smokers cuz all rooms come with a balcony. Its located right there on the strip next to PH. Parking was a hassle cuz valet was always full so we had to park in the back in a gated fence area. But we didnt mind. in some of the other reviews, i read how this hotel is for older people with families. well, all i have to say is that when i stayed there all i saw mostly young people ready to party it up. Overall, a great place to stay.
4	There are times when you go to Vegas and can't stay at Palazzo everytime.  And there are times when you can't stomach the thought of staying at Tropicana or Circus Circus.  Polo Towers meets these needs right in the middle.It is a timeshare, but was able to get a great deal on orbitz.  We had a one bedroom all to ourselves.  It was huge.  Could have easily been shared with someone else as it has a separate bedroom and pull out couch in the living room.  The place is spotless and it's really nice to have a kitchen for once.  (Plan well and take your fav bottle, mixer, and snacks).  The little balcony was also nice.The only negatives was the outside noise, which seems to be a problem in Vegas.  Why does the garbage truck that sounds like a 747 have to come at 5am?  Also, it is a short walk to the strip, but in heels can be killer and cabs are kind of sparse here.  But I would def stay again for the price.  A great deal for groups.
4	When I first yelped this place to see the ratings, the first review I saw said they found a random red bra in their room, and then I was like, great, it's one of those places that I know I will not like.  But surprise, surprise....no random red bra!  I actually really enjoyed staying here.  Some positives:- Obviously one of the great things about a timeshare in Vegas is having a fully stocked kitchen for all those leftovers that you just don't want to eat cold.- On the strip!  Thank god half of my Vegas budget did not go to cab fares! - Big bathrooms!  I mean it ain't anything like the bathrooms in the Venetian, but I always hated staying at places where if you stand in the middle, you are touching the toilet, bathtub and counter.  I guess it depends on which room you get, but the bathroom we got, people could definitely pass out there comfortably.- They had big balconies, double positive for the smokers who are lazy and don't want to go to the lobby.Negatives- There is no actual casino at the lobby.  You can't just go downstairs to get a quick bit or get lost in the casino.  The closest casinos are the MGM and Planet Hollywood.- Their water system would shut down randomly in the shower!  I guess it was a friendly reminder that you are wasting too much water and it's time to get out.Overall, I had a really good experience, I'd definitely stay here again if I have the chance!
1	I like staying in hotels without casinos - no smoke in the lobby and the lines move fast when checking in. Upon check in, I was handed off to the concierge who wanted to sell me something. I found him both prying and annoying.The room I checked into was spacious - a bit dated and drab, but functional. The next morning around 5:30 AM, the garbage being dumped outside my room woke me because the windows were shaking. When I went downstairs several hours later they promised me that was once a week. They lied.The next night when my toilet overflowed, the housekeeping operator sounded like she'd heard this complaint a hundred times. It took 6 different staff members to fix the issue. I ended up demanding another room because of how they handled it. Very unsanitary.The old room and the new room had a difficult time keeping the temperature comfortable. Either the AC overworked or it got hot and stuffy.Oh, there's never a cab at the place so you have to walk a long block or two to a real hotel to get a cab. The sundry has no alcohol, there's no bar or restaurant in the facility.When I checked out, I stored my bags. Upon my return I couldn't get anyone to help get them - making it a close shave at the airport. I would never stay here again. They could offer me a free room and I don't think I would take it. Maybe they rolled snake eyes on me, but I have stayed in many Vegas hotels and none have been this disappointing. Never again.
4	I got to stay here for free, as one of my travel companion's parents had timeshare points we used.   However, as a group of seven costs would have been WAY cheaper than any comparable location on the strip.We had a suite which included a one-bedroom and a studio.  There were balconies on both, and we luckily had a view of the strip!  One-bedroom breakdown:-Full kitchen with supplies (pots, pans, silverware, plates, cups, salt, pepper, sponge, dishwashing liquid, etc)-Bathroom with two sinks and big bathtub-Dining table + chairs-Huge TV-Bed and closet in the bedroom-Sofabed in the living room-Slept 5Bonus: Ipod dock and speakers...party in the room!Studio breakdown:-microwave, coffeemaker, cups-murphy bed-bathroom with shower stall-large TV, but not as big as the one-bedroom-slept 2This is more a family place, I can't say we didn't get some strange looks from other patrons strolling through the lobby "dressed to impress."  The staff was very courteous and we never had any sort of problem.The pool area is on the smaller side and got very crowded the weekend we stayed, so chairs/chaises/cabanas were all filled up.  However, you can grab all the towels you want and make your own little cushioned area.A big draw was the kitchen, stop by Von's on your way to stock it up!  There's nothing better than coming back at god-knows-what-hour and microwaving some mac-n-cheese, mmmmmm.
4	For the location and the price, this hotel is hard to beat.  I shall return!I hadn't even heard of this place, but after finding it on Kayak and seeing the good reviews on Yelp and TripAdvisor, we booked it.  Like the Wyndham Grand Desert, it's a timeshare.  The rooms are more like apartments complete with kitchens, so if you eat in, you'll have more money for gambling!Our check-in line was longer than what we're used to (we got there around 4:30).  We lucked out and got an upgrade from a studio to a one bedroom!  We were then led to the concierge, who proceeded to give us some dining recommendations.  He then tried to get us to sign up for the timeshare "presentation" by promising us free gifts, but we passed.  I strongly suggest following our lead, unless you enjoy three hour long sales pitches.  He didn't say what the free gifts would be, but I doubt that they would have been worth our time.  I guess another alternative would be to make an appointment and blow it off, but then they would probably try to call your room.Anyway, our room was very spacious and comfortable.  It included a king-size bed as well as the queen-size Murphy.  Our kitchen had a stove, oven, and a huge fridge.  The bathroom included what they called an "open shower".  This means that after using the shower we often wound up flooding part of the bathroom.  Angling the shower head toward the wall seemed to help a bit.We were really lucky to get the upgrade because the king-size bed was far more comfortable than the queen-size.  Spending the extra $15 or so for the one bedroom would probably be worth it for most, unless you plan to get really drunk and pass out every night.If you're going to be spending your time on the Strip, this is the place to stay!
4	We own a Timeshare, and received a special offer to stay on the Strip. We had a Mini-Family Reunion to go to and this place was perfect. The rooms all had Kitchen and a spacious living area. The Rooms had a balcony and our room had a Front side view of the Strip. The rooms also come with a Sink, Dishes, Fridge, Stove top, and Microwave oven. The place is also ideal for entertaining because they have a Dining room table and a couch you can chill out on. Fitness Center, 2 different Pools, and Business Center with no charge is also appealing. Plenty of Parking and it is Free. The Kid's Pool area is more like a lot of Fountains and Water spouts for little Toddlers and lil' ones to play in. The Pool on the roof is for everyone until a certain time. It has a Jacuzzi and you can see the Vegas Strip. Be warned, we went up there around 5pm, and there was a lot of Heavy Petting going on in the Pool. Think of that scene in the Matrix Trilogy where you see the Orgy/ Party at Zion. Other than that, The Hotel is ideal for Family fun and convenience of the Strip. Steps away from Gameworks and the M &M store. We will be back and definitely would stay again. Timeshare owners, just say no at the end of Tour and collect your free gifts.
1	Became a time share owner about 8 years ago, what a BIG MISTAKE!I hardly use it because all the dates I ask for are booked, and they give preference to non-owners, so they can sucker them into buying in.  Don't do it.  Maintenance fees are outrages, expect to pay about $1,000 a year.  You can't sell until you pay it off completely.  Exchange resorts are always booked as well.  Not a happy camper.  DON'T DO IT PEOPLE!!!
1	I have many time shares that overlap many various organizations. I have traveled seamlessly throughout the U.S. without any issues until today. I have stayed at Inteval International resorts, Worldmark resorts, Trendwest resorts, Welk resorts, RCI resorts, and more. I traded in some points to stay at a Diamond Resorts International resort location, Polo Towers in Las Vegas.I reserved the location months ago without issue. On a Monday, a week before we were to arrive, Ashley from the marketing department/concierge department called me to confirm my stay, accommodations, and to see if there was anything she could do to make our upcoming stay better. I asked Ashley a few questions and she was very helpful. A major question I asked was whether or not we (as a family with kids) could watch the fireworks from the rooftop pool. Ashley confirmed that yes we could.One week before we left, on the Friday before, I called Ashley again to RE-CONFIRM that we could watch the fireworks from the rooftop pool area with the kids. Once again, Ashley said, YES WE COULD WATCH THE FIREWORKS FROM THE ROOFTOP POOL AREA. She even went as far as to suggest that we get up early and get a cabana to the family can enjoy the day even more.This is a week before mind you.We arrive and all is good. The bell staff and valets are very helpful and nice when we arrive early. They get our baggage out of the car and store it for us and even suggest places nearby to hang out while we wait for our room to get ready. We come back when they tell us and wait in the overly long line to check in (even though we already pre-checked in) for 35 minutes. We check in and we are in our villa.The villa is nice and decent size and more than good for our expectations. We get settled in and everything is nice. Then comes Independence Day.I woke up at 5:30am in Vegas. You read that correctly. I woke up at 5:30am in Vegas. I got upstairs to the rooftop pool and brought coffee to accompany me while I sat and saved a cabana by the pool. I waited there for hours while the rest of my family slept because Ashley said it would be a good idea.The rest of my family came up later that morning and spent time at the pool (3' and pretty damn cold) and jacuzzi (not very hot). We spent all day there and had a blast. The view was perfect for the fireworks that were coming (Mandalay Bay Hotel and Flamingo Hilton and more) because we could see all hotels perfectly from our rooftop oasis.Then it all came crashing to an abrupt halt. Security came through and told us that we couldn't be in the pool area after 5pm unless we were grilling and everyone in our party was over 13 years old. My kids are 9, 5, and 1. We had to go. I informed them of what Ashley told me TWICE. It didn't matter.I called the security office and asked to speak to a supervisor or manager. I got a lackey who listened to my grievances and was understanding but said that all he knew was that 5pm was the rules...no matter what. The manager/supervisor I asked to return my call never happened.Soon after, Carlos from the front desk called my cell phone to say that he heard about my "situation" from security and told me that this was all a misunderstanding on my part. Nice right. Customer service matters a lot at Polo Towers. I regurgitated my information from Ashley in marketing/concierge and what she recommended and my response was that I was misunderstood. I was misunderstanding the situation even though I checked and double checked.Carlos was NO HELP AT ALL. He merely stated that he was sorry that I was unhappy and that was it. No attempt to rectify the situation or offer any suggestions to help save the now ruined 4th of July.My kids don't understand that we had to leave. They don't understand that we were lied to. They don't understand that we were misled. All they understand is that we didn't get to see the fireworks. No fireworks. Nothing else.Polo Towers screwed my family out of their Independence Day. This was supposed to be a great experience and it didn't happen. Instead, we spent the night walking the insanely crowded Las Vegas Strip with three kids who kept asking, "Why can't we stay at the pool, Daddy?"Try explaining this to kids who had their hearts set on watching fireworks from a rooftop because their Dad said they would. I sincerely recommend that everyone boycott Polo Towers in Las Vegas. Diamond Resorts International and Polo Towers do not have their shit together and could honestly care less about anyone, especially kids on major holidays. Not cool.
1	I had planned a trip to Vegas for fourth of July for a while. Initially we were going to stay at Hilton but a person in our party had a timeshare so we switched here. After reading yelp reviews I was hesitant and for good reason. Had no problem checking in and the rooms at the 2 bedroom villas were decent. Bedrooms were really small but living room was huge. The location was okay, quick walk to planet Hollywood which I LOVE but also near a stripmall which was sort of gross. The valet sucked and was full EVERY night we were there. Lame. I understand it was a holiday weekend but the should have prepared by using the adjacent Parking lot. Also compared to the 6 other strip hotels I have stayed at the street noise was ridiculously loud! I could not fall asleep and woke up often. The fridge in the room was too loud to be background noise to sleep to. Cant comment about housekeeping because we never asked for any. Also we were told by the front desk that there were no 4th of July fireworks on the strip. Later at Caesars palace we found out they did have them and we missed them because we were lied to. Other than that I probably wouldn't stay here again even though the rooms were decent. You can find cheaper nicer hotels on the strip with way better customer service and lots more to do!
4	Polo Towers brought together the following addition of fun for our comfortably serviced hero:      Adjoining 2 bedroom suite      One and a half full fridges for stocking his own alcohol      Good soundproofing from the neighbors+   iPod docks in each room------------------------------------------------------------------------------------=   Rockin' pre-party in our hero's suite every single night in VegasPROS:- Spacious adjoining 2 bedroom suites that include everything you'd need for an extended stay: cutlery, plates, fridges, two large bathrooms, and a full kitchen!- Good prices for 2 bedroom suites that can sleep 6 people comfortably starting at about $150 a night.- Front desk staff printed as many room key cards as we needed, despite losing at least one every night.- Very comfortable beds and clean facilities.CONS:- Even though it seems like it's right on the strip from Google Maps, it's located a stone's throw away behind some shops.  This makes it a bit difficult to hail cabs from your lobby unless you call ahead for one.- The rooftop pool is pretty small and closes fairly early at night.- It's kind of embarrassing to have a kiddie pool and water park in the back of the hotel.
1	The room was tiny, the pull down bed was uncomfortable, and the bathroom was also small. The door to the patio self locks when you're outside, and I got locked out at 3am. Dangerous and inconvenient! The night manager said it happens all the time.Finally, on check out day, at 8.30 am, the front desk called up to ask if I wanted to take a survey. That added insult to injury after I'd spent hours of the night on the balcony locked out.After reading other reviews, I think I got the small half of a suite which explaind only getting a pull down bed.
4	This place was awesome. Ive been here before with friends that have a 3 bedroom time share and was very impressed. This time stayed in the normal studio with a murphy bed. Small kictchen with microwave, fridge, cups, plates and silverware. Having these items are huge brownie points for me! Bed was very comfy, room was clean and modern. Flat screen tv, ipod doc. Only thing that annoys me is that the wifi isn't free.
1	only an idot would buy a time share at polo towers . it is 11:37 p.m. las vegas time and im writting this yelp because i cant sleep from the pounding music next to my room . im wearing ear plugs and still can feel and hear the noise going through the paper thin walls.  security said there going to check on the problem. im so sorry i didnt believe the other yelpers who had bad things to say about polo towers . i figured how bad can it be ? well im learning the hard way how  bad it is. i checked in oct 05 , 2010 and it is only oct 09, 2010 and couldnt wait  anymore to write this yelp.  after you check in they send you to the concierege desk to bullshit you into buying the time share that cost 2-3 timesmore then if you rent it.  they charge you $ 250.00 deposit then another $ 20.00 deposit for the time share sales pitch they screwed up and  charged me $ 20.00 it took me about 4 hours  of calling my credit card company and going desk to desk making complaints  to finally get that charge taken off my credit card. plus i had more trouble with the billing with the i bahn internet service $ 13.95 for 72 hours . for now on i will use the business center on the first floor and hope no one hacks my bank accounts. they tell you that youre getting 2 free shows and 2 free dinners... wrong you only 1 free dinner and 1 free show.  i know this fact because the couple before me was told the same thing and learned the hard way you only get 1 of each  after you take the sales presenation. the sales person knew right after he met me i was no sucker and wasnt going to buy any thing . ]im renting a studio apt . on the 16 th floor  facing mgm grand ( the south side of polo towers ) .  small room i paid $ 293 a week including tax through orbits.com. that comes out to $ 41. 80 a night . you can hear loud garbage trucks from most rooms at 6:30 a.m.
3	I would have given this place a higher rating has it not been for a snaffo on my second to last night here. One of my guests had been worn out from a afternoon of walking the hot Strip and brunching and decided to return to Polo Towers while we rode the roller coaster at NY NY. Upon finishing with the ride we arrived back at the Polo Towers to find out elevator key did not work. We walked to the constantly bustling front desk to inquire about the problem. They informed me we had been checked out as our reservation was only until Sunday. Now I have stayed in TONS of hotels and never made this mistake, but I am human, and they encouraged me to go check with expedia in the business center. 30 minutes later (an hour and half since my friend had been waiting for us in the lobby) I produce the paperwork from expedia saying that indeed our checkout wasn't until the 11th. Of course that wasn't good enough they had us sit in  the lobby for another 20 min while they contacted expedia before I had to approach the desk again. This time she says, without explanation, I'm issuing your keys now, by this point I'm pretty irritated as over an hour of my time has been wasted. Nothing was offered for my wasted time, and their error, other than a meek I'm sorry. Other than that we had to routinely request housekeeping services if they didn't enter our room during the first sweep. (most hotels have their staff make another sweep if the privacy sign is on the door.) This was annoying to deal with. Otherwise we had a SUPER competitive rate I think we paid $435 including taxes for 4 nights in a BEAUTIFUL classically decorated 1 bedroom suite complete with full size stove, fridge, microwave, a booming stereo system, ipod deck, two dvd/vcs's two flat screen tv's a double vanity bathroom, balcony, and all accoutrements. No complaints with any of that equipment. The busy lobby always had a nice scent (random I know) and soothing piano playing and water features. Keycard elevator access gave us peace of mind. The mini convenience store on site was actually fairly priced (for Vegas) and the staff super friendly. Business center had free printing and in room wireless internet was available for $13.95 for 3 nights which I found reasonable (should be free!) Check-out took less than 1 minute and the tucked away location on the Strip can't be beat, never had problems grabbing a cab or walking to any of the nearby properties. Would stay again but only if I got an equally great rate. Planet Hollywood Towers next door looked great and similar, if geared more to the younger, and hip guests we were :-) Of fitness center is $8 per person per day if you chose to use it what a rip off! I didn't get bothered to buy (firmly informed them my parents already own at Daily Management Resorts and they backed off) However, they did get us front of the line, no cover access to XS at Encore which couldn't be beat!
4	Good cheap place on/off the strip.  The studio ($90) is just fine if you need a cheap place to just to sleep/shower a block off the strip.  The room comes fully stocked with utensil, plates, bottle opener, and a mini fridge.  It has a wall pull-out (Murphy bed) that was quite comfortable. There was a flat screen TV, 2 iHomes for you to plug-in your ipods.The pool-deck on the roof was nice with cabanas, jacuzzi,  and 2 BBQ grills.  The only bad thing was the pool was 3 1/2 feet deep all around.  There like a kiddie water park in the back with some sprinklers or something.  The gym charges around $8 a day.Like I said, it's a short walk to the strip with a 24 hour McDonalds, Walgreens, CVS, and plenty of liquor stores within close proximity.  Be warned, it is a time share, so they will try to convince you to take a tour or go to a seminar.  We squashed that real quick and weren't asked again.  I would stay here again.  Nice family oriented atmosphere with no casino or smoke to deal with.
4	This is a great place to stay if you're looking for something cheap and central on the strip! Definitely a hidden gem. A lot of people look to places like Imperial Palace for cheap options.. I'm here to tell you-- if you don't care about having a casino at your hotel, POLO TOWERS IS THE PLACE TO BE! Their accommodations are WAY NICER than Imperial Palace! I believe this place is a timeshare, but you can book rooms here like a hotel.  My friends and I booked a 2-room accommodation!  What we got is a living room (with pull-out couch), a fully stocked kitchen, and two bedrooms (one of which was a connected studio). We had sooooo much SPACE! It was pretty awesome. Not to mention, everything super clean and classy looking as well!Without a doubt, I recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
3	"Don't judge a book by its cover."A rule to live by while staying here. As we drove up to this place, we look at the Polo Towers and wonder, "What kind of janky place are we staying at?" It's behind the Hawaiian market, and next to a McDonald's. Our friend booked it because someone had a time share, so we just went with the flow. The parking lot looks shady as well, but once we stepped inside to check-in, we were wowed. Not wowed to the extent that this place was stunning (like The Signature that I stayed at two weeks ago), but it was pretty nice!We had a two bedroom suite. The main room had the master bedroom, balcony, master bath, kitchen and living room with a sofa bed. The connecting room had a Murphy bed, balcony, kitchenette and bathroom. The kitchen was equipped with the essentials as well as a blender and toaster, but it didn't have any baking sheets for the oven. Overall, a nice place to stay for a decent amount of money. It's centrally located (right across the street from the City Center).
1	Purchased a night's stay via a 'Get an unnamed 3-star hotel room for cheap' offered by a big online booking company. Cost: $80 plus taxes fees etc. Problems began immediately.1. Checking in at 2 PM on a Friday, the wait was over an hour. Two people manning a desk area designed for 6-12. So be prepared to spend a long time standing in line after your long drive/flight.2. My $80 3-star room was tiny, with one of those bathrooms where you can touch all four walls from the toilet. 'Kitchenette' was a microwave, a refrigerator and a bar sink. Best of all was the MURPHY BED, which required you to push the sofa into the last remaining bit of space in the room so the only floor space was the strip from the left bedside to the bathroom. Sleeping on the right? Prepare to crawl over your bed partner at 4 AM to use the facility.3. Had to take an elevator 20 stories up and go to the complete other side of the tower for the one ice machine for the entire building.4. Repeated calls from Diamond Resorts (average 1 per month) for some free offer despite my repeated declarations that I have no interest in what they can provide and to stop calling me.Item #2 above in particular irks me - this was clearly a 'bait and switch' where they appear to offer the full suite, but you only actually book the 'in-law' portion of the suite with the tiny everything and murphy bed etc.Save yourself the annoyance of a time-share trying to be a hotel and stay at an actual hotel.
5	Perfect place to stay.
5	My father in law has a timeshare with the polo towers and I have to say I dont know much about the prices however, I do know all about the expirence. First of all, it ALWAYS smells so good in the place! Even though it is a block away from the strip it doesnt seem like it at all. The one bedroom is pretty big. large closets, huge bathroom with two vanitys and two sinks.... and a jetted jacuzzi tub to DIE FOR! they have a full stocked kitchen with everything you need except food ofcourse! but dont worry they have a little market downstairs in the lobby and if you cant find what you need there they have a walgreens and cvs close by! they have a pull down bed in the living room that doesnt look like one at all! and a dining room/living room area with a TV. The bedrooms are decently sized with a king size bed (also to die for) and a small balcony. The maids come in daily and go a great job stalking you with whatever it is that you need. This place does NOT have a casino but I think its better that way anyway, you can get away from all the loudness if you really wanna, If not... its only a short walk to the nearest casino! They do have a pool on top of the building and yes... it does close quite early, it does onl go up to 3 feet but they do have private cabanas and a jacuzzi! I think the big purk about this place is they have a kids waterpark in the back!! =) THIS PLACE IS GREAT FOR KIDS! oooo, and they also have boardgames at the front desk =)I love this place!!!
4	I agree with Kristina assessment of the Polo Towers listed on the last review.  It is a time share resort (owned by Diamond Resorts International) but they do rent out to the public.  Our trip is a direct result of Diamond International pitch for time share.  They called and offered a 3 night stay in Vegas for $160 and all we had to do was sit through a 2 hour time share presentation (which we actually did not have to do because they over booked).  My wife and I wanted to go to Vegas and they gave us a good reason.ACCESS:  The hotel is right off the strip, one block past MGM behind the Hawaiian Market...OUTSIDE:  If there was a drawback to this place... this was it.  OMG the place has not changed in 25 years.  I originally did not want to stay here when they called because I had stayed here 15 years ago.  The service then was horrible and the rooms were just as bad as the outside.  They assured me not to judge a book by its cover because they completely renovated the inside.  If you want a big fancy hotel that looks pretty when you walk/drive up, this is not the place.... but who really sleeps outside looking in VALET- Free and very respectful.  They did take a while when we were leaving, but that was the only snatch at all.CHECK-IN:  We actually arrived in Vegas around noon and check-in was not until 4:00pm.  The front desk were super nice and hooked us up with a room right then.BELL SERVICE:  Really quick with luggage and helpful towards my wife for any needsROOM - As promised they were quite nice and had been renovated.  We actually got a 2 bedroom which is a 1 bedroom unit connected* to a studio unit.  The only difference, besides the extra bedroom, was the 1 bedroom unit has a full kitchen.  The studio actually has a sofa-bed and a wall unit that comes down into a bed... pretty cool.  1 bedroom unit has 2 flat screens and the studio has 1.  Both have DVD, IPOD Radio, alarm clocks, phone, coffee maker, shower.   We filled the fridge with the wine and beer we brought, made a glass and hit the strip.*The connecting doors are secured and the only way to access is to have security come up at check-in and have them unlock the door for you.   They were super fast, probably 5 min after we called, and very courteousLOCATION:  One of the things I loved about this hotel is you do not have to walk through a massive casino to get to your room.  Stone's throw from McD's and Fatburger on the strip and very short walking distance to starbucks and a major food court (between Polo and MGM).  There is a Walgreen's next door and a CVS across the street.  MGM and PH are pretty much the same distance from the Polo Towers when you walk out.  Other nice thing is in front of the hotel on the strip is a bus stop.  Buy a city pass and you can go from casino to casino easily without paying/waiting for cabs.SAFETY:  Hotel seems pretty safe and you actually need your room key to get up to your floor.  All elevators require you to use your key to make them move.  Rooms have safes and double locks on the doors..  I really did not see any issues or hear of anythingPOOL:  Not the Flamingo or the Mirage, but it was decent and cool being on the roof.  There is no children access to the pool after 5 by the way.... It IS on their website and part of the rules they hand you when you arrive.CHECKOUT:  Very quick and done over the phone.  Only hitch honestly is it took them a little longer to get the car, but it was still pretty quick for Vegas and it was free.
4	Nice, clean rooms right on the strip across from the new city center.  Full kitchen and refrigerator were convenient to have.  The only downfall, the nights are noisey but for the price it is a great deal!
4	I went on my first trip to Vegas and used my timeshare points with Diamond to stay here. not only was I very impressed with the two bedroom suite that I had, but with customer service as well. Polo Towers is located right on the strip...well not exactly but it has a 7/11...bar in front of it. It will take you no more than five minuted to get to the strip from your room...anyway, the rooms were great. They allowed me to pick my room as well as my view. I was also able to leave my baggage with the bell clerk since my flight arrived in Vegas around 11 am and check in was not unitl 4 pm. If your room is available, they will allow you to check in early. They also had some of the most comfortable beds...Furniture is contemporary. They also allowed me to stay until noon when check out was 10 am. So basically, all you have to do is ask and they will try to accomodate:)
4	In the cab from the airport, after transferring planes and flying through turbulence for eight hours, at what, to our East Coast bodies and minds, was 3:30AM, our cabbie said, "Oh, you're staying *there*?" and wrinkled his nose in disgust. "Well, I guess you can at least *see* The Strip from there." That was how our Vegas vacation started. So we were pretty surprised when he pulled up to hotel less than a block off what appeared to be a pretty central location on The Strip. We walked into the clean, bright marble lobby filled with plush chairs and couches and were quickly checked in to our 2 bedroom suite. Even more surprising was the suite itself, which was plenty large enough for our group of 4-6 (two left halfway through the week). I won't describe the room in detail, as Yelpers have already done so in several other reviews, but it was certainly very nice. Screw you and your judgmental ways, cabbie.The next morning we drove over to Wal-mart and stocked up on groceries to take advantage of our full kitchen. Cooked some meals in-house and saved a bunch of cash-- awesome (this might not be a bonus for those of you who aren't on the living-paycheck-to-paycheck-but-need-a-vacation-so-bad-I-don't-care plan, but it was great for us)!Didn't mind at all that we didn't have a casino in the hotel. Plenty of them were a short walk away, as were tons of other things to do, including the half price ticket booth, which we could quickly run out to in our PJs first thing in the morning. The only issue we had was that the pool and jacuzzi was closed for maintenance during our stay. I know they have to maintain it sometime, and I know February tends to be there "slow season," but it was still disappointing. All in all, I'd highly recommend staying at the Polo Towers, and would definitely stay there again-- hopefully sometime when the pool is in working order!
4	very nice place to stay. perfect location on the strip. we rented from an owner that owns a week in the timeshare.rooms are large, clean, fully equipped with everything you can imagine (full kitchen). 1 bdrm unit is about 600 sq.ft. and feels very spacious.pool area on roof top was very nice, clean and perfect for relaxing, reading a book under the sun.when we first checked in to our original room, there was a bad smell of rotten egg and sewage in the room. we called front desk and they changed us to another room right away. the next room was perfect. they even called us 10 mins later to follow up if all is ok with new room.as a time share resorts which doesnt include full cleaning service, we felt it was great as well.we had stuff come in daily to change the garbage and provide towels, shampoos etc.they try to get you to come and listen to the sale pitch.....to buy a unit as well however we felt they werent too pushy at all and we manage to decline and say we werent interested. if you are looking to go, its about 90 mins of brainwash...so be strong....at the end you walk away with show tickets or restaurant money....$100 for an 90 mins of your time....we felt it wasnt worth our time.really a very nice stay. we wanted to have the kitchen for the week so we can have light breakfast/lunch and wont need to eat all the time in the local grease joints so just for that - it was worth it.we took the wi fi internet deal they have....for one week it was like $35...a little slow but totally ok and not too expensive. they also offer free computers with printers downstairs in the lobby area so its not a must....we didnt rent a car and found it was totally not needed. we like walking and you are right near everything anyways.we ordered our first grocery purchase online from vons and schedule its delivery for our arrival. it was great and delivery is free!the resort also has a shuttle 3 times a week which we actually took one time as well (you need to register to that service which we didnt know however there was room on the bus so they took us). there is also a shuttle service to an outlet mall once a week i think which is nice to knowwill for sure try to stay here again as it was perfect for what we need and we enjoyed our stay.
4	We stayed here for a week in March.  I was a bit hesitant to book it here since I have never heard of or even noticed the place before.  After reading yelp reviews as well as trip advisor, we went ahead and booked... plus the price was definitely right!  We weren't disappointed. We checked in pretty late close to midnight & had a special request (we were to stay in a studio for 3 days then transfer to a 2 bedroom unit when our family members arrived later that week). Christina at the check-in desk was absolutely wonderful & most accommodating. She ensured that we got a studio that was attached to a 1 bedroom unit scheduled to be vacant so that we wouldn't have to make a big move or go through the hassle of checking out then checking in again. That was really awesome. Sales pitch was never an issue with us as it was not mentioned even once!  The studio unit is honestly pretty small & can feel almost claustrophobic at times, but it is clean, well kept & good value. When the door tp the adjacent 1 bedroom unit opened up (to make a 2 bedroom unit), we had plenty of place to move about. Large seating area, a full kitchen & a big bedroom were fantastic. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Polo towers.  The walk to the Las Vegas blvd is less than half a block - it was much shorter walk than I thought it would be!  Mid-strip location was also fantastic. Convenience stores (including the one within the polo tower), a discount show ticket booth, cheap fast food restaurants are very close. We wouldn't hesitate to book here again the next time we are in Vegas.
4	I have to admit that if I had not won a weekend here from bar trivia I would not have given the Polo towers a thought as a place to stay in Vegas. The exterior is dingy and the fact it's a time share didn't help any either. But upon staying the weekend in a two bedroom suite I must admit I came away impressed. The interior is clean and comfortable, the time share pitches weren't overly intrusive, and the rooms are spacious and well appointed. I'd say they are on par with the more basic rooms at Caesars or Monte Carlo with nicer TVs. The in room fridge was useful as well. The roof top pool was solid if unspectacular. Good value brings this review up to 4 from a 3.
5	What a beautiful place to stay!!!  Less than a block from the strip, this hotel is just a skip away from all the action, but without the price tag.  The suites are spacious and up to date with great electronics and a full kitchen. I agree with Jill H. : "This is really a hidden gem in Vegas." I will return- OVER AND OVER again!!!
3	Free valet for guests, short line checking in, although we did check in at 11pm. Everything is almost a few steps away, like planet hollywood. Very pleasant concierge (Ben, i think) but i'm not too fond of the front desk guy. We stayed in a 1 bedroom villa, good size, no laundry but kitchen is cool & pretty complete. We got a nice view of strip and kiddie splash pool. Nothing special 'bout the living room with pull out sofa, nice touch with the ipod dock both in living and bed room though. Small enclosed room with i think a king bed, the doors are the worst i think, they're the one's that has no door knobs and just slides and locks with these metal plates. i dont know, sometimes they would lock and sometimes not. bathroom with double sink but shower was kinda weird, seems like they removed the tub so it's just tiles, nothing to keep the water inside the shower area, so we ended up using a lot of their towels to dry the floors. air conditioning was noisy, woke us up every few minutes. pool on the 22nd floor was nice, heated, good for kids, only goes up till 3 feet. the splash pool for the kids was just okay, a little too chilly coz the sun doesn't reach the bottom floor with all the buildings all around it. fitness center looked nice, never had the chance to go. wifi isn't free, so thats a bummer.no restaurant on site, but the mc donalds was like 2 minutes away from the hotel.
5	Polo Towers/ Diamond Resorts is an awesome place to stay that puts you practically on the strip minus the exhorbitant price tag that the larger hotels enforce on your wallet.Great villas, spacious and modern enough furniture. I would definitely return.
1	You need to know the difference between a suite and a room. A room is the guest portion of a suite !!!!!!! If you want a nice room and decent custom service STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE !!!!!!!!!!!!
4	SUPER surprised at the quality of our room and service! We booked this room last minute for the Saturday before Memorial Day and were NOT expecting anything nice with the the price being so cheap. We were shocked to show up and see that we were practically on the strip, located across from MGM and The Cosmopolitan. We were able to park ourselves, and upon check in were told that we were given a complimentary upgrade (not a bad way to start off the experience). Our room was apartment style with a full kitchen, dining room,  separate bedroom with king size bed and balcony, and a pull out queen bed in the couch with a HUGE bathroom.Definitely plan on staying here again.
4	The rates are great and the suites are spacious and well-laid out.  I would avoid the studios, since they are notoriously small.  We stayed in a Villa suite.  The suite was clean and well-designed and it also had a gorgeous and huge bathroom with 2 sinks and a tub the size of a small jacuzzi.  The room also had a small full kitchen in it including a full size refrigerator, a microwave, a stove, a dishwasher and a complete set of dishes, pots and pans.The bedding was really nice and comfortable and I loved the pillows so much that I bought one of them.I did not receive a good orientation checking in and I had added a day onto my stay and I was not thrilled that the days weren't combined.  I had to get the room keys rescanned on Sunday and also get another parking pass with Sunday's date on it.  I had no idea that there was a pool on the roof or that there was a convenience store somewhere on the property.  I found this out later while reading other guest's reviews after arriving home.The service I received was really good for the most part.  I did not care for the check-in, because it took a long time and I didn't get all of the facts about the hotel.  Most of the staff was extremely helpful and accommodating, including the security guy.  The first issue that I had was with the thermostat.  We had been traveling in the heat all day long and I wasn't feeling well and I couldn't get the thermostat below 68 degrees.  I called up the front desk and asked if they could do anything and they got the engineer to lower it a couple of degrees.  That was awesome.That said, however, I was less than thrilled with the housekeeping staff.  I needed to leave and called up for some towels and it took over half an hour to get them.  When they finally got there, I was actually on the phone asking for the manager.The bellhops were both nice and very helpful, but there didn't seem to be enough of them to go around, especially at checkout time.  Polo Towers doesn't allow you to just borrow the cart, so you have to wait for a bellhop.  When I went to the bellhop desk to ask for assistance for checkout, I actually had 5 people in front of me waiting for one.  Give yourself an extra 20 minutes if you need a bellhop.The checkout is kind of early - at 10 AM.  A late checkout is 11AM.  I am not a morning person, so a later time or a little more flexibility with the time would have been nice.  A forewarning for those other non-morning people out there - get out on time or they charge you a $50 fee for checking out late.
4	stayed here for majority of my last stay in vegas. Rooms were excellent.  I was not sure what to expect but it was the best location on the strip.  Right by Planet Hollywood and  right near MGM and Monte Carlo was right across the street.  Not too impressed by the pool though, for such a big resort area I thought the pool was very very small. -everything else was great in the room.  Staff was very helpful at the desk to get you cabs and stuff for the nights out.  I did notice cabs did not come here as frequently as some place like Marriot Grand Chateau though..
5	i would have never expected this !a living room, flat screen tv, a mini kitchen with a stove and everything!!! VERY VERY COOL!! LOVE IT!only thing is that u need to buy a permit parking pass to park here..yuck.
5	i was gonna dock a star for not having free wifi....buuuuut.....after stopping by The Orleans and finding out their wifi is $50 for 24 hours....polo towers' $14 for 3 days is definitely not a bad deal.so here's what i like about polo towers:-balcony-KITCHEN AND FRIDGE-i'm pretty sure the pillows are stuffed with stem cells because you feel rejuvinated after laying on one-walking distance to the strip and FATBURGER-a balcony-a VHS player for watching the mighty ducks trilogy, because thats what you do when you go to vegaswhat i didn't like:-awkward racist chauffeur guy-i went home without stealing a pillow
4	Win! Polo Towers is an excellent location (ya know, ON the strip, across from Aria/Cosmopolitan and PH) AND the one bedroom suites come equipped with awesome amenities.  Fridge, stove, microwave, dishwasher, plus all the kitchen items you would EVER need.  If you're looking to save some money on vacay, just head out to your grocery store of choice and stock up on breakfast foods, snacks and, of course, pre-gaming items.  Party time, for sure.The one bedroom suite easily fits 4 people (two people for the bed and then two people on the sofabed).  If you get just a studio, the area is a little cramped for 2 people (plus, you don't get the full sized fridge, oven or dishwasher).  The beds in the studio are Murphy beds, but really comfortable.  The only problem is that you basically have no room to walk in the room once the bed is down, so make sure that you're sharing the room that you will not get annoyed with.  Oh, check-out is at 10am, which is insanely early for Vegas.  You HAVE to be out or else they charge your card $100, so be aware of that.  The employees were kinda pushy/fake when trying to entice you to attend a timeshare presentation.  I mean, that's their job, so I can't really fault them on that.  We made sure to avoid them at all costs the rest of the stay, though.    Other:+No casino on site+Free Business Center - open til 10pm, I think+Elevators are a little slow in Tower 3/Villas+Keycards frequently became inactive and were a pain to bust out EVERYTIME you enter the elevator+Rooftop pool closes at 5pm (kinda early, right?!)+Underground parking is AMAZING+Towel and trash service daily, but room cleaning only occurs like 1x if you stay for the full week+Rooms equipped with alarm clock, dvd players and stereo?  Pretty awesome.+Enter from Harmon to avoid the horrific Strip traffic
2	Polo Towers is on the strip and all the major hotels are within walking distance. Planet Hollywood, which offers a whole plethora of things, is located within a two minute walk of the hotel. My parents, my brother and his wife, and I all stayed in this hotel for seven days. We rented out two rooms: one bedroom suite and one studio room. My parents and I stayed in the one bedroom suite; my brother and his wife stayed in the studio.One bedroom suite:+ Kitchen has a coffee maker, blender, toaster, oven/stove, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator. + Spacious bathroom. Water shot out of the showerhead with so much pressure that hot air came out+ Dining table complete with four chairs+ Small balcony compared to the one the studio has+ Living room has sofa bed, queen size mattress. I slept here. Mattress was springy, had little cushioning+ Two large TVsStudio room:+ Bed comes out of wall, queen size bed fits right over the couch, after all the cushions are removed+ One TV, smaller than the ones in the one bedroom suite+ Kitchenette: small refrigerator, coffee maker, sink. Cannot do any major cookingOther:+ Business center. Free Internet access. Only three terminals available for use. Always a line to use terminals though. + Small rooftop pool. Max pool area capacity is 30 people. Closes at 5pm for kids and 10pm for those 18+. Max pool depth was 3.5 feet. Really cold water.+ Kiddie pool on ground floor in the back of the hotel+ Six elevators for Towers 1 and 2; three for Tower 3. Must use keycard every time you go up. If going down to the lobby, no keycard is required.+ Parking underground and in fenced off parking lot. Valet parking available. Need parking permit. Front desk will give you one if you ask.+ Infrequent room cleaning. Only occurred once during our 7-day stay. However, cleaning staff does come by every day to collect trash and replace the towels.+ Fitness area but I hear it's not free+ Hotel has designated smoking floors, but hotel not laced with smoke+ Wi-Fi not free and didn't appear fast. Hotel still uses wireless-b routers.+ Room service not offered through hotel. Instead offered through "off-site partner." Minimum purchase required. Must order enough food for two people.+ Front lobby has auto-playing piano. Not too many places to sit down though.+ Convenience store on the ground level. Turn left after walking past the fountain in the front lobby, walk towards the side entrance, past the six elevator cluster, then make a left.Now onto our experience and the reasons why I only gave the hotel two stars:+ Arrived on a Friday around 5pm-ish. 6 employees checking people in. Line was slow. 40 minutes just to get to the front desk and we were 4th in line.+ Since we stayed in this hotel on a timeshare, they did ask us if we wanted to do a 3-hour tour around the hotel. Prize was 3 free tickets to a bunch of shows no one has even heard of. Said no to this.+ After getting the cards for the two rooms (not connected at first), we headed up to the one bedroom suite but couldn't gain access to the room. Turned out that it was already checked out to another couple.+ Went to check out the studio. Boy was it small! When the bed is out of the wall, there is a 2.5 foot gap between the end of the bed and the TV.+ My brother and his wife finally arrived from California. Took them up to the studio and couldn't get in. Turned out that one of the keycards was never activated. + Finally got into our one bedroom suite. Nothing really wrong with the room but found out that the one bedroom suite and the studio are connected via a door that is supposed to be locked. Our connecting door was partly unlocked.+ Door was locked in that we couldn't gain access, but anyone in the studio could gain access. Luckily, the studio was vacant. So we traded that connecting studio for the one we originally checked out.For all our troubles, the hotel gave us a $25 voucher to be used in the store on the ground level.+ Recommend doing a room inventory check. There's a checklist in one of the kitchen/kitchenette cabinets. First day we quickly found several items missing. Hotel policy for the items is based on the honor system. They assume nothing will be taken. Cleaning staff just told us to make sure all the appliances were still there.+ Checkout is at 10am. Get down to the front desk a little bit before then. Line here too. Fee for late checkout pretty steep.One final note: Apparently this hotel is included with other hotels that are a part of Diamond Resorts. All hotels included by Diamond Resorts are rated 4 stars; however, Polo Towers is rated 3 stars. I don't know how Polo Towers got included, but I may have a clue as to how they lost their one star. Would we consider staying at this hotel on a future vacation to Vegas? Probably not.
2	Stayed here for a few nights while in Vegas waiting for another Hotel.  The first room we had was horrible.  It was so small, it was like a child's bedroom.  The only good thing about the room was, nothing..Eventually got an upgrade but found out this was a time share so would have to attend a presentation.. what a mess! I sent my friend to attend cus I wasn't going to waste my time sitting with them for 2 hours when I full well know, I'm not going to buy it.The only, I mean ONLY good thing is that it's centrally located on the strip.
4	I know it's not the typical hotel on the Strip w/o the glitz and glamour but, I was suprisingly impressed by how nice it was.We had a one bedroom condo that came with hot tub, 2 bathroom sinks, full kitchen with pots/pans/etc!They had a rooftop pool and another kiddie pool downstairs.The lobby is pretty decent. But, the best part of hotel was it's location! Next to Planet Hollywood, Aria, and Cosmo. Near 7-11, CVS, Walgreens.Definately great for the family staycation I just had.Only negative was the parking. I'm not used to the small stalls! Vegas has ruined me.
3	We (an unspecified number of my best friends and I) booked three nights at Polo Towers, during EDC weekend earlier this summer.  We were able to get a 2-bedroom suite for $179/night on hotels.com (179 for Friday/Saturday; Sunday night was something like 89).  This was the least expensive lodging option we found--during that weekend even Circus-Circus was 99/night--and it was surprisingly good.Luxurious it wasn't--the suite was kinda small for a 2-bedroom, the inside of the hotel looked sorta like a motor inn from the early Clinton administration, 2 of the 3 beds in the suite were the fold-out kind, etc.  But, it was clean, the bedroom and bathroom-to-price ratio was high, the location was excellent (across the Strip from CityCenter, relatively close to Bellagio), and the kitchen was well stocked.
3	We stayed at Polo Towers for my bachelorette party to keep the costs reasonable for all the girls (we got a great deal on a website).  We arrived and it was the perfect location, right next door to Planet Hollywood!  The lobby is beautiful and very clean.  The people helping us were all very nice. Something to keep in mind... Polo Towers is a time share; therefore, there is no casino attached to it, which could be a good thing- no smoke or annoying people.  We got regular rooms, which I thought were a decent hotel size.  The bed is a murphy bed (in the wall), so you have to take off the couch pillows and pull the bed over the couch.  A few negative things... the place could use a little check up now and then.  There was something wrong with each room we had booked.  One room had a shower head that wouldn't stay up without holding it, another room had non-working light switches, and another room had 2 plugs that didn't work (hence I made coffee in the bathroom, lol).  Besides those few things, overall we had a good stay! Again- PERFECT location!
4	Polo Towers is my Vegas hotel equivalent of a "booty-call".It's never the one I WANT to end up spending the night with but in a pinch (or when booking late notice on a busy weekend) they always come through and I always have a great time!I book through a time share and have never paid more than $110 a night for a 1 bedroom, full kitchen, living and dining room suite. The hotel is also directly ON the strip (the good portion of the strip too, not the boonies) and it's centrally located. It isn't going to wow you with artsy architecture and flashy gadgets but it's as clean & comfy as you're going to get for the strip w/o lowering your standards (i.e. Circus-Cicus, The Stratosphere, etc, etc). I don't normally frequent Walgreen's, McDonald's and 7-11's but they are all within walking distance as are a few other liquor & convenience stores and in a pinch they are LIFESAVERS!Definitely take advantage of the full-sized fridge and bring your own beverages! You most likely won't be cooking large meals but snacks and frozen appetizers are always a good idea (yes, there is an oven & microwave). It's Vegas, so a penny saved on food, drink & room can be a penny spent someplace far more fabulous!
5	I stayed at this hotel from 9/3 to 9/10 and not once did I have a complaint about my stay or the people working there. Their attention to detail and the dedication to your comfort deserves 10 -stars. My husband and I stayed in a suite with a adjacent room but unfortunately even though our floor was a non-smoking floor who ever stayed there before us did smoke. So as soon as we noticed the smell we called downstairs and alerted them someone was there before we even hung up the phone.Then right after they were done cleaning they called to make sure it was to our satisfaction. And this is valid each time we requested something , they always make sure they call to find out if the job was done. The rooms were cleaned and the kitchen fully equipped. The bed was so comfortable I did not want to get up in the am.The hotel is right across from Planet Hollywood but not directly on the strip so we were definitely not disturbed by the labor day crowd. Everything was close we rented a car that we did not even have to use. I love this place and I will definitely stay there again and recommend it to everyone.
4	Pretty nice hotel that is on the strip and with a little searching, you can usually get a great deal. We stayed during one of the busiest weekends in Vegas. It was the Pacqiuao fight, Supercross Final, and Kentucky Derby all in one weekend so other hotels were sky-high on their rates except Polo Towers.We stayed in the One-Bedroom Suite and it was super nice. Nicer than I expected. The best is the location. Right on the strip between MGM and Cosmo.Rooftop pool was nice and the gym was legit.I would definitely stay here again.
1	We went to Las Vegas on business, and have been plenty of times before so i am familiar with the caliber and prices of all the different hotels on the strip. This one was booked for us, as a colleague has a time share, so apparantly they got a good deal. Firstly, when checking in... the said after giving us the keys, to go to the next lady for our "welcome pak". Their version of a welcome pack was an attempt to sign us up for a timeshare. After saying no, no, no... they continued to call our room that day to increase the offer (show tickets, etc.) to go into a presentation. I have been to presentations before.. and i know how high pressure they are. They say 2 hours, but really they are 4 hours+.Secondly - they said the room had a murphy bed, and a bed (the studio suite). The room was the size of my bedroom at home! There was a murphy bed.. and a hide-a-bed / couch.. but the room was so small, they cannot be opened at the same time! We tried to speak to the front desk about the problem.. and the best they could do is upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite for an extra $30/night.. that would make it around $70/nt total, and for that price there are MANY options way better than this aging has been hotel.. no restaurant.. no casino.. no return from me!
3	3.5...Got a great deal for the joint bach parties for Labor Day weekend. The girls stayed in a 1-BR suite and the boys stayed in the 2-BR suite for 3 days/2 nights.Yes, it's ghetto from the outside and some parts of the inside, but surprisingly, it's a pretty descent place to crash for cheap. It's on the strip and within walking distance to where us girls had planned to go for the weekend.Our room was pretty spacious with 1 KG and a sofa bed, bathroom, and full kitchen. We brought our own wine, beer, other drinks and snacks and we were pretty much set.We went to visit the boys and their suite was also spacious with their own kitchen and such.The walls were pretty thin per my cousin since her space was next to another room. You also get the ghetto people who stay up and party, so be mindful of drunk bastards roaming the halls/elevators.I would recommend this place if you're just looking for a place to crash on the strip and if you're part of a bigger group. Note: You need to insert your room card to ride up the elevators.
4	Stayed here on our honeymoon for 7 days as a gift from my husbands parents. They have a timeshare with the resort, so they got a good deal. We stayed the first night in a studio, with was tiny but nice. The bed pulled out of the wall, and our room had a patio. This room was nice, but we ended up getting an upgrade to a one bedroom. Once we saw the one bedroom, we realized there was no way we could have stayed a week in the studio. To get the upgrade, we had to attend the 2 hour presentation, where they try and sell you a timeshare. The presentation was horrible. I don't recommend it, unless you want to waste a big chunk of time on vacation and have a headache after. Our one bedroom had a patio, a FULL kitchen, dining table, and living room. There's no casino, but your literally a walk down a driveway to the strip which is RIGHT in the middle of everything. Perfect location, I would stay again.
4	I loved my stay here.  We were booked a room through the time share my work provided and ended up in an efficiancy studio.  These rooms are VERY small and the murphy bed is not very comfortable.  Other than that, the room was clean, the shower was large (bom chicka bow wow) and everything was up to date.  Even the tv and radio's came in clear and had a variety of channels to choose from.The hotel is situated behind a strip mall where we were approached to buy some drugs.  We said no.  The 7-11 is also right in front which is helpful for those trips back to the room when you just want water or a snack.All in all I would reccommend this hotel, just make sure you get a real room.   Oh, ps...they did try their timeshare speil on me, but I just told them there was no point in having it when my work provides it for free!
3	I've stayed in a variety of rooms here and overall I'm not too impressed.  The studio rooms are crazy small with a Murphy bed - I do not reccommend.  The one bed room time share rooms are quite large and nice - best option.  The tow bedroom time shares are a studio and a one bedroom next to eachother - due to the studio not recommended.  The regular motel rooms were a little rough and needed some updating - felt like the Riviera or Imperial Palace.  The location is good if you want to be on the strip and walk around.  Parking and getting in and out of the garage is a pain.  They really like to try to rope you into timeshare presentations - don't do it it's a waste of time.  They have free internet in the business center with a printer (a nice touch).  For some reason cell reception is spotty throughout the hotel but maybe that's just ATT.
5	Stayed here this past weekend for our friends 25th birthday. I was a little worried initially how polo towers would be because of some of the reviews I read on yelp. I booked a 1 bedroom suite through expedia.com. They tell you that they forward our request to the hotel and that there is no guarantee we'll get what we booked unless they are available, which worried me.We arrived, and I was completely surprised. The place is beautiful and definately a hidden gem. Located a hop and a skip away from the strip, we were able to walk to the hottest clubs and casinos within minutes. Check in was quick and friendly, and no pressure to sign up for timeshares. 1. Rooms- our room was sweet! Complete with a fully stocked kitchen, little dining room, living room and a private bedroom.2. Pool- rooftop pool with cabanas, and a couple of grills, along with tables to eat and a hot tub. Never crowded and surprisingly no charge for hangin in the cabanas!There was also a little market downstairs to buy anything you would ever need for your stay. Did I mention they have courtesy shuttles??? Albertsons, Fremont street and another I forgot. How awesome. Staff is also super friendly. Unfortunately, my bf forgot his $300 electric razor there and was never returned which was a bummer. I know they' arent responsible but it still sucks none of the staff turned it in. But we will definately be back for sure!!A week after the razor discovery, I realized I left my flat iron there too. Damn you Vegas!! Hahahaha
2	pros: friendly staff, kids allowed in the hot tub & pool on the roof during the day, spacious refrigerator, never ran out of hot water in showercons: children's pool in shade all day (November), had to wash dishes after every meal (literally only 2 spoons, 2 plates, 2 bowls, etc. provided), had to request dish soap & sponge from desk.Our hotel room at the Imperial Palace was nicer, roomier, and a quarter of the cost.
4	We switched our hotel to Polo Towers over Super Bowl weekend based on a Groupon, and we are really happy we did. We were somewhat skeptical because it was a discounted room and there are some negative reviews on yelp, but we found the Studio to be a perfect size, clean, and comfortable. The Murphy bed was no problem whatsoever. The fridge was empty (thank you), and there was a full-on coffee maker (not a tiny cheap one). Friendly staff, a nice convenience store with decent coffee/bagels. We'd definitely stay here again.They did bring up the opportunity to upgrade our room in exchange for the timeshare discussion, but the guy wasn't pushy at all and we never heard about it again.
4	My friend transferred her timeshare here for our trip to Vegas. She said it was "off the strip" which had me worried. I figured we'd be having to take cabs just to get to the strip and racking up the dollars on what would already be kind of a pricey trip.Turns out, no worries. The Polo Towers is an easy driveway walk to the strip, right between the MGM Grand and Planet Hollywood. Across from the sprawling craziness of Aria. And it's got a cute little Hawaiian plaza out front, where you can get breakfast early and alcohol late. (Why would anyone need a guitar-sized wearable tub of margarita? ... Ah, who cares, it's Vegas.)We stayed in a one bedroom suite, which was nice. Wish we would have had a bigger balcony, but it's not like we needed to spend much time in the room anyway. The kitchen was great and was fully stocked with plates and glasses. The bathroom was a good size and had insane water pressure in the shower. (I have curly hair. This stuff matters to me.)Staff was friendly enough. Nothing over-the-top amazing, but never rude. And the security people were great, even though they had to come up twice to open our safe. (The first time wasn't our fault. The second time though, eh.)At night, they light  up the Polo Towers in the tackiest purple watts imaginable. So if you get drunk and lose your way, it's still easy to spot out of a cab window.Now, about that horse orgy statue in the lobby...
2	I usually stay at the Monte Carlo when I visit Vegas, but my parents offered up their timeshare points for me and my husband to use on this trip.  Free place?  Why not? Our first night there was absolutely terrible.  Around 4:30 in the morning, I woke up to what I thought was someone breaking in our room.  Our drunk neighbors seemed to think they were staying in our room, and were messing with the door handle, knocking, and ringing our doorbell while screaming about being locked out!  They finally figured out that they were staying next door, and immediately turned on their stereo to full blast.  We called security, who promptly came up to speak to them, and got them to turn off their music... this didn't stop them from YELLING their entire conversation.  Another neighbor had to come by and tell them to quiet down, and we called security a second time.  Needless to say, it was about another hour before they quieted down.  I finally fell back asleep and the trash service outside woke me up again!  In the morning, we requested another room, which we were promptly given without question.  The second night (first in our new room), I go to take a shower, and nothing but freezing water is coming out!  Yet, I turn on the sink and was scalded by the burning hot water coming out of there ... so I never got a shower that night.  We checked out the next morning, but didn't have a flight out until that night.  We left our bags with the bell desk and asked the concierge to call us a taxi to go out to lunch.  We are told to go outside and wait, and that we'd get the next cab.  Multiple cabs arrived, yet the people working outside kept giving them to other people who had just walked up!  My husband went in again and asked that they order us another cab since our previous one was given away.  We waited outside almost 25 minutes for a cab!  Absolutely ridiculous. It was finally time for us to leave, so we gave the bell desk our claim ticket for our luggage and asked for a cab.  He said there was a cab outside, and to go wait in it, and he'd be right out with our luggage.  We're waiting, and he brings out luggage that isn't ours!  We tell him that isn't ours, and he goes back inside, comes out a few minutes later with the exact same WRONG luggage and asks us again if it was ours.  My husband was so mad, he went inside and retreived our luggage himself!  Our name is on the claim ticket AND on the ticket on our luggage.  How do you get this wrong?  Overall, I expected a lot more from this hotel.  Next time, I think I'll go back to the Monte Carlo or another hotel on the strip.
5	The BF and I stayed here using his parents' timeshare. It was great! The location was perfect, very convenient and close to other hotels and casinos. It was quiet and our one bedroom villa was huge! We had a giant tub with jets...jets! The bed was large and comfortable and we also had a full kitchen. The place has a small rooftop pool and hot tub that are very nice and were, for the most part, not very busy. We had a great stay and would definitely come back!
3	Decided to join my brother's suite when my friend bailed on me so I cancelled my room at the Stratosphere. This place is gorgeous and its not in alignment to the strip really, its behind a plaza. The rooms are beautiful and we got one with a Kitchen that was fully stocked! The only issue is that the 2 bed room was really 1 room and a bed that folded out in the living room.. not really another bedroom but oh well. There is no casino to play around with, but they have a cute market and pool. Also there wasn't much of a view to the strip was kind of a bummer when waking up in the mornings wishing to see the glorious strip.  When we checked out we accidentally  left 2 jackets in the closet and some hair styling tools in the drawer and when calling the front desk to have them give our stuff to our friends that were still there, they said to call back at 6 and speak to security because house keeping is SUPPOSED to turn it in. My brother then called back and they said nothing was turned in yet so we needed to speak to the MANAGER which they said they will get back to us. BLAHHH
3	PROS: - Had a great view (make sure you request a high floor on the West side (view of the strip). If you go too low, you'll be looking at a wall. If you go on the North side, you'll be looking at a parking lot and probably smelling sweage/garbage from the bins below.-  The staff was very nice.- When you park in the parking lot, park near the wall - close to the hotel, it will help keep the sun out of your car. And if you have a truck like I do, it's great because you can climb in the bed of your truck and hop over the wall instead of walking around - just a thought.- mini-mart store in the hotel w/ many little things you may need in case you forgot anything. (doesn't sell alcohol though).- Pool isn't too bad - hot tub alsoCONS: - Was in the middle of my shower and the water shut off for about 20 min. They did give us a coupon for Todai Sushi Buffet which was nice.- 2 Ice machines: one on the 6th floor (I think) and one on the 18th (go high, there's a better view).- No kids allowed in the gym - 18 and above only! Not even if they're with a parent - lame. My son is 15 and wasn't allowed to come in with me.- No WiFi - you have to pay for internet.Toilet overflowed twice - there is something wrong with their plumbing system there.Overall, not too bad. No slot machines or anything in the hotel
4	I'm giving Polo Towers 4 stars because:1) It has a LOT of room + a kitchen. You can fit about 8 people COMFORTABLY. There's a bed that pulls from the wall in the kitchen area and the bedroom. The bathroom is quite large too with 2 sinks and 2 mirrors, perfect for a group of girls getting ready to go out.2) It's cheap. 3) It's clean.4) It's right across from Cosmo, for those who like to party it up at Marquee.All in all, a great place to stay if you're on a budget!
1	Rooms:  The rooms are fine (we had a "two bedroom" which is one real bedroom suite and one smaller room with a Murphy bed, connected via doors similar to connecting rooms in a hotel).  There is a small kitchen in the suite, and a tiny kitchenette (mini-fridge, sink, microwave, and coffee maker) with the Murphy bed.  The finishings were not luxurious, but we weren't expecting luxury.  It was a nice room for the price.  Pool:  Rooftop and about the size of a bathtub. Location:  We were told it was "off strip" but were pleasantly surprised to find that it is right near Planet Hollywood.  It was much more convenient than I had expected, and there are several convenience stores a few buildings away.  I think there is a grocery store nearby, but we didn't look for it... no one wanted to cook!Other:  We were guests of a timeshare owner, and my husband and I thought we'd sit through a presentation for a $100 giftcard.  This was a terrible decision.  No one "pre-qualified" us (meaning that no one had us sign a form stating that we were married and both partners were present and that we have an income in excess of $60k/year), and in the middle of the presentation we were told very loudly, in front of many other  people, that we "did not qualify" and that we "were not eligible" to sit through the presentation.  So after some headache, we got that sorted out and got a new salesman, who was really nice... until he started to regale us with tales of his animal abuse!  It was a truly strange and awful experience.  Needless to say, we left without buying.  If this is how they treat potential buyers, I would hate to see how they would treat an owner with a problem!  Overall:  The rooms were fine but the customer service was appalling.
2	Okay...I can't complain TOO much considering I had a groupon and the rooms were decent/clean...but there were just multiple problems for us.We bought a groupon for 2 nights during the weekend and 2 nights during the week - 4 nights total all for $268 (between 2 people). AMAZING deal....BUT when we checked into our room, our lights, A/C, phone and mini fridge all did not work. We had to call maintinence to fix the issues...we left for a few hours to gamble and when we came back there was a note on our door saying we had to move rooms cuz our A/C was not fixable.I called to complain about the multiple problems and they upgraded us to a one bedroom.The one bedroom was BIG and clean. I liked it alot...I can't complain too much.The pool at the top floor was a decent size...not huge but it wasn't extremely crowded on a Saturday morning. We were able to sit in a cabana. Also free towels and 2 grills if you want to cook.
2	The Diamond Resorts (time share) Board of Directors should be embarrassed that this is the BEST the company has to offer. This was my 6th or 7th visit in 4 years. Physically, the place has improved dramatically, but staff training hasn't kept up--a sign of amateur management. Just because you can put money in the bank doesn't mean you're good at running a hotel.Good: Location, Parking, Cleanliness, Pool Area, Property Amenities, Kitchen Amenities, Sondra from operationsBad: Property management system and staff not knowing how to use it. I'm fed-up with my name never being correct on the records and that the history of all my stays isn't connected. Because of this I got a room in EXACTLY the place I didn't want--the north side of the building where I was woken-up every morning at 6:15am by the garbage pick-up and TOO far away from the stairs to the pool (which I had requested to be near). WHY, in this "small" hotel, can't reservation requests be reviewed and units be blocked ahead of arrival FOR OWNERS! This doesn't take a manager, just training.Bad: Housekeeping Service. Understand that you're room is picked-up daily, not given the same cleaning as a check-out (my room was in great shape when I checked-in). That's fine and a smart thing to do. BUT, when it was my day for thorough cleaning (every 3rd day if I recall) I could write my name in the nightstand and none of the floors (bath & carpets) had been cleaned or vacuumed, glass dining table hadn't been cleaned, and the kitchen had barely been wiped-down. I could go on...Bad: Housekeeping bounced me to the front desk who bounced me to security who bounced me back to the front desk for an item missing from my room. My bathing suit, which was left draped over the shower rod to dry, was missing from my room after the trash and towel service on the first morning of my stay. You can't convince me anybody would steal my used (albeit expensive gift) bathing suit, so the logical deduction is that it went out with the dirty towels. I was attending a marathon convention and, other than parking, the pool was the ONLY amenity I wanted, or had time, to use each morning and each evening. I eventually found the time to research and go buy a new suit, which I truly did not have time for, so I could use the pool. Thanks Diamond Resorts, you'll be getting my receipt for $38 in the mail. Worst of all, I had to keep calling security to follow-up...with the exception of Sondra (the staff member who corrected my crummy maid service) nobody really gave a damn that the hotel had made a mistake.Bad: No Manager On Duty at 9:00am, let alone 24 hours. HOW do you run a hotel with no Manager On Duty...HOW? NOBODY is responsible and you just leave guests hanging? REALLY??!!!I went to an "update" and pitch to raise my ownership level. It's hard for me to see the value in what I'm already paying for.  Why would I want to dig in deeper for a continuing series of mediocre (and some bad) experiences?
4	This place is a really  good deal. It is clean, the lobby is nice, and it is right on the strip. You can get a big suite (2 bathrooms, 3 beds - fits at least 6 comfortably) for a very reasonable price. Having a kitchen is also awesome - full fridge for all your booze, and coffeemaker (notice how most hotels don't give you a coffeemaker these days?)2 bathrooms is kind of crucial for bachelorette parties, and aside from the rooms that are like $1,000 a night there aren't many 2-bathroom options on the strip. I've stayed here twice now, and had good experiences both times. It's very close to Aria and Cosmopolitan. One drawback is that cabs don't come as frequently. Take this into account when planning to get to clubs/events.
4	There are so many things I enjoyed about this hotel. I recently went along with 4 other people and the room was more than accommodating. We had 2 rooms with 2 bathrooms, a kitchen AND a mini kitchen, 2 balconys and plenty of sitting space. View of MGM Grand and some of the NYNY rollercoaster. Located minutes from the airport and seconds from the strip but just far enough from the strip to be away from the hustle and bustle. Hotel was super clean with an awesome mini mart downstairs. Free parking for 3 days and although the parking lot looked a little sketchy, my car was fine. I would absolutely stay here again! P.S. Yelp mentions that they have free wifi... unfortunately they do not! They wanted $15 for 1 day.
5	This hotel was awesome!  We got to stay there because my parents are time-share owners.  It does not have a casino so it does not smell like smoke and is very quite, a nice break from The Strip.  Location is great.  Right between MGM and Planet Hollywood, it's considered off The Strip but that's just because they have a long drive way.  The room we stayed in was huge, large bedroom, bathroom, living room and kitchen, and the view was beautiful.  The room was also so clean it was like we were the first ones to use it!  The pool was really nice on the roof, I'm sure it gets pretty hot up there during the day but we didn't use it then.The staff was very nice and helpful as well.  I can't wait to come back to Vegas and stay there again!
5	Everything was great!
3	It was ok, it was free. We did a time share presentation on our honeymoon before and free gets you this. We only had the murphy bed room and if you're a clausterphobe, I'd shell out the 70 a night for the new, upgraded rooms at the Trop.It was in close proximity with other places, so we had a good time.
3	I have mixed feelings about the Polo Towers, we stayed here because my grands are time share owners.Its right off the strip next to he Hawaiian Market lace and sketchy looking souvenir shops and not too far from MGM Grand and Planet Hollywood. They do not have a casino or a bar area at the hotel so if you're looking for a quick refreshment you have to leave the property.We stayed in a studio room which was on the tiny side but A-OK since you're only sleeping for a few hours a night when in Vegas. On the first night there we didn't receive any room service at all so we had to call downstairs for fresh towels and bedding. One thing I definitely didn't like was the forced time-share viewing. When you check in they send you to guest services to swindle you into a time share viewing, we sat with a rep for 2 hours just to tell her no thanks and then we were sent to another salesman who offered us an extremely low price just for us to tell him no thanks!
4	I love this place! I stayed there for 4 days with my family and we had a blast!  The suites were excellent.  We had a perfect view of the strip.  Parking was accessible and easy.  What more could you want.  Mind you it's not a typical hotel experience.  More on the time share side.  It has a gift shop, two pools and a gym.  For food you have to leave the property but there is stuff less that 50 paces away.You can't go wrong.  The only set back is they do those presentations hoping you buy.  My advice, at all costs don't answer the phone in the suite so you aren't dragged into a mindless sales pitch.
3	PRO- The hotel is huge, and somewhat stylish.. Not far from McDonalds or MGM, Planet Hollywood and New York. CON- It's seems to attract ratchet people. Or, at least when I stayed... everyone looked/ appeared ratchet. There is a $250 security deposit... Check in is at 4pm... check out is at 10am... if you want a late check out... until 2pm. it'll be $100. Might as well book another night for $60 from expedia..if you need to stay longer which is what I did. However, the checkin person allowed me to get into my room 2 hours prior... must have been I was handsome? The building appears to look old and somewhat ghetto... but inside isn't that bad... especially when you're in the hallways and in your room. One thing I did not like was that I had to pull the bed down and move some stuff around. My bathroom looked neat and up to date...
4	very impressive condo style.  this is more for big parties or families.  we stayed with family and had the 2 bedroom suite.  each room had a bathroom which was actually big and very impressive.  beds were comfy, tv in each room, big kitchen, and dining table.  perfect location on the strip.  no restaurant though so no room service, pool was small but its not a casino hotel.  no casino but its on the strip so easy walking distance to monte carlo or planet hollywood.
3	The polo towers is a great place to sleep...and only sleep. I was staying in the studio bedroom, and it was clean, had a kitchenette and a view of the strip. The location of the hotel is nice, about a 15 minute walk from the Excalibur which has a tram to some of the other hotels. Housekeeping forgot to replace our towels, so I called and they were there in15 minutes and even called after to make sure that it was done. Not much to do at the actual hotel but I didn't mind. Perfectly good place to stay as long as you dont mind having to walk a lot.
1	Doesn't look like much from the outside but the rooms are great!Great location!They lie, internet doesn't work. You go to one page and you might as well leave and go out and have dinner and your next page still won't load.
4	We had a 4 day stay here and overall were very happy.We got a Groupon deal.  The lady at the from desk said Expedia had best prices if you are booking at other times.The only thing that annoyed me was that our room faced the lane where there was a dumpster that seemed to be getting rubbish in it all hours of night.  I suspect illegal dumping.  Then the dump truck comes around 630/7am.  Too early for me :) Otherwise there was no noise from other guests.  The pool is nice with free cabanas.  The kids water play area was excellent and in shade all day long.  Parking is free.  Kitchen facilities were excellent.  Rooms were clean.  Bring your own dvd's/ cds to play on the stereo and dvd player.  Curtains blocked light very very well and there was an excellent view of the strip.I don't think there is any wifi.  We took our own aircards...but I think you can logon to other wifi networks and pay a fee.There is a very cheap Filipino takeaway in Hawaiian Marketplace. Overall, would definitely recommend if you are a family.  If you are young and single, maybe you want something more happening.
2	I stayed at this hotel as a week from my parents' timeshare.  As far as timeshares go, this is pretty substandard.  I stayed in a one bedroom which was incredibly small compared to one bedrooms I've seen at other timeshare resorts.  The bathroom was tiny with zero counter space, the bedroom barely had enough room to walk around the bed and the closet was smaller than mine at home.  There was no full length mirror in the entire room which is honestly a necessity in a place like Vegas.  The "balcony" was basically just small platform you could stand on.  It was only big enough for one person at a time and no furniture or anything to sit on. The pool area was beautiful and got sun all day, which was great for me, but if you're looking for somewhere to actually swim, this isn't the best place for you.  The pool itself is small and is usually filled with children.  There was supposed to be a rule the there were no children allowed at the pool after 5pm.  This rule was not enforced at all, not even after I spoke to multiple people about it.Basically, this hotel is great If you're looking for a place walking distance to the strip that you can pass out in after coming home drunk at 4am or if you want to tan all day by the pool.  If you're looking for any other sort of activity or enjoyment in your room or at the hotel, go somewhere else.
3	Rooms are gorgeous and big. Stayed in a one bedroom suite. The customers service is good and the are fast at responding.  The pool. . . It's a waiting pool. Its deepest is 3ft i wanted to swim without hitting my toes on the floor.No full length mirrors i could be looking a fool from my hips down and wouldn't know till i got in the elevator. Trash day is every freaking day if you are on the north side of the building at 6am.
2	Stayed here over EDC weekend because well, Polo Towers still had availability and was relatively cheap. You truly get what you pay for though. The room itself wasn't poorly furnished or anything. The full kitchen was great! But in Vegas, there's a luxury standard that Polo Towers misses which also leads to the service. So you can place a reservation online but you a representative will call you to confirm. And for any other issues, unlike normal hotel concierge, you can only call during business hours. But, now I know what it's like to go through a time share/hotel. But to make matters worse, parking was HORRIBLE. The structure itself is poorly laid out and there was hardly any parking available at all hours.
3	I stayed here for a weekend as it is part of my friends timeshare.  The location is great as it is right on the Strip, next to a 7/11 a CVS and Planet Hollywood.  The hotel is non-smoking which is nice but the place still has a strange smell.  I cant describe the lobby but there is a hint of oddness in the air.  The room smells like someone has tried to get a strong smoke smell out of everything but it still lingers.  That is odd because there is no smoking in the rooms.The room was nice.  It has a room with a king size bed and a balcony plus a living room with a sofa bed.  Plus the kitchen was really nice so I could have ice cream ready for myself when I get home at 4am.  The living room had a huge window with a view of the strip.  The bathroom was large but the shower was painful.  The water came out so hard my friend kept complaining that it was killing her nips.  The pressure was on.There aren't any restaurants in the hotel so food can be kind of a pain.  They have a service which is like room service but it comes from an outside location and took over an hour for the food to arrive.  There is a mini-store inside the Polo Towers but it closes at midnight, which isnt great in Vegas.There is a kids pool area on the ground floor but I avoided it.  The second pool is on the roof with plenty of chairs and areas of shad for when the sun gets ridiculous.  The problem is the pool is only 3 feet deep and not a scene.  Mostly old people, no one under 30.  This is a great hotel if you just want to relax and arent looking for the amenities of a Vegas casino hotel.  I like Vegas casino hotels.
4	Okay... so this place basically teaches you that lesson you learned all of your life.. "don't judge a book by its cover". Seriously this place needs MAJOR work on the outside.. but you really can't beat the location, price and the inside is not bad at all. It had a very homey feeling to it and I liked that. Of course I like luxury... but when you are with tons of people (8 chicks) and you wanna budget yourselves.. then this is definitely the place to go. The two bedroom room is awesome for the amount of people we had.. it had one murphy bed (which pulls out of a wall LOL).. a pull out sofa bed and a king bed. Very spacious.. full kitchen and dining room area. It was clean which is a big plus and felt comfy. We will definitely be back here when we have a lot of travelers.
3	This review is for the Polo Tower VillasThe Polo Towers is a timeshare property located on the strip between Planet Hollywood and MGM. This is a great property, clean and nicely decorated with friendly staff. Be aware: This is not a casino and does not have a restaurant or bar. The mini market has all the supplies you need for the kitchen and has reasonable prices. The coffee bar in the mini market has a good selection.They have a rooftop pool area. The space is small, with cabanas and lots of chairs. They allow food/beverages and do not have a bar or food. The pool is 4 feet deep - just for cooling off and there is a jacuzzi.This is a great property with an awesome location. If you are looking for the flashy casinos with all the amenities, don't stay here. I didn't miss having those amenities because they were all a short walk.Some of the rooms have a view of the strip - it's awesome, so try to get one of those.
4	My only complaint for this resort is the smell in the lobby.....don't get me wrong, it's not foul. It doesn't even smell like "Vegas". The best I can explain is to say "hair product meets bathroom spray". It does not smell like they are covering up smoke, like someone said. I don't know if it's supposed to smell like perfume or what, but it made my allergies unhappy. They have a great water play area for small children, along with a little playground equipment. I saw, but didn't use the pool, the cabanas seem cool, the mini mart was cool, and not horribly expensive. The bed, and even the couch pull out were awesome! We had a one bedroom, which was a good size for our family of 4. If you are travelling with children, or on a budget, the kitchen is full, and Wal-mart is within reach to buy groceries and snacks, etc. This is a life-saver for our family! It's the only way to go!Unfortunately, a maintenance man had left a blade in the bathroom, which my 5 year old carried out to me. Security had to investigate it,, and was very apologetic, and comped us with a gift card to the mini mart. It is not a casino, so I can walk everywhere with my children, and not be reprimanded for stopping! Very nice staff, happy and smiling, very nice people staying there too! This was the first time we stayed on the strip, ever. So nice to walk out to the M&M store, New York,New York, Denny's, Hard Rock, etc. They even allowed us to stay parked there after check out while we had our vows renewed! Great place....just ask to be away from those dumpsters like everyone else complained about! (p.s., if they get rid of that smell in the lobby, it'll definitely be a 5 star resort!) We will definitely stay again!
3	Cheap joint in the middle of the strip where you can cook in your room if you want... Its virtually walking distance to anywhere on the strip and a short cab ride to fremont street. It is also located fairly close to the airport. So it has a lot going for it location wise.However it is a timeshare facility and back when I was married, well I was the co-owner of a timeshare here... Let me just say that the facilities are acceptable but the service is substandard. The parking situation is a royal PITA and just pray you are not trying to get your car during the rain.PRO TIP: Request the highest floor you can with a street view (looking at the carriage house or between buildings sucks).Their are multiple banks of elevators here which helps dramatically. None the less what they really need are a bunch more of those bell hop carts and a proper unloading/loading area. There isnt really a good spot to do it at.NOW for the other side of this place. I went to a timeshare presentation here and got so jerked around by these guys that I got a bit upset to say the least. Consequently I got one of the timeshare guys bent enough that he wanted to fight. I was in total shock at that type of unprofessionalism. I highly suggest avoiding the timeshare presentation here if you can. These guys will try almost every dirty trick in the book and when you call them out on it, well they get seriously upset with you over it. I just am not one who is ok with being told one thing and given a complete bait n switch and then when I go to verify things, ohhh guess what... I catch them in the act. These guys are a master of that. I honestly think that kind of activity should cause someone to loose their job and or business license, unfortunately it does not. Thank the good Lord I never ended up purchasing a place here and just the ex had one. I found out that the maintenance fees were almost the same cost as having a hotel for a week anywhere else on the strip. The only difference being a kitchenette that you had to clean the dishes in. Definitely not worth it. But the maintenance fees were over $500/yr for a 1 week stay. So if you do the math, to be a partial owner (granted with a tax deductable deed), and the ability to trade your week here for a week elsewhere, it costs $71.43 in maint fees per night for a 1 week stay and that is on top of the $20-$35k initial investment... It just doesnt sound that worth it to me... what about you?
2	Check out is 10 a.m.   Don't rely on getting a late check out.The parking entrance is from Las Vegas Boulevard. There's a public parking lot immediately adjacent to the hotel.  The parking to Polo Towers is literally on the other side of the low wall of the public parking lot.  Parking is free but you need a pass that must be in your car.  There's a 15 minute parking in the rear of the hotel.  Park there, check in, and obtain the parking pass.I booked a room at the Polo Towers based on Yelp reviews.  The location is ideal since it's right in the heart of the strip.  If you're not going to spend that much time in the room, it's not a bad deal.  We checked in on a Friday afternoon.  I requested a strip view, which overlooked the parking lot.  My understanding is that this is a time share so the rooms with the strip view are generally not available.This is a lower grade hotel with a Murphy bed.  I would compare this to a Comfort Inn grade.  There was an odor in the room that bothered my bf.  It was a strong scent of chemical cleaning agents.  We ended up checking into the MGM instead.
3	Nice place. Clean. Perfect location. Draw backs...no restaurant, bar, or casino. The walk to Planet Hollywood or MGM is short though. But, it all had to be planned so trips down to the casino weren't spur of the moment. Oh well. I would stay here again. It is part of our time share and affordable.
3	I stayed at Polo Towers for the convenience of the strip and the price. It is not a casino, nor does it have a restaurant, but it is well placed and within walking distance of restaurants and other activities. Complaints: the bathroom is not well ventilated and the walls are somewhat thin: I could hear people in the hallway loud enough to wake me up at 3am. Also, they have no room service. The good stuff: Clean, had a DVD player and kitchenette, rooftop pool (too bad I went in winter), helpful desk staff, and a bus that comes around to take you to the grocery store.
4	Great service and good location on the strip.
4	Right by the Strip.  Excellent location!  Any cab ride was super short, and we were within walking distance to Planet Hollywood, etc.  Came for a bachelorette party (of course!).  Our condo/room had a bedroom with a fold-out couch bed in living room, HUGE bathroom, mini balcony, and kitchenette.  Staff was friendly & helpful - front desk, doorman, maid, etc.
4	Me n the fiance stayed here for 3 nights and it was awesome! It doesn't really feel like a Vegas hotel since there isn't a casino downstairs but the condo feel is SO nice! The room had one bedroom with a king bed, big screen and a decent sized BALCONY overlooking the strip! The bathroom was huge (but the bathtub could have been bigger). The best part is that we had a full sized kitchen with all the glassware, silverware and appliances you can imagine (even a blender!).  The kitchen even had a full sized fridge and a nice granite bar. There was a nice dining table and a nice living room with a GREAT sound system! The location is amazing right on the strip next to Planet Hollywood and the Cosmoplitan. The downside about the Polo Towers is the time it takes  to get a cab. They don't have a taxi line so you have to call the front desk for them to call you one. Even when we gave a generous estimate of when we needed it we (along with many other people staying there) had to wait a long time. We got a tip from some people that we could walk to the next hotel and get a cab faster, so that's what we did, not too bad. The location is great so cab ride fares were cheap making up for the inconvenience of walking to next hotel for a cab. I would definitely stay here again!
2	This place is the typical timeshare hotel. With that in mind, just remember that the room service is little to none. You'll be lucky if they gave you anything. If you need more amenities just call down to the front desk. It's a decent place to stay, it's obviously not in the heart of the strip but you're slightly off the strip and can walk to a few places nearby such as Excalibur and some surrounding Casinos. Again, the location isn't that bad. The pool is a pool on the roof, but don't expect it to be a glorious rooftop party. It's just a pool and a small hot tub. There's no bars in this hotel either. As for the room itself, we got the 1 bedroom with a murphy bed. The room is quite spacious and enough to fit 5 people very comfortably. I'm sure you can fit more. The underground parking lot sucks and there's about 30 spots near the elevator. If that's full you'll have to park on the other side where you have to walk a bit. One thing you should know is that the 2 buildings actually connect. So if you're going up the parking elevators but your room is on the other side, you can actually get off on your floor and walk across. We figured it out after our 2nd day there.Overall, this isn't a bad place for the price. You just can't go downstairs hit up some tables or slots for a night cap before bed. I'd recommend this place only if you can't find another Casino.
4	pros...well it was my first time being in a time share hotel.  at least that is what they said it was.  we got a suite and what a sweet room it was.  up high and with a view of the airport, it was quite nice.  the room itself was huge and it had the accompanying room with it's own bathroom.  the room was large, clean and had all/most amenities you could ask for. everything you could want if you were going to stay for a week or so.  the beds were very nice and comfy, but i had trouble with the pillows.  even the tv's were nice as well.  all in all a great place to call our homebase or hq while we were in vegas last year during thanksgiving.  cons...the lobby was the most olfactory assaulting place i had have ever been too.  the lobby reeked of a really cheap 40 gallon bottle of cheap cologne, i pretty much got a slight headache every time i went to the lobby.  i swear were the fountains filled with cologne instead of water?  that's how strong the smell was.  besides that my normal con of parking in the underground parking lot.  not enough spaces, and tight parking if you have a van.  otherwise awesome place.
5	My timeshare in Vegas -  I love Polo Towers.  The team here is great,  and the facilities offered are what I need when in Vegas.Beds -  perfect not too hard, not too soft,  great linens and good pillowsShower -  lots of powerToilets -  had a old style one that would not flush,  after a couple instances of being clogged,  maintenance replaced it with their Power Flush..  no problemsKitchen - everything you need from Toasters to Blenders, Microwaves, Oven, etcCouches - comfortable and they do clean themTV's - HDMI hookups,  flat screensLaundry - easily accessedParking -  most days not full in Valet, and customer parking downstairs is covered and close to lifts.  Sometimes you have to use the overflow lot, but not oftenLocation -  perfect,  CVS and everything close byLobby -  Never waited more than 5 minValet and Bell -  great, never had a problemAC -  works greatInternet -  I use Clear for $50 a month,  no contract,  unlimited.  I get great connection to it from the rooms.  I also have a Tmobile phone,  4G works in the rooms there as well.Staying in other locations on the strip sucks.  You are forced to do room service at outrageous fee's.  I prefer to eat healthy so I just bring my own food from Wholefoods and hit the gym in the early am for 30min before going out.If you like overpriced casino type hotels with room service.. then stay there.  If you have done that before and prefer staying in a condo type suite.. go Polo.
4	Came here for another bach party and got hooked up with my cuz's timeshare here. From the outside doesn't look spectacular but definetely nice inside. Good location, near PH, McDonalds, Walgreens, protected parking, rooftop pool, balcany, good customer service. Can't order any pay per view - ended up watching mayweather guerrero at a friends house. Also sucks that theres no free wifiIt was coo dough - fo staws
4	I found this hotel via an Expedia Travel Deal I bought as part of a birthday trip to Vegas for a group of 5 people. We stayed here this past weekend and got booked for room 4309 & 4309A in Tower III, 4th floor. We flew into Vegas, therefore, arrived very early in the morning. Staff were friendly and professional, they even had a welcome package for guests, which is primarily, coupons and reading material regarding things to do in Vegas. I did not get a sales pitch, as other customers have complained about, which I truly appreciate. We were not able to get the early check-in we were hoping for, but we were able to check-in our luggage so we could wander around to the surrounding hotel/casinos, comfortably, without having to drag our luggage around with us. The hotel staff, did call us about 2:30pm to allow us to check-in before their standard 4pm check-in time.Which gave us time to nap and relax before hitting the night scene, at no extra charge.The room itself was better than what I was expecting, (size wise & layout,) in fact it's like a mini-apartment, fully equipped with a small kitchen in the main room with a stove, coffeemaker, full size refrigerator, microwave, pots, wineglasses, cutlery, and a dishwasher. The adjacent suite has a miniature kitchenette with a mini microwave, small sink, and mini-fridge. The master bedroom has a very comfortable king size bed that shares a nice size bathroom with a good sized hot-tub, and two sinks/mirrors facing each other. The suite also has its own smaller bathroom with sink and shower only. The room was very clean and there were plenty of clean towels, which I really appreciated. There are three mini closets, one in the master bedroom, one in the hallway, and one in the suite. The suite has a sofa bed that looked quite comfortable and was already set up for us when we arrived. There is a second sofa and full-size murphy bed in the living room. The only downside of the latter is that in order to use the murphy bed, one must rearrange the furniture, including the dining table if you want walking space while the murphy bed is in use. Over the dining table is a chandelier, which became quite a dangerous thing after we had to move the table to use the murphy bed because everyone in our group ended up hitting their head on the light fixture (more than once;) therefore, this fixture should be completely removed or raised a few inches higher. There is a flat screen television in each of the rooms. There are, what i think is two balconies, one ample sized one in the suite, which throws off the entire set up since the suite is quite small, and the master bedroom that is bigger, has a very small balcony that barely fits two people, standing. The hotel has a rooftop pool, which is nice; however, the pool area is very small for the size of the hotel. On a hot Vegas day, it hardly caters to more than 50 people. I do think they should add a second pool area, maybe at ground level, just to accommodate more customers on a hot day.I really like that the hotel is in the center of the strip, but not fully on the strip, just behind the mini shopping center that houses the McDonald's & Fatburger, just a 5 minute walk away from the MGM, Planet Hollywood, and across from the New York New York, Arias, and Cosmopolitan. Approximately a 15 minute walk to Hooters & the Tropicana, at a slow pace. I LOVE that this hotel does not have a casino, primarily because it does not stink of cigar smoke and you also don't have all the noise from the hustle and bustle of the casino activity, which makes it more tranquil and relaxed. However, I'm not much of a gambler. On the other hand, my gambling friends, did not like that the hotel has no casino. It also does not an on site restaurant/eatery, which makes it difficult for late dinners/night caps and/or early breakfasts. Nor does it offer complimentary anything, compared to the other hotels,this does make it feel like your business is not much appreciated.My main complaints about this room is that the AC would turn off/on all day and night and rattled A LOT, and very loudly, which was very ANNOYING and made it impossible to relax and get a good night sleep. We tried  turning it off, but were unsuccessful. Also, the hot tub does not work and the screen panel door in the balcony of the master bedroom was busted, which really sucked because we could not sleep with the door open to allow fresh air into the room. Also, the window in the living room had no screen panel, so it was scary to even open the window, specially if you take children, do not open the window as it is dangerous, and an accident waiting to happen. They also need better signs to direct you to your tower/room. If all these little details were not evident, I would have given this place a 5 star rating.Overall, I would return to this hotel, but I would double check the AC for annoying rattlings. We were 5 people, but I think this easily caters to 6-8 people relatively comfortable.
4	This was a great gem I found online.  I got a couple of suites and the friends had no complaints.  It's pretty much on the strip and close to the middle area.  It maybe a walk for some reason if you're heading towards the venettian, treasure island area.  The pool area on the top floor was nice spot to meet new people and a good way to beat the heat.  For the price I don't think you can't beat it.
5	I'm an owner and I love staying here. You can't beat the location for the price and I love the fully stocked kitchen! Comfy beds and spacious bathrooms are but a few of the benefits of staying here.
4	Nice clean place to stay & great location. Friend's mom's timeshare, stayed there for my friend's daughter's 21st birthday over the weekend of 7/12/13. Only strange thing that happned was the A/C shutting off at 2am on our last night and had to call the front desk, but they handled it, had it working again (and done remotely from downstairs!) within 10 mins. Staff is friendly and any requests we made for extra towels, pillows, etc was taken care of promptly. Would stay there again for sure!
1	BEWARE - This isn't your typical Las Vegas Hotel.  Its a timeshare, a nasty timeshare, dirty politics, management who doesn't care.  Get ready for a hostage crisis in the sales presentation you will get mugged by these thugs.Pros...Hmmm... the kiddie pool area was nice for my kids besides hitting his headI guess that's it.  It is kind of central.Cons...My son, and we saw many other kids slip in the kiddie area as there is cement between the two areas and kids run from one to the other and they land on their head!  I noticed they are recording video of the kiddie pool area, so I asked for the minute of footage when my son hit his head... and of course this was denied, they have policies to make sure no one can get the evidence against this place.  They are aware many kids slip and fall.  I filed an incident report just to have it on record so hopefully someday they see the fault and paint the surface with a non slip paint at the least.  Oh, I forgot to mention, it was brought to my attention, "there is a sign that says "Use at your own risk".Timeshare not hotel.There is no bar.There is no restaurant.The pool on the roof was expected to be a regular pool.  Its only 3 feet deep! My kids however loved this, but my older kids, wife and I will have to wait for the next hotel to swim.The only room service is an offsite 3rd party company, takes about 90 minutes for food.What really bothered me about this place (more than already mentioned).We were forced to go on an "Owners Update" tour.  This is where they lie to you and try to belittle all other companies and resorts.  I was told I would not like my week stay at Mandalay Bay with my kids because all the pools are topless.  Not true.  We were told Westgate would kidnap us and hold our credit card hostage, and Hilton Grand Vacation Resorts is "like" Diamond" but 2x the price.  All of which were lies.We were held hostage by the Diamond Resort Sales staff for over 3.5 hours, and they kept promising gifts.  At the end, were were led to a "gift" desk, and then were told we would get no gifts.  I will not go into all the gifts we received from Hilton, but it makes this place look even cheaper, or perhaps exposes how cheap this chain is.  Go Hilton, Go Marriott, Go Wyndham but AVOID DIAMOND!Here is the big problem.  My 4 year old son was burned earlier this year at the Tahoe Vacation Resort, another Diamond location.  When this happened, we were ultimately ignored for the remaining 4 days of our vacation, and all communications I made to both Micheal Pena (Property Manager) and Steven Cloobeck (CEO and owner prior to the IPO on the NYSE) both failed to respond, so ultimately now for 4 months, we have been shunned by the Diamond Resorts Team.  I decided to address this at this meeting, and the ONLY thing Diamond would do is knock $3000 off a $20000 purchase they wanted me to buy.  Why would I buy from this place when they ignore and shun people injured by their negligence.  So after 3.5 hours, trying to get an apology from them... their ONLY focus was to sell me more time share... I ultimately walked away with nothing.  No gifts, no apology, and the kids all missed breakfast, but I did get a THREAT that if I didn't take this deal there would be no others like it.  This is how they they deal with battered OWNERS.  They did tell me, Steven Cloobeck and all management has CHOSEN not to talk to me or respond to my messages as I am a legal liability and could take them court.  I guess I will.  BTW this is after VP Carter Lee was brought into the situation and wasted another hour of my time.  Nice guy, but only his only attempt to solve this situation was again, a discount on future purchase.  Apparently no one has the ability to take the necessary actions to turn around a battered owner.  Or they just don't care.... without getting access to my bank account.AVOID Diamond Resorts International or Ignore my warning and get yourself involved in the scam and you will also be disappointed everywhere you go.   I am not a bad guy, I left another review on the Cancun which is also in just as bad condition, and a Diamond Resort property, however the property manager (Beau Bryan) there is the first person at this whole company who cares about anyone.  I gave them 4 star for his efforts, even though they deserved 2 stars.
3	Needed a place to stay a few weeks ago without splurging and ended up at Polo Towers. It's on the strip and was the most inexpensive option without going too far. I wasn't sure what to expect, but my stay was decent.Upon checking in, you're going to receive a welcome package (suggestions on things to do in the area) and will probably be asked if you're interested in a time share. Unless you want to watch a 90 minute video, say that you aren't.There is no hotel at this casino, so that's something to keep in mind. There are also no restaurants in the hotel, but there's a convenience store that isn't open 24 hours and some fast food right outside the hotel. I recommend a carne asada quesadilla from TJ's taco's. It can almost feed two people and it's pretty cheap. There's a pool on the roof, with some cabanas, which is pretty nice.Anyway, my room was decent. It had a balcony, which is a plus for some people. My bed was sort of floating, which was kind of weird. The front of it seemed to (at one point) be bolted to the floor, but had since separated itself, so it was up in the air. Lying or sitting on the bed brought it back down to level though, so it wasn't a big deal. Since these rooms are suites, they include a microwave, kitchen sink, refrigerator, and plates/silverware.Polo Towers is a good stay if you have a family and/or want to get away from the madness of the strip at the end of the day. The rooms aren't very modern, and the hotel doesn't have many amenities, but everything was clean so I don't have any real complaints.
1	Best location, bad customer service, very bad Bed I had to sleep on floor since the beds are not firm enough you feel you are on springs Jumping up and down .Not a nice pool although it is on roof you may go check out pools in whyn and encore resorts Very tiny rooms but it us good for rate on strip
4	The Polo Towers was a wonderful hotel and location for our first Vegas trip. As promised, it was right on the strip next to the MGM, and close walking distance to the monorail and rest of the strip. The property itself was lovely, and our room was very nice as well. I enjoyed that this timeshare resort has cleaning service everyday for garbage and towels (many do not). I also loved having a kitchen in the room as well as a mini grocery store in hotel. We were able to make breakfast in our room each morning which saved us a lot of money. We also had 80 minute massages at the spa- excellent! There is also no casino here, which makes it much quieter than the other resorts were. We also checked in in 10 minutes when I saw over an hour long lines at the other resorts. This is a time share resort, which means they still really push you to do a tour. I only get annoyed because I already own one- and won't buy another. Everything else was great and I would definitely trade to this property again if I came back to Vegas.
1	I found a decent deal for polo towers through groupon and figured I'd try it out for a last minute weekend in vegas. The yelp reviews didnt seem too bad...We got a studio room which was a little tight for two, but we managed. The reasons why I am rating one star:-we checked in around 6pm fri evening & went out. Ended up back at the room later in the night. The phone in the room rings at like 10:40. It's security asking if I am in the room & who I am/ when I checked in... Told me security is at the door & go ahead and open the door to tell them I'm in the room. WTF?! Meanwhile, I hear a knock.. Look thru the peep hole & it's security. This guy asked for my last name & if I've been in the room for the past couple of days. I'm like "no, I just checked in a course of hrs ago". He then tells me to call down to the front desk & let them know the situation cuz they checked someone else in the same room. The other person's luggage was in the hallway too.... So I called down to the front desk & the operator puts me on hold for a good 5-10 mins... Letting me get even more mad about the situation. Finally got to speak to the manager who apologized for the situation & says it "never" happens & they'll be investigating the situation blah blah blah. When I asked what would have happened if I didn't have the do not disturb sign on the door and was out for the evening... The other guest would have access to my room & would have came in. The response again was that there will be an investigation...I asked for another room because I didn't feel comfortable staying in that room for the next two nights. However, they said that since I am already occupying the room... They are at full occupancy & couldn't give me another room. They delivered new keys instead. - the walls are super thin.. I could hear morning conversations coming from the next room & the blender at like 6am- plumbing is loud and there was NO hot water on Sunday morning.The people are nice overall. I definitely has a bad experience & will not be returning... Great location, but too many things did not go right during my stay :(
1	Do not stay here. It really blows. Room is small. I could hear the people next door talking and moving around. Parking is a mess and way over priced. Not to mention they charged me $250.00 extra for a deposit which you get back when you check out.
4	Booked this hotel through Travelocity and the reason we chose this particular hotel was because it's right along the strip, is non-smoking, and mainly because it has no casino inside. We stayed in the middle tower on the third floor and the view was not the best, but I didn't expect anything great since we booked through Travelocity. What I was looking forward to was the rooftop pool because it looked so great in the photos, but I had completely ignored the fact that all hotels generally make their pools look large and luxurious in their photos. The pool was small and was only 3'9ft deep (most Las Vegas hotel pools only go up to 3ft deep). The view wasn't anything as I had expected, you were only able to see the top half of some hotels but you couldn't even see down The Strip because it's caged and fenced off real high around the perimeter. I used to work at a hotel and am aware that you will find foreign hairs on your bed set which I did, but didn't bother complaining. Just pick it off and your good. The biggest problem was how loud the air conditioner/heater was! It literally sounds like there's a washer machine going off the whole time. We chose not to have housekeeping service but whenever we needed something, they would happily bring it. The staff is very friendly and are willing to help with all your needs. I overall liked this hotel!
1	Spent last night at the hotel and the bed in the room is called a murphy bed which is a pullout couch.  Paying hotel rates for a pull out couch was like visiting the parents.went to complain but they would not let me cancel my reservation and go to another hotelservice was bad and could not wait for the sun to rise Run away from this place
4	We stayed at Polo Towers as a timeshare..pool cut on foot great service. they call every time after to check that you got the service asked for like more towels, extra key etc. Great space, clean rooms, right off the strip and totally accomadating. The only bummer was that taxis are hard to come by at there roundabout.
4	My husband and I loved our stay in the studio room at Polo. We had the murphy bed, which was very comfortable, a kitchenette, which was very handy, and a wonderful location to the strip. Two quick - and not that bad - complaints.1. WTH with the coffee maker? I mean, really, coffee should not be this complicated. The directions (and coffee maker, filter, and grounds) made it look simple enough. But there was no carafe. And when I went to concierge to ask, the two really-young-boys manning it said "we were told to tell you it's a single cup brewer." Nope. I didn't make any coffee over my 6 day stay, and housekeeping is very welcome for that.2. A woman who said she was a housekeeping supervisor visited us on the 3rd night to ask us if we thought housekeeping did a good job. I thought this was nice - until the 4th night, when I was in bed and didn't answer the slight knock at the door and then SHE WALKED RIGHT IN. No announcement of who she was or anything, just used her key and came in. I jumped out of bed and she said the same thing as the night before - did I think housekeeping did a good job? Umm, what? No, you don't need to come in every night to check. And if you do, for the love of Vegas, announce yourself!!!
3	Such a wonderful place shouldn't be without food. Noisy industrial type happenings downstairs. The room and bed were excellent but the service is lacking. It's not worth the price we paid as owners let alone regular guest prices. Much nicer than the strat, Luxor or the like. But I am still disappointed. Don't come here
2	This review is just a first time experience account and I 'm hoping to give this hotel another try in the near future. My wife and stayed here on our pre-honey moon after we got married June 22, 2013. We booked it through a 3rd party and told them what we wanted: jetted tub, large strip view window, etc. We get to the hotel: small room, standing shower only, fold out wall bed, and a 30" flat screen. I called front desk immediately and explained everything, but nothing could be done. The area was good since it was by the Hawaiian Shopping Market on The Strip, but it was our honeymoon and the room was not what we wanted.I got over things quick because I realized that the 3rd party agent was the one that probably jipped me from the getco offering me something that was never even possible on his end...but he wanted the sale.Anywho, the rating is just for the entire first experience. We'll give it another shot - I'm sure the update will be a more delighted experience :)
4	Ok. It's not the Ritz, or Bellagio. But its a great bargain with fairly nice, clean rooms and an AWESOME location. Have stayed here 2x in 3 yrs - a friend's timeshare condo. The service has always been surprisingly good. This year they raised the bar, and were exceptionally courteous too. We liked the room at Vdara last year, but hated the longggggg trek to get to the strip. At Polo Towers, you are on the strip in 60 seconds. Plus I love being right next to the 24hr Walgreens at Planet Hollywood - you can load up on food, drink & tylenol for the hangover.,,,,
1	This is without a doubt the worst hotel with a star rating that I have ever stayed at. I never write reviews but it was so bad that I had to make a comment. First off it was advertised with free internet, not. No hot water the first night, said they were working on it. Toilet didn't flush properly. Out of three elevators only one was working. I waited 5 min. for one. Pool was closed for remodel with no notification that they were remodeling. Should I go on. No, I booked another hotel for my last two nights that I paid for at this hotel. It was that bad. Sorry, I do not recommend this hotel.
4	You know what? Not bad. I really enjoyed my stay at the Polo Towers. Went for a friend's birthday (who also comped the room for us! yay!). This timeshare is unlike other timeshares I've been to in Vegas. It's right smack dab in the middle of the strip. The place isn't crazy packed like a casino, so while you don't get the experience in the hotel, it's still close enough to the action to really enjoy your stay. We had the 1 bedroom studio (which, fair warning, is the 2nd bedroom of a 2 bedroom suite -- they close off the suite section to rent out as a 1 bedroom suite when they do this configuration.) so in this case we didn't get a true bed, but a murphy bed. It's not a pull out sofa, as some people seem to be saying. It comes out of the wall -- like a murphy bed. It was firm, which was perfect. But I could've done with a better bed. Can't complain though on this one because linens were clean, everything was fresh.Will definitely be back!
5	Beautiful rooms. Full kitchen, dinning room table with living room space. All appliances and dining ware provided.
4	The location is perfect it's literally in the middle of the strip right behind the Hawaiian Marketplace. All the rooms have balcony's if you have a room facing the strip your view is AMAZING. The room (studio) is very nice and clean but small which is ok because no one really spends time in their room anyway.  But they do have larger rooms 1-2 bedroom suites. I just got a studio because it was just me. There is no casino or restaurant it's basically just a hotel in the middle of the Vegas strip. Will definitely stay here again if the price is right, because they are starting to increase in price from what I've seen.
4	I am writing this as a guest of a member with a timeshare in Diamond Resorts, in relation to the Polo Towers. I was very impressed with the room that we had.  My husband and I will definitely be looking into getting a timeshare when it is agreeable for our lifestyle.The tower were off the strip, but not exactly in foot traffic- which for me is wonderful. They are located behind a market place,  something to note, you will find the entrance on the right side of the building if you are entering from the strip. My husband was sad that the resort did not offer dining service, however, the shopping centers surrounding the building give so many options, I understand why it was unnecessary for the building to keep the service. However the concierge was fantastic and gave us a few recommendations for food delivery services as our poor feet could not walk much longer that day!The building is not over the top like the casino-hotels you would find. It was definitely nice though - it was very reserved- which is what I want when going to sleep. The room I had was one bedroom, with a view on the strip, had kitchen with the oven, microwave, and all the utensils I would need if I wanted to cook instead of breaking my budget (like I did, dining out!). It was a  very comfortable room, and everyone was very friendly. Many of the individuals at the front desk were knowledgeable and were sociable and kind enough to ask how our shows were and such.Our concierge offered a discount on show tickets for a 90 minutes seminar (with a n hour long sales pitch in addition), in which  the resort shows you the benefits of the timeshare, and will be looking to sell you a package. For my husband and I, we did not buy the package, but it was good information  to know when we are able to commit to going on vacations. Even though we did not purchase the heavily pushed product, they did honor their promise and gave us the discount. ** I will advise that in the beginning of this, they do advise you that they are asking you to buy something** I tell you this so that you know, and you will not have wasted time. All in all, I really enjoyed my stay- and felt at home- without all the stressors that home presents. If you have access to a timeshare, this place was pretty good.
5	Location was excellent as the property was directly across the street from the Mandarin Oriental and Aria. Just a couple blocks from Miracle Mile shops and the center of the Strip. The RTC had a stop in front of the hotels driveway making it convenient to travel to other parts of the strip via the Deuce for $8 for a 24 hour unlimited use pass. The Hawaiian marketplace is directly in front of the hotel and had fun kiosks to browse through. There's a foot massage place at the Marketplace that charges $10 per 10 minutes that I also highly recommend you try. The hotel itself has limited amenities but has all the basic necessities to offer its guests. The parlor bed was surprisingly thick and much more comfortable than anticipated. There was a kitchenette that also had plates and glasses for the guests. The shower had high water pressure which is also a surprise for any property. The pool was under renovation unfortunately. Lastly, be mindful that the walls are thin. We could hear our entertaining neighbors next door; they sounded like they were recording a Kanye west interlude. I'd stay here again next time I visit Vegas. The smoking balcony in the room was pretty convenient since most hotels on the strip don't have balconies.
2	Rooms are okay, not that clean. I found pills under my bed, there was soap stuck in the shower. Spa staff is nice, but the concierge desk sure upset me! They gave me a number for a gift place to have a birthday gift sent to a friend. Champagne and fruit. They send a security guard up and tell my best friend compliments from downstairs. Hmmmmm pretty sure downstairs didn't pay for it, I did, yep it was me! Very tacky Polo! This morning I was leaving with quite a bit of luggage and not a single person asked if they could help. The best western is more polite. I feel sorry for people who have wasted their money on this place. I've stayed in much more polite motel 6s ha!
4	Stayed here recently and honestly it was a very pleasant stay here. Being right near the strip, literally walking distance to Planet Hollywood, Aria and Cosmopolitan just to name a few. Thanks to my friend and her timeshare, place was pretty cheap! We were staying in a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom suite and was not disappointed at all. Fully furnished with a kitchen in the main room and a small mini kitchen in the other. Kitchens provided numerous cups, mugs, plates, bowls and appliances (Blender/coffeemaker)! So you are able to literally live in this hotel as if its your own personal apartment. Master bedroom is amazing, provided with one of the comfiest king beds I've slept in and a nice large bathroom. the connected room, was much smaller but still a nice stay, with a bed that comes out of the wall and was still pretty comfy. Definitely would come back here for another weekend!
2	Clean, Comfortable Bed, good location.... but that's it. NO amenities AT ALL, not even free in-room coffee. No WifiRooms are dinky and barely comfortable for 2 people, only have 1 chair and bed. If you're a timeshare owner, they will only exchange for this tiny studio with murphy/sofa bed. Even if you own a 1-2bdrm suite.Shuttle was always over-booked full - never got on.Rooms have no insulation and doorbells!! WHY!? Ridiculously loud. "Strip View" balcony over looks rooftops and a large parking structure.Perfect for young partiers that don't care about sleep or amenities.
4	We stayed in a villa at the Polo Towers for four nights 03-17-14 to 03-21-14 and we very much enjoyed our stay. We purchased this through a vendor at the Sacramento Landscape show for $149. The only obligation was to attend a "90 minute" timeshare presentation. It was very easy and low pressure. Just be honest from the start if you're not interested in purchasing, don't ask questions and be nice about it. The process took about 110 minutes but the presentation was good, the presenter was funny, and the time passed quickly. One of the easiest I've ever been to. After the presentation we were directed to Gifting and received a $100 VISA which we used all over the strip at restaurants and for a show. Total price: $49 - FOR FOUR NIGHTS IN A VILLA!!The villa itself was very nice. Located on the second floor facing the entrance but still fairly quiet. Granite countertops, large jetted tub, sound system, lots of closet space, two flat screens, free Wi-Fi, balcony, full kitchen with full-sized fridge (with icemaker), stove, microwave, dishwasher, cutlery, dishes, comfy bed, bathroom with separate his/her sink and counter. The roof-top pool is nice and even has gas bbq's for guest use. The only negative was the air conditioner in the room was a little loud.Great central location on the strip, very nice room, friendly staff, non-gambling hotel.  Would definitely do this deal again if offered.
3	Have stayed here many times over the years.  Pretty nice timeshare property.  Pros:1.  Very nice location on the Strip.2.  Walking distance to the best hotels and casinos on the Strip3.  No smoke-filled casino inside the hotel.4.  Full kitchen in the two bedroom suites5.  Clean and comfortable for the most part.Cons:1.  Decor is a bit dated2.  Murphy Bed in living room is uncomfortable3.  Compared to other properties on the Strip, this place is just old.Overall, the Polo Towers deserves a respectable 3.5 stars!  I am just not a fan of the place so no 4 stars.
1	Do Not Stay here! Rude staff! They try to sell you a time share and waste your day! Rude rude rude never again
1	I went to a time share presentation here just for the gifts.  Well I didn't get what they promised.  They were very pushy; I flat out said their hotel sucks and why would I want to stay there when I can get an updated room on the strip for $50 a night during the summer.  They just wouldn't stop.  Then when it was time for the gifts; it was such a fraud.  The $100 gift card was actually 4 $25 vouchers to restaurant.com.  You have to spend $50 to use it and you can only use one every 3 months.  Also they promised $100 gambling voucher at the Cosmo...well it was a $100 voucher to a crappy casino miles away.  And you could only play in vouchers in two special machine.  Here's the kicker, if you won on the machine, you couldn't take the money out.  I won $500 but you have to keep playing it until you either win the grand prize or lose it all.
4	I highly recommend this resort. We have stayed at the Tahiti, another resort but off the strip, and we come to LV about every 2 years for the past 15 years. There are not many resorts on the strip near the epicenter of the action.This is a Diamond resort. This resort is on the strip, it's most important trait is the location, location, location!  Just North of MGM Casino & south of Planet Hollywood Casino. Across the street from Aria Casino. It's also near the biggest Walgreens I've ever seen. It is between 2 Walgreens. The Walgreens south of PT is a typical vacation filled Walgreens. The Walgreens north of PT is a "Super" 3 level store with walk in beer fridge. Be sure to check it out.On Saturday morning there is a free bus you can take to Albertson's for grocery if you intend to cook. There are so many good restaurants in the Casinos though so do not buy to much. There is also free bus service one night for the Fremont Street Experience, for 3.5 hours.  Charlotte, a PT employee, is all smiles and helpful with this and anything else.Internet service was free, reliable and download speed fast. I usually comment on the TV service but did not use it much. To much other good stuff to do. I did find the NBA playoff game series I was following.The 2 bedroom layout is very good. I would not recommend a Junior suite with a Murphy bed though. It's to tiny as a stand-alone unit. For 2 people, a one bedroom/king bed/full kitchen is  highly recommended, as a minimum. Honestly folks, most females will hate the Studio accommodations. It brings on claustrophobia. Feels like NYC room sizes where you can touch the 4 room walls while in bed. :-) Not hating NYC; just saying.There is a rooftop pool/observation deck/BBQ Grill,free parking,well equipped Health Club, free laundry and kiddie pool/play area.
2	Great location, good price and nice rooms. My only problem with this place is that they are extremely strict when it comes to drinks in the pool. Not sure about any of you, but when I'm hanging out in Vegas in a pool on a 100 degree day, I want a drink in hand. They had a 10 foot outside of the pool rule that I thought was pretty dumb. That even included drinking water.  And I don't understand that rule since every other hotel in Vegas has no such rule, I've even stayed at other diamond resorts that had no such rule. Consider it a heads up for people who like to have a drink while chilling in the pool.
3	Pros: Great location- right on the strip.Walking distance to nice restaurants and casinosRooms are cleanStaffs & the service are okayNo smoke-filled casino inside the hotelHousekeeping is solidCons:TINY room if you are staying in a studio. (I don't think it's comfortable enough.) Also, you can hear people talking or having sex from the room right next to youNo hot water in our room when we stayed over. My friends stayed here the other time and they had a broken AC in their room.They refused to refill coffee daily....Decor is old and dated
4	I stayed here for a 2 night stay with my daughters May 13-15.  I chose the Polo Towers because I had stayed here before and loved the rooms.  This time I opted for 2 small rooms with the murphy beds although I didn't know they'd be the pull out of the wall type beds in the smaller rooms.  Nonetheless, they were quite comfortable and no I didn't have to pull it down from the wall myself - it was already done for me and the bed was ready to jump in. My party had a cancelation so it went from a party of 4 to a party of 3.  i tried to have our 2 reserved rooms combined my reservations to one big room however they advised there would be an additional charge and because reservation was made by priceline, I would have to call them for any changes.  BOOOO - they could've accomodated me but chose not to, so that part sucked.The location of the hotel (time share) is GREAT, close to Planet Hollywood to go see Britney and close to Mickey D's for a cheap breakfast and Walgreens for little necessities.  Lots of parking and if you can't find a spot to park, the valet will find one for you for free (I tipped them anyways cause they were polite and young and nice).  I didn't stay long enought to enjoy the rooftop pool but would have had I stayed an extra day.  All of the hotels charge a "hotel fee" plus tax on the fee (really!?) however Polo only charges $10 per room per night whereas other hotels charge $25, so you will get less jacked at Polo.  Ignore/Avoid the WELCOME package and the FAREWELL package - they just want to sell you time share stuff...and if they miss you they will leave a message for you on your phone line (phone will not ring, you'll just notice a flashing red light on your phone and wonder in delight, WHO CALLED ME?! only to realize it's Diamond Resorts trying to grab your attention.)I like it here, I'd come back,,,,hey, maybe I WILL get a timeshare here.....
5	Stayed here for three nights for Memorial Day weekend 2014. From the moment we arrived, until the moment we left, this hotel was great for me and my group. First of all, me and one of my friends arrived at 6 am on a Friday morning. We asked if it was possible to check in early (real early!) Normal check in is 4pm, but the lady at the front desk was very accommodating.  We even had an issue because our friend who booked the room ended up not going on the trip, but thankfully we had a copy of his credit card and I.d. and were able to work out the confusion. I wish I could remember the lady who helped us name. I think she mainly works the graveyard shift at the hotel. She even told us she wanted to make sure she helped us before she got off at 6:30am. But the fact that this one employee was so helpful makes this review by itself 5 stars.We got a one bedroom suite for the weekend.  Once we got in the room I was pleasantly surprised to how nice the room actually was. I have stayed at lots of other resorts on the strip, including Vdara, Elara, Encore, and other hotels,  and for the price, this place was great and has many of the same amenities as the more expensive hotels/resorts. One bedroom suite included a full kitchen, huge modern bathroom, separate living room (w/ pull out couch) and bedroom. Even had a big walk in closet area, which one of my friends took the couch cushions and made into a bedroom.  Lol. The bedroom also had a small balcony which was nice for the smokers in our group.   There were 6 of us and space was comfortable.  Even had a sound system in the living room for us to plug our ipods (I brought my own auxiliary cable).Location wise this place is literally across the street from city center, so it was right in the heart of the strip. Their business center was also completely free, including internet access and printing,  which was great for me and my group to print our pre sale pool & club tickets.  Only one bad thing about this hotel is they do not get very many taxis, so the wait for taxi's was sometimes long.I would definitely recommend this hotel/resort to anyone!
5	This is a great place to stay at if you're on a budget since it's right smack on the middle  of the strip! The room was clean, as well as the bathroom. The staff was very helpful as well.  When my boyfriend & i needed help with anything, Cesar was always extremely helpful & would go above & beyond to accommodate us & answer any questions we had!  So if you are planning on only spending a few hours a night & don't mind going out for adventures, I definitely recommend staying here :)
4	The first thing i want to start off with to address all prior reviews I am reading..... If you are young and are checking in, just tell the concierge you are under 25 when they give you your welcome package and they don't ask you to sit through the sales pitch for the timeshare! Now that that's out of the way.... It was amazing staying here. The full kitchen is lovely. Saved us money making our own dinner one night out of the week. Never had issues with them cleaning the room, they always gave fresh towels and toiletries. The pool on the roof is fun! I love that there are BBQ there u can use. Cabanas first come first serve.... Try to find that anywhere else on the strip. The only thing about the pool is that there's no bar :'( it's not a casino so I can understand though. You can bring drinks in plastic cups to pool. They also have a mini mart u can buy necessary items at and it's right near mgm and Walgreens. Honestly i would stay here again. Maybe next year! I enjoyed it here more than Mandalay Bay and luxor. Much more comfortable and roomy.
4	They got me - I bought a timeshare there through Diamond Resorts.Beautiful property. Great view from the pool on the roof. Pool was a bit small though.Mini mart downstairs with many options for food and liquor- so convenient. Right in the middle of the strip so you're set no matter where you want to go.
4	I cannot say anything about the price since we did not pay for the nights we were there, its my best friends timeshare.  I thought our room was excellent.  we were in the back corner - I can't remember which tower but we loved it.  The room was beautiful and very updated.  Also close to all the major hotels.  I recommend this place highly.
4	This is a great location, basically right on the strip. If you are saving money over a hotel casino then very worth it or if you like having a good size fridge and microwave as well as flat screen tv with DVD player and stereo mostly all with mp3 plug in and good size gym right inside by the lobby then another reason to stay here. The studio room is pretty small. I stayed in one with a friend. It wasn't cramped but it is much smaller than a standard hotel room although the price was right. The one bedroom on the other hand is huge! It was about the same size as the 20th floor suite I was comped at tropicana which was the biggest and nicest room I have been in Vegas. So all in all polo towers is a good location and good amenities. I will stay there again.
4	Came here with a friend of mine for a weekend getaway. I wasn't planning on staying here but my friend insisted since her father has a timeshare that we could use. Free room? HELL YES! We arrived kind of late since we took a late flight due to getting off work at 5:00 pm. I like how this hotel is in the middle of the strip so your walks are not so long and tiring if you go at the end of the strip or something. The staffs were nice and friendly.. asking if it's our first time staying and told us there's a mini-mart just in case we want to cook our meals, pool is on the room top and if we needed anything else that we should give them a call from our room.One thing I like about this hotel was their elevators - you need your key card in order to go up and down the floor. No strangers wandering around the floor if you are paranoid or just worried about the safety of your place hehehWe had the villa. I must say I didn't like our view that much because it was mostly on the side and all we see is the parking garage but we didn't really care as much. They have every basic amenities - stove, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, you name it. The bed was very comfortable as well. The AC felt so nice since it was hot outside while walking... it just a bit noisy at night when they are automatically turning on and off. Oh their fridge! I like their freezer because there's this switch if you want to make ice cubes and all that.. then you can just put the switch back if you don't want anymore ice cubes being made. Overall, we had a pleasant stay here. I would definitely go back in the future.
3	This place was okay. We asked for a non-smoking room but our room smells like straight up cigarettes. It's disgusting. Found a couple hairs on the bed, which means that I'm fairly certain not everything is washed. Other than that it was pretty clean. Nothing special. I probably wouldn't stay here again though.
4	Stayed here for four nights in July and had a wonderful time.  The hotel is within walking distance of everything you could possibly need to have a nice, relaxing Vegas weekend.Our room was a one bedroom suite.  There was a pullout sofa bed that was remarkably comfortable.  It's really a great resort for small families who like to save money on meals.  Plenty of outlets everywhere to charge your electronic leashes.The kitchen was fully stocked with everything you need to cook your own meals (plates, cups, utensils, cooking utensils) and all of the appliances were Cuisinart.  Bring your own cooking oil, salt, and pepper.  There's a dishwasher so cleanup is easy.The pool is on the 22nd floor and there are free cabanas for your use.  The pool is only three feet deep, so it's perfect for kids.  There are also several barbecues for your use by the pool.Wifi is free for Diamond Resorts members.  Free valet parking (remember to tip).  Also, be sure to talk to the concierge who can give you coupons and tips for saving money in Vegas during your stay.
5	Polo Towers was great. We visited on Aug 7-9. We were looking for a place that had a kitchen so we could save some money on food and drinks. This place had a FULL kitchen with a full fridge and ice maker. we didn't even have to leave the room to get ice.. I was so glad to read the reviews on here first before booking. We decided on the one bedroom due to the reviews saying the studio was quite small. The one bedroom was HUGE. Key points, we got to the hotel around noon and they let us check in early. I asked for a higher up floor and they were able to accommodate us with floor 18. They did take a $100 deposit, but no big deal. There is also a $20 a day plus tax resort fee that you pay upfront. This does include WiFi. they gave us instructions on how to log in when we checked in.They did mention the "free gifts" when checking in if we listened to the presentation, but we told them that we didn't make $50K a year and were not married (which is true) so they didn't pressure us at all and left it at that.The elevators were a little slow and got a little crowded but not that big a deal.One morning we opted out of having housecleaning come in, and they left a message on the phone just letting us know that if we do need anything to just call and ask. Super nice. I can sleep in and take my time getting ready and still get fresh towels if I want. :)If you get the one bedroom, I will say the instructions for the coffee maker were not that helpful. If you get a coffee maker that doesn't have a carafe, please note that you will make coffee as usual, but to dispense the coffee, there is a little lever in the front that will dispense it. So basically it brews in the maker. Just wanted to pass along the knowledge.Also, in check out, there was no pressure of selling us a timeshare. we just checked out.Staff was friendly. Location was great.Will definitely come back
1	I had an item taken from our room.  When we expressed our concern we never even received a phone call back.
4	I'll start by saying we came here on one of the time share deal things. The room we got was awesome. Pretty good for a handicap accessible room. It comfortably fit three adults. The location is great. Easy access to the strip. Despite the language barrier, the housekeeping staff were polite and made sure we had what we needed. The front desk staff were also amazing. The only reason it isn't a five star review is the time share presentation. I understand that it's their jobs to try to sell us the timeshare. It's a high pressure sale industry, and I totally get it. But when I told them I didn't actually like to travel and I have never liked to travel in my entire life, they just kept telling me that if I spent 16 thousand on this amazing deal package with their imaginary points system that I would grow to love traveling.
1	First of all their self parking is small a fuck. Came here on a Monday and they didn't even have one spot open second of all. They have a $100 hold on you card like what the fuck. I was just at diff hotel and they didn't do that for us. Never comin back. Their signs are ambiguous and barely any taxis. I want to shit on this place n never come back
1	This place Is  TERRIBLE. The self parking lot is sooooo small. They put a 100 dollar hold On your card which I had NO IDEA ABOUT. I wasn't able to check in till 4 and check out is at 10..... There's so many things wrong with this place. I would never ever come back !!
2	Nestled literally in the middle of the strip and about a block off of Las Vegas Blvd. the location can't be beat. In front of you is the Aria and the Monte Carlo. To the left MGM, NY NY, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Tropicana. To the right, Mandarian Oriental, Planet Hollywood, Crystals, Paris, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, Bally's, Ceasar's, Flamingo, Harrah's, Venetian, Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn, Encore, further down is Trump, Circus Circus and The Stratosphere. Enough geography. The property is dated. The front desk and the "timeshare people" are the only ones who even look your way to acknowledge you and say hello. Housekeeping folks (most) walk right by you without even a glance. A nice touch is the free valet service, who get your car for you when ever you venture out, EXCEPT when it's check out time! Oh, the car keys were at the front desk upon departure but the ever present door opener and smiling glad hander was mysteriously absent when I checked out. Hmmmm I guess tips are more infrequent when folks leave Las Vegas....lol. Too obvious. To much to do in Vegas to do the pool scene. Housekeeping was good and done daily, although if you want them to CHANGE your bed linen there is a $7 fee or they will bring you fresh linen and you can do it yourself for free. The surrounding area of the property is an eyesore. Parking lots, garbage dumps, back alleys and such. When you walk out to las Vegas Blvd. you are in an area of cheap gift shops and seedy individuals trying to sell you anything from timeshares to helicopter rides to bus outings to Grand Canyon trips to parties for the night to free shows to strip clubs and the list goes on and on and on. Once you break clear of that area the vibe improves greatly. Need quick groceries? Walgrens and CVS are right there. Nightclubs are the #1 revenue producer in Vegas followed closely by eating establishments. Gambling is about #40 on the list of Vegas money makers. Malls are the new big thing here as well, with about 4 big ones to choose from on the strip. Sidewalks have disappeared and have been replaced by connecting bridges that span the gap from one side of the street to the other. I could have been ticketed for jaywalking at least a dozen or more times. Back to the property. Your room better have a fridge with an ice maker, if not, the ice machine is located in tower #1 ( they have 3 towers)  on the 18th floor and tower #3 on floors, 2,5,8,11,15,and 21. I guess tower #2 rooms have ice making capabilities. The key card activates the elevator  which is a nice touch as far as security goes. The store selling Starbucks was adequate with a very helpful clerk. All in all nothing 4 or 5 star worthy. Heavy on the timeshare push, no casino, no in house entertainment, no in house shopping, you get the idea. Good location but I would stay somewhere else my next in Sin City. Oh yeah and no one asked did I need help with my bags when I called the front desk to tell them I was checking out.
4	Planned a Bachelorette party for my bestie, and decided to try it out Polo Towers as a local I was trying to get the best bang for my buck. And I loved it, it was great to stay where there wasnt a casino to walk trough to get to the hotel. It was off the strip but walking distance from everything. We had a 2 bedroom villa and the room was great! The staff here was amazing everyone was very helpful!  Got locked out of my room and they had security walk me up and let me in so that I could show my ID for a new card since mine was deactivated.  They had a nice pool, it is only 3 ft deep so not too good if looking for swimming but nice to kick it in the water and hangout.Absolutely amazing I loved the experience. I would definitely recommend it! Only thing I would criticize is the elevators going into the 3rd tower. They take forever since there is only 3 of them. But to avoid that problem you can take the tower 1 elevators and walk to tower 3 so that it doesn't take forever.
5	I stayed here for my sister's wedding.  We were all on the 8th floor which took some doing on the part of the staff here at the Polo.  The people were very nice and someone was always cleaning.  Our rooms were fully stocked with the necessary items and the roof pool and kids water play area were both clean and neat.  I really liked the entire set up from the front area, to the store (slightly higher prices for convenience sake) and the rooms and halls.  I would stay here again.  We had a 2 bedroom suite, which was actually a studio and one bedroom suite linked through a door within the rooms.
1	On our first day when we check in at 12am they told us that there is no room available that they are booked. But yet we had a reservation and they even call us stating our room is ready. Then our third they lost our vehicle key at the bell desk. No apology was heard from any of the bell crew. This hotel was not is not recommended if you want to enjoy your vacation. No friendly staff and shitty management!  Poor service.
5	All the comforts of home... away from home, genius :) Parking underground confused me though, seems there is just 1 level w/ not too many stalls and 2 rows  that dead end, I ended up valeting.  The resort is right behind the Hawaiian marketplace, a short 2 min & ur on the strip.  The view from the room is gorgeous.  Our 1st stay here, will be back for sure!
1	Two stars are for a good location, a great view and clean accommodations.  Thats where it ends.  The room we stayed in was dated, stucco still on the ceiling, but thats not a biggie, the part that was the worst is that they constantly push you to attend an owners update meeting.  Yes, 18 years ago I was stupid enough to fall for the timeshare trap.  So we paid $10,000 for a 1 week, 1 bedroom back then.  Guess what, according to Polo Towers salesmen, its worth a dollar if you can get anyone to take it.  However, they have a deal for us, spend another $20 plus thousand and they can convert our deeded time into points that we can use all over the world.  The week we currently have is worth 11000 points, but they can't upgrade us to the point system unless we spend that $20 plus thousand.  When we told them we thought this was an owner update not a sales meeting, he laughed at us and said you knew it was.  We were promised the meeting wouldn't go over 55 minutes, unless we asked a lot of questions, we did not, they had us trapped for 2 hours.  We repeated "no" several times, but were ignored and then he would just set there and say he was waiting for something from his boss.  Of course, eventually the "closer" came and again we said no, by this time I'm fuming.  Finally, he took us to the elevator and walked us back downstairs and now the once friendly guy wouldn't speak to us.If you don't mind wasting several hours of your vacation being hassled, then Polo Towers is fine, although there are better quality timeshares in Vegas for the money.  I'm stuck with this place and so I'll use it, although I would happily get rid of it.  The money I pay in maintenance fees each year, I could stay at a hotel of my choice anytime I want, rather than when its available.
4	Polo was cool yo, even though it had no casino to spend my dolo.I liked the service simple it was straight to the point. Location on the strip is AwesomeThe room = AwesomeThe Balcony was to die for. lolThe kitchen was awesome. (freefrigerator)I have bad luck with showers in vegas for some reason. The water leaked onto the floor every time.I didn't want anyone cleaning my room the 2 nights i was there, so i put the do not disturb sign up, all the time. I came back one time, and saw that they still went in my room. My stuff was untouched.I ate food elsewhere.I would take a wife-like woman here. Great for couples basically.A lot of middle aged to older crowds in that hotel. It was in mid-late October so most younger crowds were probably in school or broke. Don't choke, twas a joke.If my room wasn't raided, I would have given it a 5.
1	Came here with both my family and my in-laws; checked in fine.  We go to our room and our keys don't work.  Call front desk, they tell us to go down to the lobby for new keys.  Get new keys, go back up, same problem.  Call front desk, they send security to open the door...there are people in the room!!!  They double booked!  :(  Go back downstairs, they apologize and give us a new room.  Go up to our new room, and there is a "do not disturb" notice.  Obviously the room is taken...back to the lobby, they wrote the wrong room number...Really pissed, but trying to manage a smile since tomorrow's Christmas.  Finally, in our room, almost an hour later...Oh, and all this with a pregnant wife...  Most other hotels I've been to, when they screw up badly even ONCE, they usually go out of their way to ensure that they accommodate, sometimes even over-accommodate.Let's see how the rest of the days go, and I'll update.  But they pretty much ruined my Christmas Eve.
1	Day 2, we found out the coffee maker was broken.Finally got a call from management day 2, and Thank you Julie for everything you did, very accommodating and really tried to make the rest of our stay pleasant!FORTUNATELY, we check out today!!!  UNFORTUNATELY, that shows how we feel we've been treated throughout.  I'd like to raise a star because of Julie, but the other workers just don't seem to get it.We chose this place instead of Marriott (my go-to hotels), because my brother in law has a timeshare with polo towers for work.  If this is how they treat timeshare owners (like crap), I think it may be time to change timeshare locations.  Even checking out is not accommodating.  We are here with extended family which includes three senior citizens, a pregnant wife, and two very young children;  we asked them to allow us an hour extension for ONE room, the room that the parents were in, because we would have to move our stuff into our cars then go back and help the parents move theirs.  They simply replied with, there are no late checkouts today.   I was furious and told them how bad our experience was here at the polo towers and the only single person who remotely gave a crap about their clients was "Julie" the manager.  After my rant she asked me to hold to ask a manager who then allowed us one room checkout extension...I think the staff can use an update and monthly evaluations.  You're in the hospitality business, you should be hiring staff who understands hospitality.  You need more staff like Julie the manager and your reputation will skyrocket.  I don't know if we'll ever come back, I'm convincing my brother in law to speak to his work about changing timeshares, or at least have an evaluation from others about their experiences here and make a decision based upon that.  All I know is, Marriott double booked a room on me ONCE, and IMMEDIATELY The on site manager came out, apologized, AND hooked us up with a sweet upgrade to a junior suite.  This place should look at how the other hotels operate and revamp their operations.
2	After I booked the room, I've been harassed by its marketing phone call every day even though I'm on the Do Not Call list. I called back and asked them to remove my name from their list, the agent told me that legally they have 30 days to do it! Ridiculous!!The room was just OK. Nothing fancy about it. The good part is it doesn't have an casino full with cigarette smoke.I came here during CES and I wanted to call a cab to head to my meeting. The bell boy told me that no taxi is available for the next 30 minutes but suggested me to take a shuttle that they arranged for CES attendees and the fare is $10. However, the next day, he gave me the same speech but the driver asked for $15 instead. I'm wondering if Polo Towers getting a cut out of it.I asked for late check out. The front desk told me that I have to check out by 10:30 AM! I've stayed many places but never heard of late check out to be that early. Usually around noon or after noon.
