5	Went here with the family for Christmas Eve dinner....everything was phenomenal from the service to the atmosphere to the food.  I had the lamb chops medium rare as recommended by the chef, and they were outstanding.  Add my usual two brandy Manhattans and I'm well done :-)  Definitely one of those restaurants where any choice on the menu will make you happy.
4	Grade: B+The only reason this is not an A- are the prices here. Are you freakin' kidding me? Excellent service. Make someone else pay and you will be in heaven.
5	Excellent all around, best in Madison !
2	I'd love to give this place more than two stars but their wine prices are almost laughable.  TRIPLE what some other places charge for the same wine.  Come on.  As far as the food, yeah, its ok.  Slightly below Mortons or any of the other big chains.  The seafood platter tasted frozen and watery.   Maybe the best steak in Madison but at these prices I expected more (and I really like expensive steak joints...this one just isn't worth it).
4	Fleming's has very good steaks.  They are not the best in Madison as some people claim, that honor goes to the Tornado Club.I had the Ribeye, and it was delicious, great flavor and cooked a perfect medium rare just as I requested.  The ribeye was slightly over salted though, but the flavor made that barely noticeable.  The sides are served family style which is something I like.  The Fleming's potatoes are amazing(Potatoes with cheese, cream, and jalepeno pieces) and the grilled asparagus was flawless.4 and a half stars, but since that isn't a rating they get rounded down and not up.
3	Food: Good but not exceptional, and stick with the red meat.  The New York Strip was good and properly medium rare, but did not really stand out _that_ much compared to other steakhouses.  The Marlin (was a nightly special) was overcooked, tough, and over-salted.  Portions quite large for dainty eaters like myself.Service: No complaints.  Servers usually attentive to your drink needs but stay unobtrusive otherwise.Value: Can't comment on this, as the meal was paid for by a third party for both my visits.  However, I am not sure based on my experiences that the food, though good, would be worth paying premium prices.
5	You get what you pay for and the food is absolutely delicious.You can't go wrong with the filet and the onion rings are my favorite right now. They also have a great wine selection.
4	Very good steak - nicely seasoned ribeye and cooked perfectly medium rare.  The service was interesting.  As mentioned in a previous review, they try hard.  But there is something just not right - the service felt too coached.  It was if the waiter was just regurgitating perfectly scripted lines.  However I felt like he really didn't care.  Very swanky decor - especially for Madison.  Prices were high - glad I was not paying!My 4 star rating is based solely on the quality of my steak.
2	Like others have said, keep in mind its a chain.   I had a great experience at the Flemings in Oklahoma City that I was dying to try out Flemings in Madison.  However, I was somewhat disappointed.  I had the fillet with garlic mashed potatoes and my steak was cooked too much and the mashed potatoes were too garlicky.  I also felt I was being isolated since I was having dinner by myself.  I'd rather go to Ruth's Chris over this location.
4	I've been here several times. The decor is nice and the waitstaff was pretty attentive. I got the Summer price fixe menu-- I chose the chilled potato leek soup, the peppercorn crusted filet mignon, and for dessert the molten chocolate lava cake. The potato leek soup was good and the chocolate lava cake was to die for. However, the filet mignon was overly seasoned (way too peppery and way too salty)-- it covered up the flavor of the steak even.If you want a fantastic piece of steak, try some place else.
3	Thank God I went here for restaurant week--there is no way the price is right here.  It is extremely overpriced.  Sure, the food is decent, but not nearly as good as the price might indicates.  I, gasp!, didn't get the steak, but three people I was with did.  I feel that as a well-respected premium chain steakhouse, they would have been raving at how good the steak is.  A few grunts, 'mmm this is great steak' even?  But no.  In fact, I don't think I got anyone's reaction until the next day.  And even that wasn't enthusiastic.The service was mediocre.  We didn't get seated until 15 minutes after our reservation time.  It reminded me much like the episode of Seinfeld, the one where he made a reservation for a car.  You make a reservation for a reason.  Our waitress was far too peppy, and not to be too judgemental, but I swear the pitch of voice was high enough for a dog calling or something.  Often times she spoke way to high and too fast we couldn't understand what she was saying.  I enjoy a waitstaff to be comfortable and themselves, even if I'm in a nice restaurant.  As many reviews below me posted--she was very rehearsed.The saving grace of this place was the cheesecake.  It was delicious.  There is nothing else to say about it but that one simple yet perfectly descriptive word.
4	I've to Flemings a handful of times now and have nothing but good things to say about it.  I love the decor and ambiance.  There booths are so comfortable and regardless of where you sit, I feel like it's still private enough.  I've had dinner in the bar, in a booth, at their big center table and on their patio and every time has been great.  Their staff is knowledgeable and courteous as well as attentive.  Their martinis are a little expensive but so so good.  I always go straight for their ahi tuna appetizer and the calamari.  These two things are so amazing, and consistent.  I love their french onion soup and their parmesan mashed potatoes.  I've had most of the menu and can say that everything they put out is really good and worth trying.  My favorite dessert is their creme brulee and fresh whipped cream...unbelievable.  Obviously spendy but what good steak joint isn't?
3	Steak is good. Wine list decent. Ambiance is pleasant and well suited to business luncheons/dinners. I thought the muted TV showing live sports in one corner brought it down a notch but this is an American chain, after all. No draft beer but only bottled? Oh dear... that's an oversight.
5	If your bosses are loaded, recommend this place for your next holiday party.  You'll be on the couch watching 30 Rock reruns, reminiscing the melt-in-your-mouth, buttery rib-eye steaks and creamy garlic potatoes, for weeks following.  And the lava cakes.  Just insane.  I mean the crabcakes are uhhmayyzzing, and I don't even like crabcakes.
2	We went during restaurant week and we were very disappointed.  Maybe they mass produced steaks to feed the masses, so restaurant week may not be the best time to go.  We both got the filet which was somewhat bland and overcooked.  We were considering wine but aghast at the wine prices!  You can find much better wines at half the price.  Overall, fairly disappointing, considering that we had made steaks on our grill a few weeks before going to Fleming's and thought they were much better.
4	I have been to Flemings many times but not since I started Yelping so....my review!I took my wife to Flemings for Valentines Day (we celebrated the night before since the Daytona 500 was on Sunday...HAHAHA) and we had an amazing dinner as we always have had at Flemings.  Yes, I know Flemings is a chain owned by the Outback Steakhouse corporation and the general Madison person looks down on chain restaurants but I want to tell them....go screw because this chain is good and you do not know what you are missing!We were seated immediately when we arrived for our reservation and the staff was amazing.   Our waiter was exceptionally great as he never left us waiting or with our glasses empty.  5 stars for the service!My wife starts out of the shrimp cocktail and I with the French Onion soup.  Both were fantastic.  The soup was delicious and just how I liked it.For our entrees we both went with the special of the night (although we both had planned on something else) and it was two 4oz fillets wrapped in bacon along with two lobster tails.  The fillets were very good but mine was slightly overdone (I wanted Medium).  The lobster tails were delicious and were served with some sort of bisque to dip in.   We requested some drawn butter as the bisque was good but not what we liked with our lobster.  The butter was brought out immediately. So, out meal was great and besides the slightly overcooked steak (my fault as I know I should always order medium-rare at a restaurant) and we were very happy.With our dinner I have a couple glasses of the Mick Fleetwood Cabernet Sauvignon and it was a great wine.   Pricey...yeah but thats what you get when you order wine at a restaurant.   Now we were full and happy but wanted to be more happy.  I have gained my wife's pregnancy cravings and we wanted desert!  They had a red velvet cake on special that caught my eye when we got there.  My wife went ahead an ordered it so I went with the cheesecake so we did not have the same thing and could share.  Bad choice on my part.  The cheesecake was good but a little dry.  The red velvet cake was AMAZING!   My poor wife hardly got any of it.  LOLOverall Flemings is Flemings!   They have great steaks and great service!   Just like in the past, Flemings has my business over and over again.  I also love the fact that our exceptional waiter had his own business card so we can request him again!
2	Sent back a bloody steak and didnt see it for 30 minutes. desert took another 45 min to get there. Ruined our anniversery dinner, Longest meal I have ever had to sit thru...
4	I had the happy hour special, bacon cheese burger. Good stuff!  The bacon was smoked just right. The two onion ring sides were delicious. Ordinarily, I think it's rather pricey, so happy hour Wednesdays are good for the budget.The service was mixed - I'll write off our slightly rude waitress until I go there again to see if there is something systemic.
3	I was recently notified by a management member that he was truly sorry about the first mishap, nice to see someone is keeping tabs on their business first hand especially in this economic climate when bad critisizm can cost you lots of business. Ill give it another whirl and see what becomes of it.
5	This is the best high end steak chain in Madison. It has everything you would want including a very nice atmosphere. It is large enough that you do not feel like you are always right on top of the next table and can have a reasonably private conversation.The service is consistently good, but as with all chains you need to check the doneness of the steak and send it back if it is overcooked. I am pretty picky and they did overcook my steak once, but the free desert to make up for it was appreciated. Only the Tornado Room (the best in Madison) has a perfect record for me in Madison. I have had both very good business meetings and romantic dinners at Flemings. I agree with the other review that says the wine is over priced.
3	When we arrived, we were told that there was a 45 minute wait even though we could clearly see lots of open tables.  We were not guaranteed a table since we arrived 60 minutes to their closing time.  So we sat at the bar and were helped immediately - but it was clear the bar staff was interested in getting out of there as soon as possible.  We eventually were seated (to our surprise) and the atmosphere and experience in the restaurant was quite different from the bar.Our waitress was wonderful.  She made a great wine selection and we found the fact that she gave us her business card a little hysterical - but she was knowledgeable and friendly and quick - what more could you ask for?  It might have been nice if she didn't recommend a glass of wine that went for about $20.  My husband loved his two-steak dinner but his crab cakes were dry and tinny tasting, like the crab wasn't fresh and there were too many breadcrumbs.  I ordered the oysters Rockefeller and they were decent but the spinach did not taste fresh, either.  My osso bucco was awful; it should have been falling off the bone but it did not taste like it had been stewed long enough.  The connective tissues were not broken down and it made eating the thing impossible.  Additionally, it was not hot when it arrived.  I took it home and will use it to make stock - what a shame and waste.  The asparagus spears were undercooked but the risotto was great.It was a fun dinner for our "date night" because of the atmosphere but I don't imagine we will return.  We were really floored when we received the bill - had no idea that one Newcastle beer would cost more than actually buying a six pack of Newcastle.  So no - definitely NOT worth the cost.  For what we spent on dinner at Flemings, we could have had two amazing meals at L'etoile or Harvest.
4	Second experience was much better. The key is to go anytime besides restaurant week. The filet was perfect and the sides were delicious. Try the ahi tuna appetizer and the lava cake for dessert.
5	I have never had better service anywhere in my life, as it should be when you are paying that much for a nice dinner out. The food was amazing. I highly recommend the prime rib, medium rare. The white cosmo is also worth trying.
1	This was my first time dining at Fleming's & it will likely be my last. My gf ordered the special that night, filet mignon and spicy shrimp. I ordered the bone-in ribeye, mid-rare. We ordered many side dishes (grilled asparagus, sauteed mushrooms, chipotle mac & cheese) as well -- since it was our first visit we wanted to sample several items.  Her filet was cooked as asked, mid-rare, and the shrimp were nicely prepared. My steak, however, was another story. Admittedly, it was a fantastic cut of beef, but it was completely annihilated in the broiler. It was just a hair shy of well-done. I sent it back and our server (who was spectacular, by the way) promptly returned it to the kitchen. Within seconds, the Manager came over to apologize and admitted they had "missed it by a longshot" and immediately comped the steak & offered to re-fire all of our sides and bring them out with my new steak. I did not take him up on that as I didn't feel it was necessary. I continued to munch on the sides while waiting for my steak. When it arrived, it was noticeably different in appearance. It was much larger in diameter and much, much thinner. In fact, the rib bone had been cut in half lengthwise. By this time I was so full from eating the sides that I simply cut into the steak to check for temperature (more rare than medium-rare, but I was happier with that) and asked them to just box it up to take home. I wish I would have continued eating it. When I ate it the following day, it was one of the worst cuts of beef I have ever seen. Anywhere. Shameful for a "prime" steakhouse to serve something like that. There was so much connective tissue in this steak that it rendered it essentially inedible. The fat on it wasn't the delicious, marbled type in high quality ribeyes. It was the chewy, gristly kind on CHEAP cuts of meat. I can only assume that they have separate steaks for comped meals, which is ridiculous. I hope I'm wrong about that. I've had better at Texas Roadhouse. The sides were very good, but not enough to salvage the meal. You don't pay Prime Steakhouse prices just to get some decent asparagus. Meal AFTER the comped steak was still $100 and not worth even half that. Our server, Laura, was the only redeeming factor of the entire meal.
1	Avoid this place unless you enjoy being overcharged for mediocre, inconsistent food. Steak was fair (mine was fine, hers was tough and overdone), but the shrimp were badly overcooked and rubbery with a slop of mayonnaise-heavy filling and the careless addition of bacon. It was like they just threw some bacon on there because hey, everybody loves bacon. Yeah, not that much. The dessert was terrible. (Really -- you can mess up dessert.) The red velvet cake was...not much like cake at all. It was a sticky, oversweet (and oversized) brick that I could barely cut with a fork. That's not an exaggeration, we literally struggled to cut through the cake (it was served as a doubled portion for two). Sides were very good, but not near enough to compensate for the other shortfalls, especially at the prices they charge. Service was fine (good waiter) but the maitre d' practically walked away before we could return his greeting. You'll do a lot better elsewhere. I could tell you where, but Yelp CENSORED my recommendation. Look in Middleton.
4	Excellent salad with filet.  Great shrimp cocktail.  Tasty wine and mixed drinks.  Awesome berries and cream for dessert.  Classy joint, just like all Flemings restaurants.  According to our server, they were unexpectedly busy for that day of the week and he was overly apologetic for slower than usual service and comped our beverage.  This is what makes a great restaurant.
4	The food is great we did a rib eye & a sirloin pretty basic cuts, both were done correctly. The mushroom ravioli appetizer is special, the tuna as well...The decor is nice and makes this place a nice one for 'special' dinners. As others have mentioned it is pricey with a good tip for good service we were at $185 for two appetizers, two sides, two steaks and one glass of wine... hummm....
4	We are always hesitant to try steak chains, but Fleming's did a good job. The bread and cheese spreads were delicious; it could be a meal in itself. We started off with shrimp cocktail. Very good. I had the classic Caesar which was a very large salad. I shared over half of it with my husband. He had the prime bone in ribeye and was cooked to perfection! He said it was done perfect and had wonderful flavor. I had the Lobster tail which was very good. We shared a side of the mashed potatoes with blue cheese melted instead of butter, I would go back just for those! We had a very nice bottle of wine. I must say that they have an incredible wine selection. The waiter was very friendly and the decor was nice.
5	Probably the best steak restaurant in Madison. The seafood tower is outstanding as is the wine list. The sides are ala carte, but portions are bigger than Ruth's Chris and more suitable for sharing. I have never had a filet mignon here that was less than perfect (have eaten here at least a dozen times). Stay away during Restaurant Week (the specials are usually lame then anyway, being geared towards Ma and Pa Kettle's big night out). Wait staff is usually attentive, but sometimes annoyingly so. The Lava Cake is worth the twenty-minute wait.
3	At Fleming you are paying more for the atmosphere because with the prices they charge you would expect food so good you can't recall your own name. The portion size is also very small so if you're looking for a full meal then make a quick stop by McDonald because you probably won't find it here. Otherwise, the staff who serviced us at the time was average but can be a little annoying with the same old sales pitch of desert.
5	I live a block away from this Establishment and have dined here hundreds of times.  My review is long overdue.  So Let me break it down for you.  Food:  5 Stars.  The food is exceptional.  The steaks are always cooked to the temperature you desire.  Their fresh seafood is always delicious.  Chipotle MAC AND CHEESE is sinful.  Other people talk about how expensive this place is but the truth is they have something for everybody.  If you aren't looking to spend hundreds of dollars on dinner they have a bar menu with several more affordable options.  The Service:  5 Stars.  The servers are highly trained.  They always have managers in the restaurant.  They go above and beyond most fine dining establishments to make sure your experience is a good one.  If a problem does arise they are very quick to fix it.
3	We spent a few hours at Flemming's for appetizers and drinks; we weren't seated in the dining room, but instead hung out at the bar, which is rather small, given the overall size of Flemming's.Service was excellent - our bar tender was attentive and very helpful.  There are no taps available - it's bottles only, and they're pricey ($5.75 for most bottles).  Cocktails were average; nothing unique or to-die-for-good.  Wine selection was modest - I had a nice cabernet sauvignon, which I believe was around $7 per glass.We ordered several appetizers - calamari, carpaccio, shrimp, and cajun shrimp.  The carpaccio was excellent; the others were ordinary.  All-in-all, it's not a bad place.  But, given the choice, I'd rather hit some of the other steakhouses in the area.Oh, and parking... it's terrible.  With Metcalfe's, Flemming's, and Hilldale all competing for the same limited spots, it's nearly impossible to find parking.  I had to park in the Target ramp; not that exercise is a bad thing, but really?  Seemed a bit absurd.
5	Went New Years Eve. Very nice place, cozy atmosphere. It was five of us and we all enjoyed the service a lot and the food was excellent. Can't go wrong!!!
3	nice atmosphere and good service.the steak not worth the price and the portionwas very small.side dishes were good but again way over priced...
5	Outstanding food and service even by NYC standards.  Price point is high but you get what you pay for.  Would recommend this restaurant without hesitation.  Unparalleled in Madison.  Very attentive 5 star staff with consistent high grade service. Have been here at least 6 times in last 2 years and have never been disappointed.
5	Outstanding & delicious food and excellent service.  10/10 will be back! Server was introduced as Aaron (although the bill said he was Ryan?) and he did such a good job of taking care of my wife & I.  I was mildly concerned when we sat down - the tableware included a very heavy duty knife. The kind of knife I might be happy to have with me in an impromptu fight. That made me wonder just how chewy the steaks were going to be. (Face it, the person who ordered the tableware could be the person who orders the beef, right?)  Well worry not, tasty steak fans: after starting out with the knife and fork I put away the knife. My steak was easily tender enough for just a fork!  Whoa!    So I wholeheartedly recommend Flemings in Madison and especially their signature steaks.  Tender & very tasty.  We WILL be back often.
5	This weekend, we had our second visit to this location. I know this can be a pricey establishment, but we have NEVER been to a restaurant, where every item we ordered, was over-the-top amazing! We have tried their bone-in ribeye (fabulous!), filet medallion small plate, filet mignon, NY strip with peppercorns, calamari, ahi tuna, tenderloin carpaccio, caesar salad and more! All of it...INCREDIBLE and worth every penny! Perfect for a special occasion, Flemings is more than an experience, it's a memory, because you will be talking about your meal for a long time.Btw...if you just want to try it without breaking the bank, I hear their happy hour is the way to go!
5	One of the places with the best steak and service. My boyfriend took me out for a birthday dinner and I couldn't ask for better service or steak. The lava cake was nothing but a mouthful of delicious chocolate melting in your mouth. Looking forward to come back again sometome.
4	We went to Fleming's on a Saturday at 7 for our anniversary. It was a really lovely experience, though quite expensive. Parking was easy, and there were still plenty of empty tables. We were greeted and seated immediately. They offered the regular menu and a two-course prixe fixe. My husband had steak and salmon. He likes his steak quite rare, and it came as he requested. I had scallops, which were done perfectly, and we shared the chocolate lava cake. The cake was quite good, but I've had it done better. My husband doesn't drink, so I had wine by the glass. I like that they offer an iPad app listing wines and their descriptions, along with suggestions for menu pairings. The suggestion was spot on for my choices, and though the selection wasn't huge there was a broad selection of choices. The prices are similar to those you see in larger cities, though. Our server, Mat, was excellent. I don't know that I've had that quality of service in the Madison area before - cheerful, professional, not overbearing, perfectly timed. He pointed out that the scallops have "a bit of a kick" to them, even though this is not mentioned in the description at all. Thank goodness, because spicy food sends me straight into a migraine. He made sure the kitchen left the spice out, and I was able to enjoy my night. At the end of our meal, we were presented with a box of truffles in honor of our anniversary, as well as a gift card to use for our next meal! Mat and these little extra touches are what prompted me to come on here and give a review - that sort of thing needs to be rewarded.About the expense - I think the food and presentation were very good. My only issue is that with places like L'Etoile in town, the menu could have been more inventive for the price, and for that reason I did not give it five stars. I know it's a steakhouse, but the food just didn't make me dream about it like I do some other places. I would recommend this place highly for a business dinner, or place to bring the less adventurous family members, and when you want your meal to be handled with New York City - level professional staff (only friendlier!). I feel like I'm damning with faint praise, and I don't mean to do that at all. It was very, very good, just not sell-a-kidney-to-eat-there good.
3	A good friend of mine has this thing about coupons. She cannot let one go to waste. She jokes that her grave marker will read, "I got this headstone with a coupon". I think that is true. Anyway, she received a coupon for Fleming's Steak House from American Express. The coupon was for $40 off the total bill. The coupon could not be used for the early dining special offer. We arrived at 5:30pm and the place was reasonably full. The crowd looked fairly young and we surmised these folks were here for the low priced special. The others diners may have been corporate, dining on the boss's dime. The dining room is large and  brightly lit. Many of the tables are round booths inviting you to have a romantic dinner with your honey. Despite the small crowd and lighting, the room was fairly quiet making you feel as if you were enjoying an intimate experience.When we were first seated a young man came by and asked if we wanted to start with the "complimentary bread course". Since when has bread become a course? They wanted you to know how lucky you were to get free bread these days. We jumped on the offer knowing that this was the last complimentary thing to come our way. The bread was a crusty French bread and was really quite good. We each ordered a glass of wine.Our waitress was new. She was friendly and helpful. It was clear she was practicing a specific patter she was to use when describing options and menu items. I ordered a wedge salad with blue cheese dressing and a petite fillet. My friend had mashed potatoes with Parmesan and peppercorn and the bone-in rib eye. Both of our steaks were prepared perfectly, medium- rare just as we had ordered. The meat was flavorful and tasted even better cold the next day. The serving size was reasonable. The mashed potatoes could have been shared with three people and the wedge salad was also a generous serving. The potatoes were "ok".  To put the costs in perspective, I will tell you that a baked potato is $9.50. Despite that fact, we shared a slice of cheesecake which I thought was "fine". I had coffee, she had tea. I kicked myself for not asking for a second cup but truthfully I was too full to swallow another thing.In the middle of the meal the manager came by to see how things were going. His affect was so over-the-top we were speechless, a cross between Guy Smiley and The Joker. Made us want to cringe. The whole experience seemed staged... bright lights, pretty props and actors with a script. We had a good time (we generally have a good time no matter where we are) but it sure was clear who benefited from the coupon... Fleming's. $150, really?
2	This place is entirely too la-de-dah for me.  Of course the steak is good! At upwards of $45 a pop, it had BETTER be!  Then throw in the fact that you have to shell out $9 for a chunk of iceberg lettuce, or anything else you might want on your plate besides meat--not to mention beverages--and the bill really packs wallop.  At prices like this, the meal should blow my hair back and give me a back rub.  Not a fan.
2	Went there for dinner with family. In my opinion, this is way over priced. Food is so so. Had better fillet mignon at the capital chophouse. Oh, the mignon is served without anything else, no carbs, no vege. Just meat. The small plates are small and way over priced. I had better ahi tuna elsewhere. Wine menu choices are selected from an iPad, maybe that's why their good cost do much. Probably won't be returning anytime soon unless I have a gift card.
4	Met some friends here for happy hour and I was really impressed with the quality of the food and the service. We ordered all the happy hour appetizers and enjoyed every one of them.
4	If price/cost wasn't an object,  I would eat here all the time. My steak was fantastic, atmosphere was great, service was nice and attentive, and everything about this restaurant met expectations. However, I would be lucky if I go here again in the next two years. My wife and I had a $100 gift card and we still had to pay $30 more to cover our bill. The only thing I didn't like was how you have to order sides separately. Otherwise, we had a wonderful time.
4	My boyfriend and I came here on valentines day last week. When we arrived, we were told there would be a short wait, which was no big deal to us. We only ended up waiting 5 minutes.  This is a very fancy and dressy place.  It is also on the pricey end.  They offered a free coat check, which I really appreciated. Our waitress was great. I expected the service to be a little slow, but she was very on top of things.While we waited to be seated we ordered drinks which were poured well.  Excellent selection for wine, although I am not a wine drinker. Slightly disappointed they didn't have sangria which is the one wine I do drink.Everything is ala carte which I did not like. All the sides had to be ordered separately and for an additionally large price.We ordered French onion soup and sweet Chile pepper calamari for appetizers.  The French onion soup was very good, but I highly recommend the calamari.  I was hesitant to order it at first, because it is commonly served with marinara and lemon, but this was worth the try!As entrees we ordered the filet mignon with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and the sliced filet mignon with a side of king crab legs. The regular filet mignon (whole steak) was prepared excellent.  The garlic mashed potatoes were a bit over priced for me, but tasted fine.  You can't really fancy up mashed potatoes or they'll be bad, so we were fine with what we got.  The sliced filet mignon could have been prepared a little better, I felt they could've gotten a better medium rare cook that I requested if they would've cooked the steak as a whole then slice it.  The king crab legs were prepared very well.  The portion sizes of everything are rather on the small side, but if you go to any high end restaurant they're always like that.The wine manager stopped by to ask us how our food was. I find it very nice when managers take time to stop by and speak to their customers. I saw him stop by a few other tables, as well.We had no room for dessert but everything looked excellent on the menu. Unfortunately this restaurant is a bit out of our price range for a weekly visit, but we will return again if we get another gift card or for a very special occasion.
4	I came here for a holiday party for work around Christmastime. Our experience was definitely very nice! I LOVE the decor at this place. It's so cozy and upscale. The service was very good, both at the bar and at the table. Of course, I'm sure they realized we were a big party with an unlimited budget, so that's somewhat subjective. In terms of food, it was good. Not amazing, but very good. I've been to a few steakhouses now, and this didn't stand out necessarily to me. I did enjoy their wedge salad and garlic mashed potatoes, but my filet mignon was nothing special. I felt the meat was a little rough for medium-done, but I ate it (all!) nonetheless. As I am a college student it's rare when I get to eat a delicious meal like this, so I obviously enjoyed it.Is the food good? Yes. Is it worth the money? Probably, but you could also go to Tornado or Johnny Delmonico's for a similar experience. For a chain, I will give it 4 stars. A little expensive but the aura and food was very good.
4	I haven't had anything bad here yet.  I visit this place once a year.  This year I went with a small plate and a couple of sides to share.  My protein was the Ahi Ahi, and it was fabulous.  The sides I chose, Chipotle Mac & Cheese and Asparagus.  Both were excellent and the Mac and Cheese wasn't very spicy at all.  There was nothing processed tasting on the Mac & Cheese (which seems to be a common thread when ordering out versus making your own).  It was rich and cheesy...oh and the noodle style they chose hung onto every cheesy saucy drip...yum!  The Asparagus was roasted to perfection.  The finishing touch was the berries and cream.  Such a fresh and celebrated taste, I couldn't have asked for more.  Just as a warning, you are paying higher end prices but you are also getting good service (at least I did) and excellent food.
4	Flemings is a wonderful place to eat--great food and great service.  It is quite pricey so we do not go very often but when we do, there are absolutely no complaints.
5	Wait!  You haven't checked out the happy hour here?  Stop reading and do so and afterwards continue reading.  From 5-7, small plates and wine are only $6 which given the quality of the food and wine is a damn good value.  Throw in the patio on a nice summer night and this maybe my new go to spot for after work refreshments.
4	My wife and I went here for our anniversary here and both enjoyed it immensely. The service, food, and atmosphere were very good. As a former food service professional, who has worked front and back of the house in fine dining, I can say that this was an excellent experience that I highly recommend.Service: 5 starsOur server, Ryan, was extremely professional and took great care of us all night long. He was attentive without being intrusive and made sure that each course was satisfactory in a warm and friendly manner. He also did a great job of introducing options without seeming like he was pushing or selling anything. His knowledge of the menu, wine list, and cocktail options was exceptional. The wine pairing tablet was also very helpful and made great suggestions. Highly recommended.Food:My order-Appetizer: Crab cakes- 5 stars- Really well made with excellent texture and crab flavor. They were light and had a very good red pepper sauce and lime butter. They really stood out because they were not overly compressed and did not contain too much filler. Highly recommended.Entree: Dry Aged Rib Eye, Medium Rare, Iron Crusted- 5 stars- For $6 more than the wet aged rib eye, you should really try the dry aged cut. It was tender, juicy, and had an excellent flavor profile that was truly worth the cost. The cooks did an excellent job of temping the steak, but I would  recommend ordering one temperature below your usual due to the exceptionally hot plates that the restaurant uses. My medium rare steak was on the medium to medium well side by the time I was done eating it.  Highly recommended.Sides: Creamed corn- 3 stars- While the flavor was good, with excellent seasoning and a nice heat, the frozen corn used was just mushy and not up to par with the rest of the food. If you like frozen corn, then this would be fine. I do not. Honestly, I think they would be better off going with canned corn, with its crispy texture and snap, if they didn't want to have the time and expense of taking so much fresh corn off the cob. Ok, but not recommended.House Potatoes- 4.5 stars- Very good. Very generous portion with a creamy texture and nicely seasoned. I expected a bit more heat given the menu description, especially compared to the heat in the creamed corn, but they were still very good. Recommended.Dessert:Carrot cake- 4.0 stars- This was a very good restaurant carrot cake; many of which end up being dry, overly sweet, and loaded with too much frosting.  It was dense, moist, and not overly sweet. Just right. They remove from the recipe raisins and nuts and add pineapple for a nice balanced sweetness. My only complaint would be the lack of contrasting texture from the moist cake. I like the texture that nuts bring to carrot cake, and their absence meant that the only textures in this cake were the soft cake and frosting. This made the cake a bit one dimensional and limited its potential. Recommended.My wife's order(Of course I tasted everything!)Salad:Caesar salad- 2.5 stars- While a serviceable caesar salad, this just wasn't inspiring or interesting. The inclusion of prosciutto chips made for a nice contrast to the salad, but the dressing itself was mostly blah. The dressing was noticeably lacking in the umami of anchovy, which I think is absolutely necessary in a caesar. Now my wife ordered this without anchovies and asked for no fried capers, both of which would have increased the umami of the dish, but I still think you should be able to get that flavor profile in a caesar salad with just the lettuce and dressing, no garnish should be required. Not recommended.Entree: Double thick pork chop- 4.5 stars- First let me say that I think that you should order a steak at a steakhouse, that is sort of the point, but that this is a very good substitute if you don't feel like a steak the night you go. The pork was well-seasoned, the sauce was sweet and mustardy, without being cloying, and the accompanying apples and jicamas were a nice contrast to the meaty flavor of the chop. The only criticism I would have would be that the amount of the sauce on the plate was not enough to have some with every bite. Highly Recommended. As an aside, please don't eat or cook pork well-done. This is an outdated food safety practice that is not necessary, and completely dries out the meat. Google it if you don't believe me. Side:Blue cheese mashed potatoes.- 3.5 stars- These potatoes were nicely seasoned and had a very good blue cheese flavor. The overall preparation was good, not overmixed and gummy, but they were a bit grainy. This happens when the liquid is added before the fat, which means that the fat doesn't correctly bond with the starch. Recommended.Well, I'm out of characters, so this is it. Highly recommended
5	Amazing food.Ordered a glass of wine with a filet mignon steak cooked perfectly to medium and a surf&turf. We also ordered a salad that was great.We also ordered some type of spicy corn dish that we weren't very happy with but the waiter was quick to replace that with a less spicy corn side dish.Our waiter was amazing and the manager even stepped in to ask about the corn dish. Pricing is a little bit high than what we got, in my opinion. But it was amazing.
3	Disappointing, unfortunately. The food was OK, but not that great (at least compared to other steakhouse such as Houston's steakhouse). The server was very welcoming but was pushing a bit too much. For example, she asked several times if we wanted to take the molten cake for desert and insisted. We decided to try it and it wasn't that great (you could taste that the fruits were just unfrozen while the rest of cake wasn't).
4	Best time to come is during happy hour before 7.5 for $6 til 7 pm menu is where it's at!5 cocktails, wines and appetizers for $6 a piece!There is also a decent burger and shrimp dish you can get for $6 as well!I came here for my birthday and it was a good experience. Definitely recommend!Some day, I'll be back for the actual steaks.
5	My husband and I celebrated our 1 year anniversary here this past weekend. We cannot say enough good things! The servers, manager, and hostess were all very friendly and accommodating. The food was well worth the $160 check. HUGE ribeye steak, prime rib as big as my face, and the side dish of Flemings potatoes could have fed 4! My steak was cooked to a perfect med rare, and the prime rib was tender and buttery. Chipotle mac and cheese was just right. We had a couple glasses of red wine, even found a new favorite! the interactive wine menu via tablet was very cool. We also had the lava cake for dessert, and two of us couldn't finish it! was very decadent, and delicious. The staff gave us a card, congratulating us on our anniversary, and a special treat to take home. Flemings, for us, is a very special occasion type restaurant. As working class folks, my hubs and I were treated like royalty. It was not snooty or stuffy by any means. We were very comfortable there. Thanks to the Flemings staff, we both left there laughing, and completely satisfied. We will definitely be back.
5	It's places like Fleming's that make me really miss Madison. Fantastic service, delicious food, pretension-free environment and a kick-ass happy hour to boot? Sign me up! In fact, sign me up for your monthly subscription, cause this kid's about to become a regular!$6 for refreshing cocktails? Yes please! Pro tip: get a debonair martini and feel like James Bond. 2/$6 Summer Shandys? Gimme 4.$6 for Thai Chili Calamari (crispy pieces of paradise),braised pork belly (with a mouthwatering berry puree) and delicious burgers? Get in ma belly!! Honestly, happy hour just got taken to a whole, new level.Oh, and they give you complementary, delicious chips. Just don't get too full off them so you can actually enjoy your dishes.
2	The two stars are for the service...  Food was not anywhere near what they charge for it...  Bottom of the list for steak places in Madison for food, top of list for price?!?!  No thanks.
2	As always, giving poor reviews is not something I relish. The staff and service were superb. Spot on there. My disappointment is due to the price vs perceived quality.  I could have easily reproduced a much better ribeye for $10 and my propane camping stove then the $50ish I paid.  Also a $90 seafood appetizer listed as 'market price' was a bit steep though that does not necessarily impact my rating.Regarding that appetizer,  it did have a couple shrimp that were absolutely incredible. Easily the best shrimp I have ever had... I never knew shrimp could be so scrumptious.  Dreams are made of shrimp like that.Will I be back? Probably not, but perhaps my steak was anomalous?...  As always, take into account multiple reviews, but in the end you'll never really know if a place suits you until you give it a try!
4	Gave it a second try. Food was a lot better and service was excellent again. Rachel was great! Thanks for having us back!
5	very impressive-it was Wed. nite, absolutely packed, and even so our party of 4 had excellent service from a professional waiter and enjoyable meal. The filet was a treat-good texture, not mushy but somewhat firm but yet tender. And they use no butter, it's not necessary-the waiter said "this isn't Ruth Chris or Mortons". I enjoy a good shrimp cocktail and their's was good texture and flavor with a nice spicy cocktail sauce.
5	I've been to Fleming's in Madison 5 or 6 times now over the past 4 years, and I have to say that both their service and quality of food is consistently outstanding and among the best in Madison!Food: Every steak I've had here always exceeds my expectations; it may be a bit pricier than other locations to get a steak at, but the value is worth it.  And compared to other "steak houses", the prices are comparable.  Even the 'non-steak' dinners are always excellent quality.Service: The customer service you receive here across ALL employees is probably the best and most consistently great of any restaurant I've been to anywhere.  They don't overlook any detail.  I can't say enough about this.Wine:  One of the best and most complete wine lists around.  Always get's top marks in Wine Spectator magazine as well. I would always recommend Fleming's in Madison to anyone looking for a great restaurant experience.
