5	I've lived in Phoenix for almost 10 years and always received gasps when admitting I'd never seen Zoo Lights. I went for the first time this past Sunday evening and was blown away! They do a fantastic job of converting the Phoenix Zoo into a magical, visual wonderland. The trees are lit with moving lights, many in the shapes of different animals. If you look carefully, you can even see some of the real animals too. There is music, sound effects and different interactive elements like a polar slide and camel rides! My gf and I enjoyed ourselves, but not as much as my little niece and nephews who couldn't get enough of it all. This is definitely a great experience for families and anyone who wants to try something cool and unique during the Phoenix winter season.November 22, 2012 - January 6, 2013 (6 - 10 p.m.)
4	Went to zoo lights for the first time and can definitely see how great it is for kids! Went on a Thursday night and it was Packed! The whole zoo is lit up and it is fun to walk around. Admission is $10/adult. FYI most the animals are asleep so don't get your hopes up!
4	We all love Zoo Lights. But, what good would my comments be unless I tried to offer some things that could be improved on:) Wife and I went last night (Sunday) figuring it might be fewer people. SURPRISE! The place was packed.1. They could use a few more turn styles or maybe open up another temporary entrance when so many people are trying to get in at 6:00 pm. Maybe even a better way to organize the line (ropes?) would help when it runs way out into the parking lot. It kind of turned into a mob.2. Pedestrian traffic should be routed one-way through narrower trails such as the Arizona Trail. Some folks had strollers as big as golf carts and in the dark people were kind of running into one another. Might even consider this on the other routes, we certainly wouldn't want to discriminate against the monster strollers.3. Over $7 for a bag of popcorn that is too big to eat? Gimme a break, offer a smaller size for those of us not feeding ten people.4. What's with the sorcerer of witches displayed with lights? I thought this was Christmas/holiday time. My wife was a little taken back. Maybe we are moving toward a Fantasia theme?Yes, we had a very good time and will continue to return every year. Keep up the good work Phoenix Zoo and I know you will continue to improve on the event each year.
4	Roar! Naaay! Ribbit! Moo!  Woof! Baaah! Quack! Meow!How can you not think of all of the fun animal noises that you hear at the zoo and beyond when you are getting your one year old ready to visit (and perhaps those noises are in your head from all of the children's books you've been reading as well?!)While I'd been to the zoo with my son only once before, going at night during the holiday season is a totally different experience.  The lights, music, talking giraffe, etc... it's a lot of fun for all.  The kettle corn and hot chocolate are delicious as well.Note that Zoo Lights doesn't open until 6pm, which is tough when you're dealing with little ones used to going to bed at 7, but it's worth it to keep them up a tad bit late for the fun Zoo Light experience.  I've made a mental note (which I'll share with you here as well) that Saturday night may not be the best night to go - it was so crowded when we went!  Also worth noting that if you are a zoo member, you get a discounted entry fee, but you  must have your membership card... (of course I forgot ours!)Happy holidays and enjoy!
2	Thought it was fun and really pretty and I am glad we went.  So what do we do the next hour? Would have been nice if it was larger or less crowded or something. You should be required to have kids to enter, maybe then it will it would create a sense of wonder.....?
5	Amazing light show, great time for those fascinated with Christmas lights and animals!! I loved the light show they offered in the center of the pond. Lights dancing to the rhythm of the music, amazing!! Highly reccommended to those with kids or young siblings!! Would make a great family time!!
4	I must say, this year was way better than zoolights has been in the past. There were a ton more lights, and the tree show that now spreads over the lake was just awesome. Great family experience to get into the holiday spirit!
3	Nothing too crazy except the prices. Five dollars would be a fair price for this event, clearly not the $13 weekend price. Fairly short trail of lights with some animals, some trees and a few things lit up in the water. The LED monkey was my favorite as was the blue tree. We arrived about 15 minutes before closing which was actually good because the whole zoo parking lot was jammed with everyone leaving. The lights are much better with no families of kids screaming right next to you or teens doing their zoo light thing. I gather that everyone must go see Zoo lights once in the lives if they live in Phoenix for awhile, so its off the checklist. It can be romantic also after all the people clear out and the lights glow softly on the water. Oh and there are actually one set of live animals available to see and that would be the flamingo's, which are at the beginning of the walk behind some secret bushes.
5	Zoo Lights was amazing this year. My son really enjoyed the ambiance and petting the sting rays.  Not to mention the Polar Slide.  We will definitely be making this an annual event for the family.
5	It's the Saturday night before Christmas and the animals are sleeping at the Phoenix Zoo, well maybe not for the flamingos, I saw they will still up and ready to party, but the Phoenix Zoo was awake with bright twinkling lights and lots of Christmas songs that would put even poor old Mr. Scrooge in the holiday mood.  If you haven't been to the Zoo Lights at the Phoenix Zoo, you should really try it, at least just once.Went to Zoo lights with my daughter, son, grandson & family friends, we strolled the entire park, listening and singing along with the songs, everyone around us catching the holiday spirit. We walked up to where the talking giraffe was telling stories, for my 2 year old grandson, it was kinda scary, but for me,  I got a kick out of it, the giraffe said what do you call a giraffe at the north pole???? Lost!!! Hahaha that busted me up!   We continued along the trail looking at the lights, eating our popcorn and drinking our hot chocolate and I thought what a perfect night at the zoo!  Oh guess what, Santa Claus was their too with his sled taking pictures with boys and girls! My grandson got his 1st pic with good ole Saint Nick!It's also the Zoo's 50th anniversary too!   Thank you Phoenix Zoo & SRP for Zoo Lights!
4	Zoolights is a wonderfully unique Phoenix experience for the holidays and is not to be missed. There is a growing light display each year, some kiddie rides (jumpers, sleds, camel rides, etc), plus a few nocturnal animals to view sprinkled around.  This is a wholesome, active and fun way to spend an hour or two with the entire family. It is quickly becoming a Christmas tradition for /this/ family... Unfortunately, it looks like this is the case for many other people across the Valley.  The place is packed! The main negative points are that a massive number of visitors combined with  narrow, dark pathways can frustrate anyone with a time limit or claustrophobic issues. I'd say there is also room for improvement for the variety in concessions. But these are minor annoyances. Overall, you will not be disappointed.
5	Zoo Lights is so much fun! I walk around in awe as I look at the light-bears, light-frogs, light-leopard, etc., and can't help but wonder how many people and how many hours are involved in the set up.This is a great event to go to as a date night or as a family. It is better to go earlier in the season, and on a weeknight, to avoid the big crowds. Grab a hot chocolate and watch the kids squeal with delight as a giraffe talks to them, see the few animals that are awake, and check out the lights.
5	Zoo LIghts gets better each year. This year they added more to the dancing lights that move to music. The ball in the middle of the pond and the trees surrounding the pond on each side dance now. This is a great event for families and dates. A nice cup of hot chocolate and a stroll to see all the lights is a great way to get into the holiday spirit. They have a talking giraffe as well for the kiddos. I do recommend going during the week if possible to avoid the crowds but they are open even on Christmas and New Years eve. It ends on January 6th so you still have time to get over there and extend your holidays!
5	I must confess I have no children and I am a super fan of Zoo Lights. My husband and I try to make it every year. I love the dancing light show on the lake with all the trees adding to the performance. I also love the monkeys in the trees at the entrance.  For those without kids I recommend going on a week night after 8.
4	Zoo Lights is pretty fun. The new light show this year was nice, and I even saw a few animals out lurking, which is a good switch up from my prior, animal-devoid visits, which make me wonder why I am at the zoo to begin with. This year they are offering camel rides, which is a fun new addition.You can also continue to pay an arm and a leg (okay, only $3) for a churro, a Christmas tradition I have enjoyed for many years. My ultimate suggestion- go, but go around 8 pm. That's when all the parents and kids start to leave, parking opens up, and it's generally less crowded.
4	Okay so I must admit I wasn't exactly the most enthusiastic visitor to Zoo Lights but I had a date who had been talking for weeks about how she wanted to go so we went.I have to say it is pretty cool if for nothing more than walking around the zoo at night being a different feel. The lights aren't super impressive but the atmosphere is pretty cool. I was underwhelmed by the "New musical light show" at the lake and felt that using some different songs and maybe some more impressive light schemes would have been better.As for a date location it's a pretty good spot and on a cold night gives plenty of reason to hold somebody special close...if you know what I am saying. So makes this spot a fun place to walk around for an hour or two, maybe even snag a cup of hot chocolate while you're at it.
4	Whether you've seen it one time or dozens, it's always a nice evening walking through the Zoo with all the lights twinkling. Going the day after Christmas probably wasn't our best move, because the rest of the valley had the same idea. Next time I would go before Christmas, maybe early December.
5	It has become somewhat of a family ritual to go to zoo lights every year and I really look forward to it. There is always something new to see. My favorite is the dancing lights. My daughter usually gets a couple free passes when she renews her annual pass (Watch for the special, it is usually in October). I think this is a great activity for all ages and a great way to celebrate the holiday season.
2	There's tons of strollers; it smells like a zoo, oh yeah, and there's some lights. Sorry  Zoo Lights, I'm not impressed. I would have given it one star but it was nice to walk around. Otherwise, the crowds and smells really ruined it. I'd rather go to one of those drive thru lights extravaganzas. I've also been to better neighborhood Christmas lights shows. I won't be going next year.
1	Went Christmas Eve. Worst idea ever. We got there around 7pm and the main parking area was packed. We were diverted to baseball stadium parking. Not too bad of a walk (about 15 minutes), and the parking was free here as well, which was nice. The lights are quite boring. I think this caters to very young children. I wouldn't consider this a fun first date either (nothing magical about this. Esp with a 1000 strollers running you over).
2	I went on a Tuesday night and it was still packed with kids - no room to walk anywhere.  The lights are very pretty and the little light show over the lake is nice, but it wasn't worth $10 a person and the hour long drive to get there.  Even with the crowds it only takes about an hour to walk around the ZooLights, and then what?  I would have been better off spending my money on a movie and at least getting 2 hours of entertainment out of it.
4	It was alot of fun, albeit cold, very very cold. Crowded, but not uncomfortable. If you are looking to see any animals then you are out of luck as it is at night. You will see a few camels and the kimodo dragons sleeping but other than that, you are only there to check out the wonderful light display that they have going on. It cost a little bit more on the weekends ( $14 a person) plus if you want to go any of the rides they have, those cost extra as well. I will say that the hot chocolate was delicious and worth the $3.49. Oh and parking is free but you will have to walk a ways if you get there late as the lot near the zoo fills up fast!
1	Not worth it! We went on Monday at 7pm, had to park in the far lot down the street, walk eons to the zoo, wait in a gigantic line to get in and then walk in a huge wall of people. We bought tickets online while waiting in line and had to wait almost 15 minutes to get the confirmation email/barcode to get you through the gate. If we didn't buy the tickets via mobile phone, we would have had to wait in another gigantic line. From the time we parked to the time we actually stepped foot in the zoo was close to an hour. Do you see animals? nODo you see Christmas lights? Yes. Is it worth $10 pp plus huge crowds? Absolutely not. If you must see this rip off for yourself, buy your tickets online before you get there. If you like walking around in huge crowds with your heels getting stepped on and getting elbowed every two seconds, this place might be for youIf you want to throw away $10/pp and schlep your way through a zoo filled with Christmas lights and no animals, this is the place to be. Personally, my kids were over zoo lights before we even stepped foot in the door. We have a better time driving around looking at the lights on people's houses. Never again!!!
3	Stopped by for Zoo Lights with my wife and my mom.  Kinda chilly, parking was a mess, and it was super crowded, but once we got inside the zooit was really enjoyable.
1	What a waste of money. I've seen better light shows/exhibits. This was too crowded and pathetic to merit $14. Not that the lights looked bad- there was just no reason to pay money to see them. I just cannot understand why this attracts as many people as it does. I only ended up there because I had time to kill before a late dinner reservation and was in the area. Please don't waste your time.
4	It's not the most exciting thing to do during the holidays, but if you're on a date or have kids, you'll have fun. We went on Christmas Eve and while it was crowded, there was still enough room to walk around and see all the lights. Don't come here expecting to see any real animals. The exhibits for them aren't lit up, and they're either sleeping or hiding. If you like looking at pretty lights strung up in trees, seeing lights in the form of animals, and walking around a scenic atmosphere, this is your place.The lake area with the lit up light show and music was one of my favorite parts of our experience here. Every few minutes the show will refresh with a different song and light show.P.S. They sell discounted admission at Fry's, but it is $1 off the weekend price. Note that the weekday price is still cheaper at the entrance than buying from Fry's.
1	I don't think so.  Maybe for little kids to drain some of their energy, but definitely not an adult activity.  Way too much money for what it is...not good.
5	I went to this event last night and it was everything they said.  It was beautiful and I loved walking around in 30,000 lights all over the place.  We did the zip line and that was fun. My daughter also rode the Polar Slide. The musical light show was very cool.If you get a chance to go see this, then go.
4	Went to Zoo LIghts on 12/31/13, and it was the second time I have been there.The light display is very well done, and quite enjoyable - Especially for the little ones.  It is a bit pricey, especially when it comes to the food and beverages, but if you bring your own snacks/drinks, you should be happy.Sting Ray Bay is super cool for $3 bucks, but I think it would be more enjoyable during the day when you could see more.  WIll come back during the day.Zoo Lights is BUSY!  Be prepared for lots of people!Enjoy!
3	I like Christmas lights. I hope to one day have one of those houses where people are put on tour buses and brought in. I've always wanted to see Zoo Lights but never made it until this year.I liked the lights but for $10 a person ($9 for Zoo members) I felt like it was a bit much. Maybe I am living in the past where back home in Ohio we could take a carload for $5 through a drive-through display (hey, it was normally snowing there so nobody wanted to walk!). For just three people the difference is $25 (I am a member so the difference was $22).Speaking of memberships I was really disappointed to see that as a Zoo member I was only given a $1 discount. Sure, thanks for the discount but I felt that they could have given more of a discount for those of us who have paid for a membership long ago.In the end, I almost would rather see something like what was in Ohio... or just drive around some of the neighborhoods where most of the houses are done up.
5	Zoo lights is just so cool. They really do a great job. Every year gets better. I did notice it seemed like a few things were missing from years past but they also had a large light display out on the lake with a big globe of lights right in the middle. Every 15 minutes there was a synchronized light show. So this newer edition was pretty cool. Also I did not know about the snow slide. This was really fun. For $3 a person per ride or you could buy multiple rides if you wanted you climb to the top of a hill basically and the put you in a cloth covered inter-tube and while keeping your feet up they push you off the edge and down about a 200 foot slide. Wow was that a lot of fun. I could have ridden that 10 more times. I will when we go next year. Don't forget the talking giraffe. All the little kids were talking with the giraffe and when she said the random fact that she weights over 2000 lbs one the little kids pipes in with Your fat. Oh the things kids say.This has to be one of the few zoos in the country that does this and I thing it is great. My girlfriend is a zoo member so she gets free passes every year so we will be back. I am heading to the snow slide first thing.
3	Way tooooo crowded!! We took 4 kids with us (I don't know how you parents with 3+ kids do it) their ages stretched from 9-16 and they were all bored. Getting in was a nightmare, the ladies scanning the tickets did nothing but scream at the crowd of folks trying to get in. I'm glad they had hot chocolate but they ran out of it everywhere so no one could get a second cup to warm themselves up. One of the girls got a frozen lemon-aid and was handed a spoon. When she asked for a straw she was told they don't have straws because it's a danger to the animals, unless she had a souvenir cup (apparently those straws don't end up by the animals). I understand if you don't want to freely hand out straws but you should at least have them available for the drinks. I love the zoo but don't anticipate coming next year for Zoo Lights.
2	I debated on a 2 or 3 star review and you can see what it ended up being... I've heard so much over the years about Zoo Lights and was really excited to finally go. Here's the goods and bads of the Phoenix Zoo Lights...POSITIVE: It had lights. It was outside. You go at your own pace. Some of the light set ups were pretty cool. There was a talking giraffe that you could interact with. There was a light show to music above the water. SRP gave out buy 1 get 1 free coupons. NEGATIVE: It costs $13 a person. The line to buy tickets was rediculiously long and slow moving. The line to get in was just as bad. The lights are ok but nothing like its made out to be and there aren't nearly as many as it seems. The trail you follow isn't very long meaning the exhibit wasn't very big. The amount of money they charge 1 person for a snack is more then you could feed a whole family dinner. The employees are rude and obviously aren't the "people person" type. The slide, caresuell, zip line, and camal rides costs extra. There is not one real animal in sight. To sum it up the experience was highly over rated, over priced and over populated! I'm glad I went so I can say "been there, done that" but Im not sure which is worse... the amount of money the adventure costed or the horrible disappointment I felt when it was over!
1	Ok so this review is based strictly on the fact that the parking staff weather contracted or not wasted 45 minutes of our life we will never get back! After getting off the freeway and waiting 45 minutes in line to turn into the parking lot they made everyone turn around and leave the parking lot as it was full. It would have been nice if they would have posted a sign prior to waiting in the ridiculous long line! We won't be back!
4	This event was much better this year with some improvements. The light shows on the water synched to music happen every 15 minutes and I always enjoy the talking giraffe. Hot cocoa now costs $3.29 for a 12 oz drink and prices are still a few bucks too high to enter Zoo lights (up a dollar to $14 on weekends), but it is worthy of a holiday tradition. Now, it is a bit different on Jan 8th if you go and they are still playing Xmas songs, but the holidays last until mid Jan at the zoo. Camel rides were available and giant lizards were also able to be seen, but no other animals available. To avoid famailes, go one hour before closing on weekdays or after 10pm on weekends. The blue tree is still my favorite.
5	Missed the Wizard of Oz part sadly but the lights and the installation set to music that I did see were Amazing. Loved the bears, penguins, turtles and giraffes. Some of the bugs were as amazing as the animals and just the amount of lights and all the colors were beautiful. Definitely glad I made it to see this.
3	I've seen much better light shows around the country. But it was nice. If you are planning to take your children and make a night out of going to see zoo lights then that is perfect. But if you are adults then it's probably a waste of your time. It's extremely short and you would think that with that many lights they would have an ultimate cool light show, but NOPE. The videos on YouTube of people houses lighting up is more exciting. It was also a little over priced for what it is. Like I said though, if you just want to take the kids out for a fun night then go for it. But not a good adventure for adults. Be sure to check out the gift shop though! Lots of fun and cool items in there.
3	My  friend and I brought our kids here and we enjoyed the park tremendously. We arrived just prior to closing time and pretty much had the place to ourselves. The displays are incredibly creative and some of the animals were up so it added to the fun. We spoke with the giraffe and enjoyed watching the water show. Will come back again and again.
3	Kind of underwhelming. Went with my wife after dinner, and we were glad we got free tickets. Maybe if we had kids it would have been more enjoyable. I don't know, I guess my expectations were a little high. I sorta thought that if we went to the ZOO (where the animals are) we might actually see real-life ANIMALS. In all reality, it wasn't bad; it just wasn't great either. They did do a nice job with the lights. I wish there were more of them. Kind of a small area. Maybe we'll return someday when we have kids with us.....
4	We went this past year and it was really nice.  However, I do think the prices are a bit steep, though, you can get $1 off at Fry's.I think they had everything well laid out.  And they knew that parking would be filled, so they have an overflow lot with even sidewalks and all.  It was a bit of a walk, but all in all, it was fine that the planned this out well in advanced, otherwise, walking along the winding road in the dark could be dangerous.
4	Brought my family here, had a great time watching most of them see it for the first time. Hot chocolate was a little pricey but it was worth it :) It's a must!The light show was nice. Really liked it!
4	Wow!  Interesting to see the reviews are all over the place.  In an effort to avoid disappointment, I'll share my perspective of what Zoo Lights "is" and isn't:Ticket Prices:  If SRP is your utility company they offer one ticket free in the November billing.  Paperless billing?  It can be obtained from their website.  You can also get discounted tickets on the Phoenix Zoo website.  Just watch for the black-out dates.  We ended up paying $10 per person since I forgot about the free ticket from SRP.Entertainment Value:  Think of Zoo Lights as a leisurely stroll through a museum.  It isn't Disney.  You won't ooh and aah, bowed over by fantastic sound, dancing waters, and fireworks display - though the lights in and surrounding the lake are choreographed to music, there's an animatronic giraffe, carousel, and camel ride. Parents it will be dark, so it's not a good time to let your kids run around.Crowds:  A weekday evening is the best time to visit - ample parking and since you will arrive with tickets in hand, you can proceed directly to the entry.Concessions:  Not crazy movie theater prices, but they will cost you.Photographers:  This might be the place to get that "special" shot.All in all, me and my daughter had a nice time - a leisurely stroll, sitting lake-side for the light show, relaxing and chatting.Hope this helps.Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!
5	My first time going. I read all of the reviews before my trip to the zoo. Tips: buy tickets online for discounted price, bring extra money and go at a later time. I got to the zoo around 8:15pm, it was still busy but at least I found a parking space in the first try. There were many people leaving at 8:15pm. By 9pm the place is near empty, nice, peaceful and quiet. Awesome light displays, music and special effects. Fun, entertaining and good for exercising in terms of walking. The hot coco is $3.29 so bring some money although I must admit that it wasn't very cold when I went. Just the right temperature in addition to cloudy weather. Beautiful lights, so many and bright $20.00 for two, what more can I say? Saw one zebra venturing out, not much other animal at this time. Lots of awesome light figures, bring a good camera for some excellent photos! By the time we left, 9:30 the place was almost empty- my recommendation, late is better than early. It closes at 10:30pm.
5	Who doesn't usher in the holiday festivities without a trip to Zoo Lights?!?!! That's just unheard of. It brings out the kid of anyone, maybe I'm just one crazy little love monkey, and if you're that much of a scrooge, have a hot cocoa and churro. I promise you will smile from a happy belly and let out a mirth of giggles. Parking is easy and plentiful, ignore the signs that say it's full. It never is when you see cars leaving; I'm just a rebel I guess. With over 750 lights, pitter patter running around, carolers swooning to you, you will feast on plenty to keep you entertained. Buy tickets online for weekday visit and it's just $10. That's the cheapest family fun or easy relaxed date you can have! Definitely doing more than one visit.
4	What a great way to get into the holiday spirit. We came here to look at lights, animals, and sing christmas carols.We tried coming here last year but parking was so hectic so we left after trying to park for over 30 min. This time around we got here at 5:45pm and we immediately parked and had access to the zoo with ease.Come with your family to look at the beautiful display, ride the camels, and see the talking giraffe.
3	$18 to see lights? Maybe worth it if you have kids, but it was pretty boring for a group for four adults. Some of the characters are cute and clever. The $3 hot chocolate was pretty good. Got to see a zebra, but that was the only animal we saw.
3	A fun way to spend an hour or so with the family, kids or just your significant other.  When the animals have all gone to bed, the zoo comes to life with holiday lights!  Lights are wrapped in and around trees and cactus all through the zoo.  (I would not want to be the guy putting lights on the cactus!!)  The food vendors are doling out hot chocolate and kettle corn for your sugared up walk around the park.  There is a little light and music show on the water, which was okay and killed a few minutes in the park.  All in all, for $18 a person, I think they could add something a little more thrilling than the water show, but the zoo lights are a cute thing to see at least once. Note: There are no heaters, so dress appropriately to be warm outside for an hour or more.
3	Save yourself a couple bucks and buy your tickets on line. It's crowded, there's lots of stuff being sold throughout and the lights are pretty. Free parking You'll most likely finish the loop in an hour or so. The show is worth stopping for - and kiddies of all ages will love the talking tortoise and giraffe! Our tickets online were $16 - giving 3 stars as I think this is a bit overpriced!
3	If you have children, this is the perfect place to bring them. Otherwise, $18 per person is a bit much. I think we spent only about 30 min. seeing the whole thing. It is a sight to see with all the lights strung across all the trees. The animal shaped lights were especially appealing to all the children there. I think the most interesting sight there was how they timed some of the lights around the lake to the holiday music. It really puts you in a festive mood. Again, mostly for children, they offer some camel rides in the back.It gets pretty chilly at night so dress warmly. They also sell hot chocolate, kettle corn, and other fair type foods. All over-priced like fair food generally is. Since Zoolights is held in a zoo, you might be able to catch glimpses of some of the animals. The whole zoo was quite noisy, so the animals probably aren't getting any sleep despite being hidden away. Hours are from 5:30pm - 10:30pm. Parking was crowded and hectic, but surprisingly, we found a spot pretty quickly. I think no matter what time you come, you won't be able to avoid a crowd, but I guess the earlier, the easier it is to find a parking spot.
4	Really enjoyed the changes that have been made to keep Zoolights fresh and new. I know it is a tradition here in Phoenix that i cherish,  I love to attend with my family and friends each year if possible . This year at Zoolights I noticed several new items that I don't remember before. One ofthe best new things was the beautifully lit Arizona trail area .Loads of displays with beautiful color schemes.  The ligths and colors are perfect for families and kids of all ages. I enjoyed the colors and types of displays set up. We even got an extra AZ trail treat when the coyotes howled their hearts out. I also noticed that they have begum incorporatng   different types of lights and clusters of lights. It kept my interest and gave a varied look to the displays.  I also liked that they had refreshements all over the park  including adult beverages. Way to please those kids of all ages. The park has changed their blowout display with music to be a larger area of changing lights and I am not sure the effect is as pelasing as when the dancing lights were all in one area, but all in all still enjoyable display.  Make sure to get tickets online and take note different prices for different days . You can save a few bucks that way.
4	Zoolights itself is always amazing and fun and friendly,  however,  the ticket takers were very short.  It upset me enough to pause my enjoyment to write a review.
