5	I went to this place on a recommendation from a friend who is full blooded Italian.  It did not disappoint.It is a small place with maybe 15 to 20 tables all cramped together.  There is a wine shop and deli attached.  The waiters are so Italian it gives the place atmosphere.  The bread is good and fresh baked.  The sandwiches and salads are good, but the pasta is not to be missed.  So authentic you feel like you are in Italy, which I have been to.  Actually, this place has better food than I had in Italy, so maybe it has been americanized a little, but it's good stuff!If you aren't afraid of carbs, go here.  You will love it!
3	We got here late and they said they stayed opened for a huge party right before us. So because of that it took awhile to get menus, seated with silverware, and drink orders. They finally got us some bread, which tasted a little like toast but at least it was hot from the oven. We started off with the roast beef carpaccio which was roast beef with salad. It was good and healthy. My bf had ordered the spaghetti with meatballs which tasted and looked very homemade. All the dishes came out piping hot and the restaurant is also a deli/wine shop. It feels like an authentic mom and pop place. We purchased a bottle of wine , and they charge you just corkage fee to drink it there. For dessert we tried the chocolate chip cannoli but the cream tasted like bananas not vanilla which it should.They did make up for the slow service in the beginning by being very attentive later on and even taking my ceaser salad back quickly when I had wanted the dressing on the side. I had wanted to wrap some meat home for my dogs, and the lady gave me all the leftover roast beef and sliced that up for me also to take home. She also kept offering us loaves of bread to take home, which was a very nice gesture.
5	Very impressed.  I know good Italian food, I am full (northern) Italian and been to Italy, for whatever that is worth.Good service, very friendly, and food was well worth the money in fact you can probably split the meals because the portions are large.  I had caprese, ravioli and lasagna, all were very good and their bread is top notch.  Plan an extra hour at the gym and you'll be fine.  Best Italian restaurant I've been to in Nevada and that's taking everything into account.  I went to the location on Sahara and Durango.
4	I love this place! I had the baked ziti and it was amazing! Portion size is HUGE. We also had the chocolate cake for dessert and my friend who does each nor like chocolate was flooooooored at how good it was! Definitely a new favorite!
4	We started off with the prosciutto and mozzarella as an appetizer. The mozzarella was so fresh and the prosciutto just melted in your mouth kind of. I was very pleased. For dinner I ordered the Linguine Vongole (white) and the bf ordered Chicken Parmesan. I liked my entree, but I felt that the noodles were a lil bit too al dente....as some parts were crispy. I also was disappointed in the fact that the clams when shelled came out to be dime size. Other than that, I thought the flavor was good. I didn't get to try the Chicken Parmesan, but from what I heard it was yummy. We ordered a cannoli for dessert and I definitely was NOT impressed. I didn't like that the ricotta in the cannoli was so rich in vanilla bean flavor, but that is what the bf liked about it. I would definitely go back and try other items on their menu including the deli.
4	Hey mambo! mambo italiano! Go Go Joe! Now this is a lunch spot. Everything's homemade fresh, including the bread. And I definitely appreciate good homemade bread. The ingredients call for flour, yeast, salt, water, oil, LOVE + Prayers. Add this spectacular bread to other simple ingredients such as garlic butter, salumi, prosciutto, basil or provolone and you have a hit. Their sandwiches are the carnivores' delight. The salads are really de-constructed versions of the sandwiches offered which are equally tasty but for some reason more expensive than just ordering the sandwiches. So minus one star for lack of creativity. In the end, I would still inhale their giant sandwiches without hesitation.
4	Excellent service from all staff members. Everyone was super friendly and helpful with my deli selections. Best customer service I've received in years!
4	Wow this place has the best ravioli's. One of the reasons I went here all the time was because of their huge meatballs. They were out of this world. Yesterday we ordered 3 lasagna's and a side of meatballs. What a bummer, the meatballs were no where near as big as they used to be. Same price and alot smaller. The take out order came to 47.00. A little pricey but the lasagna was delicious. Two of them were very big portions and one was smaller. I won't order the meatballs again because they also went up to $5.99 for two of them. That is a bit pricey for meatballs. Last week we ordered the sicilian lasagna again which has a layer of eggplant on the bottom. The eggplant was burnt. The first time we ordered the sicilian lasagna it was out of this world. After having to remove all the eggplant the last time I ordered it, it has turned me off from the sicilian lasagna forever! I'm afraid they are starting to go downhill. What a shame because they were my favorite Italian restaurant by far. I am hoping they get back on track again so I haven't given up totally yet.
4	So here's the dealio, I'm from Canada, and I group up in an Italian neighborhood, so there's a fat chance you'll pull the wool over my eyes when it comes to Italian food.  Roma Deli reminds me of the neighbored I grew up in ,  lot's of great food and tastes and relatively inexpensive.  I've eaten their several times and the meals have been excellent, the brijole is outstanding, enough to make you wet your pants.  The bread that's served is nothing short of magnificent, warm, crusty and absolutely delicious.  The service is very good, the food is tasty and the prices are very reasonable, you can't go wrong.
2	I had a wonderful casual dinner with my father here.The bottle of Ruffino Chianti (Riserva Ducale Oro) I chose is their store was opened right away, though I felt it needed at least an hour to breathe (in order to enjoy properly), which was unfortunate since we wanted to enjoy it with dinner. I asked if they offered decanters (in order to expedite that process)  to go with big reds such as this, but sadly they didn't... *I was also disappointed to find out that the wine I purchased was not in fact under a sale price (which I believed was a $35 discount), I realized this after I saw the price which I paid was the same as at Total Wine. So in fact besides the $10 corking fee which was understood, the $45 paid for the wine was not a discounted price, but in fact a regular price.The service here is incredibly personable. Osvoldo was a fantastic and attentive server. The owner Dennis, even came to our table to greet us near the end of our meal, and sent over some complimentary dessert.The food was so divine though, I ordered the Pesto Gnocchi topped with melted mozzarella, which was thick and creamy. It was in fact so heavy, I was only abl to eat 1/4 of it; not a problem as my fiance devoured my leftovers when I got home :) My father had been to La Scala the night before and commented how my Gnocchi was better than the one he ordered there.My father had the Ceasar Salad; a large spectacular portion. No anchovies though :(The Beef Carpaccio was pretty disappointing, but not enough to keep us from eating it. As we left, Dennis made a wonderful gesture in saying Goodbye. Roma Deli II  is a fantastic Italian eatery, and mixes casual dining with foodie pleasure.
5	I come here for pesto.  I use pesto like most people use salt, it goes on veggies, bread, pasta ect.  They also make frozen pasta including my husbands coveted gnocchi.  They also have a great deli selection, including NY favorite Boars Head.  They have in house ricotta and mozzarella, as well as all sorts of peppers and olives.  There is a little cafe and it is nothing fancy.  It is however simple and good, not much on presentation but big on taste.  They also have arborio which apparently is hard to get here.  Whole Foods only has lundberg which is not great.
4	Second time I've been here this was our second visit to Roma deli , our first was the spring mountain location, a few years ago. The pasta was good back then , but the service was soooo slow, we never went back.              I decided to give it another shot since one of our favorites JR's closed recently.            I like the feel of the restaurant/ deli, luv to browse while I wait for my food .      The bread was hot , had a thin crisp crust and soft middle.  It just might b a tad better then metro pizza's bread.                I had the sausage ragu with fettuccine , nice chunks of sausage in a very flavorful sauce.  The flavor was spot on , but it was just a little dry for me , just a little.  I had a taste of Mom's cheese ravioli, very good , excellant marinara.           For dessert had the cannoli and ricotta cheesecake .  The cannoli had an odd flavor to me with a slight bitter taste at the end. I can't figure out the flavoring or spice , I've know I tasted it before jus don't know , what it is.            The ricotta cheesecake had a double crust. The filling was not to dense or to light and not to sweet.  It was pretty good, I could not help thinking that a fruit sauce( rasberry, strawberry) would put it over the top .         Now for the service , there was a few lull's.  I even ask my wife if this was the same server we had the last time.  The server was nice and friendly, just a tad slow, not slow enough to wait a few years to return , though.
4	Ummm, food here is great. My hubby and I had tried the Spring Mountain location a few years back, but never made it back. We have seen location number 2 for some time, but as we pass by, always say to each other, we should try that place again. I don't remember the food being bad, so I don't know why we never tried it again, but, boy, am I glad we did. The whole experience was fantastic, we had family in town and so the four of us went together, we ordered and while waiting for our food, browsed the goodies on display in the deli area, there were extra things lying about with very festive holiday wrap, guessing they do food gift baskets. As soon as the bread came, it was back to the table to enjoy a really tasty bread loaf. It was crispy outside while soft inside, had a pizza dough taste, but with melted butter, it was good! I had to have extra put aside for my entree, I had the cioppino, it was suppose to be a bit spicy, but it was only mildly so. There were plenty of calamari but just a few shrimp, mussels and clams. It was mostly soup, but I enjoyed anyway. My mother in law got the cheese ravioli and she never eats it all, so she shared one with me, to was good all smothered with marinara sauce. For desert, there are some great choices, we split a cannoli and ricotta cheese cake, I loved them both. My only criticism would have to be the service, they were a bit slow to refill tea glasses, and to stop by to see if we were doing okay with our meals. I don't think I have had to wait so long for the check! Overall, I would make it back to this place. I know I'd try some of their other wonderful items listed on the menu.
1	When we first found this place, we thought it was a blessing. You see, we moved here in Nov. 08' from Connecticut. My wife is an Italian girl from back east. She really hated Vegas, she said the food here sucked. So to find authentic (at the time) Italian was a godsend. They started out doing really well by us. But we have noticed a gradual down hill shift, in both food and service.It started earlier in the year. My wife's favorite was the Sicilian lasagna, the eggplant was burnt.When the employees were told about the incident, the response was,"Oh really...I'm so sorry". No offer to replace the meal. Hmmm. So needless to say we haven't been back for six months.Earlier today I had to run a bunch of errands. My wife called me and asked me if I wanted to give them another shot. Knowing that at one point this was my wife's favorite restaurant, I said OK, give em' another shot. We ordered two lasagnas and two orders of meatballs. Beside the fact that the order was shoved in the bag sideways, when I got it home the entire inside of the bag and everything was covered with grease. Both dishes were leaking . OK the food. The lasagna has gone from a work of art and SOME of the best I've ever had, to a greasy mess. The flavoring was poor, (needed salt). I give it a 2 out of 5, and trust me when I say I'm being generous. The meatballs have gone from a work of art to 2 small meatballs with NO flavor, just a ball of meat. Again maybe a 2 out of 5. And overpriced for what you get.So this place is a great example of how to go from great to so-so. I do believe we won't be going back to this place. It breaks my wife's heart, because she really liked this place.Don't waste your money on this overpriced yuppie swill!
4	Very authentic.  The tiramasu is ridiculously good.  The staff is very friendly.  This is one of those holes-in-the-wall that you definately should check out.
4	Always have enjoyed the food and service here. There is an older gentleman who is our usual server who is always so friendly and can be a total hoot to talk to. Their bread is simply amazing. Always hot and fresh. They always send you home with extra bread, sometimes multiple loaves. They are a little on the expensive side for dinner, but lunch special pricing is decent.
1	Had the baked ziti & it was orange & gross. The staff not very attentive, more into work & customer avoidance.
5	I can only review on the deli portion cause we didn't sit down and eat here. A good friend had pointed me to this place and it was as wonderful as he said. The guy helping us was friendly and knowledgeable.  They had a good variety of meat he let us sample. Pricing was low to average and the quality was there. I would like to later try dining there, because it seems everyone was quite friendly and service was good. I can't wait to make a sandwich with everything we bought!
5	I seriously LOVE this place. The atmosphere is small town friendly and the two Italian men that are servers are hilarious. The food is consistently excellent, and they actually know what "al dente" is supposed to be. Their bread is fresh made every day and as stated in other reviews the Tiramisu is beyond compare. If nothing else you owe it to yourself to try that. My favorite is the spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs are the size of your fist and have a wonderful flavor. A great place to go with a friend or two, and I take my parents here when they come to visit.
3	Ok my father is going to kill me because I'm Italian and for me to say what I'm about to say, uh well I could be swimming with the fishes. I don't love pasta, I like it, but I don't like the way I feel after I eat it. So full and miserable for hours. With that being said, I thought I would give this place a try on a cold winter night to warm me up. I had the spinach ravioli with tomato cream sauce, ehhh nothing to write home about.  My friend had the meat ravioli, which I enjoyed more than my dish. The bread that they bring out was the favorite part of my meal, love to dip fresh bread in olive oil & balsamic vinegar. The deli though, now that looked pretty good. I like sandwiches, so I think if I return here it would be for the deli side and not for the restaurant, if I wasn't so full I wanted to try the homemade desserts, the ricotta cheesecake looked so good! Would I return? Ehh maybe if I was in the area, would I recommend? If you're looking for decent Italian food, this place isn't bad.
4	This place is that mom and pop place that you look for.  great food service even sounds italian.  Must try if you havent been there and just looking for a quiet place.  Will be back soon.
5	Fantastic place! Great service and the food was impeccable!
5	Love the pasta, comforting ambiance, salads and meats.  They have nailed their menu items to perfection.  Be sure to try the calamari and pasta, chicken saltimbocca, and greek salad.  Lunch portions are perfect and reasonably priced. Never disappointed when we eat here!
3	I debated 3 or 4 stars on this place and went with the former for some very minor criticisms.  When this place is on, it's great.  I have had some slow service on occasion and once had a bad bowl of cioppino.  Every other time I've been there has been excellent.  Save room for dessert and esspresso.  Great coffee.
5	This is my new favorite place!!! How have I never been here?!?!?!The service was excellent. I had a hard time deciding what to order. We were there for lunch so I went with a sandwich. It is called the "Roma" and it has imported prosciutto, thick slice of mozzarella, roasted red pepper. tomato and oil. I don't know if I can ever order anything else it was so good!!!I wanted to try something from their delicious looking Dessert counter. I decided on a "Chocolate Eclair" that only cost $2.50. SO worth it!!It was clean inside and seating room is comfortable. Give this place a try if you never have!!
3	I used to stop at the Roma Deli on Spring Mountain Road but I was usually going west and getting across the lanes there was a pain depending on the time of day.  Then Roma Deli II opened not far from home and wow, I never stopped in the years it's been there.I needed some good grated cheese for something I was making and decided the time was right.  I stopped in yesterday and got a pound of pecorino romano.  I also got a block of romano for snacking on while watching TV.  The cheese is excellent.  Very flavorful and with that great salty cheese taste.I was disappointed in the selection.  The deli area is much smaller than the original.  I was hoping I could get some peppers stuffed with prosciutto wrapped cheese.  Not at this location.  I guess I need to try another Italian deli and see if I can find a better selection.
5	Great real Italian food!
5	We always have perfect service and perfect pasta here.   The arabiatta and the putanesca sauces are SO good and always the pasta is just right. The servers are friendly and attentive.   It is small, charming, and quaint.  Love this place.
4	So after leaving my dentist I was STARVING.  Saw this place on the side of the road as I was driving and pulled in and parked. Honestly I look for random places like that just to try it.I ordered a side of meatballs (I try the meatballs anywhere that serves them, ya I know.. weird.)  and an Italian sub. Little did I know the meatballs came with their fresh garlic bread too. The meatballs were friggin great, just like my ex's Sicilian grandma. I finished those and most of the bread which was also on point. The sandwich was very good and fresh as it should be at an Italian deli) but was so big combined with what I already ate I took it home and had the other half for dinner. Definitely plan on going back to check out more of the menu.
3	I really wanted to be able to write a rave review of Roma. Really, really wanted to. But, I owe it to my fellow Yelpers... There's a few things you gotta know:1. The red sauce is salty. I ordered the chicken parm, swapped salad for pasta. The chicken wasn't the most tender, and the sauce... just so much salt! I think hardly any garlic. If you're into chicken parm, check out Parma by Chef Marc... THAT is what you want.2. The napoleons: they're supposed to have pastry cream in the middle. These have marshmallow fluff (what?!), which is basically whipped corn syrup + various chemistry - something I try to avoid at all costs. I wish I knew that it didn't have the traditional filling - would not have ordered it. The Spring Mountain Roma location stopped carrying the napoleons altogether, and this may be why.The one thing that I can rave about is the service - great attention. The resto is very clean and can definitely hold a large crowd. Although, between food quality and service, I would much rather be raving about the "just like gramma's" food, but unfortunately cannot with Roma. :-(
5	This place rocks!!!I ordered an arrabiata which was off menu and they made it no problem. Bread was delicious. Food even more so. Pricing was good. I think the arrabiata was about $11 ish. Which was inline with the rest of the 'non meat' type pastas. So yeah. If you want some good italian and Carla Brunei is not available (lol), then go for Roma! You wont forget it!!!!
4	This little spot is less than a mile from my work, so I was destined to eventually try it out. I dined here for lunch last week with a coworker and was astounded by the number of patrons they serve for lunch. The deli portion is ample and appears to have all the basics of a good Italian deli. I got all reminiscent of the Sopranos when I saw Mortadella in the deli case. Okay on to the meal... the chicken parmesan was simply perfect. The serving was generous, the chicken was pounded thin and breaded lightly with just enough crunch left to provide contrast to the hearty sauce it was covered with. The side of pasta was not necessary yet appreciated. It had the same delicious marinara sauce that accompanied the chicken. The garlic bread was everything a piece of garlic bread should be, hearty and crunchy enough to stand up to the robust sauce and full of flavor.
5	Always excellent authentic Italian food and nice portions, but they really need to lay off the salt! It would be nice to actually taste the food, and if you would like it more salted, it would be nice to control that yourself.
5	Another great meal at this restaurant. Great pasta e fagoli soup and my wife's sausage and pasta dish was super. All the sausages are made in house. My roughy was a bit sour to my taste but the menu did say lemon sauce. I rated five stars because of the gracious, old school service: a polite waiter who observes when he is needed but otherwise stays in the background, does NOT say he will be taking care of me, does NOT tell me his name, does NOT ask me if I am still "working" on my food, does NOT ask me if I" saved room" for desert and does not try to upsell me when I order but who does understand that dining out can be a leisurely affair. I've been back many times since this initial review. I've never been disappointed.
5	First time going last night on a whim....it is so nice to actually find an italian deli! and the staff is wonderful so kind and friendly.  Starting with fresh warm bread that is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Salad of caprese, wonderful buffalo mozzerella and fresh juicy tomotoes!  dinner was classic fettucini alfredo with broccoli.....so wonderful!  great place i would definately recommend and go back to.
1	This was my third time here and I am sorry to say that I got food poisoning.  I ordered Salmon and Pasta.This won't stop me for going there though since it's authentic Italian food.
4	I have been to Roma Deli a handful of times and it has been a pleasant dining  experience except for one time we came during their dinner rush.We are always greeted with a fresh warm bread that is really addicting. Especially with the house salad. The salad is big enough for two . The dressing is really good and the veggies are fresh. I  had the chicken parm which was flavorful. They serve the cutlets with the pasta on the side. We had the chocolate cake and the eclair for dessert. The cake was moist and creamy. The eclair was equally delicious!The second time we came in for lunch so we split an ittalian sandwich and their house salad. The sandwich was a great price for the size. It was about $7.50. I wasn't sure if I would like the sandwich because it looked really salty but it wasn't that bad! We had the Spumoni ice cream cake for dessert which is my favorite ! I saw a picture of this cake on Yelp and I knew I had to give it a try! It isn't always in stock though.The third time we went was just minutes before their big dinner rush. It was so busy that we were rarely checked on. We only had 1 drink throughout the meal which was bad news for my husband because he drinks like a camel. We were promised a refill on the bread but they never got to us. It was  disappointing because it's so good! I had the sausage pasta that time. I was expecting big pieces of sausage and I asked them to put mozzarella on top. When I got it the sausage was ground up like ground beef and no mozzarella. I understand it gets busy so I didn't make a big deal out of it . I wouldn't recommend going during dinner if you are in a hurry.
3	Sit back, relax, and get ready because here we go!Service:     (+2) Must be more attentive.Food:  (+5) Fabulous bread, good deli meat, fresh veggies.Price:    (+3) Sorry, but their lunch specials were all way over 10$, most started at around 14-15$ and cold sandwiches started at 9$, which wasn't too bad but certainly not reasonable for what you get around town.   (+3) Ambiance:  You can buy various meats, cheeses, wines, and other hard to find imported goods.Overall,Very good deli sandwiches.  The prices are slightly higher; however, the quality of the meats, cheeses, breads, and wines are very good.
3	One of my fellow lunch buddies recommended this place, so I figure, why not? Needed a new place to try anyway. Atmosphere seemed pretty laid back, which is nice. Service is a bit slow,  so if you're pressed for time, this is not the place. Had the eggplant parmigiana which was pretty good served with a side of pasta which was was pretty tasty. I would come back, but maybe next time it won't be on my lunch break.
1	My family and I had come here before and had superior service and very good food.  This last time, we got neither.Our waiter simply didn't like us.  There's no other explanation.  He ignored our repeated requests for more bread; he never once asked us if we wanted more water (I had to flag down the bus boy whenever he served the adjacent table, which was frequently).  He conversed with the customers at the other tables in our area, but didn't even bother to ask us how we were doing.  Two other parties arrived after us, yet they received their entrees before we did.  Once a large party had entered, he served them, and pawned us off to a bus boy.  I had ordered the veal parmigiana.  The cheese had not melted; it was still in a clump on top of the meat.  It was served lukewarm.  We spent close to $90 on our meal.  That isn't how you treat people.I wish I would've taken a picture of the pr*ck so that I could say, "If you see this guy, leave".  But maybe you shouldn't bother; just come back after they fire him.  He shouldn't last long.  If he does, the place will fold, and you wouldn't have missed much.
2	In brief, poor service, prices on the high side and awful marinara.  Alfredo sauce was much better.  Very good bread.  Overall experience, well below average.
2	Please, someone tell me what I am missing here? My family loves Italian food. LOVES LOVES LOVES IT. Being super carb sensitive (I think about carbs and I gain 5 lbs. Eating Italian is the bane of my existence for this very reason.The premise is nice. A family run, Italian deli. I can dig that. We entered, were instantly greeted, I checked in on Yelp (the Elite thang to do), and perused the menu. I was shocked at the prices. A simple pasta dish was $14.99. For PASTA?  None of their dishes came with soup or salad to justify the high cost. Anyway, my family ordered, freshly baked bread arrived. Piping hot, crispy on the outside, soft in the middle. I had once slice and savored it. This was the best part of the meal. We each had ordered a cup of soup (70 degree weather in late May justifies as cool enough for soup in my book) They were all  homemade and they were all awful, My pasta e fagoli was nothing but a weird broth, white beans, and pasta. The minestrone was vegetable soup with pasta. The chicken soup was hopeful, but it didn't have any real flavor. Each cup of soup was an additional $5. Decent sized cups, but when the flavor is lackluster...Next come our entrees. The stuffed pepper was the only tasty thing ordered, a bit salty, but had a rich complexity in flavor profile and texture. I ordered the four cheese risotto. It was far too salty and thankfully my mama put some of her yummy stuffed pepper sauce into my dish and it perked it up a bit. The risotto was cooked a little too short, it was not to the point of al dente (which to my knowledge is how all noodles in Italian restaurants are served). The other dished ordered was the baked rigatoni. Pasta, greasy meat sauce, and a layer of cheese. Ekk!  I tried a bit of it and I swear this AM after brushing my teeth last night and again this AM, I still feel a thin layer of grease on the roof on my mouth (okay, I'm being dramatic). These dishes all ranged from $14.99 to $18.99. I don't understand. Pasta, tomatoes, and buying bulk cheese isn't that expensive. All of the food was wrapped up and taken to go. Again, portions are HUGE, but when the food doesn't taste good, it's just even more of a waste.Service was great. Attentive. Informative. So kudos there. However, $90 for 3 people to eat at an Italian Deli is ludicrous in my mind. Especially when I would rather eat at Olive Garden and it would have been far more satisfying and lighter on the wallet. The restaurant was also very loud. The high ceilings and the absence of a wall in the dining area amplified noise level. I feel like I was robbed eating here. I ate carbs for you, Roma! Carbs! And I gained about 20 lbs while writing this review because of all the thinking and writing about carbs!
5	This is the fourth time I have been to Roma Deli II. I have had the Beef Braciole two times, the house pizza and the Roma salad. I cannot recommend this place enough! Great service and delicious food. Tonight was Father's Day and I brought my parents and extended family for the first time. Mom and Dad both got the Braciole, we had a pizza for the table and my brother in law had Linguini with clams. Everyone agrees that we will be coming back as a family! Great charming place. Nice for a date or family dinner.
3	Wasnt blown away by this place however decent selection of wine and various grocery. A bit pricey but managed to find some goodies. They have prepared food as well that sure smelled good. I may come back
5	Yesterday I was  at Roma deli ll for dinner with few friend . Dinner and service was excellent
5	We have lived near Roma for a couple of years, but for the first time, stopped by for dinner.  It was fabulous.  Even though they were out of the special that i wanted, he said he would have the chef make it similar.  It was delicious.  Service was great and we will definitely be back with our friends!
5	We love this place! They have awesome service. Everyone is so attentive and personable. I almost always order the Beef Braciole, which most Italian restaurants do not have as a regular menu item. Their Roma salad is amazing! It is a chopped salad with tomatoes, red onion, blue cheese crumbles and candied walnuts. My sister and I split that for an appetizer and got the Braciole for our entree. My nephew lives for their meatballs. Sooo good. They have amazing garlic bread or if you are happy with the fresh bread plain that comes to the table enjoy that too because it is irrestible as well. For dessert their tiramisu is so good light and decadent at the same time. Tonight I tried their chocolate cannoli. Best cannoli ever! They don't fill them until you order them so they stay nice and crisp. Honestly it is the best cannoli I have had in Vegas. This place has a wine room and a huge selection of wine as well. I cannot say enough good things about this place...
1	One of the worst service in town.I was completely ignored along with my wife for about 20'.Food was absolutely overpriced.They messed up all our orders.I am Italian and you can't fixed stupid.The owner should know about this complete mess.I ma in no way trying to put down this place just fro the pleasure of it.So I came back a different day just to buy some prosciutto .Again , even if I had some costumers  in front of me, which I completely understand, I was ignored and after 10' I was asked what did I want but after that the two people on the either side of the counter never returned to us.Awful.Save your money and time...even if you like Italian food.I tried twice so you don't even have to do it once.
5	The food was delicious, made with fresh ingredients, and the service was impeccable. We had a group of eight and they were gracious and welcoming, and the food was ready in a fair amount of time.
4	I have been going to Roma Deli and Wine Shop for years now.  I love this place.  Great service and everyone is very friendly.  Their hot fresh bread is excellent and their chicken parm and pasta is my favorite.  Never had a bad meal there in all these years.  Can't wait to go again,
5	Love this restaurant! Every time I come here it gets better and better. The minestrone soup is to die for. Recommend for anyone who would love to enjoy a good Italian meal with the best italian servers.
4	It's Italian, it's a deli, and it's a wine shop. Forget the pizza and pasta, anyone can do that. The deli is where this place really shines! Fresh-cut meats and cheeses, various salads by the pound, and enough traditional sweets to induce diabetes. Plus a massive wine selection. But the best part is the deli- beautiful bread that is crisp and buttery on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside, topped with the aforementioned imported meats and cheeses, high-quality olive oil and fresh basil, and just absolutely perfect.For cold weather, the chicken parmagiana is just right: the size is big enough to split, just under $10, with so much marinara and mozzarella that it initially smells like a pizza. But sink your teeth into the tender, juicy chicken and you'll be too focused on your food to carry on conversation.As for our usual warm weather, the Roma sandwich is the namesake of this place and for a darn good reason: domestic or imported prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, and olive oil. It is deceptively simple, needs no additions or sides. It is just right.Just ONE request though: PLEASE put your menu on your website!
