4	Probably one the cleanest local bars I have ever been to!Met up with some friends here the other night.  They have a ton of beers, and you can join a beer club (FREE!) and if you drink all the beers on there in like a 3 month period, you get draft beers for free for the next 6 months?  Or something like that.  It gets you out of your comfort zone of normal beers (Bud light anyone?) and gets you to try stuff you probably wouldn't.Food is better than normal bars.  I had the nachos.  Good and there was a massive amount!  My husband had the pulled pork sandwich with onion rings, which he said was fine and our friends loved the mac & cheese.The bartenders are great and very attentive.  I put in $20 into a machine (which I usually don't do) and of course all of my 3 beers were free.They have TVs everywhere and pool tables.  OH- The bathroom was really clean!I will definitely be heading back!
5	Came here for the first time and was impressed. The service Is amazing, the bartender Girlie was very attentive and funny. Great staff with gorgeous bartenders.  The beer selection was great. They have pool, darts, shuffle board and some arcade games. The 46" hdtv's at the bar are great. They have a beer club, if you drink all 69 beers in 6 months time, you get a free draft every time you come in for the remainder of the 6  months and you get a picture taken as well as a 69 T-shirt, so the faster u drink all 69, the longer u have for free beer.  Fun place, beers and cocktails are better priced than PT's when it's not happy hour. Had the angus sliders with a side of fries and was happy. The food is good and average priced. I will definitely come back here. I have 60 beers left to go. Also they show the UFC fights and there is no cover. Awesome place!!
5	One of my Favorate bars i go to after a long day of work or when i just need to get out the house. Home of the 69 beers Great food and specials for events.THE Staff is great
5	My favorite place to meet with friends!! The staff is amazing, the food is amazing, and you can watch any sport you want espically hockey!! I love to come here, I feel like I am right at home!
4	Saw their coupon in LV Weekly for March Madness which advertised $4 nachos, $2 for 2 sliders and $1 hot dogs along with $20 match play...so what better place to sweat my NCAA brackets?  Which all fell to pieces this past weekend but that's what I get for watching less than an hour of cbball the entire year.  My wife got dealt a 9 high straight flush on a 3 play machine the first time we went which took care of the food and then some.  I ended up breaking even but still get $20 profit because of the match play.  That just went to overtipping the super friendly staff anyways.  The food is definitely better than the average bar with the sliders being some of the best I've ever had.  How are they THAT juicy?  My wife loves the chicken fingers here since they bread and fry them to order.  She jokes that the fingers are so big..they should just start calling them chicken hands.  Unfortunately they got rid of the $20 match play our next time there since a ton of people were abusing the hell out of it.  Figured as much.  So basically they would only give players another $20 if they lost the first $20.  No big deal.
4	Pretty nice bar. I was in town for a little bit, and I wanted to watch the Kings-Ducks hockey game. A friend of mine that lives in Vegas suggested we go to Scooter's, and that we'd also get to watch the Las Vegas Wranglers game (Vegas' ECHL hockey team).There were a buch of Wranglers fans there, wearing jerseys, watching the game. Man, Wranglers fans are pretty passionate about their team. That was cool to watch.I didn't try any of the food here. We drank a beer and then headed out to another bar.
4	This is the new home for the Las Vegas Seahawkers so, I will probably spend a lot of time here in the future. They have a ton of beer to choose from and the price are decent. Also the food is fairly decent. I had the Cajun Burger with curly fries and it was very juicy and solid. The fries were good too. Probably the cleanest dive bars I have ever been. My only complaint is that even though they have a lot of TV's they are fairly small except for the projection TV that is not very clear.  However this is defiantlyan upgrade from the previous Seahawks bar Torino's that is probably as bad as it could be.
5	My friend and I decided to check out this place because we heard great things about the food. Let me just say.... it didn't disappoint! Scooter's has the typical happy hour with beer specials and half off of appetizer's, and because we couldn't decide what to eat we got a variety of their appetizer's.  They were so good! A few of my favorite's are the artichoke's, macaroni and cheese and the spinach/artichoke dip. Yummy!The place is clean and the staff is super attentive and nice.A definite place to go to unwind after a long day and enjoy some great food! I will go back!
4	We're not pub people since most of the time the food sucks at these kinds of places, (at least is been my experience) but I have to say that these guys got it down. My husband always orders the the blt chicken avocado wrap and it's amazing!!....
4	I like coming down here on a Tuesday or Thursday night for a drink, late meal and karaoke. The food here is actually quite good - I've had their build it yourself burger (which was yummy and filling) and the chicken strips. Gotta say the chicken strips were less than impressive, but I did like the burger. The beer is good too, and they have good drink specials during karaoke. Thursday is ladies' night too, so having a vagina definitely helps there.Speaking of karaoke - I love coming down here for Karate Karaoke. Ali Raccoon runs it on Tuesday and Big Sexy takes care of the ladies on Thursday, plus it's usually a pretty short queue.All in all, if you want to relax and sing a bit come on down and check it out.
5	My fiance and I stopped in here one night when we didn't feel like cooking. First off, the staff is awesome! Everyone was super friendly and the service was fast! The place is clean and, for a gaming bar, didn't smell too smokey....We sat at the bar to start and each had a beer. The bar tender was super nice and fast. We ordered food and sat at a table to eat. The bar tender took great care of us, even at the table. We started with the spinach and artichoke dip.... it's amazing!!! We've gone back twice just for that. The burger I had was delicious. I built my own with cheese and grilled onions. The burger was juicy and huge and the fries were great! My fiance also had a burger and said it was amazing! We've been back there a bunch of times and will go back again and again!
2	Ok.... the two stars are ONLY because of the mac n cheese dish .... WHAT HAPPENED???The first time I tried the mac n cheese I was in love!  I have been to scooter's two more times since my first review and I gotta say the mac n cheese was a complete disappointment! Very bland and watered down .... no flavor at all! I don't know if they have changed cooks? The recipe? Blah!Ok .... done with my rant! lol   Outside of the mac n cheese disaster, scooters is still one of my favorite places to go for a drink! and all the other dishes I have tried have been top notch!
2	1st time going to Scooters yesterday. After waiting almost 5 minutes to order a drink. I had to ask 3 times after giving the bartender my order for a drink to please get it for me. She kept forgetting. Finally the food server got it for me. The service was extremely slow. Food was fair. Was really bummed because I was expecting more after reading the reviews by others before me. Will not be returning. On to greener pastures
4	Sports Bar. What else can I say. The bar area is huge with some gaming machines. This place gets crowded at times. The bartenders are cool and the vibe is friendly. I ordered the kobe dog. Footlong hot dog with all the trimmings. It was really really good. The chicken wings are also pretty good. I browsed through the menu and everything looks so appetizing. I like this place; 4 stars for food, service and fun.
1	I was happy to see that Scooter's became the Seahawks bar.  The location is convenient for me.  While the food was ok and the service was generally ok, the whole experience was tainted by one moment.  My brother in law was playing the machines and in several hundred dollars.  After hitting something not too big (about $400), he cashed out.  Whenever he hit something about that size, he cashes out then starts over, eventually feeding it all back in and then some.  One of the bartenders paid out the cash out and walked away.  He gave the other bartender $20  and went back to playing.  This was the third time that night that this had occurred.  To my dismay, the first bartender went to the other and asked how much he had tipped.  He didn't indicate whether he thought this was enough or not, but either way, that is not the point.  Of course they are primarily working for tips, but to ask this in front of us is rude and unacceptable.  This bartender may have thought he was being discrete, but it was loud enough for me to hear.  By the end of the night, the bartenders were tipped $140, but my brother in law was down $700.  This may be the only Seahawks bar in town, but I'd rather watch at home than be insulted like that.
4	3 words - Chicken parm sliders!! :)Rapidly becoming one of my favorite pubs to chill at in Vegas... to me, pricing, food, service... they're pretty much everything. The bartenders here are personable, especially the graveyard shift ;) and the chef is also friendly. They have Big Buck Hunter, one of my all time favorite bar games... plus pool tables, karaoke, shuffleboard, etc. Food never disappoints and the pricing is not a steal but reasonable.
4	I love Scooter's Pub! All the bartenders are amazing. Always on top of it, i never have to wait around for my drink. They also have good bar food and affordable. Their Mac and Cheese was perfect comfy food for me. The wraps are also delicious. They have a lot of beers to try. Great gaming bar, excellent bartenders, and good bar food. My kind of chill place!
5	Loving this place for Seahawks Games! Great drinks and Nikki the bartender is cool and attentive! The food is quality bar food and the prices are reasonable. So the NFL Season looks great on ample lcds and big  screens! So now.. Can the Seahawks win? I will be at scooters to see if they can!
4	Good food, good atmosphere, could use some more veggie options on the menu.
4	I originally stopped in for a meal and to watch the Wranglers' hockey game.  I brought along several of my children and their spouses (who love hockey).  Expecting standard fare bar food, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  Our meal began with several appetizers.  The roasted artichokes are beyond delicious!  My kids raved repeatedly about both the spicy green beans and the jalapeno strips.  They were delightfully flavorful with just a hint of spice.Our main courses included the bacon pizza, a philly steak sandwich, cajun penne and the spicy BBQ burger.I tasted all but the burger.  The food was creative, unique and interesting.  The onion rings were fried perfectly and the fries were crisp.In the third period, they decided to have dessert.  Fried Oreos and Chocolate Brownie.  The Oreos were not impressive, but that is not my style of eating.  The brownie, however, was spot on!The staff was pleasant, helpful, prompt and courteous.  Like I said, I came to nosh while watching a hockey game, but left telling everyone I know if they want a great little place to eat really quality food (and watch sporting events at the same time), Scooter is a MUST-DO!!!
3	Burgers are great and you can get them anyway you want them.  I ate in the dining area and the service was great. Not much of a breakfast menu... since they're open 24 hours and all.
4	Scooters is a friendly bar with a good selection of food.  TV's are everywhere and they have sports packages that pick up most televised games.  They have great UFC PPV parties and the Las Vegas Marquette Alumni Club meets there watch Saturday basketball games.
5	Food is always fantastic, my favorite is the Ahi appetizer.  They start it when I walk in the door. Bartenders are Sexy, and all of the staff is very friendly. Great for lunch or dinner!
5	First time I ever went to Scooters Pub was for a Monday Night Football game.  It wasnt much of a game (Pittsburgh vs Cincy) but they had halftime and post game raffles and I ended up winning an Authentic (yes authentic, not the cheap replica stuff BWW gives outs) jersey so that was pretty cool. Every time I go there, the staff is always top notch and one of the bartenders even remembered me after months of not being there. There beer specials are usually really good and they're food is REALLY good!  I completely recommend having the sampler platter to try a little of everything.   But no matter what you do, leave room for dessert because you MUST have the deep fried oreos!  They are unbelievable!!!!  I love going to Scooters and if you're a local hockey fan its a great place to watch Wranglers away games.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
4	A group of Yelpers came here after an event at Shine. I was not expecting this place to be anything different than any other bar. For the most part, they serve the same kind of food as the rest, but how much I enjoyed it surprised me. Carolyn M. had ordered the french dip with curly fries and I kept sneaking a few bites here and there. The fries were crispy and not drenched in oil. Win! The sandwich was also delicious. The meat was tender. The bread had a garlic bread flavor to it and soaked up all the au jus. They also have fried oreos here. Going downtown for this treat is for the experience. Coming to Scooter's is for quality. Each order comes with six of these fatty morsels and ice cream. I ate half of one and stopped. It was ungodly. The cookie inside softens, but still retains a chewiness. It was so good. I might drink green smoothies, practice yoga, and exercise five times a week, and eat healthy 75% of the time, but I do it to let myself indulge in these types of days. I might make fun of my friend for her working out to feed her horrible eating habits, but I am really no better. My body is a temple. It clearly loves me for giving it deep fried anything and hates me for putting it through hell to make up for it.
5	Great UFC bar - no cover charge - Great drink specials - food's pretty good, too.
5	I love this place!  Great food...my sister and I split a cajun burger which was delish!  Drink prices are good too.  The servers were great and it even had a decent pool table.  This is my favorite bar for UFC and Wranglers hockey.
3	Average at best. Personally, I wouldn't recommend hardcore MMA fans to come here to this particular bar. Yes they do not implement cover charge but if you want decent seating here, you would have to come an hour or more ahead of fight time. I came at about 6:10, 50 minutes before UFC began yet, I had to wait about an hour. It's not really the fault of management that this bar gets packed so easily and quickly but for the kind of wait my girlfriend and I had to endure, it was not worth the wait. Instead of sitting at the bar, we ended up setting in the dining area.Food was alright. The scooter's nachos isn't as tasty as it looks. Definitely have tried better. They have a good assortment of fries from regular, curly, and cajun. Cajun fries were good but it wasn't enough to compliment the night. Despite being VERY busy, the service was great. Courteous servers who repeatedly check on you despite being under more pressure. During fight nights, they have raffles for everyone in attendance and after every fight, they draw a ticket and give out prizes. However, the 4 tickets my girlfriend and I were not enough to score a gift :(The TV set up isn't as great as PT's on Buffalo/215. They may have a big projector, but the capacity to sit in that area is way too limited. Overall, I rate this based on preference. I'm sure many other people would say otherwise opposite in comparison to my review but this just wouldn't be my go-to pub. The service is in great shape and all, but I may have to rather choose to either buy the PPV or stream it. Sorry :\
4	Ok, I gave Scooter's another shot and I think it's safe to say that I can retract most of the discrepancies that I listed from my previous review. Food remains decent if not slightly better. Great service. But just the crowds that literally P-I-S-S me off.As said before, NOT management's fault for allowing such idiots into this pub. I'm always sitting around a bunch of morons who are only there to ignite their belligerence and wait for a highlight-reel knockout. But that doesn't happen every fight and because of that dread, these idiots insult and disrespect the event so publicly that it makes me want to make them the victim of their own desires. I'm so disgusted with that brawl till you fall attitude. And intoxication is never an excuse. Someone just needs to buy these idiots more drinks so that they can pass out and cuss at the toilet instead.Otherwise, I won a free long sleeve UFC shirt last Saturday :D
4	Food was good...  quick food all night.  Nothing amazing but it did the trick
4	This tends to be a group happy hour spot with my coworkers, so I've become pseudo-regular.  Not to the point where "everybody knows your name" just yet, but it's becoming familiar.Just good ol' sports bar fun.  The 2 bartenders I see when we go are both great.  Good service and friendly.  The waitress on our happy hour day is awesome.  Pretty good bar food.  Cold beers in clean glasses.  Comps for gaming.  And a shuffle board table to top it all off.  Any games you can play without having to put your drink down rank high in my book o' fun!
4	Had the BLT with curly fries. It was really good. I'm also a ranch freak and dip everything in ranch. Best ranch I've had in vegas. Now if only I could bring the ranch from here when I go to hooters....
4	Me and my buddy went here on a whim trying to find some new places around the neighborhood and we were pleased with the service as well as the food. Although it was a Sunday so it wasn't busy, we were given more than enough attention by the staff who made sure we were happy with the food.Their burger is tasty, as is there chicken avocado sandwich, though they could both use considerably more avocado (I ordered avocado for my burger). I had a potato salad and my friend had curly fries. Nothing was special, but everything was good. We also had some wings which were drenched in spicy garlic sauce (a good thing).We will definitely be trying some more stuff here because its 24 hours and has a decent number of options to try.
2	Ate here last night mostly because I got a restaurant.com certificate. All would have been well and I probably would have looked past a little grundginess and given them 4stars just to be a nice guy. However there was a 16% surcharge added over and above the gratuity. First, don't add a gratuity to my bill. I rarely give less than 20% because I was a waiter in college and I know how difficult it can be. So this waitress screwed herself over. Then there was this surcharge probably because I was using a gift certificate. The food was good, choices were plentiful and varied, but the surcharge has left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Decided to check out this "hockey bar" during the NHL playoffs this evening. Found one-single TV in the back corner of the bar playing the game. Halfway through the second period the bartender "Amanda" changed the channel to UFC while we were the only ones watching that particular TV in the corner.  We asked her to change it back, and without apology she changed it back...along with an extremely rude comment. She then went back to the other end of the bar complaining to her other patrons how much she "hated hockey fans."  Classy!There are tons of other bars in Vegas that will serve you a cold beer without attitude...I suggest you skip this one. Unless you enjoy rude service (similar to "Dick's Last Resort). Despite what they claim...Scooters is NOT a hockey bar!!  The bartenders at Hooters down the street were very nice and we were able to enjoy the 3rd period of our game...thanks Hooters!  Shame on you Scooters for claiming to be a "hockey bar" and instead serving cold beer along with an obnoxious attitude by your star employee Amanda the Bartender!
3	I come to Scooter's to watch Las Vegas Wranglers home games. There's usually a good, energetic crowd, and they put the game on almost all the TVs, so you can watch it from anywhere in the bar. Otherwise, the location is far from my house, but that's fair for a one-location business in our giant city.The food is good, but service can be slow if the place is really busy. The servers do a good job of trying to check on you, though. One of my friends swears by the potato skins. I've never had a bad meal there.Part of the bar has a big screen projector, which is a nice touch for games. You can also play shuffleboard in the same room, so you feel like an athlete as well.
5	My boyfriend and I usually go for the late night happy hour and we absolutely love this place. Blair and mike the bartenders always take care of us! The food, atmosphere and gaming is awesome.
4	At first glance from the outside, you aren't sure what to make of this establishment.  GO INSIDE.  The venue is split into some (private) dining tables when you first walk in and then the bar area behind double glass doors to the left.  Once you walk to the left you are normally greeted by the friendly bartender and have a wide range of options to sit / game / dine / imbibe.  At the bar, with numerous options on draft (Stone IPA - we have a winner), you can't go wrong while playing your favorite video poker game.  If gambling isn't your strong suite, walk over to their ULTIMATE MAN CAVERN.  They have the following available:  Darts, Shuffleboard, OFF ROAD (best game ever), NBA Jam, Street Fighter, Deer Hunter and of course every drinking establishment's GO-TO, Golden Tee.We come by here at least once a week for lunch and the Crispy Flat bread pizza w/ Buffalo Chicken and Blue Cheese Spread is a staple, however their chicken tenders (never frozen) and Burgers have never let me down.There is an abundance of flat screen TV's available and this is a Seahawk's Bar so I already know come Sunday, this place will be teaming with Russell Wilson and Marshawn Lynch fans.  Great place to just hang out and unwind after a long day / week / month / year.  Sunni is an extremely friendly and knowledgeable bartender there so if she's working, go with her recommendations.
3	I'm staying at the hotel right next to this bar so it's really convenient if I just wanna go down and get a beer. They whole layout of the bar is a little interesting and I can't say it's really conducive to the bar's success, but I'm not Jon Taffer, so what do I know?It's just your basic bar w/ pool tables, TV's, food, and some games--nothing special.
1	The bar is okay. Our server was great. We went here because it was the only bar listed as a Seahawk bar in Vegas.  What a bunch of unsociable fans of my home town team. If your not in their little club then you really aren't made to feel welcome at all.  As a Seattle guy that is very involved with Seahawk charities I was surprised by the way the Hawk fans there treat others. The worst of the group had to be the Club Secretary, a power tripping person that told my wife and I that you have to wear Seahawk gear to be welcome.  I would suggest staying clear of this place on game day.  Go to the opponent's bar, you will be more welcome there.
5	Go Hawks!  Far as I know this is the best Seahawks bar in Vegas.  It was standing room only for the 49ers game this year, but the standing was worth it. I went alone and made some good friends.  Gotta love Seahawks fans!
5	I would give it 100 stars if I could!! I am a life long Washingtonian and Sea Hawks fan. 5 of us were in Vegas for a combination birthday trip and after a quick Google search we decided that Scooters would be the place to go watch the Hawks VRS.Falcons game. What a show! The Las Vegas Seahawkers club was top notch and VERY welcoming. Under the advice of a bartender that I spoke with a few days before the game we made sure to arrive a few hours early and we had the privilege of sitting by some of the club officers. What a GREAT group of people! If you are a Hawks fan and want the same type of high energy hawk madness you will find in Seattle this is the place to go.Also $9 pitchers of beer and HUGE meals for under $10!!!! Beautiful servers who do incredibly well for the amount of people they have to tend to. The $25 dollar cab ride from Harrah's was well worth it.Just one more testament to the type of people in the bar one brave soul came in wearing red pants and an Atlanta Falcons jersey. He was hazed but treated well and after the game and a big snafu with the cab service he offered and took the 5 of us to our hotel. Talk about  SPORTSMANSHIP!!!!Great people, great food, great prices, just a great time!!!!SEAHAWKS!!!!!!!!
2	Typical chain type bar. Less than average food quality. Although it appears scratch made, the taste resembles frozen, pre-made. On the higher price range of the same frozen bar food you can get anywhere else. $10.00 for Potato Skins, Really?Some items are scratch made but the quality leaves a lot to be desired. Pizza crust has no flavor, seems pre-made/mass produced, Burgers are average and not seasoned. No testing of the Entree's as I had no desire to go any farther.Host UFC Fights yet they are never prepared for the crowds. Understaffed is an understatement. Takes 10-15 minutes to get a drink. Food took close to 30 minutes on both occasions. Untrained staff operating sound system. Continuously turning sound off and turning music on. Only a $5 Cover Charge for UFC fights is the cheapest in Vegas next to Buffalo Wild Wings and that is about the only Positive that stands out. They let the place get way over capacity to where you cannot walk through the place to get to the restrooms.
1	Came here because I was looking for a hockey bar and some of the reviews said this was the place to go. Um, no. That wasn't the case. I would have asked if she could turn one on, but after she gave me my first beer when I arrived I was pretty much ignored and the place was dead. They had a lot of TVs showing the same 2 college football games. Pretty standard otherwise. No different than a PTs or Lodge.  Couldn't say how the food was. Didn't stick around. Won't be back.
1	Might be the worst place I have ever been to. One of the bartenders there, looked to be in his thirties, had the worst service I've ever received. This place is very dirty and had horrible food. I would never recommend going here.
5	Cool like bar off the freeway. Has some cool old school games. Big buck hunter was super fun, probably better when drunk.
4	I come here to watch the UFC on pay-per-view and love the way the bar is set up for it. You have a bunch of high boy tables and chairs in one room and the bar in the other. The room with the tables/ chairs starts filling up about 3 hours before the main event. I like to get there early to make sure I get a good spot. I also don't pay a cover by coming that early... though I more than make up for the money on my bar tab :)Waitresses are friendly and attentive. Though they get really busy by the main event and the entire bar area is full of patrons.Friends of mine who are big Seahawks fans come here whenever they're in town to watch the games. I hear it's a riot and the bar is filled with Seahawk fans. Food is good but standard bar food. Nothing extraordinary. The portions are quite big.
4	Great place to stop by when your hungry and have been out having to much fun yes I took a cab there it's close to my place. they serve open menu it's 24hours and drinks the bartender was very attentive and had great costumer service skills and ofcourse the cocktail servers where in full affect and looking good the venue is big a lot of space for a good party and plenty of TVs on the walls they have a great all night special buy 10wings get 10free I will be back soon.
5	Seahawk Bar of Las Vegas!!!!!! Great place to visit when the Seahawks are playing. Met some new friends and definitely coming back again.
4	One of the bars that has ufc! Good drinks but chicken wings could be more spicy than sweet
4	Niners and their fans like to say "Who's got it better than us?  Nobody" but clearly here's one more thing Seahawks and their fans have better than them besides a Super Bowl win in this century. haha. Seriously this bar serves way better food and has a way better environment than the Niners bar down the road.Order the Pastrami Burger you won't regret it. It's a burger with pastrami piled on top in a bun. It's not small.  Sorry I didn't take a good pic so didn't. It was delicious on a its own but I dumped some of your typical condiments (A1, ketchup, hot sauce) on it which also doubled as what I dipped my curly fries in. I'm sure if there was an option to throw an egg on it I'd do it next time. This was already done but now will they throw on some bacon!? haha I don't like to usually change things especially when they're already good but why not. The curly fries came seasoned.They have a decent Happy Hour that go Monday-Friday 3pm-7pm and 12am-3am. $5 on various apps like wings, fingers, a mini nacho, I've had the potato skins and mozzarella sticks. 50% off domestic drafts. They have a separate dining area from the bar area but really why would you not sit at the bar. I didn't notice a smoke smell. The bar is decorating in a lot of sports memorabilia including a Joe Montana Niners jersey. They have various bar activities like darts, billiards, and shuffle board. A number of TVs. And from what I heard free showing of UFC events which it gets packed for. Their beer selection are ok, not a lot of craft beers, but the service, the pastrami burger, and the environment are all they needed to makes me a fan. Niners fans don't fill bad cause I think theres a bar in Henderson that has a very nice selection of craft beers.
2	Good food, decent beer options, horrible service. After being told happy hour was over, 5 minutes before it actually ended, it took 10 mins to get one beer and one house wine. We finally gave up on the waitress & transferred the tab to the bar. The bartender was good but blamed the bad service on the event organizer (in addition to Seahawks and UFC, this bar hosts all Univ. of Kentucky bball games). I wouldn't go back if my good friend wasn't a UK alum.
3	Like this place it was chill and drink prices were great. Great for groups but I went during a week day say it was kind if slow but they had a great bar tender! They also have paper view fights so that is awesone!
5	AWESOME SEAHAWKS BAR! Good prices, friendly staff, and I love the shuffleboard, pool and arcade games! Whenever I come to town, this is where a group of me and my friends meet up. Great location for the West side and right of the 215. Rumor was said there was karaoke- I say a big THUMBS DOWN! Super lame, that would deter me and a bunch of my friends from going there.
4	Great place to grab a few drinks with friends  . I went yesterday and I had a great time I recommend this place to anyone in the area .
4	Was here over the weekend to watch the UFC fight since it was close to the house. Everyone that works in the bar is friendly and their chicken wings weren't too bad either. The place is pretty chill to watch games or fights & it was the cheapest entry fee ($5) for the main event fight compare to ($20 & up) for most bars. Well most likely come back :)
4	The service is Excellent.  Food is very good.  Great beer on tap  If you are Seahawks fan they have some views for you.I will be back..
4	Scooter's is a cool bar, especially if you're a Seahawks fan.  I recall a few year ago, before the Seahawks were even good, this bar would get PACKED on Sundays.  I can only imagine how busy it will get now that they are the defending champs!!  I used to go and watch the UFC fights here all the time.  Standing room only, and you get to get there early.  The bar as well as dining room get jam packed.  There are several old school video games here, most notably a Street Fighter II Champion Edition game!!!  This machine alone is enough for my friends and I to drop by.  They also have dart boards, a pool table, and a shuffle board table.  As far as the bar goes, its your typical setup.  Not much different from a PTs or Putters.  Where I feel Scooter's excels at is their food.  I can recall the first time I went in.  My friend and I were in the neighborhood looking for a quick bite.  At that time, Scooter's was new.  I don't recall what we ordered, but I remember the both of us thinking, WOW this food is good!!  And I have never been disappointed since.  The appetizer sampler platter is HUGE and only $16.  You get wings, fingers, potato skins, and mozzarella sticks.  The nacho's are also enormous, best part is at the end, you're not left with a pile of chips.  They put a ton of toppings on these bad boys.  If you get their wings, I HIGHLY recommend the spicy garlic.  Another favorite of mine is the pastrami burger + fried egg.  I believe it is a 1/2lb patty with a heaping helping of pastrami, lettuce, tomato, onion, and mozzarella cheese.  This burger was so big, I couldn't even bite it.  I had to take out the veggies and eat it as a side salad!!  If you're looking for a chill bar to grab a cold one, crazy fun atmosphere for the UFC, or feeling nostalgic for some Street Fighter II, this is a great alternative to the big boy chain.  Who knows, you may even be lucky enough to have Heather as your bartender.  She is fantastic!!
4	I was here for a pre season game. We came 30 mins before kickoff and were lucky to find a table near the bar. The wait on service was a little long, but totally understandable because this place was PACKED and the entire staff was running around with smiles and warm personalities. The atmosphere-for a pre season game, mind you, was awesome.We ordered some chicken fingers and fries that hit the spot. Also had some deep fried Oreos later that were eh. I've had better elsewhere, but still good.The one thing I would like to see changed is the decor. I understand it's a sports bar first, but I would like to see a heavier PNW influence. More seahawks, mariners, even sounders stuff. They have a plethora of team banners that kind of clash if you're going to call yourself a hawks bar
5	This bar is absolutely AMAZING for the Super Bowl Champion,  A.K.A. World Champion Seattle Seahawks fans. If you claim 12, and if you're around here ... get here. It's home. Go HAWKS!!!
5	Great place to be when you're away from home and you're Hawks are playing' you will absolutely love this place!
4	From the LA area and needed to watch Seahawks play their first game of the season. Took 2 busses to get here from the strip and welk worth it.  Plenty of TVs and sound. You gotta get the wings.
3	Food was good. Had a turkey club with avocado that was tasty. Nice thick fries but slightly underdone. Sat at the bar and service was excellent. Very friendly and attentive bartender (Heather) that was buzzing around. Too much smoke and mediocre beer choices bring them down. 16 taps but nothing local. Stone IPA, Guinness, andBass were pick of liter. No local breweries in bottle either.Some decent happy hour specials and it's a Seahawks bar. Enough spots around the bar that don't have video machines if you aren't in a gambling mood.
1	Went there on a Wednesday night. Not too crowded. Smoky, but hey it's a bar. Even the restaurant was a bit smoky, but that can be forgiven. What can't be forgiven is waiting 45mins for our food to arrive. The items we ordered were very straightforward. If there were staffing issues - fine - but let us know there will be a long wait first. That's common practice in most other place we've been to. To make matters worse, when our waitress did bring our food and we told her it was too late, she gave us quite the attitude.On the bright side, after leaving we went right down the road to Grinder's pizza/wings. AWESOME. In short:Scooter's Pub - NOGrinder's Pizza - YES
2	This place is cool to have a drink, play some games and watch sports.. But don't even think about ordering food! I've eaten here 3-4 times around midnight and it's been awful most the time.. And I don't expect bar food to be amazing but this is garbage.. Makes pts seem gourmet.  Shame on the owner for buying super crap ingredients.. The pizza seriously tasted like reheated frozen pizza... The chicken fingers and wings taste like they have been in a deep freezer from the 80's.. I always bash the food when I'm here with my friends and they say, "it's not that bad, you just have to know what to get" ha! The 2 stars is for the bartenders who are always great and the draft beer selection.. Yo SCOOTER! How bout you go eat at your namesake joint about 1 am any given day and let me know what you think...
2	Stopped in for a sandwich on a late Monday afternoon and sat in the dining room. It just happened to be a seahawks viewing party. Strange lot. Anyway...following the server's suggestion I had the 'Philly Cheesesteak'. The best description would be a hot beef sandwich with steamed onions and peppers all it lacked was gravy. Way far from a Philly cheesesteak. The meat, although tasty, was too thick and in big slices that was soaking in some kind of au jus. The beer (Sam Adams Oktoberfest) was ice cold and the fries were hot and crisp. The service was beginning to slow as the wacked out fans started to arrive. But that was to be expected. My next trip will include nachos which I noticed was the most popular dish coming out of the kitchen.
4	We've had a restaurant.com certificate for Scooter's for a long time, but since it's not near us, we waited until we were within striking distance.  As it turned out, we didn't use it.  We entered a big room that was completely empty: no gamblers, no diners.  We didn't think it was going to bode well, but the very friendly waiter/bartender said that in his four years there he had never seen anything like it.  We believed him.There was a lot to choose from on the menu.  I ordered the sirloin sandwich, with a side of slaw, and my husband chose the Chicken BLTA salad which had grilled chicken with bacon, tomatoes, avocado, and shredded cheese.  It was huge, and he had half of it for lunch the next day.  I thought the chicken on his salad looked dry, but when I tasted it, it was surprisingly moist and not oversalted.  My steak sandwich was another story.  The steak was tough, gristly, and tasted as if it had been marinated in a salt bath.  It was inedible.  The waiter offered to bring me something else, but I wasn't very hungry to start with, so I filled up on the cole slaw and nursed my Apple Orchard cider.  The cole slaw was very different.  It was creamy without being mayonnaise-y, and I deduced that it was made with Greek yogurt.  But after congratulating myself on ordering a healthier alternative to fries, the waiter put me in my place when he told me it was made with bleu cheese dressing.  So much for healthy!Since my steak sandwich was a fiasco, I was going to give Scooter's three stars.  I liked the place, despite the woeful sandwich experience.  The waiter deducted it from the bill, so of course we weren't going to use the certificate.  But because the service was so excellent, and hubby's salad was so terrific, I've bumped it up to four.
2	So much fun for Hawks games, but it's too hot and smokey to even enjoy the game. Food is good but the smoke makes you not want to eat.
5	Home of the Las Vegas Seahawkers, this bar is hands down the best place to enjoy football in Las Vegas. Great specials on game days and the Seahawkers are some of the best fans on the planet. A few tips for those coming to enjoy Seahawk games:- The fan club passes out raffle tickets to anyone in Seahawks attire, so be sure to get your hawk on! - If you're not already a member, join the fan club for $15/person or $25/family of four for the year. You'll get access to a special raffle for jersey's at the end of every game.- Make sure you try a special shot called "The Hawk Bomb." You won't be sorry!- There's a special dining room that's great for accommodating families with kids or people who need table/booth rather than bar seating. Outside of game days it's also a good place to host parties/get togethers or stop by for late night noms. The staff are friendly, the food is great bar food. I highly recommend the Spicy Green Beans and Chicken Parmesan Sliders.
1	Came here for UFC fight. Despite calling the day before and being told there was no cover - there was a $5 cover. We paid and went inside. Every seat that wasn't empty was "reserved". It would've been nice to know we could reserve seats when I called the day before...?! Or that all available seats had already been reserved... But then they wouldn't have gotten that whole cover charge I guess :| They promptly kicked us out of the seats at the bar we settled for since those too were "reserved" for gaming. We asked how this works, where do we go, how do we watch the fight and were told "it's on all around the bar"... So we paid cover charges to sit down and then be left with no where to sit, while half the seats in the bar were empty but "reserved" when we left...What a sh*t show. Besides UFC I'd never recommend this place it was gross small and obviously unorganized. The $60+ we would've spent here we just bought the fight at home.
