4	I love going to this place for lunch. They are well priced, always friendly and have decent food. My favorite part however is the fact that they serve tea with the meals. Its a great place to go with a few friends.
4	great find... i thank John A for the review... the food was very good... the menu is one of the bigger menus i have seen at a chinese place... i went with 3 people and we got 4 main dishes... i would reccomend the lemon chicken and Hong Kong beef... both were excellent... the decor is kinda funky... like your grandmas house in the 60's... it is not priced too bad... i am defintaly going back...
4	Desert Jade is great. The decor is a bit funky -- reminds me of something Scottish, but the food is some of the best I've had in Phoenix, as far as Chinese goes. I've never had a bad meal here and take friends here. I think it's great. I wish it were open on Sundays. That's a bit of a bummer.They have great almond cookies. We usually get moo Shu chicken, which is very flavorful. I have also had them be very accommodating and make me steamed foods with brown rice. I just love this place!
4	This restaurant is by far, one of the best little tucked away Chinese establishments I have ever been too. The decor is adorable, the wait staff is very sweet and just right with attention/grace. My companion seems to really enjoy the Sizzling Rice soup, although I am more in love with the Hot and Sour Soup. We are now making Desert Jade our meeting spot. Whether you enjoy having an entree, for example the Walnut Shrimp or the Beef and Broccoli; or you are looking for an entire meal of appetizers, this is your place. The selections are endless and the flavors are incredible. It makes one feel comfortable to venture off the path and chose something new. I guarantee this establishment is worth the drive, wait, and traffic. My personal menu favorites are the Walnut Shrimp, Pot Stickers, Fried Wontons, Hot and Sour Soup, and the Sizzling Rice Soup. But I don't want to waste anymore of your time, get out of the house and head to Desert Jade!
4	I haven't eaten Chinese food in years. (Other than Pei Wei... and I don't really consider that Chinese food... More like Asian fast food or something)...I've lived in this same neighborhood for about 8 years now and driven by Desert Jade a thousand times and never really noticed it. (Kind of like ALL of those places on Indian School!)But, we decided to get adventurous and try it. And it was really pretty good!As you walk in, it looks like your typical Chinese restaurant. Red pleather booths, paper lanterns kinda thing. We were lead to a booth by the window which had some kind of tableau in it featuring big fake turkeys (not the cooked kind... the real kind)... So, don't know what that was all about. One problem I noticed first... No Asian people eating in the restaurant. A clue to me when eating any kind of ethnic food. If you see people native to the type of food you're about to eat, it's a GOOD sign!I ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup first. As the waitress was putting the Sizzling Rice into my soup at the table, she dropped one of the big clumps into my water. No matter. She was sweet and we all laughed. The soup was really quite good. As was the Moo Shu Pork (that they made at the table. I'm used to assembling the crepes myself) and also the Kung Pao. I'll definitely be back, Desert Jade! Thanks for a great Chinese meal!
4	I just love little places like Desert Jade, too cute!!  It had the charm of a restaurant back in the midwest. We started off with the pork dumplings, very moist and tasty. Just one negative a friend had the curry chicken it was a little too bland.  Overall I would definitely suggest this restaurant.
4	Desert Jade is not your ordinary Chinese Restaurant with stark mirrored walls, paper lanterns and place mat menus... on the other hand, Desert Jade is like a rich country club, comfortable leather booths, fire place, dark colors, a very nice ambiance.  We have reserved private areas for groups and enjoyed an intimate dinner in  the main dining room.  We have always found the service friendly, wether eating in or getting carry-out, and they have never refused to do a special order for us. (I don't like mushrooms- what?)  We have been coming here for more than 10 years now and the food is still great.  Try the pan fried tofu with vegetables... the ginger chicken... the shrimp with lobster sauce... to name a few.
3	if i were just rating the service, i would have given 5 stars.  i was VERY impressed.  my folks were visiting, and the three of us were well taken care of.i just wasn't crazy about the food.  i love chinese food.  i love ordering several plates and sharing.  we ordered two appetizers (both were fairly good) and three entrees (one was excellent, two were "eh.")perhaps it's really good chinese for phoenix and i've been spoiled having lived in chicago... i dunno... but my parents weren't star-struck either, and they're from minnesota... go figure.  3 stars is my verdict.
4	Phoenix isn't famous for Chinese food so imagine my shock when I was taken here. I almost started to dig my heels in at the door in hopes that we could go somewhere else. Good thing I didn't. I was surprised that they have pretty darn good food and the customer service was top notch. If I'm in the mood for Chinese in Phoenix, I'll definitely go back here. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because there's another Chinese place that is 1 star better than Desert Jade but I can't remember the freakin' name of the place. Nor what street it's on. Nor what it looks like. Damn those missing brain cells.
5	I have been going to Desert Jade since I was 7 years old. There is no other Chinese place in the Metro Area that can compare to Desert Jade!! All their food is made fresh to order, and though the decor is a little dated, the service is impeccable! My absolute favorite dish is the Kung Pao Chicken! I also love the sizzling rice soup, outstanding!! You cant beat the prices on their lunch specials. Try Desert Jade, you will become a regular too!
5	This is by far the best Chinese food in the valley. The pan fried noodles and sesame chicken are AWESOME!!!! I eat here at least once a week.
4	Overall a great place. Outside could use some work though. We diffently go back.
4	I love this restraunt.  i frequent it a couple times a month, and when i get in my trips a couple times a week...I used to work for Dragon Palace in N.Phoenix 32nd st & Thunderbird(check it out also) when i was 16 and Desert Jade is the closest I have found to them and its 5 minutes from me!! but yah im a wierd chinese food eater. and if it wasnt for dragon palace i wouldnt have tried anything other than sweet&sour pork/chicken...  desert jades mu shu chicken is SO yummmmmy. omg. their duck sauce makes it so much betttter.  their hot&sour soup is very good.  their sweet&sour shrimp/chicken/pork are all amazing.  they have 2 different sweet&sour sauces, which i still cannot decide between.  one is served with their egg rolls *which ARE so good, but sorry dragon palace are still #1 by a longshot* and the other is served with their sweet&sour dishes which is thicker and richer in red color.  just writing about it makes me want it..their lunch specials are awesome too, i work at the f.s. mall and when i get a lunch special its only $1.50 more than if i got panda express in the mall.
3	"2 stars for disappointing food, one star for great service."Had I read Iain B's review prior to my dinner at Desert Jade the other night, I could've saved us $46.  Instead, my husband and future yelper sister Alexa M and I headed down Indian School road in search for some decent Chinese food.  We were all pretty hungry and it was my bright idea to try a new place.  We passed by Shanghai Chinese and actually pulled into the parking lot of another restaurant (maybe China Village?) but decided since the parking lot was close to empty, that was not a good sign.  So, somehow we ended up at Desert Jade.Ivan was our server and he was fantastic.  I just wish I could say the same about the food... Unfortunately, the egg drop soup, Kung Pao Vegetables, Spicy Chicken, and Beef and Asparagus dishes were nothing to write home about... all were mediocre.Next time, I'll go to one of our regular spots instead... or at the very least, I'll check the Yelp reviews before wasting time and money.  You live and learn... they cannot all compete with Tottie's or Jade Palace!
3	I ordered the sesame chicken lunch. It came with fried rice, which was just OK. There was no eggs in the fried rice, more like color/flavored rice. The egg roll was not so great either. The flavor of the sesame chicken was good, not great! I agree with Gabi. The service was awesome, that is why 3 stars (2 for the food; 1 for the service).
2	It seems to me that many Phoenicians have a "jaded" (pun INTENDED) view of what real, authentic Chinese food looks and tastes like, and those people are the ones who said this was the best Chinese food they've ever had. I'm sorry, but I was NOT that impressed with the food here. I came here last night with a group of 6 people and we did the whole "family style" thing. A couple people ordered potstickers and said they were really good (and at least the waitress warned them that they would take 15 minutes to make) but others were not that impressed with the wonton soup. My dish was actually pretty good (Ginger Chicken), but a couple of the other plates looked a little sketch (I mean, the Walnut Shrimp was literally a plate with shrimp, then a huge serving of broccoli and then a pile of walnuts....IT WASN'T EVEN MIXED IN!!) I was also disappointed with the "fried rice" they served with the meal, which was just fried with some soy sauce (no eggs, no veggies). The Mu Shu was ok, but I actually prefer the one at P.F. Chang's. All in all, it wasn't horrible, but as the 2 Star rating indicates, I've DEFINITELY HAD BETTER!! Almost three stars for great service, though!!!
2	Seeing all the cars parked in their parking lot and as it was time for lunch, I decided to give it a try.  The staff was very efficient.  I think I waited a whole 10 minutes to get my food.  I ordered the Mongolian beef.  The sauce was too sweet and the meat-well it reminded me of mystery meat.  Not a very memorable meal.
4	I'm kind of in awe of reviewers that think they know what authentic Chinese-American food is.I'm no expert, don't claim to be; I'm just a 3rd generation Asian-American; whose family mostly are chefs/owners of Asian-American restaurants.Taste is a subjective thing; so, even I don't agree with the negative reviewers of  Desert Jade here are my picks.* Lemon Shrimp or Chicken - my favorite!!!* Egg Foo Yung - just like my mother's & grandmother's. (only place in town I will order on a consistant basis)* Ginger Beef* Beef with Tomatoes* Pot Stickers* Hot & Sour SoupWill go back as often as I can; for the good food, service and great people.
5	I don't care if it's authentic or not, what's important to me is how good is it.  It is so good I find it hard to eat Chinese food anywhere else.
5	Consistently tasty, fresh, good quality food with fast friendly service. It is the best non-dim sum Chinese food in central Phoenix, since the now long departed Silver Dragon (I think, off of Northern) closed. Pan-fried noodles are excellent, so are mixed Chinese vegetables. This is the really nice feature for me: Desert Jade is incredibly accommodating about substitutions. I get shrimp,chicken,pork, beef combo with broccoli, but without the pork and beef, and substituting string beans for broccoli. This (and similar requests) never cause any sort of problem at Desert Jade. Hot tea is loose leaf, no tea bags, which is another positive for me.My companion Mr. Super Spicy gets his usual gin-and-tonic and says it is adequate. He assures me that dishes marked for spiciness are indeed up to his standards, and that beef with broccoli is decent, with lean but tender meat. He likes the pork fried rice (LOTS of pork) and says egg foo yung is good too. Wor Wan Ton soup is full of tasty morsels, not merely thin broth and droopy noodles.The ambiance at Desert Jade is a bit odd, it's very comfortable, mind you, but more like a hunting lodge than any Chinese restaurant I've ever seen. Clean forest green velvet upholstered booths, diamond shaped mullioned windows, scenes of pheasants and grouse, etc.  The bar near the front entrance is charming, and more traditional. Also, this restaurant is open until 9:30pm, quite unusual for Phoenix dining!
5	BEST CHINESE IN TOWN!!!!  I've been coming here for almost 13 years now and its my favorite Chinese restaurant. They have great food and never disappoint. The staff is Very Friendly and helpful!! You Have to get their House Special Chicken or Sesame Chicken (same thing)!!
5	Love it here. Come regularly now lol thanks to everyone on yelp. Great food cheap price great service. Tho not 100 percent authentic Chinese food still great
5	This has got to be the best chinese in phoenix. The food is always fast and fresh. The servers are always attentive and friendly. This place is just great to go to. I normally get the chicken chow mein and my bf gets the sweet and sour chicken and both are excellent. The sweet and sour chicken isn't one of those gross fried puffballs covered in sugar, it's a real chicken breast, fried crispy and sliced. It makes such a difference. I have been coming here for years and my waiter Ed (who isn't there much anymore) always remembered us and knew what we wanted to order from memory. Now that's good service.
5	The must-try on Desert Jade's menu is the Hot & Sour Soup.  It is the best I've had anywhere, by far!  Filling, delicious and has a little kick -  the hot & sour soup is great to order at the restaurant or to pick up and take home. Desert Jade has definitely improved my "comfort food" repertoire, so long chicken-noodle soup, you have been replaced for good!
5	I love this place! Good food great service.  I've eaten here about six times now. Every dish has its own flavor.so far everything we tried is delicious.  The mix drinks are so good and good ount of alcohol in it.  My favorite is the Mai Tai and scorpion.  Desert jade chowmein is the best. U have to order it. ... so far one of my favorite Chinese restaurant!
5	It's not the greatest Chinese food in the country but for Arizona, it's definitely one of the best! I'd say the food is worth a good 4 stars but the friendly owners and the amazing wait staff make this a five star joint! I love the egg foo young, pepper steak, the chicken fruit salad, and pan fried noodles. My husband, who suffers from severe white guy syndrome, prefers the cream cheese wontons, lemon chicken, and sizzling rice soup. I never call in my take-out orders, I just walk in and within 10 minutes it's usually ready to go, no matter how big the order is! I wish they were open Sundays but the owner says if she didn't close at least one day a week she'd never get her husband out of the kitchen, lol!
3	Not bad, first time here - I had driven past a few time and decided to finally get some carry out, and man we got the carry out - They gave it to us in a box.  Place was nice, it was actually packed when we went in to pick up the food.  Everyone was friendly and the food was ready and perfect.  The reviewed the order with us so we knew nothing was missing.We had:Cream cheese puffs - could have been better, but I still ate themWonton Soup - Very good, and really good crunchiesEgg Roll - I am not a huge eggroll person but was good for an eggrollShrimp Chow Mien - I loved this!  Was a really big fan, I hadn't ordered Matthew did and I ended up eating it allMongolian Beef - was good, your standard Mongolian beefMu Shu Pork - Very good, and something I noticed a couple days later, usually the wrappers get hard and you can use to eat left overs the next day, These wrappers were perfect 2 days laterI think in the end, it probably depends what you like and what you order.  I have had better Mongolian beef, but this place had great pork.  I will go back and for a place that doesn't cost and arm and a leg it works as a neighborhood joint.
4	Thanks to all of you Yelpers for recommending this place! It was just what I have been looking for in my neighborhood- fresh and tasty Chinese food for a decent price unspoiled by trendiness. Thanks! I will definitely add Deserg Jade to my regular rotation.
4	5 stars for the Chicken Fruit Salad. I love this tasty dish with the cut up fresh fruit and lychee. Flash fried chicken in a light batter. This was one of those stop in places that I never thought I would try as it looked a bit "jaded" on the outside hence the 4 star rating. But service is top notch and I am truly addicted to this meal for a nice lunch. It is a good thing it is dark inside since I like to go when I have to eat by myself and craving something fresh not fast food. They never make me feel uneasy by going in alone and the meal is always nice, fresh and hot.
1	Went for lunch and was very disappointed. Restaurant smells musty and the food was awful. Service was very good.
5	I had driven by this place at least twice a day on my way to and from work and always thought it was one of those shady Chinese places that would end up on the news for at least three years. And then one day I had a craving for Chinese did a search for the nearest Chinese restaurant and this place popped up. The ratings were fantastic, so I thought I should give it a try. I placed an order to go, went to pick it up, parked my car and opened the door...it was an OASIS inside! I have to say, I was fooled by the outside.. The food is awesome. I usually get the Moo Shu Pork and my husband gets something new and we share. Everything is so good and, most importantly, you don't get that ill feeling (that sometimes Chinese food seems to make you feel, you know what I mean the "I just ate a ton of grease and my day is shot" feeling). We have been regulars for a couple of years now and I couldn't recommend it enough.
5	Best food, super friendly staff, and great prices. Love it!
5	Always greeted with a SMILE (and a HUG)!  Great Food!  Great Service!  Great family owned restaurant that really cares about their customers. They remember their regulars by name and ask about your family members or friends.Always fresh ingredients and no msg. Always consistently delicious!
2	I know this place is a Phoenix institution.  And it is quite nice inside compared to many Chinese restaurants.  I was invited to lunch here by a colleague who had dined here many times in the past.I felt the lunch menu was perhaps a bit overpriced, given the quantity and quality of food.i ordered the kung pao shrimp ($8.25), which was a spicy dish, but ordered it HOT.  It came so mild I might as well have ordered shrimp in lobster sauce, with some peanuts thrown in.   There were about 10 peanuts, a 1/2 cup of sauteed green onions, and about 4 medium sized shrimp, to go with fried rice that had nothing in it and an egg roll the size of my thumb.  It WAS nice it came with hot tea.Was it outrageously priced?  Absolutely not.  Would I eat here again if someone invited me?  Of course.  But if it's my choice, there are much better Chinese restaurants to be found.
2	I've been searching for a decent take out Chinese place for awhile, and there are a few in this area. This hap pend to be the first one I tried, and maybe ordering the traditional take out dishes was the downfall, but I was disappointed. My girlfriend and I ordered beef with snow peas and water chestnuts, and a spicy vegetable kung pao type thing with fried rice. The flavor, quality, and freshness of the ingredients was very bland and seemed to be more of a public cafeteria type quality. The menu had a number of specialty dishes, so maybe we ordered the wrong items, but I don't think I'll be going back to find out.
4	The chicken curry lunch special was delicious, and service was great.
5	The "Jade,' is a place my buddies and I  often meet for lunch and a place where I take my family for dinner.  It is an oasis in the valley with a friendly  and attentive staff. This is a family endeavor and they welcome you by name and always provide an excellent and  consistant product.  I recommend the sizzling rice soup, lettuce wraps, Kung Pao Chicken or Chicken Fruit Salad.  The experience will keep you coming back.  Eat well!
2	I have not been here in awhile, so I thought since I am in the area I will pick up a lunch togo.  I ordered the sesame chicken lunch special (chicken, rice, and an egg roll).  I bought it back to the office, it smelled good and the togo box was stuff with food.  I wished it tasted as good as it smelled.  The sauce was kind of bland.  I was so bummed.  I guess I need to find another chinese take out place.
3	The only reason I am giving this place a 3 star is because of the service, it was fantastic, but the food on the other hand... wasn't so great.Me and a friend started out with the Bo bo platter. The Spring rolls were average, the BBQ beef had almost no flavor, and the other things were mediocre.My main course was Sesame Chicken with fried rice. It didn't taste a thing like sesame chicken, it literally tasted like soy sauce stir fried and green onions. I walked out with a 40 dollar tab for 2 and i was terribly disappointed, the only reason i had even gone was because of the reviews :(
4	The service was great! Our server was the right amount of attentive and helpful. We ordered the sizzling rice soup, pretty good- and the large is enough for probably 4 people to share. Walnut Shrimp = Mayo shrimp ... For those of you reading this that have not tried this amazing Chinese/American psuedo dish, it is one of my favorites. I am a HUGE fan of authentic food from all ethnicities, but every now and then I like to fall back on something like this. My grandma might not have eaten this in China but it is damn good regardless. But I digress- Try it. You like it. We also got the barbecue pork with veggies. I like snow peas and there were also baby carrots, bean sprouts, and carrots. I thought it was great. If you like spicy- ask for the chili oil. I like it on everything. To address some of the reviews that made reference to it being expensive. I don't know where Chinese food go the reputation of being cheap. Maybe it was from all the buffets scattered throughout the state. But Chinese food isn't 'that' cheap when going to a decent sit down type place. Our tab was about $35 for 2 people. This included 1 beer and we had leftovers.
3	Been going there for years, my parents favorite. The food is quite good, a bit too American for me but OK. Service is good, lady owner is very friendly and she will remember you. Decor is a bit old and rooms are a bit dark, they should freshen it up a bit. Moo shu pork is my favorite, veggie dish is good, boo boo platter is OK.
4	Love this place! Great food, some of the BEST Chinese food I have eatin in a while.
5	You can't go wrong here  .. they have been around for more than 30 years, same free standing "Hunters" house decor inside the dining room , but always GREAT FOOD !  open til 11:00pm,  best place in the neighborhood , Owners are super friendly . ! great place for take out service weekly !   totally recommend the (  HUGH ) Shrimp Egg foo young, feeds 2 !
1	I had one hour for lunch, and had heard this was one of the best places in town. I expected the lunch combo would come with a cup of soup - but not here, even though lunch is hi-priced. The weather was cold, so I wanted soup. I ordered sizzling rice soup and some egg rolls. It took 45 minutes between the time I sat down and when I got my food! The soup was not sizzling, and had small round BURNT rice cakes floating in the cup. BURNT BLACK. I had ten minutes to eat and get back to the office, so I could not return my meal. I fished out the burnt pieces and ate quickly. Maybe this place had a good rep in the past, but I will never go back there!
2	I was disappointed with the quality of food. The won tons were very bland, and the main dish was doused in this weird peanut sauce that completely covered the flavor of shrimp, broccoli, chicken, beef, and the other vegetables in it. The pork ribs were also just bland. It's an alright restaurant, but I probably won't return because nothing impressed me.
5	Great food.  Great service.
4	First I must say it was wild to walk inside of a Chinese Restaurant and find a bar.....a decently stocked bar. Even though we didn't order anything alcoholic; it was nice to know we had the option. The place was decently decorated. We ordered several Egg rolls, Spicy Beef & Sesame Chicken. I was surprised that my Sesame chicken looked like a half of an entire chicken. It was pretty good & we did have a lot of food!!! The service was really good & we didn't have to ask for anything. For all the food we received the $30.00 wasn't much.
4	I'm on the constant hunt for good Chinese food in Phoenix. After many disappointing meals, I found Desert Jade and haven't looked back. The restaurant is super clean and quaint inside (even a big fireplace) and the service is great. Each of our servers have been super friendly and attentive. The food is really good. It's not going to blow you away, but it's fresh, portions are just right and I've never left unsatisfied. I really like the Kung Pao Chicken, the Mu Shu Pork, Spicy Chicken with Vegetables (lots of them), and my husband loooves the glazed walnut shrimp.If you're looking for an easy, casual Chinese meal in Phoenix - I promise you this is one of your best bets.
5	BEST Chinese!  I've been a customer for almost twenty years & they are amazing.  Restaurant is comfortable with nice atmosphere & the food is perfection!  Great prices, too.  SUPER nice staff.  NEVER had a bad meal there in nearly 20 years and Chinese is my favorite!
4	I love the spicy eggplant here. Its not super spicy so I add hot mustard, but its way yummy. The eggplant is tender, flavorful and melts in your mouth without being mushy. My friend had the Desert Jade Egg Fu Yung and she said it was amazing. The service is good, quick and efficient. Overall a great place to get your chinese food fix.
3	I ordered the chicken chow mein and thought it was rather tasty. It was a little bit greasy but definitely full of flavor. I didn't try anything else on the menu so as of now, I believe this is a fair rating. I would definitely come here again and try other things on the menu. I did like how clean it was inside which is sometimes rare in mom and pop restaurants around here...
4	Ate here for the first time this past weekend.  Order some take out for my friend and I.  We both had the spicy chicken with veggies.  The food was ready to go when I arrived and tasted delicious!!
4	This restaurant is not a place a tourist would find in the hotel travel books.  It is an older, somewhat edgy part of Phoenix.  The building was probably a Denny's in the 1970's.  But, don't let the location and appearance turn you off.This is a great place if you have a lot of friends who don't mind having "family style" Chinese food.  The sauces are very light and flavorful.  The portions are ample the lazy-susan helps get the food moving between your friends.  The staff and the owner had no problems handling a horde that wanted one of everything.  If you are looking for flavorful Chinese and a moderate price come here, if you are looking for skimpy and overpriced head to Scottsdale.
4	Living in SW Phoenix, the closest I get to real Chinese food is the likes of Panda Palace, which doesn't use authentic Chinese veggies.  I've lived where there's really good Chinese food, and Desert Jade is worth the trip for the more authentic taste.  They use the Chinese vegetables like Bok Choy, water chestnuts, bean sprouts, and more.  The sauces are delicious too.Making a special trip to come here 1/2 hour from where my wife and I live tells you it's worth it.  The lighting is kind of dim but intimate; the decor nothing fancy, but warm.I ordered a small bowl of egg drop soup to start.  It was enough for two, and the waiter was nice enough to take the bowl and dish it out to two smaller cups to share.   The soup was very good, having some thin-sliced mushrooms and carrots in it as well, to give it extra flavor.A pot of hot tea came with the meal and we got two glasses of ice water without asking.  I ordered as an entree shrimp and scallops with veggies, and my wife got the beef with ginger.  We got the brown rice.After we finished the soup, it didn't take long for the entrees to come.  I thought the shrimp in my dish were exceptionally tasty compared to many places that have little tasteless shrimp.  The scallops were good, and there were plenty of vegetables in a light sauce.  My wife commented on her dish that the ginger was in larger pieces, packing more of a flavor punch.  The rice was perfectly cooked and flavorful.The servers were very attentive and cheerful, removing plates when done and refilling water as necessary.I have been here a couple times before and have always been happy with the service and the food.  I would also recommend any moo shu dish: the pancakes practically melt in your mouth and the sauce is delicious.
5	Nothing beats Desert Jade.  They've updated their dining room and accommodate my now vegan diet.
5	I have grown up on this great chinese food! The menu has many options and ALL the food is great! Many family memories were made! The sizzling rice chicken, sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls, soups and fried rice are delicious! If you become addicted to this restraunt you will be treated like family!
4	Nuthin better after a few fun games of bowling down the street than a good Chinese meal at my favorite Chinese restaurant!   LOL  By the way, make sure to try their Chinese vegetables--they're authentic and delicious!
5	Great food! I loved the Tangerine Chicken! :)
3	3 stars and that's being generous.  Mongolian beef and Sweet/Sour chicken were both soupy and swimming in some kind of MSG laden gelatin.  I really wish I could say better things about this place and I really wish I could find some dependable Chinese in Phoenix.  Suggestions anyone?
5	I love this place. "Kung Pow" Shrimp is to die for.
1	WORST FOOD EVER!! I went there for their lunch specials and got the sweet and sour chicken. The egg roll was great, but the sweet and sour chicken was horrible. The sauce had no flavor and ruined my entire dish. Depending on your liking, the there were very thick peices of chicken within the dish with very little breading. I personal enjoy breading with my sweet and sour chicken.
4	I still like Desert Jade. I go there every once in awhile. The noodles are not as crispy as they used to be and the food is not as fresh as it once was, but I still enjoy the food here. I went for lunch today. My mom got chicken with snow peas, which was very good and I had wonton soup, which was pretty bland. The sweet and sour chicken is still the BF's favorite and the service is still very good. They are always efficient. And the almond cookies....yum.
3	After a long wait for the food, even though the place was not extremely busy when we arrived, I found the food to be above average and worth the price listed. I am not really a fan of Chinese food, but my wife is and she was satisfied with her dinner. I, myself would come back when and if my wife wants more Chinese food.
4	My girlfriend and I put the top down on the convertible and let our noses guide us to dinner.  About a block away from Desert Jade, we could smell the unmistakable smell of Asian food, and our minds were made up.As we walked in the door, we were greeted quickly and brought to our table immediately.  Hot tea and ice water were on the table in seconds.  We each ordered off the Kitchen Specials section of the menu, not knowing the portion size.  Faster than I had anticipated, we had two large plates of food on our table, and a bowl with a heaping portion of fried rice as our side.  As we ate, we couldn't decide which dish we liked better.  Both were amazingly fresh and meaty, with minimal breading (as it should be!) and maximum flavor.  While we both would've appreciated the sauces to be a bit thicker, they were not lacking.After eating our fill (only about half), we took the rest home for a guaranteed excellent lunch tomorrow.  We will be back!
5	Our family has been eating at and taking out Desert Jade for 25 years! Best traditional Chinese food in Phoenix. Our daughter, who lives in LA, has to have Desert Jade as soon as she gets to town for a visit. The service is top notch. They know their regulars. They know how their regulars want their meals prepared. I have been chided for always ordering the same thing, more or less, but at least they don't have to ask me. The decor is counter-intuitive, pleasant  enough, unexpected but doesn't detract. I think there is some variability in the cooking styles because this is a family-run business so chefs change and I notice sauces do have some variability. Still the spicy eggplant melts in your mouth. The moo shu pancakes are airy and the soup portions are to bathe in. The cost is also surprisingly low for the high quality. Most of you will not be disappointed.
4	One of the few Chinese places I will frequent. Not only is the food great but the service is great, food comes out quickly as well. Try the tangerine chicken you won't regret it.
2	The food wasn't very good. My girlfriend and I could only eat like a quarter of meal before we asked for a boxes (just to be nice, we don't plan on eating them). We then drove across the street to McDonalds.  I would like to note the waiter was super nice but that doesn't really help later when your stomach hurting. I hope it was just the dishes we ordered (spicy chicken w/ red sauce and chicken with vegetables in spicy sauce) because ironically the restaurant ambiance was very cozy and all the staff was extremely nice.
3	Great ambience, excellent service. Food is OK, not great, not amazing, but ok. Very accomodating to substitutions on the menu. The beer menu is not very extensive and our bill was more expensive than I would like for a neighborhood chinese restaurant.
4	Really good Chinese food. I always get Singapore rice noodles and add extra vegetables and I've never been disappointed. Hot and sour soup is good and they are really quick for take-out. Owners are very friendly.
5	Pleasantly surprised! Didn't expect the light atmosphere from the outside... Great fast service... Decent price great food
3	The service was great and food came quickly.  The prices were good and the menu was easy to navigate.  I love their online menu.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything to write home about.  No one in my party of 3 cared for their dishes.
5	This is hands down the best Chinese food in the valley. A true hidden gem. Fantastic food, great portions.
5	The best Chinese food in the valley! Ever had any problems with the service or food. The tea is fantastic as well.
5	Food, tea, service are great!
5	This place has the best fried rice ever . not too dry , just perfect, I've only eaten inside once, and the workers are very nice. I order take out from here all of the time and they have fast service.
3	My mom got a suggestion from one of her friends to come and eat at this place. We were feeling in a Chinese kind of mood, so we thought: what the heck?I've never been to this place before, but I've passed it several times. I was excited to try something new and review another place.As soon as we pulled into the parking lot, I noticed that there were a lot of people parked out front. I took that as a good sign.We walked in to the restaurant and I was surprised at how nice it looked inside! I've been to several Chinese restaurants where inside has pink wall paper, and an assortment of Chinese-type figures all over, and out-dated look, with a huge fish tank in the "wait-to-be-seated" area. No, this one was pretty snazzy! Another plus. We sit down and our waitress was very nice. She was very cordial, not too chatty. We ordered the honey dipped barbeque chicken and the cream cheese wontons for the appetizer. The chicken thing was good, but there was hardly any cream cheese in the wonton. It was almost just fried dough. We ordered our entrees. Sweet and sour pork, chicken and another chicken plate. I thought that it would have come with rice (the menu said it did) but only the plate of egg rice came out (which we ordered). The price was reasonable. Not too expensive. It was very filling too. The place was okay. It was better than a lot of other Chinese food places out there, but at the same time it was kind of the same. You know? Anyway, I wouldn't rush back to this place. But I would tell others that it's got "OK" Chinese food.
4	I get the Singapore rice noodles takeout once in a while and I am always happy with my food.The Singapore noodles are good and they come with shrimp and pork. They are the drier version of this dish (not swimming in sauce), which I prefer. I also don't really like shrimp and they substitute the shrimp with chicken.I always get take out so i can't comment on a dining experience, but the take out is always fast and ready to go when they say it will be.Good food, fast friendly service.
3	AMBIANCE: We came here after we heard this place achieved the dean's list on dirty dining. I was going to only give this place 2 stars (see below) but because this place was not dumpy like other Chinese restaurants and actually was clean and comfortable, this was part of the reason why I raised my rating. It reminded me of when I was a kid in 80s and would go to Steak & Ale with my family. It was very dark inside, which I love when it's 110 degrees outside, with dark furniture and windows you can see out of, unlike other Chinese places where they have to keep their windows shaded or blocked out for some odd reason. But this place has nothing to hide. Upon entering it is nice to see a full bar and to be greeted right away. I believe this is a family restaurant, and you can see the pride in the way the place is kept up. It is super clean, not dusty or dingy, and the bathroom is immaculate. Nice touch, even though the sun had not set yet, was the placement of lit candles on EVERY table, and only a few were occupied. I also noticed a fireplace, which must be nice if they light it in the winter.FOOD: one word, BLAND! I just don't understand. From appetizer to entree, everything was missing either sweet, salt, or both. The fried wontons could have a used a lot more filling and the "sweet" orangey sauce was not even sweet. What?! The fried dumplings looked like they stuck to the pan, as they were slightly black and some were broken from when they tried to remove from the pan (probably not enough oil, or they walked away for too long). The familiar sauce that came with it was not salty enough so I just used soy sauce. The Kung Pao chicken was unlike any I've had before. Where were the red and green bell peppers? Missing. Where was the heat, even though it was in red to indicate spicy on the menu? Missing. It was just chicken, lots of green onion bottoms, peanuts, and those whole red chiles no one eats but is supposed to add heat. The sesame chicken, usually with a very sweet sauce, was not. The chicken was okay, but slightly overcooked, noticeable by the very dark brown fried coating. I didn't like the tangerine beef: when you have any meat sliced thin, hello, it must be cooked no more than a minute or two or tough, as it was in this case. Think beef jerky. I noticed that the restaurant kept filling up with old people and I thought that maybe a nursing home was nearby, but then it dawned on me; they like bland food so this place was like their mother ship!SERVICE: This also led me to raise a star as the service was stellar. More than a few people from a couple waitresses to several bussers, took great care of us. They even wrapped the pancakes for our mu shu pork dish for us. Everyone is so friendly and served with a smile, I so want this place to succeed. Yes, you are in Phoenix and the pickings are slim for the traditional, Americanized, Chinese restaurant that serves the freshest and tastiest food. Add some fresh spice, honey, turbinado sugar, fish sauce, whatever!, just turn it up a notch and watch those cooking temps (don't forget fresh meat and frying oil) and you'll have a winner. Add then add home delivery and you'll corner the market. In the meantime, I have found my current benchmark, Chou's Kitchen in Chandler, and I will have to trek it out there when I want the best, until I find something better.
2	I read the awesome reviews on this site, therefore my expectations were high. After all, Phoenix is plagued with AWFUL Chinese restaurants. Our entire dinner was bland. The sauce that accompanied the Fried Wontons was insipid and flavorless. Red, thick sauce should be sweet. This was not. Unimpressed. The pot stickers were ok, but nothing special enough to write home about.I was leery about ordering the Tangerine Beef, because I had a rancid dish of the same name from a different Chinese restaurant a couple years ago. Thought I'd give it a go. Bland. Beef pounded into oblivion smothered with a sauce so faint that it cried for flavor. The Sesame Chicken, bland as well, was overcooked and nowhere near as sweet as one should like.The Kung Pao Chicken was the least amusing dish of all. No flavor, no heat, and no veggies. The Mu Shu Pork was ok, but the plum sauce was, again, bland!Now, the cleanliness and presentation of the restaurant was in face phenomenal. Very clean and the lit candles on the tables were a very nice touch.The service was legendary. Very chipper, friendly, and at times amusing. There was an older lady whose job apparently was to take dirty dishes from the tables and only says "thank you!" when she does anything near you.I noticed that a great many of the diners were very elderly. Is there a retirement village nearby? Do you not realize that the elderly LOVE buffets and bland food? This restaurant was full of both, and I think it was the army of elderly people with diminishing taste buds who wrote all those glowing reviews.I understand that people have varying opinions and tastes, but come on! Raise your standards and start asking yourself if the food you are tasting really deserves FOUR or FIVE stars? Fail.
5	My first time there and the food was good!  We weren't super hungry so we just had an order of pepper beef, brown rice and bbq pork chow mein.Everything tasty but the chow mein was above average!  I expected a sauce noodle dish or a thicker lomein type dish because that's what it usually is in most Chinese restaurants... but here it is the very thin noodles and they are fried, with huge portions of pork and veggies spooned over it so the noodles soak up just enough without making them soggy.It's almost cliche to order pork chow mein when you go out to Chinese food, but here it's worth it.  I'll revisit them when I'm more hungry and try some other things!
4	I am always up to try new Chinese places but most of times I have been disappointed.  My friend invited me to lunch and said this place was one of the best and despite the 118 Degree weather outside, this place was great.  We ordered fried wontons which were cooked to perfection, the crispiness of the chips was like nothing I had before.  The sauces and ingredients were above par too.  I ordered my usual sesame chicken and was blown away by  such a great dish.  The fried rice was not as impressive and might have just kept the visit from being perfect.  Definitely looking forward to their takeout soon!
4	This little restaurant is off the beaten path and worth going to!  In my opinion, it is the best American Chinese food in the Valley.  Great friendly service and the food is fantastic.  Tthe best beef & broccoli EVER with a fantastic satiny sauce.  The regular (not spicy) chicken with vegetables and the sesame chicken are also wonderful.  We iwll be back.
3	I still haven't found my "go-to" Chinese food place in Phoenix, but this place is pretty solid.Came here during that weird time between lunch and dinner, and was seated with a stunning view of a dead tree in a tiny walled in area. Weird. Despite that, the service was good and the wait time was fair. Everything came out fresh.We shared two chicken dishes and veggie chow mein, all of which I would order again. I like that they give the option to add vegetables to any dish, so I don't feel lso guilty about eating fried food in sauce.A fine option for take-away night.
1	My mom and I recently started on a quest for the best po po platter in Phoenix. So naturally we ended up here. With the amazing reviews and extremely high prices I was ready to be impressed. I was not. In fact, this was what my mom called "the worst American Chinese food I've had in my life". The food was bland and greasy, to the point where we felt so bad that we took the majority of our overpriced entrees to our house just to throw it out. The po po platter (which they called a Bo Bo platter?) was dry and the plum sauce accompanying it was watery. My sweet and sour chicken, was tough and cold. The meat, not covered in what would be a sweet red sauce, was snow White. My mothers 'Desert Jade Shrimp' was, as she said, "only covered in butter". The only two good things in this restaurant  was the Mai Tais and the service. I was appalled by this meal. It was not worth the trip.
5	This is the best American Chinese food we have had in the valley. Anytime we want great Chinese food, we drive here. It's out of the way but we'll worth the drive. Today I ordered the Peking Pork & House fried rice. My GF had the sweet & sour chicken. Each dish was amazing and worth adding to your next dining experience. The service is always exceptional. This is our favorite place for American Chinese food.
5	Hot and sour soup is amazing!! I have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. The food and service is excellent!!!!
4	A great place to get some American Chinese food. This is the best I've found in the valley. I usually order the house chow mein (get ready for some serious broccoli action!) and the peking pork; I am planning on being adventurous and trying spicy next time, since the medium is fairly mild. The service is super fast, and I always go home with leftovers. Their lunch specials are perfectly priced and the portions? Well, they're perfect, too. Get ready to be happy and full. Dinner is a little pricey, so I gave them 4 stars.
4	I really like their food portions are a little small. My favorites are hong Kong steak, Singapore noodles chicken lettuce wrap
4	Delicious Food, Wonderful Service  I recently went to Desert Jade for lunch and was welcomed with a friendly smile when I walked in the restaurant. I was seated almost immediately and greeted by my server with water and a smile. Everything was tasty and plentiful. The Mongolian beef was particularly good.  The Mongolian beef is delicately sliced, very lean, flavorful, and melts in your mouth. My fellow "yelpers" this is Mongolian beef perfection. I couldn't find a single flaw, I just couldn't and now my mouth is watering.Desert Jade has very affordable prices and the portions are great.  The staff is incredibly nice, friendly, gracious and accommodating and the service is second to none. In addition, Desert Jade offers terrific lunch and dinner specials. Overall I was really happy with the quality, quantity, and the service that was given to me!
5	We get take out here all the time! Great food and delightful service! The woman taking the card grabbed all the boxes of food and carried them out to the car for me too. Highly recommend.
4	Ate here for the first time about 2 weeks ago.  I had the Mongolian beef and it was delicious.  We ate there close to closing time so there weren't too many people there.  However the people that did come were mostly Asians.  I'm not trying to sound racial or anything but if you have people of your own ethnicity coming to your restaurant to eat then you know it's got to be good! Delicious food and excellent service!
1	I cannot in good faith recommend this restaurant.   This is definitely the low end of Chinese food for Phoenix.   Normally I'd try a place more than once, but, in this case... Not going to happen.
5	Loved the atmosphere.  Favorite thing lightly battered asparagus, but everything was delicious.  Very friendly staff.  Will return again and again.
5	The best Chinese in town !!! I have been going here since I can remember. The food always tastes the same and friendly staff. They have the best Sizzling Rice Soup and Sesame Chicken!
4	If you're craving Chinese (or good food for that matter), check out Desert Jade. I came here on my lunch hour. Service was attentive and food came out really fast. The crowd starting really coming in at noon so I just missed it by coming in a little after 11AM. I ordered the lunch portion of the chicken broccoli, which also came with a scoop or rice and an egg roll. Hot tea is also available at each table. I really enjoyed the food and my experience. I will be back!
4	We started with hot and sour soup , title had a nice and hearty broth but too much vinegar.next we had chicken lettuce wrap their was eight pieces and  had a salty and tangy  and crisp .next was Hong Kong steak which is  sweet honey flavor this is their best dish.servive was fast and they pay attention to their guests
5	This place is fantastic. Desert Jade Chow mein with pan fried noodles is my fav. Excellent service as well. Can't find many places like this out here.
4	Was a little leery about trying Desert Jade for dinner last night. The building on the outside looks old and the half lit sign was not inspiring confidence, but I have been craving Chinese and my hubby and I always go past it it and stare curiously.Lets be clear here, this is NOT an authentic, or anywhere close Chinese restaurant. This is a good old fashioned American Chinese joint, keeping that in mind we tried the Sweet and Sour Pork, Singapore Rice Noodles and Sauteed Shrimp.The food came out FAST, I mean in 10 minutes after ordering we had our first dish on the table. It was hot and fresh, no rewarmed in the microwave junk. The pork was lovely, big chunks of tender battered pork in that great artificial red sauce which was tangy with just the right amount of sweet. The pork was accompanied by nice sized chunks of pineapple and green peppers that still had some crunch, not cooked to oblivion.The Singapore Rice Noodles came in a huge portion, probably enough to feed 4 people. Perfectly done thin rice noodles with lots of shrimp and pork tossed together with a wonderful curry sauce. Not at all greasy or over sauced. We took more than half of the dish home for delicious leftovers.The shrimp dish consisted of a good sized plate of very lightly battered shrimp sauteed with chili peppers and large cut green onions. It looks deceivingly simple but has wonderful flavor much light salt and pepper shrimp but with much less mess as they don't need to be peeled. The server asked us how hot we wanted the dish so we went with a 5/10, we ended up with a nice blend of flavor and heat that was a gentle medium for us. The service was fast and friendly, the restaurant itself is very clean, it looks like it recently got a new coat of paint. Overall for the price the food is quite a good deal.Oh yes in response to another Yelpers review in where he noted all the elderly in the restaurant and wondered if there was a retirement home in the area. Yes there are like 3 of them in very close proximity!
4	My first thought: This is expensive for American - Chinese food. My second thought: Who cares? Like many of the people on Yelp I am picky about pricing. This place, as noted, is a two dollar sign, but it is exactly that distinction that sets it apart from other restaurants like this. Like Mexican restaurants in the area, there are roughly four thousand places you could get American Chinese cuisine. They range in price and this is probably the high end as far as this type of cuisine goes, but the tangerine chicken will make you forget about the eleven bucks that it costs. This place was a nice reminder that spending an extra four bucks for your meal is usually worth it, especially when you are going to take to the Internet to tell others about it. Also the egg rolls was mad crispy.
5	Family of 4 dinning. Food is really good. The crab puffs are really weak, though. Other than that the couple of times we have been here the food is always good.
5	I love this place! Great Hot & Sour soup, excellent fried wontons and the staff is so nice. My boyfriend and I get take out from here all the time and the front lady is always very welcoming.
5	They're back! I have been a few times in the last few months and must say that Desert Jade is back to 5 stars in terms of food quality. The pan fried noodles are perfectly crispy and delicious. The sizzling rice soup (my new fave item) is flavorful and the veggies in it taste fresh. They still have the husband's favorite sweet and sour chicken (made with chicken that is fried and then sliced... that makes all the difference). The service is still great, in fact, we have been coming to Desert Jade for almost 10 years now and many of the staff members are the same, which is very cool. On top of that, they remember you, have personal conversations with you, and remember your order. You really can't beat the service. Additionally, the food never takes more than 15 minutes to come out. Other notable dishes are the pot stickers (made in house, not my fave in town, but a good solid effort), the spicy red sauce (yummm), and the lettuce wraps. Definitely check them out!PS They still provide hot tea to the table, a nice touch, but they stopped the almond cookies.... this is sort of heartbreaking... bring back the almond cookies pleeease!!!
5	Here is the deal, I love Chinese food.  I love it so much that I try to check out newer or older places in the hopes that they are the good stuff... the real deal... the place you think of when you crave Chinese even if you aren't close.  This is that place for me.  Every single thing I have ordered here has been fantastic.  I have been here many many times but just getting around to reviewing it.  In fact Ive been coming here before I even knew I was coming here.  Let me explain:When I was wee tike and living in Michigan I came to visit my grandparents once a year in Scottsdale.  My grandfather used to take us to this Chinese restaurant because it was his favorite.   For at least two decades after he passed my mother and I scoured the valley because we could not remember the name or area it was in.  It wasn't until recently that I raved about this place and took my parents here that my mother gasped, for she remembered every detail about it.  Lo and behold it was Desert Jade.  Not only my grandfathers favorite Chinese joint in the entire valley but mine as well.  Desert Jade is legitimate.  They care about their customers and have been around for decades in a small place that is not particularly easy to park in.  Yet its always packed and for very good reason.  I love you Desert Jade and will continue to eat here every opportunity I can.  Thanks for the memories.
5	Holy general Tso's ghost. How did I not discover this place before? So I was in my office and had a wicked craving for Chinese food. But the only place I knew of was Panda Express on 40th and Thomas... I'd rather eat my shoe with siracha than that panda. So I turned to the break room to see what fliers or menus were posted on the cork board... And Lo an behold ... Desert Jade. It was not far at all doe my office and said what the hell I'll try it out. Drove over and liked that it was quiet and quaint. Not to over the top with typical Chinese restaurant decor... I couldn't find any Buddha statues or that annoying waving cat that you can't help but poke it's paw. It was very relaxed and cozy. Immediately they brought out water and hot tea... The hot tea by itself with no sugar is awsome. Not sure what kind of tea it is, green maybe or ginger, don't know don't care, it was good. The lunch menu is very inexpensive and very plentiful portions. I ordered the sweet and sour pork with fried rice. It was very rich in flavor for a classic lunch time go to. The fried rice was simple and didn't have crazy extras like bamboo shoots or bean sprouts. Two hearty scoops of fried rice and an egg roll plus my swee and sowa pohkk ... Great food and very hearty portions and left with a bill less than $10 with tip. Can't get that at panda, and unlike Panda, it didn't do the express blowout 30 minutes later in the office bathroom. Great little place hidden off indian school. Will definitely be going back.
4	This is our go-to "quickie Chinese" food for lunch.  You can order and have great food in less than 5 minutes during the work week and the lunch menu is pretty inexpensive.  Beef & Broccoli, Sweet & Sour Chicken, and Tangerine beef are all great!
4	I order take out every time,. Always polite and order is to my liking. I love some Pepper Steak and theirs remind me of the one from a favorite of mine from Chicago restaurant.  I definitely recommend this place for good Chinese.
1	Seriously, where's the flavor?  I went there for the first time yesterday and, based on previous review,s I was expecting something wonderful.  NOT!  First, I ordered wor wonton soup.  I had to add so much salt to get any flavor out of the broth.  Yes, there were plenty of vegetables and shrimp, but nothing had any flavor.  The "wontons" were more like gnocchi.  Then came my chicken chow mein.  More bean sprouts than chicken and, again, needed so much salt.  UGH!  Needless to say I'll continue my search throughout the Valley for excellent Chinese food.
5	Great!  Our favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  Staff is extremely courteous.  Try the jade chow mien and salt and pepper pork.
1	It was the worst Chinese food I have ever had. I had the spicy beef with vegetables and my son had the Singapore noodles. My sauce was missing flavor as equally my veggies and beef were bland. Hospital food is better. The rice was cooked with too much water so it was mushy, so when I told the server he said he would get rice from a different pot. That means they have two types of rice and they serve the lowest quality first. The second bowl he brought was medium grade long grain rice. Don't eat here!
1	Over all, I will not be going back. The best apart of the whole dinner was that the entire staff was very kind, and friendly. But NOTHING else would bring me back. The prices are too high, since the food was NOT good. If the prices were lower, I would consider the old "Well you get what you pay for!" saying, but I paid $6 for a small bowl of egg drop soup, and it was very watered down and needed seasoning. Then I paid $11 for some chicken chow mien, it was ok, but the chicken was either old, or stringy (or something, it wasn't very good). The restraunt itself was clean, but freezing. I think they had the ac on.... but since the evenings lately have been in the 30's* everyone was already cold. I looked around and everyone was eating with there jackets, sweaters and hats still on. I was wearing my sweater & scarf! My waiter was a very nice guy, but over all, the food was sub par, and over priced, while the dinning room was uncomfortably cold.I could go on but I hate that my review is this negative already, since I think they really are good people.
