4	I'm a fan of Cafe Rio. Whenever I'm in the mood for some gringo-fied Mexican fast food this is my restaurant of choice. It's far superior to Chipotle, Baja Fresh, and the rest of the fast food joints in the same space. This location just opened up a few weeks ago in the same strip mall as Golden Spoon, Panda Express, and Albertson's off of Blue Diamond.The food taste pretty much the same as other locations. Their pork does tend to be on the sweet side, so if that's a turn off for you you're going to hate all of their pork dishes. Tuesday's are my favorite days to come here because their coconut shrimp tacos w/ mango sauce are delicious! The staff here is great. Don't be surprised if the guys in the back break out into a song and dance routine as you're ordering or eating. It makes for an entertaining and amusing experience.
5	Cafe Rio gets 5 stars from me! I ordered the 'award winning' barbacoa salad (***be sure to order this with the Tomatillo dressing!) Let me start of by saying I'm not normally a fan of barbacoa but everyone kept telling me how great theirs was and I've got to say it was the best, most filling, flavorful salad I've had in a LONG time. They also create the salad on top of a fresh, warm, flour tortilla so that when you're finished eating the leafy portion of the salad so have a burrito to complete your meal. Aside from the delicious meal the prices were very reasonable, the portions were perfect, and the staff was comedic, friendly, and delightful to be around. I will definately be visiting Cafe Rio again.
1	Average americanized mexican at a high price.  Go to Faustos or Robertos instead..
4	I have to start with the playlist in this joint --  beyond impressed!  Every song was alternative favorite of mine; and I am hard pressed to find a place that plays literally one after another of every great alternative song that I love. But more on that in a minute....Mexican Grill that serves up fresh Mexican fare in the form of burritos, enchiladas, salads and quesadillas.  Had the Pork Barbacoa Burrito and it was excellent!  The pork is on the sweeter side, really fresh and slow cooked in a yummy savory sauce.  Love this rendition so much better than the spicy stuff they serve at Chipotle.  Actually, I would probably choose this place over Chipotle -- the food is just as fresh and has more flavor, and they don't just cake the toppings on.  The staff is awesome too!  They sing and dance and provide a convivial and friendly atmosphere for the patrons.  And did I mention the best part -- the playlist!  This place has a better playlist than most bars and restaurants I've been in -- some Weezer, Everclear, Blink 182, among others alternative favorties, and to top it off -- wait for it -- Journey's Don't Stop Believing! I'm sold on.
4	CR is a fresh upgrade to the Chipotle chain experience.  Fresh ingredients and dancing cooks provide for a festive meal.  Highlight: steak salad with vinaigrette.
5	Love this place, Always a pleasure going in. I love how everything is freshly made to order as you're in line. The queso and chips might be straight from heaven.  I took two of my buddies to cafe rio for their first trip (they're from back home) and they destroyed a couple burritos and raved about the flavor. Enchilada style is the way to go
5	I owe it to Cafe Rio to write a review!  Hands down the best pseudo fast food mexican food in  Las Vegas!  It is far better then Chipotle, Baja Fresh, or Roberto's combined!  Everything on the menu is amazing- although the serve huge portions so be sure to head there with an appetite!  The best  on the menu in my opinion is the salad- I am a chicken fan but the pork is excellent as well.  Even the tortilla soup is amazing (if you are looking for something on the lighter side!)  The staff is pretty comical as well- they sing and chant to the first time customers and to the patrons that have earned a free meal with their "frequent eater card".  I heart Cafe Rio!!!!
4	My friend suggested we go to Cafe Rio instead of the sushi joint we had planned for late lunch/early dinner.   I'm so glad we went here instead because  I would never have discovered this place that offers some seriously BOMB (as in good!) mexican food.  Their portions are humongous so my friend and I decided to split our orders.  He got the Pork Barbacoa Burrito and I got the Grilled Fire Steak Salad.  The Pork Barbacoa is heaven!  Wow!  Sooo freakin good! So good, I almost wished I got that instead of the salad but I digress.  The salad was delicious as well but next time I'll stick to the Pork Barbacoa.
5	My mom suggested this place after church on Sunday. She said it was like Chipotle but WAAAAAAYYYY better. Seeing how I wasn't a fan of that style of restaurant I was hesitant to go...but hey...it was free (mom was buying) and it didn't break my no eating out challenge (again...mom was buying). We roll in...monkeys in tow...and notice how festive and colorful this place was. Very nice for kids. I ordered one of each of the special tacos (mahi-mahi and spicy crispy shrimp), rice and beans, and a drink. We also shared the chips and queso. Holy cow! The tacos had fresh made tortillas, creamy tomatillo dressing (think tomatillo ranch), huge pieces of cilantro and generous portions of meat. The drink bar was amazing. Not only did they have Diet Dr. Pepper and orange soda (my favorite)....they have fresh mint limeade! It was so freaking tasty. My kids had 2 cups each (and lots of potty trips after). I pounded down my food like it was my last meal (super lady like). It was like Heaven and I now am a fan of the designer burrito concept again. Thank you Cafe Rio. PS: Don't tell them its your first time eating there...they will break out into song.
4	I am torn now, because I LOVE Qdoba, but the Pork here is unreal and the drink bar is great! One more in love visit and they will get 5 stars and replace Qdoba.
4	First off, whats not to like?  Everything here is top notch.  The tortillas are freshly made, the service is refreshingly amazing and the food is awesome.  I have been to this cafe rio many a times and it always exceeds my expectations.  thats what it comes down to for me with service.... if you go to a place and they fail to meet your expectations or just barely meet them, you have to find somewhere new... but the freshness of the food and everything that goes into their preparation, you have to keep going back time and time again.  I would trust any cafe rio would do this for you...   proceed feeling assured that you are in good hands.
3	Stopped by today for lunch after a few recommendations from friends. Decided to go with the 'award winning' Pork Barbacoa burrito, which while delicious, quickly fell apart in my hands leaving their sauce everywhere and causing me to have to get a knife/fork to finish it. The restaurant has a very similar ordering/seating arrangement to Chipotle/Qdoba. I was very pleased with the serving size compared to a similar meal at Chipotle, and with it being rather close to home, I'll be sure to stop by and try some other dishes (hopefully ones that don't fall apart after 2 bites).
4	much better than chipotle
5	Always wonderful! Friendly staff and great, fresh food. It is on the noisy side thought, but what do you expect for a family friendly resturaunt? The food is consistant at every location which is a plus as well. Never had a bad meal. Tamala Thursday is amazing! I am not a huge fan of their pork barbacoa, but I think it is either a love it or hate it type thing. I do love thier fire grilled chicken and highly suggest it. Their house dressing for their salads is amazing! I'd suggest to anyone for a quick bite to eat.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!!! by far the best of all of the places such as this.  I have never had a bad meal.  the queso dip is the best I have ever had!  And the fact you get to custom build everything on the menu to your liking is wonderful (especially since Im pregos lol)  The staff is always friendly and smiling.  There hasn't been a time yet that I go there and it is slow, that says something!  The pork nachos are one of the best things!! I recommend sharing them!!  My BF and I usually get two things and share them, that way you get the best of both worlds!!!!
2	I've had better mexican food than this. Tried this place out today b/c my co-worker suggested it, and i was a bit disappointed. It was not busy, yet I felt rushed and confused as to why the lettuce and salsa was on the side instead of in the burrito. On top of that they charge extra for sour cream. I honestly felt the food wasn't that great at all. Chipotle taste way better. Even Roberto's is better food. This is like fake Mexican food. Maybe it was the location? but we will not be coming back to have dinner at  this place again.
4	In the past chipolte was my go to spot for a quick lunch, but after discovering Cafe Rio I have changed my alliances.  This place is fantastic.  The chips & queso are outstanding and the sweet pork is out of this world.  I highly recommend this place.
4	Wow these burritos taste great! Over all a fun atmosphere. Place is colorful and clean.
5	Consistent quality, high quality, acceptable price, great flavors, stable crew, always clean. What is not to like about this place?Get a loyalty rewards card punched every time you eat here, you get a free meal after 10 paid meals and all the employees do a chant to celebrate B-) Really, what's not to like here?
4	What is sweet, tender, and makes your stomach feel good to the bone? Yup its the pork barbacoa at Cafe Rio. Whether it be in a taco, salad, enchilada, burrito, or nacho you really cant go wrong. Flavor explosion everywhere. PERIOD!
4	Cafe Rio is my new favorite place to eat....with a location close by work I probably stop in here at least once a week. Fresh made tortillas, corn/flour/wheat...yum! My absolute favorite are the chicken tacos on corn tortilla. They make everything right in front of you and you get to choose and pick what you want. Generally I just get it with cheese, pico and lettuce and a side of rice. The shredded chicken is sooooooo tasty and moist. Service is great, they have these lil chants if you are a first timer, if you want extra cheese, etc. Their frequent stamp card definitely motivates me to come back. and I will be back. YUM!
4	We loved this place.  It was close to where we were staying and we stopped by because of Yelp comments.  We were not disappointed!I loved the salmon tacos and had to go back before we left Vegas to have more.  Can't remember what my husband had but he really enjoyed it as well.
5	for the price this mexican food is fast and on point
1	Absolutely bewildered at the high ratings for these places across the valley. Wife and I decided to pick up some food from the Blue Diamond location because our new favourite for "quick and honest" Mexican fare, Phat Phranks, is closed on weekends.As I watched them build my burritos my heart sank and I knew I wasn't going to be in for a pleasant experience. The meat was wet, beans were swimming in goo and the tortillas split from the wetness as they wrapped it. My wife's bean and cheese burrito was even worse - 48.5% rice, 48.5% wet beans, 1% of a tiny sprinkle of cheese.When we went to eat our meals the burritos were predictably soggy, vaguely unpleasant tasting -- revolting beans -- and generally yucky. I found it just edible and would rate the place 1 and a half stars overall, rounding down because it's a bit overpriced and I just didn't enjoy the taste.
5	Best fast mexican food ever. High quality, great taste, decent prices, nice crew. Note, the medium sauce on the enchiladas is a tad bit sweet, I go for the hot sauce which isnt very hot.
5	OMG!  After months of driving past Cafe Rio without stopping, we finally stopped in and ate.  Wish we had done it sooner!  Fresh wonderful food!  We went back two days in a row.Fresh food, clean premises, great tastes!Cross between fast food and traditional Mexican restaurant, but wonderful.  To bad they don't have a bar on premises.We give them 5 stars all the way!
5	I have been going to Cafe Rio for a couple of years now and have never been dissapointed. I typically get the Pork Barbacoa burrito and have to say that is the best burrito of that style I have ever had. The price is a little on the high end for a burrito, but you won't have to eat for the rest of the day, the burritos are that big. The staff is friendly and the food is fresh. What more can you ask for.
1	Didn't like it. Reminded me of eating at Disneyland, overpriced and mediocre food. $4.75 for a single steak taco with barely any meat. An order of chips and guacamole is a cup filled halfway with guacamole then covered with salsa and cheese to fill the container to the top. $4.50 for that is a joke. If I order guac I want a cup of guac not some other stuff thrown on top to try and make me feel like I got a full cup of guac!! I won't be returning. I can get a better meal for my money elsewhere.
4	Barbacoa. Amazing Pork Barbacoa.The Good: The salads turn into giant glorious burritos. Everything is made in front of you so you can adjust what and how much of it is put into your food. Tortillas made right in front of your face. Every 10th meal free! Free Food for kids. The Tomatillo ranch is exquisite! The first time my brain ever said "Google this shit and see if we can make it home.". So yes, it's good for it's "just above fast food" demographic. Caveat: I don't know what anything else tastes like because I keep just ordering the Barbacoa Salad with extra Barbacoa. I have no plans to change my order. If you had said salad you wouldn't either.The bad: This one is stingy with the meat compared to the one on eastern. Also the whole restaurant doesn't need to know I want extra meat. Whoever thought it was a good idea to yell these things is a moron.Me gusta.
5	Better then chipotle anyday!!
4	Let me just say the 4 stars is for the pork barbacoa. It is amazing. The service on the other hand is not so great. The employees are just rude and don't even offer a smile so it makes me really not want to go back. And they are pretty Skimpy on the meat. Oh and the sour cream and guacamole that they offer you are not free so don't fall for it. I will definitely be back for the pork but I might try another location!
3	This rating should have been 5 stars, unfortunately over the past year or so since they have opened, I've slowly watched the service go down the drain, the food gets five stars but the people making it get one star. The only person who seems to always be on the ball is the cashier. Be prepared to have to explain multiple times what you want in your meal, and then watch them to make sure they do it right. Also if you order the taco special, I've been asked multiple times how many tacos I want ( the menu options are a one taco meal or a two taco meal...) but when I ask the guy behind the counter how many it comes with he said as many as I wanted and refused to give the correct answer even after insisting to know how many the meal CAME with. I've asked him this on three separate visits  ( same guy) to see if he will give the right answer and I always get the same answer. Its a good thing their food and drinks are great because it is a pain to have to supervise your own order being made!
5	True fact. Since I discovered Cafe Rio, probably 95% of the burritos I've eaten have come from here.They make Mission-style burritos here, with savory beans, cilantro lime rice (that is inexplicably beige), sauce and cheese on the inside along with your meat of choice, and lettuce and pico next to it in an aluminum tray. I almost always get the shredded, braised chicken and the hot red sauce. Unlike Chipotle's rubbery, greasy meat, the chicken and roast chile beef here are flavorful without overpowering the other flavors in the burrito. The aroma of the red sauce is intoxicating.They run the burritos through a conveyor oven and then add veggies - a "why didn't anyone think of it sooner" innovation that keeps hot stuff hot and cold stuff cold. Hey, remember the McDLT? Nah, me neither.Though the salsa fresca served here isn't anything special, their "wall of flame" covered in hot sauces is a great way to add heat and flavor.Honestly? The best part of this burrito is the tortilla. Made fresh moments before you order, it's dense and mild and almost more reminiscent of a naan in some bites.Service is generally very good here, and the staff definitely seems to have a cordial rapport with their guests. Some of the quirky chants I could do without, but it makes the place livelier than your usual burrito assembly line.Me gusta.
4	Randomly decided to stop in yesterday afternoon...I'm so glad I did!  I ordered the pork nachos with black beans and queso..they were SO yummy.  The portions are ridiculously huge, so I took the rest home and ate it for breakfast (weird eating pork nachos for breakfast, I know).  The service was very fast and friendly and they even sang a festive little nacho song.  I'll definitely come back!
5	I love Cafe Rio! It's a local Las Vegas restaurant. I always take my friends and family from Cali to Cafe Rio because it's fresh and delicious! I tend to get the pork barbacoa salad. It's one of their specialties. There is a special everyday so just look outside the door since it's always posted. Everything here is great! Highly recommended to those who have never been. It's fresh, tasty and quality food!
1	Went there for lunch yesterday with my brother and sister in law who recommended this place. Ordered the chicken nachos and thought it would be good but I knew something was wrong when i got to the checkout and their register froze. Needless to say, it took them some time to correct it and my food grew cold even after i told them this would happen. Not even an apology or acknowledgement of my issue. Well, it came to fruition and when i finally sat down, my food was cold, the chicken was dry and just not very enjoyable and my brother had it worse as he was behind me in line. Would not recommend to anyone and the worst part was that the cashier said this was a common occurrence.
1	Something fell apart here on July 2nd at 8:30p.While in line, I ordered a fire grilled chicken burrito. The woman tried forcing the other chicken option when I protested she said it'd be 20 minutes for fire grilled chicken. How does that happen? Throwing up my arms- I decided to wait it out. To my left a woman ordered two tacos and was very specific about her order being separated. They botched that. Combining the tacos with one side of salad and rice. Since It turned into a huge line - I went to the checkout and use my full frequent customer card. Instead of checking me out I had to wait 10 minutes with two other livid customers. One of which had been waiting some time for napkins to be refilled and another fuming that he didn't get his desert for his son. What a mess. Needless to say, I paid and picked up my disaster of a burrito - over-packed with fire-grilled chicken and ripped in 3 places. Except they were convinced I hadn't paid yet. Had to present my receipt for that. With their kitschy slogan  "every meal a masterpiece" this was a charlatan's Jackson Pollock. Won't be back.
5	On July 11th, I had my first Cafe Rio experience. Holly crap, I cannot believe what I was missing. I had no real clue what to get so I chose the award winning sweet pork barbacoa and had it in a quesadilla. Honest to goodness it was nearly orgasmic it was so good. By far the best tasting pork I have ever eaten in my 43 years. Cafe Rio has a new loyal fan. In addition, the fresh tortillas were out of this world as well. Over the weekend I brought some home for my wife to try who loved it just as much.  Wow.  This place is food gold.  Awesome.  If you have not been, you have to go!
4	one of my favorite new spots! barbacoa salad is delicious and the tortiallas are homemade! yummy tres leches cake too!
4	Friday night special with the sweet pork is our favorite.Feels like an assembly line sometimes but the food is great.
5	Too lazy to go anywhere nice. We decided to give this a try. It's like Chipotle only way better. I had grilled steak salad and it was fantastic. It came in a tortilla bowl, which normally I would never eat. But it was baked and not fried. Delicious and fresh! Picky husband had a chicken burrito and I was scared he was going to eat the pan. Amazingly, everyone working there was a good actor or actually enjoys their job. The only negative was I hate seeing all those tinfoil pans going in the trash. They should get real pie pans and wash them. On my wish list I wish they had margaritas.
4	Cafe Rio is everywhere in the valley.  Place is known for their Pork Barbacoa, but I don't prefer pork so I couldn't start my review on how great that was.  What I can comment on..-Nachos:  Missing San Diego, I had them create nachos with just sour cream, double chicken, and cheese.  I have to say, one of the best 2000 calories i consumed in one time in a along time.-Burritos:  Kept it simple again.  Just the chicken and rice.  I'm not really into the messy wet burritio so I had them just add a small amount.  Portions are huge and the meals are delicious.  Service is a quick cafeteria/assembly line type ordering. I like it.  At least you can see exactly how your food is being prepared. TIP:  Get your side sauces before you pay or while you are ordering.  They never ask if you need any and there isn't any in the condiment area or tables.
5	Great food for the price.   Love that children under 6 get a free quesadilla when you purchase a meal and eat at the restaurant.  Love their salads.  My favorite thing is the Stevia sweetened Strawberry Lemonade.  I haven't been anywhere with stevia sweetened drinks on tap.  Super yummy and no sugar.  Gets super busy here during peak lunch and dinner time.
1	Can somebody please explain to me who it was, exactly, that effectively killed proper customer service?Tonight, my sister and I went to this location to pick up dinner.  I ordered two of the chicken tacos and she just wanted two orders of the flour tortillas to make her own items when we got home.  The guy behind the counter, wrapped up two rolls of two tortillas each and then urged us further down the line to finish our order.We got to the end, behind one other patron, and the cashier grabbed one of our tortilla wraps and placed it on their tray.  My sister spoke up behind her that she had just given some of our order to the people ahead of us and the cashier snapped that there were others tortillas already rolled up at the previous station.  My sister and I looked through the window/sneeze-guard and noticed two other orders of tortillas that had been there for a while.  Uh, no.  I did not just order fresh food that I intend to pay for, to get somebody else's food that was left for who knows how long.So, my sister reiterated that the wrap on the tray was ours and the cashier snatched them up and snapped loudly..."oh my god, they're all tortillas."  Again, I ask...what the heck has happened to customer service?!I snapped at the cashier to calm down and the manager asked if something had just occured to which the cashier told her that nothing had happend.  So, when we got to the front of the line and the same cashier asked if we needed anything else, I asked to speak with the manager.  With an eyeroll, the cashier pointed to the woman next to her.I told the manager that I didn't appreciate what her cashier had snapped and the cashier chose that moment to interrupt with..."I wasn't even talking to you!"  I snapped back and informed her and the manager that if she wanted to be rude and snap about customers, then she should work in a closed environment, rather than the open one where all food preparation can be seen and all sarcastic and nasty comments can be heard.Once again (as it feels has become my motto lately) I will not be back to this location.  I can handle being given the wrong order, we all make mistakes, but to blatantly treat paying customers in this manner is not only ridiculous but unacceptable!
1	I can honestly say that this place is horrible. I can not believe that there are 4 stars after our experience here. My friends and family wanted to go out to have a fun and cost effective meal for dinner and since this was one of our friends favorite places we decided to give it a shot. Wow, we were in for a surprise. We waited in a long line to finally get to the counter where we were rudely greeted with what do you want! Yep that's what she said we placed our order of 2 pork nachos and 1 pork salad and 1 grilled chicken salad. Then we were quickly rushed to the next rude lady that really pushed the customer service line to a new low she holds our salad and stares at us for about a minute and then says " ok so what is that you want I don't have all day" I couldn't believe itSince this was our first time visiting this place I didn't really know it was like a subway where you pick your toppings! Sorry we are rookies!! I tell her we will take everything on it then she glares at us and pretty much just slops everything on there and looks up and says ok now what kind of dressing. We say um what are our options? What happens next I could not even explain in words that will justify her actions. She snarled at us dropped our plate on the counter and grabbed the next one in line to ours which so happened to be our nachos!! She looks at the other customer in line and asks them " what do you want on the nachos" Her face was priceless when the dude told her that those are not his!! She looks back at us and realizing that the next four plates are ours!! Decides to then be somewhat helpful. We finally make it to the register and even the person ringing us up says sorry about that is there anything else I can help you with!! Overall it was a terrible experience and over priced food. I don't know how there pork won awards as in my opinion it wasn't all that great and the customer service made this place terrible. The nachos were ok, I have had better at taco bell! There signature salad plate is a great idea and wasn't terrible but poorly executed. I would never recommend this place and I can find a better place to spend $45 bucks for dinner.
5	I love the food here, especially the nachos and the salads. The line can be long and slow at times, but the food is worth the wait.
2	Awesome work on the tortillas but....Everything was so salty it almost burned. The worst thing was the verde sauce  or what is called their medium. It was unnaturally sweet?  I'm like what? By unnaturally sweet, I mean it was like their is sugar added to the sauce. Weird and not good. Guac good. Pico good.Everything else I tried was, well just OK.
4	I have been to this particular location several times and I have always left with a happy stomach and a smile. My favorite menu item is the SALAD with SWEET PORK BARBACOA. Serious drool action. Your "bowl" starts with a huge housemade flour tortilla and from there, you can go crazy. I usually ask for black beans, rice, romaine lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole, and the medium and hot salsas. Top that off with some fresh cillantro and cojita cheese, yum! Their dressings are even better and I ask for both options - Creamy Tomatillo and Cilantro Lime Vinagrette - so I can blend them together. SO GOOD. It is extremely filling and if you don't want a lot of carbs, you can control how much tortilla you eat (but, I must warn you that it's addictively good).Recently, I have been adopting a Vegan diet for health reasons and I was soo ecstatic to find out that Cafe Rio had Vegetarian/Vegan-friendly menu suggestions! So, on my most recent trip this month, I got the same salad that I love, except it came with an extra scoop of black beans, no cheese, and just the vinagrette (they'll actually offer you an extra scoop of rice as well, but I couldn't afford the extra carbs). But guess what? Still amazing and very satisfying!I don't have any opinions about their other menu items because, honestly, I haven't ordered anything else! However, that salad keeps bringing me back, so that's definitely saying something.
1	I generally dont write reviews on fast food type places because they tend to be the same, a-ok type food. This place was horrible though.Came here on a Sunday night at 8pm. Proceed to wait inline and order food. There was only 1 person in front of us yet it took forever to get our food! The burrito maker kid messed up the burrito for the person in front of us 2 times so he had to remake it over and over. Then when it came to my turn i ordered a grilled chicken burrito basic toppings. He places it in the conveyor heater and proceeds to finish the 1st customers order. My burrito goes through the conveyor and comes out and just sits there...what was the point of heating it up if it get cold sitting there?? Finally the customer in front finishes. I get my burrito and order a side of chips+salsa. Again i wait for the guy to go in the back to get more chips. So i finally sit down to eat my burrito. Its not good at all. Its not even hot. The chicken tastes like the Tyson brand frozen stuff you get at the supermarket. The rice had no flavor, it was basically a tasteless burrito. The only thing that was good was the salsa for the chips. I really didnt see the hype for this place. Chipotle is 10x better and the chicken taste like chicken! definitely would not eat here ever again. id rather get a hotdog from 7-11
5	I love chipotle, but when i ate at this place i could say its way better than chipotle, the Barbacoa Salad is dying for.. Now Ive been going back here since my friend introduced me to this place. Very neat , Clean and good service.. most of all its cheap and its good... I recommend this restaurant !!!!!
3	Does anyone know what happened to all the upbeat employees? I started going back after 6 months, and now its like the twilight zone in there. its like they sold the business and fired everyone, replacing them with miserable people who act like their working at McDonald's. What happened to everyone calling stuff out?
1	Don't like this place at all. I gave it a few tries and I came to the conclusion that this place is just horrible. Whenever I come in here, it seems so chaotic behind the counter that it seems like they rush you. I prefer Chipotle or Qdoba instead.
2	I am sorry but I prefer Neveda Cafe Rios the this Lakewood location. First off this Lakewood location doesnt have salmon tacos what a bummer and second I dont know what's up with the staff? They tend to be rude as if though this is their first time working customer service or they just dont care.  They lack management and it reflects on the poor service. I most likely will not come back the food isnt that great to endure rude service. They should really look into who they hire or whom ever is training cause someone isnt doing their job and it reflects..But onthe plus side they offer free child quesadilla for kids under 6. So yah to free stuff.....oh and they should make it a habit to refill their drinks when they are empty, been here three time and I swear the horchata and mint tea where empty....
3	It was taco Tuesday so I decided to try cafe rio. Being that it was my first time there I was asking some questions to the lady behind the counter. I was wondering what came on the tacos what was extra. The lady behind the counter looked at me like I had 3 heads glaring at me hardly answering back. She looked at me like I was her worst enemy. Other than that the food was good. I had the chicken tacos with guacamole. The guacamole was decent. They had a ton of different lemonades that looked really tasty. The food was decent and the portions are huge! One entree is enough to share. I enjoyed cafe rios food I will only go back there if I happen to be in the area. The food was good but the customer service was not so great!
5	Run, crawl, moonwalk....do whatever you need to do to frequent this glorious establishment. My mouth waters at the sheer thought of their pork barbacoa. It's so flavorful and perfectly prepared I rarely can convince myself to get anything else. When I'm a starving beast, I go for the burrito. When I feel like behaving myself, I grab some enchiladas, but honestly with their fresh ingredients and wide array of choices, I don't think a poor choice is possible. The man in my life loves the fire grilled steak tacos. Perhaps your first time around the ordering process may seem a bit stressful, there's a lot of cooks in the kitchen for sure. But once you get your favorites nailed down you'll be a pro! Pick certain items and you may even get a song (the nachos are most entertaining). They do have pick up with a dedicated register so if you can't handle the stress just call it in! There's usually a pretty decent wait at this location so this is a wise choice around dinner. Lots of drinks to choose from too, including my favorite the Mint Limeade. Refreshing and delish! The 5th star was a necessity as they also offer your choice of favorite hot sauce! Any place that provides more condiments than you know what to do with earns major bonus points in my book. Tapatio, cholula, YUM! Try it out, this location or any....I think you'll be very pleased!
4	Grilled Steak and Chicken Salad is the way to go!  This location is my favorite.  This place doesn't get crazy busy like the one on Eastern and has more parking.  Service is always great and the workers making the food always gives good portions.
5	Love this place and their food!  It does get stressful; however, when you're ordering because it seems they are pushing you along very quickly, but it's all worth it.  Large portions, and have loved everything I've tried, although the pork is a little too sweet for my taste.
5	I'm addicted! Didn't realize how good it was mmm
2	Ok Cafe Rio, I'm very disappointed with you. I eat or at least used to eat at Cafe Rio about 1-3 times per week. I can agree with some of the other reviews regarding customer service, but I always ignored it because they generally make my food correctly. Plus the food is good and portions are huge. Well, I recently took a break from dairy, which makes me very sad, but it is what it is. Considering I usually order the grilled chicken tostada with creamy Ranch type dressing I was pretty nervous that it wouldn't taste the same without dairy. My friend recommended I get avocado instead of sour cream. Great idea, right? So I order my salad, no rice, no cheese, no sour cream, no dressing. Oh wait can I sub avocado for the sour cream? Counter guy: doesn't answer, just puts it in my bowl. Ok. Great. I get to the checkout and the cashier tells me it will be $. 95 to add guacamole. So I ask her, even though I didn't get cheese, sour cream or dressing? She doesn't reply and just adds the extra to my total. Normally, I may have said something, but I'm so tired of having to argue or complain to receive appropriate customer service. I think I'll give my normal Cafe Rio another try (on Eastern) but if I get the same treatment I may just be over this place. Obviously they don't care about my business. It's frustrating because the amount of guacamole that you receive is paltry. I mean for a dollar I should at least get a full scoop. I used to rave about this place to anyone that would listen, but now I'll take my business to a place that can accommodate my dietary restrictions.
3	I think for a quick decent Mexican meal this is a good spot.  Not the kind of place you would go on a date but the food is good and the portions are good.  They make fresh tortillas right there and they're tasty.  I've had the enchiladas and the tacos here and they were good.  I think it is more of a lunch spot than dinner place but it depends on your mood I suppose.  They also have a great selection of hot sauces over by the soda machine so they are almost guaranteed to have what you like in that department.  I think next time I'll try the nachos because I am just a sucker for nachos!
4	First time here. A little confused how to order the meal, but I got the chicken burrito , it was very good! Love the fresh made tortilla... I will be back again for sure!!
2	I LOVE mexican food and was not Impressed at all. First off service was BAD and establishment was DIRTY. the burrito tastes pretty much like a soupy slop burrito , eww. The leche cake WAS GOOD tho. Other than that I'll stick with any other Mexican food place. Cuz this one is just not all that.
3	This was my first time eating here. I was a little confused on how to order. The signs aren't exactly clear. I had the steak nachos and they were pretty good. I brought my 4 yr old granddaughter and was very happy that I was able to order her a kids cheese quesadilla and it was free! I've had better mexican food but this was not too bad for a quick bite. Service was good.
5	Ok, I'm impressed.  I ordered a salad with lettuce, an unbelievable amount of well seasoned chicken breast, black beans, rice, cilantro and guacamole.  It came in a bowl, on top of a fresh homemade tortilla, with creamy tomatillo dressing on the side.  AWESOME!  My husband insisted on dessert, (it didn't take much convincing) so we shared the coconut flan.  Oh, WOW!  Gourmet quality.   We might just return tomorrow.  :-)
2	I don't understand the excitement about this place. Went for lunch and tried the chicken tostada. It was ok. They do have fresh tortillas that are cooked in front of you so that was nice. I had the tostada sans tortilla so cannot comment on how it tastes but it looked good.The cafe itself is cute and busy but I may not go back!
5	We just moved in the area and this place was recommended to us. And I'm so glad it was!!!!! We walked not know a thing about this place and we were pleasantly surprised by how good the food was! Fresh made tortillas made right in front of us, lots of fresh ingredients and more than enough meat options. Drinks choices are awesome, and all the hot sauce options one could want! Can't wait to go back.
4	I was on Blue Diamond and saw Cafe Rio so I decided to turn in for some food before work. I've been to the Cafe Rio by UNLV before and had a great experience. Cafe Rio is a fast casual Mexican restaurant...so these reviews about their customer service needs to stop...they are not meant to run like a dining restaurant...I tried ordering 10 chicken tacos but they didn't have enough chicken for 10 so I settled for what they had + some steak tacos. It was late so I understand and appreciate that they don't just have an abundance of ingredients out, ready for the next day the night before. I had the tacos with lettuce cheese guacamole and their house sauce. The guacamole was alright...I can do without next time.They have a ton of hot sauces to choose from which is just amazing because who doesn't like to have options?The food is decent and the portions are pretty big for the price you pay. I would go back whenever I'm craving a quick bite...there are definitely a lot of options to choose from. Try them out:)
5	This place is great! It's just as good as any other Cafe Rio plus many times they've given me a bunch of extra stamps on my card. I come here all the time never had a bad experience.
4	Believe the hype! Cafe Rio has great food. I've tried several of the items on their menu and have never been disappointed. My mouth is watering as I write this review thinking about the delicious sweet pork. They have lunch specials that change with the day of the week. I believe Tuesdays are coconut shrimp taco day, and those are by far my favorite lunch special. I always get a side of their creamy tomatillo dressing to dip my tacos in! Try it! The only reason I'm knocking off a star is for their slow lunch service. It takes 20 - 25 minutes sometimes to get thru the lunch line!
1	Not consistent here like other Cafe Rios in Las Vegas with food quality or offering military discounts. Two week's ago offered and today not. Without a doubt, the dryest fish taco I have ever had. However, real fish as I found an 1-inch bone in my fish taco. Not coming back here.
2	This particular Cafe Rio is ghetto. The tables weren't clean. The outside patio has broken umbrellas which means you can't sit outside in the nice weather. The staff is rude when ordering and one employee was fixing himself a drink at the fountain and forced me to wait on him. The food itself was about the same as the others but I had to guess which burrito was mine because he didn't mark it on top with the meat like they normally do. Go to another cafe rio instead.
5	Love, Love, Love Cafe Rio.  Hands down best casual mexican food in the southwest.  I love that kids under 6 get free quesadillas.  All tortillas made fresh and they have so many options.  I love their tortilla soup, made fresh so you can choose your ingredients.  I have always had great customer service there, the only complaint is sometimes the lines are crazy, but how can you fault a business for being successful.  I go there a couple times a month, and the fact they have a loyalty punch card is even better!
4	Went to this place a few times. Jario is a ROCKSTAR at working the line and getting everyone exactly what they want with out making us feel rushed! Management has great customer service skills and even if its crazy they cracks jokes to the customers waiting in line. Cashiers could smile a little more and be just a tad bit energetic while we pay for food but hey what do you expect from a fast casual place right.. Food is pretty tasteful considering the prices- Sweet Pork with Salmon in a burrito(Non Enchilada Style) is my pick.
4	Wow. Who knew this place would know how to pack a mean burrito and taco salad. Delicious! I went in around noon and the line was almost out the door! So I guess come early? I waited about maybe 20-25 minutes before I got to order. Not bad. Anyways, the lighting is a little dim once you step inside, but plenty of seating both indoor and out. (: Nice because who wants to sit inside when it is a nice beautiful day outside?! Anyways yes. I went with the top most favorite order. Sweet and Sour Barbacoa burrito and the taco salad. What a surprise! Everything is so freshly made. The tortilla, the burrito, the salad. All in front of your eyes. Can't get any more fresh than that! The taste is like explosion in your mouth. Seriously it's packed with flavor. Sweet and sour from the barbacoa but tangy from the enchilada sauce and their house sauce. Yum! Taste even better with hot sauce (;The portions are huge too!! I def had to eat my burrito over two meals. So if you are on a budget and wanting a meal to last all day. Come Here! It's good and def worth it!!
4	Great food and menu. Always enjoy the fresh fix'ins. I usually get the steak salad with extra meat. I enjoy taking out of town guests and make them order extra cheese to get the "extra cheese" response from employees. All time fav. is the tres leches.
4	I love that I can place an order by phone or through their website. I also love that there is a wheat tortilla option and kids get a free quesadilla. The other night I placed a phone order asking for one shredded chicken enchilada on wheat and somehow I ended up with two enchiladas in regular tortillas, I was a little upset about that since the guy on the phone repeated my order back the way I had ordered it and I still ended up paying for an enchilada that I knew I would not be able to eat. The food is really filling and always makes my mouth water at the very thought of it. And I love getting a free meal after filling up my stamp card.
4	My co-worker took me here and the food was delicious.  I shared a pork burrito medium sauce enchilada style (really big), queso and chips. The queso was really good.  Would definitely come back again.
4	Good food, fresh made, line maintenance is still HORRIBLE!! It's not fun to repeat your order 10 times and have the people not look at you when talking to them and then they say, "what was that again?"... right... Great place to eat though. Food is amazing and despite bad line management it's worth it. If you're in a hurry, try another place. People are friendly and service is good. It's not their fault they are pulled 100 ways on the line. Once management fixes this while keeping the quality this place will get 5 stars!
5	I am hooked on this place. Food is always on point. And the amount of food you recieve is plenty. Really can't beat the price either. My lady and me visit regularly.
5	This was my very first time ever coming to Cafe Rio.  We were talking about dinner and she wanted their tortilla soup and I was in the mood  for a burrito.  So, Cafe Rio was the choice.  I have wanted to try this place for sometime.  I know it's a chain, but I've never heard of it until recently.  Anyhow, I park relatively close to Cafe Rio and walk in.  Easy enough to figure out the steps to order your food.  I hop in line and look at the menu that is written on a couple of signs.  As you're waiting you can see the employees making tortillas and other goodies.  I place my order of the Pork Burrito, and it was incredible.  Great portion and kept warm all the way back home.  I also ordered the soup with a side of chips and salsa.  They took care when putting my things in my to go bag.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  I'm sure I'll be back as both the food and the price were great.
1	I've been going to this Cafe Rio several times for the past 3 months.In general my observations are.. Pros:Generous portions, fresh tasty food.Cons: Can be pricy (let's remember this is still fast food), about $10 for a 3 taco steak order and no drink, you be the judge.Consistently rude staff at the food assembly line (see other reviews)Food although fresh, tends to be soggy and messy, and generally looks terrible.Not sure how clean this place is, as I've seen dirty tables and cross contamination when staff refills and prepares the food.Rude staff (I know I mentioned this but I must reiterate) Anyhow, ultimately I'm dissatisfied with this Cafe Rio location and I wouldn't recommend going. However, if you don't mind the rude staff that gives you plenty of condescending looks just because you take more than 2 seconds to decide between pinto or black beans, then go for it.  The last time I checked, we were the customers and that used to mean something.
4	This is one of the very few places that I actually crave. You can't go wrong with anything here but my favorite is the double enchilada plate with grilled chicken. The medium salsa is one of the best salsas I've had in a while. If you like guacamole, this place has you covered. Try it with salsa and cheese on top and you can thank me later! Besides the wait to order, I love this place!
4	If not for the wait I would have given this place five stars but it is definitely worth the wait! I get the double steak tacos meal with their lime rice. I love the rice! I get the mild sauce that is pretty much just tomatoes,onions, and cilantro. The handmade tortillas are delicious and while you're waiting in line you can see the lady making them! My other favorite that is a must get is their guacamole with salsa and cheese on top!
3	Cafe Rio's concept is similar to Chipotle, but Rio offers a few more options (e.g., salads, enchiladas).  I would have gotten the three tacos with fire-grilled steak... except they were out of fire-grilled steak.  The person who ordered in front of me got fire-grilled steak... so I guess he got the last of it.  It was around 6pm on a Wednesday, so I'm not quite sure what that is about.  Anyway, I ended up ordering a pork barbacoa taco and a chicken taco.  The barbacoa taco was fantastic... but super messy and just kept dripping all over the place.  However, I can handle a mess when the taco is this good.  Unfortunately, I can't really say the same for the chicken taco... but I did see that they offer an upgraded chicken, so I guess I must have ordered the chicken that they know is not their best chicken.  Strange thinking there.The chips were out of a bag, but the queso was pretty good.  It had a little bit of a canned (or bagged) cheese taste, but the added peppers, onions, etc. made it pretty good.I will give this place another shot when I'm back in Vegas, but only after checking out all of the other options.
1	Just got back from picking up the food. Horrible customer service. An employee pretty much forcing me to buy a drink after I said 'no' twice. Always rude service, this time my order was wrong n I called the first time and they said that I had the correct order and they no mistakes and put on hold for 10 min for the manager. I hung up and dialed again this time I sounded annoyed and got the manager quick. I was very disappointed more than usual. I DO NOT RECOMMENDED THIS PLACE UNLESS U WANT TO BE TREATED RUDE AND BE WRONG ON WHAT YOU ORDER.
3	I love the food here, but that is the only reason I keep coming back. It's definitely not for the customer service. I went on a Sunday with my mom and sister and they are supposed to open at 11. Another customer walked in through the side door right at 11 as they hadn't opened the front door yet, so we followed. The girl behind the counter told us "We'll be with you in a couple minutes, we're not open yet." Really? Because the sign says 11 and it's 11. I've worked in retail before and if we had customers standing outside the building, we opened early, if not, right on time. You don't keep paying customers waiting, it's just bad business. You should be ready to open right when you are supposed to. Then I asked if they had any more Cholula because there was none on the shelf and the cashier just immediately answered no without even looking. So I asked for Tapatia. Again, immediate no. So I pointed to the bottle of Tapatia that I saw sitting behind the counter. "Oh, that must be the last one!" Oh thanks for going through so much trouble to do your job.Oh and don't even bother attempting to order an extra taco. I tried ordering an extra shrimp taco once because the order comes with two and I swear it's like I asked then to perform the unspeakable. I told then I would pay the price for the single taco (You can order two or just one so obviously combine the price. I know it's expensive. I just want three tacos!) And the kid taking my order still had to consult with two other people before they would make me three. I love the steak and shrimp tacos and I crave the creamy cilantro dressing. If the customer service was better, I would have given a better rating.
5	I've always had a good experience here. Sometimes it can get busy so waiting gets kinda long but it's not so bad. I usually get the fire grilled salmon tostado with cilantro vinaigrette and love it every time. They aren't stingy with their portions which is a plus. They have a great variety of different drinks and even serve horchata. Staff is friendly and there's plenty of tables so it doesn't get crowded.
2	GREAT food. AWFUL service. They almost always never have certain meats like barbacoa. And when you get disappointed when they're lacking it, the staff makes you feel like it's YOUR fault for not having it. They are very unapologetic. Unfriendly staff, but great food. Also, I went tonight and they didn't have lids to fit their cups! What's with that? Don't waste your time and money here - go to the one by 215 and Eastern, it's not that far away and everything is better there.
1	Horrible service. They're lucky to get 1 star. Because of the incompetent people that work here, the quality of the food is highly affected. Ordered 3 salads, the amount of meat is inconsistent, beans are watery because it's almost gone & they didn't refill it, lettuce from bucket was also watery when they refill it, didn't bother to shake extra water. So the salads were like soup. Asian guy employee was so irritated that he could just careless. The owner of this place should think of revamping his/her staff. Felipe
4	Great Steak Burrito, fast service. This is a good spot to get a fast meal with great products unlike fast food places. You watch them as they cook the meats and make your meal right in front of you.
2	Well this is a disappointment for me to write. I've been 3 times since I wrote my first review and each time they have served "slop" !!!!!! From the tacos, to the enchiladas and even the salads. They just slop the ingredients into the plate and serve it up! It's gross now!!!!
3	This location is just blah. Let me explain why: 1. The employees aren't as friendly the other location that's closer to me. They're just there, working. No smiles. No welcome greetings. Just there.  2. At the location near my house, I order a chicken salad with just lettuce and cilantro. Since I don't get any of the other toppings on my salad, they load up on the lettuce. At this location, it's just the minimum amount of lettuce. And I'm like "uh that's it?" 3. The quality of the ingredients here are subpar. I've seen old lettuce and brown pieces of cilantro still being used. And I have gotten sick from their guacamole. I love Cafe Rio. The food is delicious. But this location is just average. The end
4	Order online! This place is always busy and I was happy to walk in sign my receipt and go back home. Everything was made correctly and had great flavor.....this will def be a new quick fix to dinner when I dont' feel like cooking.
1	I LOVE Cafe Rio to pieces but tonight they ran completely out of napkins and no horchata or any of their lemonades. The line to pay took forever. Our food was ready long before we could pay. Just a bad night I suppose. They know it's dinner time so they need to pick up their slack.
1	This location is BLAH!  I usually go to the Eastern & Richmar location but we were on this side of town and I was craving Cafe Rio. The long line didn't bother me because I'm used to it but... 1. The employees here are not friendly at all. They do not smile. They do not greet you. The shift manager's (Stephanie) attitude showed she hated her job! She was the 2nd person on the line that adds lettuce, pico, etc. She wasn't listening to what me & my husband was telling her. She had no care in the world how she was treating everyone's food. Very sloppy. 2. Food quality - THUMBS DOWN! They served dead lettuce. I ordered the tamales and the guy served me a crumbled - into pieces- broken tamales. If my husband didn't ask for a new one, he would of just sold it to me like that. It broke into pieces because it was DRY. AND THEY CAN OUT OF PICO AT 7:30 PM - during a busy dinner service! OMG!What a shame! This location needs revamping in their food quality and their attitudes. We won't be going to this location ever.
1	So I have to say I've always loved Cafe Rio, but today has had to be the worst service EVER. Yes I know it gets busy what restaurant doesn't. I called in my order & was given a 20 min pick up time, I get there 30 min later order wasn't even started on. Manager says "O sorry we are out of rice did they not tell you" meanwhile I had already been sitting waiting for almost 20 more minutes. To top it OFF when they FINALLY had my order ready it wasn't even Right! I don't know if there's new management at this location but it keeps getting worse as time goes on!
1	I usually go the the cafe rio on eastern and serene and this is my first time eating at this location.  I have to say it will be the last time.  I would rather drive further for better service, cleanliness, and food quality.  This location is terrible.  The staff were very rude.  They were dropping things everywhere.  The lettuce looked old and wilted.  Half of the drinks on the drink station were empty and we were there at 5:30pm.  It also looked like the they haven't cleaned the whole station for days.  I hope they either retrain their staff or hire better people.
3	My kids love it! I have been a couple times and I enjoy it. It is not the best Mexican food I have had but I enjoy the process. It is kind of like a Chipotle but a bit different. I enjoy the quesadilla and the burritos. When you go I suggest getting the burrito enchilada style.
2	A disappointing slide over the past several months. The food is good. However, the poor service is what dominates the experience. You are clearly just part of the herd getting pushed through the line. The employees take no pride in keeping the restaurant clean or servicing their equipment-check out the drink machine that's been down for the past month. If you must eat Cafe Rio try one of the other locations-it will be worth the extra drive.
1	I eat at cafe rio at least once a week. Not once has it crossed my mind to write a review because the food speaks for it's self. Unfortunately I had a horrible experience with the cashier at this location so I felt the need to write a review. The line was extremely long and not to order your food, to pay. Might want to look into hiring competent workers, who actually want to work and not gossip while the line backs up.
4	This place has the most delicious chips and salsa!!!!!! Yummy!!!! But because I was on hold for so long when I tried to cater and then transfered and not correctly and then lied to they only get 4 stars. I'll change in the future if the customer service gets better :)
1	This restaurant is getting worst everyday.  Prepare to dumb down significantly when you order.  What do I mean?  They ask for my order and I said, I would like a grill beef salad.  They told me, no such thing.  They do however have grill steak?  Huh? Isn't that the same thing?  Also be prepare to give your order to the same person over the glass 3 times or more.  They can't seem to remember your order for more than 1 second.  And don't even think of getting a friendly greeting...good food by horrible everything else.  Do not recommend at all.
3	Stopped by today and had the double enchilada plate and let me tell you, it looked way better than it actually was. I ordered the "hot" sauce on stop, that sauce should be re-labeled "mild". It had no kind of spiciness to it. I ordered it to go and by the time I got home (I live 2 minutes away) my food was cold. I give it 3 stars because the first time I went I had the sweet pork barbacoa tacos and they were pretty good, unlike today's meal. I wish I would have stopped by Panda Express instead.
4	Really like this place.  Very relaxed, food is delicious, and the price is spot on.  I usually get the salad with grilled chicken, black beans, no rice and salsa verde (you will notice a them with me and Mexican food).  Usually runs me about $10 and it can fill me up for two meals.  Do yourself a favor - if you're taking it to go, call it in or order online.  The line can get a little nutty.  Overall it's a great restaurant, with food that is consistently good at a decent price point.  It's good for lunch or dinner or dinner if you can't finish your lunch.Gonna go get a salad now... craving one.
2	The management in this place must be horrendous. Every employee in the place seemed miserable, none of them even so much as smiled. I had to tell three different people which order was mine and they still managed to ignore me when I said i wanted pico. They were also out of corn tortillas so the only option for my enchiladas was flour. The guy that prepared my food hooked it up with the chile roast beef, otherwise I would have only given one star.
1	I love Cafe Rio and I think that for their food they have a reputation hold. I was disappointed at this location, I feel like a lot of the employees do not care to be there and therefore have crappy service, they also don't have he fun atmosphere anymore, I remember the first time I went to Cafe rio they were always singing and yelling free meal or happy birthday or whatever, it seemed fun, this time it was like an assembly line and I even heard an employee complain that he doesn't get paid enough. They had run out of a few drinks on the fountain which I think is unacceptable for a restaurant as busy as they are, and then my food, my burrito had a whole Bullion inside of it it it was so salty I could no longer eat it. They did fix it by giving me another burrito. But I feel like this location needs more attention especially as busy as it is. The bathroom was also very dirty.
1	Literally the worst service I've ever had, anywhere. I spent more time in line than actually eating. Everyone behind the counter was extremely rude, short, and clearly upset about something. Food was mediocre at best and it's a shame, because I actually really like Cafe Rio. Stay away from this location.
5	The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They catered for my wedding shower and I had so much food it was so taste and they did an amazing job!I like to come here each time they have a taco special! Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!
1	I hope the store manager reads this.  My updated review of my favorite spot in Vegas is now getting a 1 star due to the crappy new staff you guys hired.  They all have very poor customer service skills, and cannot explain why such tiny portions are being put into the salads/burritos/nachos.  I just left the place feeling upset and lost my appetite.   Managers should check their staff that worked Sunday, April 27, 2014 (5pm).  There were a few others in line also asking why their portions were so small and were just upset as I was.  To give customers crappy attitudes is the worst way to answer questions.I had ordered a salad with half a scoop of rice and two little pinches of steak, and a weak amount of lettuce.  I had paid $10 for something that should've costed $6 at most.
2	Usually have great service here but sadly today killed that, this doesn't apply to everyone one there but mostly to those behind the line. One of the girls seemed very annoyed with the order and was rushing. I know it's busy but that isn't an excuse to be rude and give poor customer service.  If it weren't for the good food I probably wouldn't visit this location again.
1	Customer service here is the worst!  Don't even bother ordering ahead of time because they won't have your order, or any record of your order.. Although I really like the food here, I won't be back.  2 strikes is all it takes for me,
1	Have been here many times, both this location but also the ones on Eastern and Stephanie, and while you can't argue that the food is good you can argue that the service and the way you order is simply pathetic.Walking in and seeing a line snaked like DMV at 1230 with 35 min wait time on a Tuesday is grotesque, it's not that busy, all that has to be done is an ordering system like all other places where you place your order and pick it up later, go see how efficient that works at any Jimmy Johns, this is it we are not coming back.So until you can figure that out it's Mexican food at any other outlet.
3	This is a very VERY VERY busy location. Call ahead, it will save you at least a 30 minute wait as I learned the hard way.  The food, as always, is freakin yum!
3	So I came here once a week, but now I will never touch this location again.I waited over 20 minutes for MILD SAUCE! What made it worse was I was asked 6 TIMES what sauce I would like. No, I'm just standing here watch you cook for 20 minutes. Like really?!And gotta point out, the entire staff at this location look like they been sneaking food. It's not enjoyable as a customer watch a cashier sweat from pressing buttons.
3	The food is delicious but service is slow. The pieces of lettuce are large. When I take my food home I have to chop up my lettuce some more because it's too large for my mouth. The portion of meat is a hit or miss. When employees are close to their leaving times and there is a long line, they have no problem complaining about it in front of customers. I suggest calling in before and picking up food. Wish the manager would address the customer service issues.
2	This place has the best food!!!!! But the eating experience is so bad. I have been here 2 times when they have run out of forks. Tip: don't run out of forks when your 2 biggest items are burritos and salads. Today they were out of serving trays. The tables are often dirty because they don't often come around cleaning. The line is super slow usually. The management does not seem to incorporate the Cafe Rio culture here. Normally they yell out things and keep things fun and entertaining. Not here. I come here because of convenience to my house and the food is seriously amazing. But I often drive past this one to go to Henderson. Long drive, but it's worth it to not have such a bad eating experience. I have even told their corporate office about the problems here but they haven't done anything to fix things.
1	I went in this place yesterday. As I was waiting in line I was just watching the workers on the line. And I noticed. The lady making the tortillas bend down touch the dirty water bucket with her gloves on then continue to make the tortillas and not even change her gloves. If that wasn't bad enough. I turned around to notice the other girl filling a take out order drop a receipt on the floor and reach down and pick it up off the floor with her gloves on then continue to make the take out order without taking off those gloves after touching the dirty floor. I then pulled the manager aside and who came over was a teenage boy that said he was a manager but I was sure he was not. After telling him what I witness and I didn't want to make a scene since there was a line full of customers. He didn't seem to care what I had to say. Seems to me that the ppl that work here don't care about cleanliness .. Totally grossed out and I hope the health dept catches up to them soon so then maybe they will take it seriously.
4	I'm no expert when it comes to Mexican food, but I do eat out often and work in the hospitality industry. I enjoy eating here but the service has been very slow. Personally I think it's because of their "Subway" style of assembly line. There's no reason to have to speak to three different people for a to-go order. The prices are high for fast food "Mexican". I don't think they want to be known as fast food, especially since it's somewhat slow and made to order, but there is an uneasy feeling when the warm meat portion of your entree is sitting on the vegetable line for a few minutes before the next employee is ready to ask you what you're having even though you already ordered. Seems monotonous. Once my "fire grilled steak" sat for a couple of minutes, the next assembly line employee asked what I was having (even though I already ordered).  I realized the quickest option was to tell her, "however it comes". Still didn't matter as they were behind on orders. I came to a third employee who asked what my order was. Apparently they work on the honor system. This gentleman seemed to be the only employee with a sense of urgency. He attempted to get caught up on multiple orders that were well behind the ticket time. No one else seemed to care or understand. I hope he gets promoted to management. They need it there. 3 stars for the average food. Would love to have it made to order as advertised. 4th star for the one person who understood urgency and hospitality.
4	I've had good experiences here. I normally order the tostada and walk out happy. It also seems healthy (not sure if that's a fact). It's under $7 and is quite filling. They have daily specials as well--basically you pay full price but get a free drink. Tried the chile relleno once (it's a one day special, can't remember the day though) and it was very good, too.Note: the prices have gone up a bit. The tostada is about $6.50+tax now.
4	Been here a bunch of times and while the food is awesome every time and I'm glad that I went there, the customer service is very random.  At times, the staff is friendly with a smile on their face and making jokes.  But at other times, they are rude, they make it seem like you are bothering them and they seem more concerned about talking to each other than to you.  Then you get down to pay and the cashier is either on it and understands what you ordered, or you basically need to spell it out.So be prepared for great food with bipolar customer service.
5	Cafe Rio has to have the best chicken burritos there! Everything is so fresh and full of flavor! I get me burrito enchilada style and I definitely recommend that. Everything is fresh and made by hand, like their flour and corn tortillas. Definitely one of my fave places!..:)
1	I was so excited about my 11th free meal but until tonight i felt so offended by this guy Kevin. We ordered our usual and the fun part begin...... at the register, first the lady at the register is not with it, and here comes Kevin questioning what we order, not one time but several.... and i kept repeating myself " chicken salad " n " chicken burrito ", and than he pulled all our sides (dressing etc... ) out, and counting how many we have, i mean really dude?? first is with the chicken shit, and now he is counting my dressing???and to top it off, they were out of rice.  If you really trying to do your JOB right, listen/watch, don't question us like we are criminal and shit.... super not happy at all!!! But i def love the lady who prep my food and Jordon the cashier, they always take care of me and my husband.
4	They are ALWAYS busy... but what does that say about the food? It is really good! And it is!! Only downside is waiting in the long line, service and food is great!
1	These idiots hate their job and make it a miserable experience to even go there. I wasn't even done telling them my order and they already moved on to asking the person after me what they wanted. I repeated what I wanted more than 5 times and they still didn't wana do it. It might as well be serve yourself buffet because these idiots don't want to do their jobs, are miserable all day long, and make the customers feel uncomfortable. Worst service ever shut this stupid place down already. People already got sick too many times. Losers.
2	Its a nice clean restaurant.  Not authentic Mexican food though. They make their burritos weird and when untold them how I wanted it I was told no I dont want it that way. It made me not even want to get a burrito. I was told that Pico de Gallo is nasty in a burrito and I didn't want it like that. I had to let them know that I am a paying customer and I will have it the way I want it. Its hard to hear them when making an order also. The meat spent have authentic Mexican spices either. This is my last time here.
1	I will drive out of my way 10 miles to got to the Southeastern location rather than go to this Cafe Rio. They have the slowest service and the portions seem to be smaller as well. Please open another location in the area, preferably in Southern Highlands. I think the all around service and customer satisfaction would improve that way.
4	We love the food, freshness and flavor, however, the line has been ridiculously slow. I don't know if it's lack of management. Hire more people, train them right, treat them right and it will be 5 stars again. The reason we started eating here when we first moved here years ago, it was fast and fresh. Now the line is slow, the food are mixed and does not look appetizing, the staff is lack luster (as compared to before). Please, shape up!
1	Go to another location! Do not go here! I live right around the corner a will be not coming back. The service at this place has taken a huge dive and is not getting any better. I have just picked up my "to go" order which again was wrong, then I ask that them to remake and the attitude I was given was horrible! So sorry to have you create the CORRECT order. The food is great and the service is the worst.
4	The food is amazing! However what i find is that this location gets a little dirty and inconsistent food. Also the cashiers never seem to smile but i love the food so much that I will always continue to go. Lines can be long but you get value for the price and good food.
3	Better than your average fast food mexican place but not the greatest.  I do love their drink selection though.  It's good when time and money is limited.
3	I always get the sweet barbacoa pork carnivals,  as it is one  of their signature items.. and hi oh always get enough portions for two meals, so I get to take. Something home. .
3	overall the food was pretty good! be sure to ask for salsa and guac in the burrito, unlike chipotle they dont put inside. the horchata is great!
3	Food is good. The only thing that sucks is the service. The lady taking my order made my salad all messy and didny.even ask.if I wanted shredded lettuce or regular. I.barley got any meat. Also the cashier wasnt even talking to me. She was talking on the headphone with another employee about someones babys mama. A discussion that shouldnt be spoken at work and especially in front of a customer. There was no thank u at all and no eye contact. Also, the pink lemonade was all watered down.
1	Service was a bit slow and confused.  Asked for guacamole twice and was told it was inside the burrito (it was not).  When I asked for pico de gallo, the gal ended up giving me a bunch of diced tomatoes.  The steak was not seasoned and the burrito overall had little flavor, if any.  I decided to try this place because I wanted to do something a little nice than Roberto's or Taco Bell.  Should have picked another place.
1	Customer service is the worst! Every single person there is rude! Their job is to make your order however you like it, but they get mad when you try to make it your own. The girls are talking about their baby's daddy while serving me. Didn't even make eye contact. Just threw the money on the table and not in my hands. I got a salad one time and was pretty stingy with the meat. Gave me like a small pinch of meat. Everyone there seems they hate their job. Well guess what.....A job is a job. Be grateful you even have a job in these economy.  Other than the service.....food is pretty good.
1	I always go to this location right by my house.. I was very disappointed when I asked for my usual veggie enchiladas and the server told me they are no longer allowed to put beans inside any enchiladas, tacos etc and that their managers claim that it is a"waste of food"... How exactly is it a waste of food if I will be eating it? It makes no sense and I don't eat meat therefore I have to make other options for myself. I will be sticking with chipotle from now on they always make whatever I want!!
1	Another one star for this place.  Who makes the customers in line wait 5+ minutes to put together an order for a pick up order?!  It would make more sense to cater to the customers in line waiting.
4	Huge portion....interesting concept....kinds fast food...but made right in front of you.  I enjoyed the salad and could have it like I wanted.  I would go back with hesitations
3	BAD Service, GOOD Food, just as many other reviewers have stated. What's even more shocking is the lack of effort in improving service as I do not see one response from management on yelp. I guess that's what you get with a chain restaurant.[CUISINE]Drinks: I am completely obsessed with the mint limeade here. So so yummy!Chicken Quesidilla: Not super cheesy. More meat than cheese. Very Yummy.[DECOR] I really like the decor if this fast food restaurant. They have hanging lanterns, colorful chairs and it feels like outside inside. Very Cute.[SERVICE]They don't explain anything on the menu for instance they'll ask if you wanted your burrito enchilada style but not willing to explain what that means. Your just supposed to know apparently. Also they didn't mention guacamole is additional. Found out at the register it was $1.25 extra which was no problem but they should have mentioned it. [PRICE]Cheap $7-$9 but the service was so bad it may be awhile before I return.
1	This restaurant usually delivers I just ordered three items for pickup and none of my salads had any dressing with them. I called them back after getting home to ask if this was something they just forgot and I was left on an open line without even being asked to hold or given advice what was happening next.... Eventually after waiting for 5 minutes and countless hollers "anyone there" I hung up and wrote this review. Not very good customer service after ordering and delivering the product.
1	Food is great, but this location sucks.  Everyone is grumpy, my order is never right, I am never charged correctly.  I will not even go to this location.
1	Look on the receipt that I uploaded!! $15 for a steak burrito with guacamole and a drink???????!!!!I can seat in a nice Mexican restaurant  eat and they will serve me for $15 come on!!!!My last time here!!
2	Food was decent but the place was filthy. All trash receptacles were full...gross! No clean tables because people couldn't throw their trash away, so they left it on the table!
5	I just never get tired of this place. Cafe Rio takes Chipotle's concept and puts it on steroids. Juicier meat, tastier sauces and dressings, and faster and friendlier staff. I most often order the salad which includes your choice of meat (shredded or grilled chicken, grilled steak, or barbacoa), your choice of beans (black or pinto), rice, lettuce, pico, guacamole, lime wedge, cilantro, cheese and tostada chips. You also get your choice of dressings, the creamy cilantro is to die for!  My favorite part of this is the chicken. I always get the shredded chicken and it is deliciously moist and packed with flavor. My husband orders the shredded chicken nachos, and he loves that they sing a silly song when he does. It makes me laugh every time. They give our daughter (11months old) a free quesadilla. This probably doesn't seem like much but as a parent who's been charged over and over for food that is inevitably going to end up on the floor, I totally appreciate it! The tortillas here are handmade (you can watch them do it) on site and they are so good! Sometimes I come in and just take one to go as a snack (though I would not recommend during lunch or dinner rush). It's the little things that take a place with good food and make it a great restaurant. This place has got it all and that is why I keep going back.
1	Food is great.  Can't best the best tortillas in town..  But the service of the workers the is just terrible.  McDonald's higher better talent and they serve 99c burgers.   For 11 dollar burritos I would expect at least competent employees.  Save your breath and go to Chipotle
2	The quality of the food is always trumped by the absolutely terrible service. My orders have constantly been wrong, cold, and over charged and the staff comes across as completely apathetic. The only reason this location gets the second star is that the location does seem to be clean and well presented, but it truly is a gilded facade and nothing more.
2	Used to be one of my favorites but has gone down hill fast.  Run out of key ingredients frequently and no flow makes service slow and annoying.  6 or 7 working the line and each of them asks the same questions while trying to figure out which order is yours.  On 1 occasion... Waited 20 minutes to have a "manager" check to see if they had any more pork while holding up the line and being ignored.   Then caught attitude for trying to be patient and flag someone down to just change my order.  Unfortunately I'm done with this place but 2 stars since I used to love it. :(
