3	a lot of people LOVE this place, but the few times i've been here, it didn't not sit well with me.i think i'm turned off that the chicken is pink. pink? i know, it's the marinating process or something, but i can't get over it, it's not natural. it's juicy and quick, like fast food, but a little better.
5	If you haven't been here. Go. Now. Stop reading this review, ignore the fact that you just ate an hour ago, and go nosh the shit out of some of the best damn chicken you'll find in the valley. There are only two options at this place that are on par with some of the best carne asada or red chicken you'll get from a carniceria. Seeing how the only options are chicken or beef (Or both! Go wild!), it's probably not the best place to bring a leaf eater. They'll be stuck munching on marinated onions, since I'm pretty sure the tortillas and pinto beans have got a lovely amount of lard in them, plus their senses will be assaulted by the delicious smell of succulent, juicy grilled meat. That smell by the way can be detected throughout the strip mall this place is located in, and without a fail gets me salivating whenever I walk by. Everything is prepared lightening fast and you can eat in the place or get your food to go. The combos are dirt cheap and delicious, at four bucks for a 1/4 beef or chicken, and seven bucks for the combination of the two. Each combo comes with two torillas, pinto beans, salsa and maninated onions. Half and whole chickens or piles of beef are also available for extremely reasonable prices. They only take cash though, so run over to the Circle K at Ash and University to the money machine if you find yourself with nothing but plastic. The 2.00 fee to use the ATM will be totally worth it.
4	Me gusto El Pollo Supremo. It's always a sophie's choice between the chicken and the beef...each are equally tasty but I must say that my carnivorous soul favors the beef. Unless my soul is feeling especially gluttenous and I order both. Both meats are grilled to asada perfection, served with flour or corn tortilla, fantastic sweet onions, beans and salsa that I could probably eat an entire bucket of by itself. Speed of service is hit or miss, I don't recommend coming here during any kind of football event but most times it is relatively quick. Just sit down and brush up on your spanish with an El Voz or read the College Times. The only thing that sometimes prevents me from coming here is that they only take cash, and I'm often far too lazy to go to the ATM. But if you have some cash in your wallet and want some good, straightforward Mexican food eat here immediately-you won't regret it.
4	I like this place. The food here is like what you'd get at a typical taco stand in Nogales, but without the dysentery.The chicken and beef are equally tasty, but I tend to favor the beef because it's boneless and less work trying to get it all into the tortillas.
4	Let's see $4 bucks in my wallet and hungry for some lovely asada.. Not possible you say? Then you haven't been to El Pollo Fn Supremo. I love this place. I can smell the meat roasting from blocks away.. You can get 1/4 chicken (that you can rip into with your bare hands) or beef and they pile you up with fresh tortillas, great pinto beans, marinated onions and fresh salsa. You make your own burritos with all this delicious filling mmmmhhhhhhmmmmm. Or you can fool your family into thinking you are a grill master and buy an entire chicken (point out how hot it was while whilst grilling when they are chomping down - major points). Seriously! It's so good. They only take cash so either hit the ATM or stand outside and spang for change.. The stoners going in to HQ are pretty vulnerable haha.
5	I'm a food purist.  Forget the atmosphere, forget the cash-only policy, forget everything but the taste of combining the right amount of salsa, steak, marinated onions on a tortilla and then taking as big a bite as I can fit.  Having few offerings has allowed El Pollo Supremo to dominate supreme in what they do.  5 yums.
4	Delicious.This is Mexican Barbeque at its purest.  You have two meat options:  chicken or beef.  There's no fancy orange-spiced, or other-spiced flavors here.  They offer two things and those two things are so good.The chicken was greasy, but you know what?  I didn't care.  The main attraction was the beef.  It was so good, I didn't want it to end.  It was one of those moments where I hadn't eaten all day, and when I dove it, I was silent.  I wouldn't have answered my phone.I got the most expensive thing (I think) that they had there and it was like seven dollars.  It came with chicken, beef, onions, tortillas and beans.  The beans are, meh, so-so and the tortillas are perfunctory but the real star is the barbeque, that's what you come for.The chicken is greasy, but TASTY.  The beef is perfect.
5	Seriously I'm not just talking out of my ass when I announce:BEST Grilled Chicken and Carne Asada EVER!!!They only serve grilled (beyond marinated) chicken on the bone and carne asada.  Both of which you may order 1/4, 1/2 or the combo with BOTH (all come with corn or flour tortillas)!  Which explains why such greatness that is 5 stars is involved in the concentration on 2 main items.Now on to the main points:-Meal will set you back only $4 to $6 bones per person, cash only-Chicken may be ordered white or dark and is the most flavorful and crispy grilled, ignore the red-dyed skin, it will be the best grilled chicken you have ever had-Carne Asada is always cooked to perfection, not overcooked or stringy or chewy, always is Carne Asada greatness-Not only do meals come with your choice of flour or corn tortillas, they come with perfectly salted pinto beans (not refried), fresh salsa, and red onions that seems to have been soaked (not pickled) reducing their flavor to a delicious subtle onion instead of a crunchy onion.-Salsa is a tomatoey, pureed (not over pureed), juicy salsa that screams freshness with every bite.-Lastly, the BLISS OF THE FOODGASM experienced when the tortilla/chicken or beef or both chicken and beef mmm/onions/salsa/and sourcream for those that enjoy a lil sin, explode in your mouth with flavors you only dreamed of...is the reason you must GO HERE ASAP
4	Got here 30 minutes before closing on a Friday night. Lots of food for not much money and very tasty stuff. The interior is not that great and it feels a bit like a dive, but a dive with very tasty food. Maybe a bit greasy but their chicken is unlike what you get at any other Mexican restaurant I have been to.
4	I ate dinner at El Pollo Supremo after reading about the place on Yelp.  I love grilled chicken and this place knows how to grill.  The chicken was lightly spiced and the skin had a red color.  At competing grilled chicken places the chicken is served luke warm, or cool.  This chicken was HOT and juicy.  The meat was tender and separated from the bone easily.  The beans and tortillas were tasty.  Tortillas were warm and heated on a stove not a microwave.  Yum Yum!Carne Asada stands for 'grilled meat'.  Usually a skirt steak.  Prepared by a skilled griller (I know griller is not a word but it should be)  the meat is tender, and juicy.  When prepared by an amateur it can be used for shoe leather, or cheap tires.  The griller at El Pollo Supremo is an artist.  Two folks could split a combo dinner easily.  El Pollo Supremo is in a small strip mall.  Upon entering the restaurant you place your order at the counter and can take a look at the small kitchen where the magic happens.  The place is old.  The fixtures and tables are old.  Nothing wrong with old, it just sort of hard to keep old stuff clean.  The proprietors do a good job of keeping the place neat and clean.    The reason for only four stars is their drink policy.  They charge for refills.  I can see charging for refills on Horchata but not Pepsi.  It's a minor thing, maybe I'm too cheap!  You can leave your plastic at home, cash only here.  Don't tell the IRS!
5	I have been going to this place for a few years now. The food is great it is grilled with light seasoning and goes perfectly with warm flour tortillas. You might want to avoid going at lunch time because they are super busy and it is hard to get a seat. If you work in the area call ahead and pick it up.
5	Try the Tri Tip, it's tops. A must "stop by" when I'm over in that neighborhood.
3	Not a bad place for lunch.  Relatively low cost, simple menu (chicken or beef - corn or flour tortillas - no other decisions needed!), and tasty food.  It's tasty, all good (don't know about best ever by a long shot).  The decor is non-existent (but who cares) - if I lived close, might be a good option for dinner take out (but I don't live close).Problems would be lack of flexibility - things like not enough salsa to go with servings, and unwilling to provide more salsa (this was odd!), although they are willing to sell additional salsa.  I am also annoyed when places charge for refills on drinks, all of that gives it a rather stingy vibe (and the prices aren't that cheap!).Overall, I go back every few weeks for lunch as it's tasty and reasonably priced, but it is not someplace I frequent or go to on a regular basis even though it's close to the office.
4	All dishes had excellent flavor and were plentiful!  Had both the beef and the chicken, couldn't say which was my favorite.  I will return.
4	Just finished up scarfing down some chicken from here. I discovered(thank you yelp) this place about a month ago. Every so often I decide that I want to swap out the chicken I usually have with something new and exciting and this does it for me.I've had the pleasure of trying both the steak and chicken. I've also nabbed a taste of the standard sides.The menu is very simple chicken/beef/combo offered in 1/4 1/2 or whole. All meals come with beans, marinaded onions, house made salsa, warm corn or flour tortillas. They do offer rice and a few other al a carte sides.The gentlemen manning the grill deserves an award for the magic he performs daily. Chicken:Very Mexican influenced marinade. Heavy on the garlic, black pepper, and citrus. Pair that with the smokiness you get from charbroiling something over a real fire and its as good as your imagining it. They also add an unnatural bright red dye to it. Not sure exactly why they do this but whatever its.. umm.. festive?Steak:Delicious grilled carne asada just as it should be. The beef has just enough fat to keep it moist without being greasy.Salsa:I don't love it but only because I don't like fresh tomatoes. They puree fresh tomatoes to create the salsa. Everyone who has tried it loves it. Just not something I ever like anywhere.Beans:Whole pinto beans. Hard to say if they are home made or canned. I would guess they are probably canned but still good and not overly salty.Flour Tortillas:Warm, soft, mmmmm.Onions:They are pickled/marinaded which takes away some of the sharpness of the raw onion. Great addition to your hand made burritos.If you find yourself in the area and are hungry do yourself a favor and grab a quick meal here. Don't forget cash because they don't accept plastic.
4	Why is their red chicken so good? Why is it red? Both my girlfriend and I cook and neither of us can imagine. This is a rediculously delish barbeque place. Don't let the name confuse you. It really is more of a grilled food place then a Mexican restaurant. Their menu is very simple. You basically have a choice between 1. chicken, 2. beef, or 3. beef and chicken. I recommend getting number 3. It's under 7 dollars and comes w/ beans and tortillas (corn or flour).The biggest problem with this place is that they only take cash. Bring cash or go to the Circle K across the street and use the ATM.
3	Nice simple Mexican food at a great price, love the charbroiled steak and the beans so flavorful with out a lot of stuff added. Called my order in but when I walked inside the smell was so good I had to tell them to make mine to eat in. Next time I will try the combo cause the beef was so tasty I know that charbroiled chicken will be just a good if not better. Just remember CASH ONLY you can eat for as little as $5 but bring $10 and you can get anything you want.
4	I love me some red chicken, especially the dark meat.  Don't even bother making a soft taco.  Just eat the chicken then wash it down with the rest of whatever is on your plate.
4	i work in tempe, and this is one of my fave lunch spots!i usually get the combo with white meat.  i think usually they usually put whatever meat is closest, but you can ask for white meat, and they don't charge extra.for 8$ i get a ton of food!  a lot of beef, a large piece of chicken, beans, salsa, tortillas and pickled onions.  the chicken is super flavorful!  i LOVE the pickled onions.  they provide a nice addition to the chicken and beef.my only complaints... cash only!  i never carry it as almost everyone takes CC now.  I don't go here as much as i would for that reason alone.
2	I haaaate being the guy that gives a 2 star review for something people are crazy about.  I've been actively wanting to try El Pollo Supremo for about 2 months now, and finally got around to it this afternoon, and was quite let down. First, I was a bit taken aback by the price..Nearly $12 for a quartered chicken, and nearly $15 (yes.. Fifteen!) for around 12 oz of carne asada (each come with boring beans and some 3rd party tortillas. Also.. salsa that could be jarred by Gerber).. Once I got home with the goods, and saw the portion sizes, my skepticism grew stronger, and for good reason.... SALTY. Incredibly salty. Toxic saltiness. I'm not a wuss either.. if something has unhealthy levels of anything in it, I'm usually a huge fan. This was not enjoyable. Then came the Carne Asada.. far less salty than the chicken, but still pretty intense... it was OK. I've had worse carne asada.. but I've also had way better. It really needed some good fresh pico de gallo to kinda crisp up the otherwise gummy meat... This is the first time I feel that yelp has steered me wrong... not bad, considering how many WIN places I've found otherwise :)****Also- looking at the picture of the menu, their combo prices seem to be a MUCH better value than just purchasing full chickens, or full orders of Carne asada!
5	For any poor basterd who thinks that "the Crazy Chicken" is good, i say try this chicken who isnt so crazy (or expensive) and your sox will be rocked!El Pollo grabs el pollo loco by the throat and stangles it into submission. if these two restaurants were in a cock fight you'd be foolish to place your money on the corporate backed "crazy" bird!Previous Yelpers have summed it up pretty nicely; The charbroiled red skinned chicken is roasted to perfection and the carne asada is grilled but not so much to make it tough, retaining its lovely hue of pink in the middle. The combo plate is by far your best choice, giving you the advantage of both their delicious cow and bird meat on the same plate with accoutrements of sauteed red onions, pinto beans, and a uniquely homemade salsa fresca. Your choice of flour or corn tortilla.The chicken is unlike any other i have had, the skin is crispy and delicious and a crimson colour which screams eat me!If you've ever stepped outside of cartel and thought to yourself "what is that mesmorizing aroma!?"that my friend is El Pollo tantalizing you to step on in and have a wonderfully homecooked meal for under $10Beat that El Pollo Loco!
4	I felt like I was standing by my old bus stop in Nayarit eating my favorite "street chicken".  The chicken was delicious- and the tortillas were great. The beans were good, although a touch too salty. I thought the salsa was a complete miss. No flavor. Maybe it was an off day. The marinade is what makes this place worth going back for, even if they make me stop at the ATM first !
4	I tried El Pollo Supremo based on a recommendation from my professor. I always though he was a smart man, but after eating here I know it. For under $5 you get chicken  that is juicy and flavorful and a plateful of tasty sides and condiments. Wrap it all up in one of the piping hot tortillas that comes with your meal and enjoy. Another testament to the quality of the food is the fact that on my most recent visit no fewer than three police officers stopped in for lunch. You don't get that kind of patronage unless you are everything that El Pollo Supremo is: cheap, fast, friendly, and delicious.
4	YUMMY!  Had both chicken and beef and YUUUUMMMMEEEE!  I'll pay attention to the saltiness I never noticed that, but from what I know I could eat at this place everyday and never get tired of it... And it's not 15 bucks for a meal!  You can get the 2 peice chicken combo for 5 bucks7 bucks for beef... water, bing bang boom you got yourself a nutritious meal, for cheap!!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
5	This was the very first place I dined in AZ when I moved here to attend Arizona State.  I've gone there about 125 times in the 15 years since.  the place isn't much too look at, but there's enough to look at in Tempe to worry about that.  I'm there for one and only one reason - the finest grilled chicken in Phoenix (all competitors fall flat) coupled with some outstanding tri-tip.  I honestly feel like the tri-tip in the late 90's was better than it is now, but it is still very good.Tired of the usual?  Try this place.  Very easy on the wallet, too.
4	I've heard good things about this place, so I finally got around to checking it out. (Tip: As other people have noted, this place is cash only.)Anyway, I just finished my meal from there and I'm so excited about it, I had to post to Yelp!Since it was my first time there I got the combo, which includes two pieces of chicken (breast and leg), and a decent portion of carne asada. Both were amazing, but the star here is the restaurant's name-sake. The chicken was moist, tender, salty (in a good way) and just all-around flavorful... and the crunchy skin was delicious.I ended up eating the chicken by itself and saved the soft, doughy, warm tortillas for the carne asada. It also came with a side of salsa, onions and pinto beans. The pinto beans were nothing to be shrugged off either, probably some of the best I've ever had.I am now left stuffed and happy - and all for about 8 bucks. I think I could easily go back and probably just get the chicken sometime and be just as satisfied for even less money.... or the carne asada when I'm in the mood for that. Either way, I'll definitely be back.
3	This place seems like a hole in wall but the food is very good and modest. They have chicken or steak. This chicken is red on the outside and the flavor is great. You can get plates or meals. You get tortillas, some plain salsa, cabbage that is very good, and your meat. I've only been here a few times but if you want something casual and feel like something yummy you can eat with your hands I would recommend it. The prices are very reasonable. You can eat here or take it to go.
3	We stopping in for a quick meal and split a half chicken.  The chicken was very tasty and similar to Tandoori Chicken.  The outside was flavorful and dry-ish while the inside was juicy.  The skin was extra crispy too.  It is definitely some of the best chicken in town.  We did a little build-your-own tacos with the pickled onion, salsa fresca, pinto beans and corn tortillas.  It was refreshing to find a Mexican joint that didn't bathe their beans in lard.  Two of us split the half chicken and left satisfied.      We were there at 8 15 and they flipped over the closed sign around 8 30 even though the hours on here say open until 9p.  May want to call ahead if you are trying to get there before close.  CASH ONLY
5	Mexican barbecue, as good as it gets!Two stories, one funny, one stupid:Tempe Urban Legend: At one point El Pollo Supremo had a fire. The staff of East Side Records (RIP) had to evacuate as well as they shared a wall. As the firefighters arrived, one turned to the other and exclaimed, "We have to save this place! Their chicken is awesome!" Don't you want to eat at a place that the Fire Department is desperate to save?As I was standing around bullshitting outside a friends shop in Tempe one day, a girl in her early twenties was hanging out as well. The smell of the grills at El Pollo wafted over and she asked, "What is that place? Smells good!" "El Pollo Supremo" I said, "Mexican Barbecue." "Oh I hate Mexican food!" she said...too dumb to listen to her own nose! Tip: Don't ever let racism get in the way of eating at a place that your own nose tells you is good!My favorite part about El Pollo Supremo is that they have chicken or beef. No substitutions is up on the menu, I am not sure what you'd substitute though as there is also a half chicken half beef option. Tortillas, red onions (eerily red), beans and salsa come with your chicken and beef.  Get some Horchata, do it right!
4	Seriously good, authentic food. You can't go wrong with the chicken or the steak. Please go (and ignore the decor). CASH ONLY!!!!
4	This place has been here for YEARS... my first time was at least in 2000.  1/4 grilled beef + extra flour tortilla is less than $6.  I find the chicken dry and sometimes the steak might be over cooked... immediately move those slices into the salsa fresca and let them marinate, as you build your tortilla like tacos one by one.  So good!
3	A solid three stars. I was hoping for an american clone of my favorite chicken place in Rocky Point and sadly, this didn't compare. Not even close. However, that Rocky Point chicken is the greatest thing to ever touch my tastebuds and thus leaves very big shoes to fill. The chicken at El Pollo Supremo was a little dry and I really wish there was an option to just get chicken breast instead of the 1/4 chicken that I ordered that was all dark meat. The tortillas served on the side were nice and fresh and I loved the pickled onions. For the price I'm not sure you can find a better lunch. Oh, and David Spade was at the table next to me so I guess what's good enough for celebrities is good enough for me ;)
5	i was in tempe for a weekend ice hockey tourney ( i was one of the hockey huggers) and after one of the games ended, everyone was trying to decide where to go to eat. SunnyD (he went to ASU so he was into the local flavor) insisted that we come here. I was a bit unsure as  everyone was throwing out suggestions like, hamburgers or italian but he stood staunch in his belief that i would love it.So, we went solo.Hmmm...things to note:It's not fancy.It's next to a smoke "accessory" store When we got there, it was a little after the lunch rush and way before dinner time.  it wasn't packed (actually, i think during the time we were there, there  was one guy who was eating, a few people who came in to pick up their to-go orders and maybe a couple or two who were coming in as we were leaving)It's pretty low-key.There's a menu. It states exactly what they've got (chicken or steak, i think were the only options)you get beans, marinated onions and salsa with every order along with your choice of flour/corn tortillas.I got the 1/4 chicken w/ flour, SunnyD got the 1/2 w/corn.HOLY MOLY!  once the order arrived at my table, I noticed two things.1. i don't usually like onions but i love pickled/marinated onions (and that's what they give you, the slightly vinegary yumminess takes the bite out of onions so they are just perfect without having an oniony smell!)2. they char the skin on the chicken just perfect so there's no layer of fat and it's just all crispy skin goodness with a juicy marinated to the bone goodness when it comes to the meat.i ate everything. i literally tried to get as much meat off the bones as I could. I like beans but hello....the chicken....was....heavenly.i could have eaten about another 1/4 (let's be honest, another 1/2 chicken easily)SunnyD made good on his chicken and ate the whole thing too. I think the next time, we can def. go with a whole chicken and maybe another 1/2. It's so good that if SunnyD were to ever ask me to drive out to Tempe from OC to just dine on that chicken again, i would gas up and hit the road.  So bottom line. It's kind of like el pollo loco (but sooooo much better) but more authentic, in a more hole in the wally place that does chicken the way it's supposed to be done. Cash only and plastic utensils (so make sure your fingers work, so you can pull the meat off the bones) I might have to check out the steak on my next visit but I don't really want to spare the room.
5	best grilled chicken in town.
5	hands down best grilled chicken place in the phoenix area.  Only takes cash so be sure to bring some.  Their Carne is awesome as well.  If its your first time there try both meats.  Menu options are limited but hey who needs more?  I'm glad not that many people know about this hole in the wall place or there very much could be a line out the door for their yummy chicken!
4	I'll just echo what everyone else said. It's really good. The chicken is red. The skin is crispy and amazing and it's not greasy or fatty. The chicken is better than the beef (in my opinion). Pintos = very good. Marinated onions = crunchy and good in tacos. Corn tortillas = warm and softGet it to go, because you're not gonna find ambiance here, but the service was good. Warm, simple, cheap, delicious. Mmmm.
4	HOW DID I NOT KNOW HOW AMAZING THIS WAS? Occasionally, a restaurant comes along that makes me want to run around and bang on the doors of all my friends' houses in Tempe and yell, "WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?!" On the other hand, considering my affinity for delicious well-kept secrets, I suppose I respect that there are places in my neighborhood that I have yet to discover-- and will leave me satisfied and wanting more at the same time! OK, to reiterate, this is a hole-in-the-wall. That means you should have no expectations about things looking remotely nice. The first time I walked in, there was a smelly bum asleep on the waiting bench inside. He wasn't hurting anyone though! I thought it was strangely sweet for the staff to let him have a little nap out of the sun... I have simply gotten take out both times, which is quick and painless. Now, a birdie told me that the owners of this place are related to the owners of Restaurant Mexico--which is irrelevant to the food, but it's nice to know about the little connections around town! The talented and tasty apple doesn't fall far from the tree in that family. So-- the FOOD. The chicken is marinated in baby kisses and rainbows before it is mesquite grilled, and I hear the onions are pickled in jalapeno juice and vinegar. Together, that makes these two items alone truly the most delightful combination that man has ever known. I definitely recommend extra onions. The beef is nothing to scoff at-- it's seasoned, thinly sliced and tender.  The beans are beans. The prices have gone up recently and the combo plate (chicken, beef, beans, onions, salsa and fresh tortillas) now costs $7.49, while additional 1/4 lb meat options are up to $3.99. I will definitely be a regular from here on out.
4	Like the beef more than.the chicken...Everybody calls this place the pink chicken because the chicken really looks pink.  The food is great.  I don't think that they do substitutions because they charged me the regular price when I asked if i could get rice instead of beans with my meal.  I usually order the combo meal but thought I'd give the all beef a shot.  I love their tortillas and their pico de gallo is just the right amount of spicy for me.  The only thing annoying about this place is that they don't take credit cards.  I have to make a special trip just to the atm before i come here.
4	Great Food! Really enjoyed the "Combo".  This is kinda take-out style, but does have tables.
4	I've been taking my kids to El Pollo Supremo for YEARS! They love it and still go as adults.I love the marinated onions, the homemade salsa, the flavor of the chicken is better than any other chain grilled chicken.The cost is great and I've always received great service when we go.
4	Man I love this chicken. Their menu is not huge but man is the chicken good. They marinate the chicken and then grill it. I comes out and is red but that is due to the marinade. It is very tasty and juice. I order the 2 piece chicken plate which comes with beans, salsa, 2 tortillas, chicken and marinated onion. Mmmm so good. I have had the carne asada too before but it was a little dry for me but also had great flavorThis is a CASH only place, so stop before going.
5	Heck. Yes.  This place is amazing.  Basic, flavorful, and cheap.  I am guilty for not eating here after passing this place for years because it looks like a sketch fest.  Shame on me.  Don't make the same mistake!
4	I almost hate to write this review...But, here I go.This place is awesome.  I get excited every time I am on my way there and this feeling has never escaped me for the last 8 years or so.  I try to only go once a month.  I order the combo, beef and chicken grilled over some beautiful neon red coals tended by a real human being.  It must be hot as hell to stand there and grill all day.  I think that is awesome, the coals and the human.With their dishes you get some decent beans, good salsa, (expletive) awesome pickled onions and your choice of corn or flour tortilla.  For me flour, always.Now, I have to write this to give them the props they deserve but I want El Pollo Supremo to stay the hole in the wall it has been all these years and stay awesome.The last thing they need is the Man vs. Food jerk in there stinkin up the place.If you visit, live, pass by or get lost in Tempe do yourself a favor and look them up.Oh yeah, it's cash only.  Deal with it.
5	Beef or Chicken. Corn or Flour. Beans, Onions and home-made salsa. Nothing compares to it, and nothing beats it. The chicken is  flavorful, but, I wish I knew what they put on the steak for seasoning, because it happens to be my favorite..Don't go around 12pm-1pm during the week, they have busy lunch crowds from Chase across the street and lots of local government workers as well.  Be prepared to wait 10 to 15 minutes for the food to be delivered to the table, as it is cooking over a wood fire in the kitchen, YES wood fired meat products!!!If its broken, don't fix it. If you are looking for something more than what they have to offer, walk out the door, there are plenty of options in and around El Pollo Loco. I like the fact they only take cash or checks. This option does put people off, but hey, at least they aren't beholden to any credit company. Now if they only offered bottled Coke.. But HQ next door has them, so no worries.
5	I have driven past this past this place 100's of times. I never thought to stop in here until I read about it on yelp. I ordered the combo (beef and chix) although I'm usually not a fan of beef at these places cause its usually chewy. Well, the chix was delicious. For me, just below the too salty threshold, which is perfect. The same can be said for the beef. And I was impressed with the chew on the beef, it had a nice give too it and was delicious. And the grizzle, yum. Getting back to the salt factor, it winds up being perfectly balanced when you put it into the taco with the onions and salsa. Very impressed!
5	2 piece chicken meal is the best deal in town. It's only $3.99, fills you up too.  The chicken is amazing!  It's bright red (don't be afraid just tastes great, not overly spiced) and extremely tasty!  Meal comes with corn or flour tortillas, onions and beans. Though very simple, the beans are killer.  Just go try it for lunch, can't go wrong.
5	My Dad used to come here when he went to ASU and every time he would comes into town, this is definitely a spot we go to. The chicken is so good and perfectly cooked on a grill in the back! [i mean you can see the dude cookin' it up!] None of that already made stuff or cooked on a skillet...no it's a GRILL! The carne asada is so good because once again it is grilled! Their salsa is a tomato base salsa and not really spicy but has good flavor. Their tortillas are basically homemade but are from a local tortilleria in Phoenix. The meal comes with beef, chicken, or a combo, beans and onions! I always ask for a side of rice and grilled jalapenos! Oh and I bring my own lime since they don't have any lol
5	Yumm! That definitely hit the spot.I was a bit confused by their menu, but it's pretty simple. There's not that much to choose from, but everything on there is G O O D!!I had the combo and 1 dollar soda (free refills). This is a moms and pops shop. I love it!! It totally deserves a 5 star. C'mon ppl!!!
5	This chicken continues to be absolutely fantastic. Juicy chicken, crispy skin, excellent beans and marinated onions... Ahhh I love it all. It's also nice that you only have two choices; beef or chicken. Somedays I don't want to waste my brain power deciding between 101 different items. They still only take cash. And they are still my favorite quick lunch in Tempe.
5	WOW! My wife and bro have been telling me about this place for years now but for some reason we never went. We always visit Cartel Coffee on the weekend which is about 100 steps from there and FINALLY this past Saturday we went for lunch after our coffee and I am still kicking myself for not going sooner. The red chicken is ridick and the tri tip was amazing as well. I am (as we speak) thinking of putting in an order for lunch and I work in Chandler! The food does take a little bit but its more then worth it!!!!
5	This is hands down the best chicken in town.  Perfectly spiced and paired with beans and super tasty onions.  Fresh tortillas round out the meal. It is a dive but worth the trip.
2	I had this for dinner last niht based on the great reviews. But gotta admit chicken was very dry and the beef was not that great. It might be that it was 8pm or who knows. I will give it another try but i gotta review on the recent experience.
4	Love this place! Great food and great prices. 1/4 chicken is more than enough food for one, choose between corn or flour tortillas and I always get a side of sour cream.  Staff isn't the friendliest, but easily overlooked by the quality of food. Don't forget to bring cash.
4	Bring cash, they don't take credit cards. Super simple chicken, beans, salsa, marinated onions...put it all together in a warm tortilla and you have one happy mouth. I used to go here a lot when I worked in Tempe. It was always good then and that was 10 years ago. I went again recently with my husband and it was just as I remembered it. Cheap and delicious...if you are in the neighborhood give it a try!
3	Don't know why it got such good reviews.  It was just ok.  Chicken was dry.  It was cheap though.
4	The chicken is killer!
5	Chicken was fabulous, beef was good but not quite as tasty as the chicken. Salsa was fresh, onions were surprisingly different and delicious, and beans were solid. Cheap and tasty = win!
5	Ghetto but spectacular. I constantly wake up craving their beautiful red and seasoned chicken cooked on an open flame.This is my favorite make your own burro type of place that I've been going to since I was little.  Don't expect chimichangas and re-fried beans cause that's not their style. They have a small but satisfying menu consisting of mainly chicken.  Only downside to this place is that it can get pretty toasty when the fire pit is going and it's the middle of summer.
5	I have their number saved in my phone.
5	Pollo Supremo is so supremo!Their food is simple, inexpensive, cooked traditionally, and very unique.I almost always order 1/4 chicken and sort of developed a ritual way of eating it:I take my fork and strip the bits of chicken from the bones.I take my onions and spread them into the chicken pieces. (If the pieces are too big, I break them apart with my hands.)**Wash your hands first before eating, its more fun to use your hands!**Finally I take my tortillas, tear off little strips, and use them to make little bites. You can take your fork and top of off with some of that delicious salsa.Each bite has all these flavors, and its really delicious.The restaurant itself is very small and plain, and almost a tad dingy if you ask me, but not dirty. Its not a place to take someone on a first date, but its a fun and cheap place to go to on a regular basis for some food you'll always crave, and will never change!P.S. - If you forgot cash, just go to the Circle K right across Ash, and get a drink + cash back. Easiest solution. Oh, and once you become a regular of Pollo Supremo, check out Cartel Coffee (right behind them) - the best coffee spot in Tempe. :)
2	El Pollo Supremo is a pint-sized version of "El Pollo Loco" with fewer food choices and the inability to accept credit/debit cards. Ultimately, whether you choose the corporate fast food giant or this little hole-in-the-wall, the food, the taste and the price are all about the same.All in all, the food here is just "ok".  In Southern California, I grew up eating this style of food regularly and El Pollo Supremo, while offering a familiarity I appreciate with its simple beans-meat-tortilla approach, is absolutely nothing special.  I've had both the Chicken (pollo asado) and Beef (carne asada) dishes here.  Occasionally, the chicken arrives overcooked and dry.  The steak has been consistently pleasant and is quite tasty, moreso on its own than when mixed with the other ingredients.  The beans are always plain and the watery salsa certainly isn't anything to write home about, but it all works in that way that simple, decent "comfort" food should.  As for price, it's certainly not as "cheap" as some make it seem, but it won't break the bank, either.  Figure $10-$12 per person and everyone's belly will leave happy.  The best value is to grab a few friends and split a couple items.  If you've got a picky date, this is the perfect place to take them, because they'll only have to make one decision...chicken or beef!Please note that there is really nothing "wrong" with El Pollo Supremo.  However, there is nothing particularly outstanding about it, either.  The 5-star and "100%" ratings across the internet review boards are certainly more than it deserves.  People in Phoenix seem to have a skewed idea of what "good" Mexican food is and have a habit of glorifying mediocrity whenever possible.  This place received a "Best of Phoenix" award for 2011...that just proves my point!  Since we're just tossing acclamations out there, I'll give El Pollo Supremo the "Best of Mediocre" for 2012.  Now on to the next joint...
4	Get the combo, SO tasty.  I liked the beef better than the chicken.
5	Oh my tasty goodness!  This very small and basic hole in the wall restaurant is cash only, and so worth it.  I go with the combo of steak & chicken.  I love the pickled onions & the salsa tastes just like my Tata used to make.  Although I feel like the flour tortillas are a little undercooked, they are still delicious.  No frills, no fuss, just good food.  I will absolutely be a regular here.
3	It was my first time here, so the nice counter lady said I should try the combo deal for $7.99. I had to minus a star for the carne asada because the majority of pieces were too chewy to consume and some slices had fat on the ends. So with that meat eliminated, I moved on to the chicken, which came in a red version and was the highlight of this joint. The two-piece all-white was one breast and one tiny wing, but I thought i was getting two breasts. I could have used that extra big piece of chicken too because my last of the giant three tortillas had nothing to put into it after the tasty first piece didn't last long. Best side dish was probably the marinated onions and the forementioned tortillas. Crispy skin on the chicken also, so I will return for more pollo por favor.
4	This place is weird, and not what I expected by the reviews on here. You order some tacos, and they give you the cooked stuff to make them yourself. Nothing prepped, chicken still on the bone. Delicious food though, just weird...
4	Awesome and basic.
4	A divey Mexican place that only serves chicken. It was ridiculously cheap and actually quite tasty. The place has obviously got grilling chicken down and the sides such as the onion complement the chicken very well.
5	Crazy deliciousness, super uber supremo, perhaps take the deliciousness outside if you don't want that particular type of authentic experience.  :)  An institution in Tempe, well deserved.
3	Family run small business in Tempe. Everything was tasty but not terribly exciting. Very limited options. Seems authentic.
5	Tri tip  is very good  !!!! Hot tortillas!!
3	3 stars stands for A-OK, and that's exactly how I feel about El Pollo Supremo, it's A-OK. I love hole in the wall type of joints, especially when it comes to Mexican food. I was expecting to have my mind blown with delicious chicken and carne asada, and while it was good, I didn't think it was as spetacular as others were raving about.Maybe since we came in here on a Sunday and not during normal lunch hours during a busy lunch work week, maybe the food was sitting out, allowing the chicken to dry out...just perhaps that was the case...but seriously, my chicken was really dry. The carne asada was pretty good and seemed super duper fresh. The beans, tortillas, and pickled onions were all good. Again, the food was okay, but nothing to write home about. The service is super friendly. I believe El Pollo Supremo is a cash only place.
1	Another business that doesn't get it. First off, I walked in here and the cook was in the middle of rolling the garbage cans outside or somewhere. Then I start looking at the menu board and the cook appears in the kitchen window offering suggestions, but failing to wash his hands. In between those two instances, I ask the Mexican women if there is a combo that doesn't include their nasty, fatty beef? Nope, whatever the menu says cannot be changed. So, if you want their chicken then you have to order everything ala carte, but if you want their chicken and beef then you are allowed to get the $7.99 combo? Makes no sense, but I hope for the guy's sake that ordered the whole chicken right after I left that the cook washed his hands, but that would be wishful thinking for this unfriendly dive.
5	The food here is awesome. I always get the half chicken. If you get corn tortillas it's a healthy delicious lunch. Remember, it's cash only.
5	The best meat around!  I have heard the chiicken is very good, but I can't get myself to order anything but the beef.  It is so so so so good.  remember to bring cash as they don't take credit and there is nothing worse then getting in there and smelling how delicous the food is and then having to leave to get cash :)
5	Well yesterday i was a total chicken junkie. I wanted more after I devoured 4 pieces. Seriously the best grilled chicken I think I have ever had. Yes, i had major munchies but this is beside the point. It was seriously beyond satisfying and I need more in my system this week. Beautiful red skin and delicious juicy interior. I'm freaking hooked. You get two choices people, just TWO. If you can only have two options on your menu, you know it has to be freaking fantastic and it is. They have perfected the grilled bird and I am so grateful I stopped in. Beans, tortilla, salsa, chicken...this girl couldn't have asked for more. Sometimes less is truly more.Seriously BOMB!
5	Love me some red chicken! Always delicious, fast, and great service. Cash only!
2	I had high expectations after reading the reviews from my fellow yelpers, but.. not sure if it was because I stepped in later than a usual lunch time (i.e. at 1pm..) or what, the quarter chicken I ordered was NOTHING close to "juicy". On the contrary, it was so dry, I had trouble cutting through it with my plastic knife! ALSO, I had to continuously dip it in the salsa just to make the meat edible. The flavor was good, but WHERE is all the JUICE in the meat? This leads me to think that, albeit being nice and friendly, these folks just couldn't care less about the consistency or quality of food they serve. Two stars, done-and-done.
5	I don't care that this place only takes cash. I don't care that the inside doesn't look fancy. I don't care that the menu doesn't have that many options. In my opinion, this is the best Mexican food in all of Arizona maybe even in all of the USA. I grew up on this food. I have been coming here since age 6. I always get the flour tortillas and put the beans, rice, chicken and salsa in them to make a burrito. The taste is heavenly. I have been to many places in Mexico and I have never found anything quite like their amazing chicken and salsa anywhere else. I moved to Miami and the only thing I miss about Phoenix is this place. I fly back just for El Pollo Supremo.
4	The chicken is very good and different from the norm.. The beans always seem to be very salty thou. But, excellent chicken and taste good. Don't care for the onions they give you with meal. But as always good eats on the chicken,ha !!
4	Delicious chicken barbecue! Although time was a factor, it took 5 minutes for me to be assisted. Although, the food was worth the wait. I ordered 1/2 chicken that came with a choice of flour tortillas, pinto beans,Salsa, and pickled onions. I satisfied my thirst with a refreshing Jamaica drink. I took my food to go as the establishment was a bit crowded. I enjoyed the chicken. It was crisp where it needed to be and still moist! Eating it with tortilla and salsa made it heaven. I'd definitely come back here and highly recommend this place if you enjoy a good Mexican plate.
4	I was surprised how much I liked this place! I had a quarter beef and it was delicious. Not too much food, and the price was right!
4	Been going to this place for years about time I wrote a review. Basic fajita and chicken menu that has stayed the same, Great.  Love to sometimes just get the rice and beans if not in mood for meat, my vegetarian friends like it too. Love Love Love this place anyone I have ever taken has loved it too (ALOT  over the years).  staff always friendly. Would have given 5 stars but sometimes it can be a little warm and seats a little hard, so I get it to go.
3	First timer here, and didn't know that the beef took longer than the chicken to prep. I ordered the combo plate which was 1/4 lb. of beef and 1/4 of a chicken.  I waited about 15 min. while 4 other customers ordered after me and left with their food before me.  Soo, I left, somewhat upset (mainly cause I was hungraay).  I took a peak at my food while I was at a stoplight and it didn't seem like a lot of food either.  I was prepared to give this place a bad review now.  But I finally got to sit an eat my lunch and, that shut me up quick.  The flavors were really good, the onions, beans, fresh salsa, and 3 four tortillas that were included were perfect with the grilled meats, and everything was a perfect portion for a filling lunch.  The prices are higher than the original picture of the menu posted here, but that was 4 years ago.  It's still a good value for the amount of food and the quality as well.  I will be returning for sure.
5	So good, I eat here at least once a week and never tire. The pickled onions are crack! Chicken and steak both marinated, freshly grilled deliciousness. Beans, rice, and salsa all delicious a fresh too. Cheap and high-quality. Combine tortillas, rice, steak, onions, salsa and sour cream to make tacos then thank me later. Crazy good.
5	Simple menu but they excel at what they serve.  Homemade tortillas and beans are the perfect compliment to the perfectly seasoned meat.  So delicious that I can forgive that they don't have free refills and only take cash!
4	El Pollo Supremeo, Los Pollos Hermanos; Arizona, New Mexico, close enough right??  Got the combo plate and was a big fan, go visit!
5	This place is really good, before reading on this place is cash only!!!!! Where do I start? I only has the chicken so far, and it was amazing they take their time when making your food. The chicken was tender and juicy and flavored just right, it comes with a side of beans and pickled onions (weird I know) but it works, you also get a choice of corn or flour tortilla. When it comes to good ol Mexican cooked chicken or carne asada this place is legit I will be stopping by since this place is close to me I only wish I found out sooner even though I drove passed this place many of times.
5	This is my FAVORITE place! I have been going to El Pollo for 15 years, it's family owned with authentic Mexican food. They have the BEST salsa in the world, their tortillas are handmade and from scratch every day. The only have Chicken and Beef and you can't go wrong with either and if you can't decided they have an option for half and half. They only take cash, but there is a Circle K next door that you can get cash out. Also
2	What happened? I've been coming here for 27 yrs (since, and all through college) and things have just gone DOWN over the past few years. I used to drive fromS Scottsdale to get take out. Now, I'm just left disappointed. The chicken is much flat and drier than days of yore. And beloved pickled red onions? Less pickled, more briny salt laden. It just does not roll down your arm with juicy goodness like it used to. As a matter of fact--all I taste is salt, salt, Please get back to your roots. I just don't find the inkling to stop by anymore. And God forbid, my hub (after years of Supremo), said he would rather do Loco now. Who's in the kitchen these days? Please bring back your plumper birds and less salty condiments. Please? Please.
4	They do chicken and tri tip. Chicken is hella dry and salty, but the tri tip is bomb!
3	I've been to this restaurants a few times now to get some take out & it's starting to deteriorate in quality. The chicken was always plump & delicious along with the beans & salsa. Lately, however the size of the chicken has become smaller & the last couple of times the beans were really salty. Very disappointed in this, especially because the food was worth the money .. Now, not so much.
4	I loveee their chicken, extremely flavorful. The beef is tasty too, but a little rubbery and hard to chew.
5	This is a local spot with the best chicken in town. Only serves a few things. Cash only!!! Very casual! It's packed at lunch with workers. Most dishes are served with onions and beans. I like a side of sour cream and make mine into tacos. I saw David spade last time I was in. There is an ATM in the shop next door if you need one.
4	This is one of my favorite Mom and Pop hole in the wall places in Tempe. Some friends told me about this joint and so I decided to come by and see what was smoking. Nice!Very simple inside with some booths to sit at and a counter to order your food. Their menu offers Mesquite Grilled Chicken and some delicious Carne Asada Beef. They also have several yummy sides that you can order as well.There are no fancy this or that items here like some other restaurants. Just very tasty food that is cooked with tender love and care. You can see it in the customer's faces as they arrive for a repeat visit.Usually order the Combo Plate with a side of Beans and several Jalapenos to get my juices flowing. They make the Salsa in house and it combines nicely with the warm tortillas and the beef and chicken. Saw several people buying whole and half chickens and getting them to go.Place can get pretty busy during peak lunch time hours and it is very close to the ASU campus. You may even see some short shorts during your visit. Or what they called hot pants now? GO SUN DEVILS!4 STARS
5	Absolutely delicious and so simple. Been coming the el pollo for years now. It's always been delicious. I love their chicken. That's the best thing they've got on the menu in my opinion. Give his place a try!
5	Tonight was my first time at this restaurant and I must say the food was not only excellent but, with excellent customer service.  We spoke to the son for quite a while and he was such a joy to talk to.  We found out the history of the restaurant. He had such a great attitude. We will definitely come back to this place again. I will refer my friends to come to this place. Pollo Supremo muchisimas gracias por todo. Bien rico!Esther y Jim
1	If you believe the 5 star reviews on this dive, you are "El Schmucko Supremo!" NOW I am truly convinced that yelpers in the Tempe area either have no taste buds or give 4 to 5 stars to immigrant restaurant owners out of patronizing liberal sympathy. What is wrong with you people??? This is a filthy little luncheonette serving up chicken that is too dry to swallow and beef that is so tough you can't even chew it! They give you a little salsa on your plate and charge you for tiny pre-filled cups if you want any extra. The woman behind the counter was utterly unfriendly and did nothing but jabber in Spanish with the cook, caring nothing about whether I was happy with my food or needed anything else. This place does NOT qualify as a restaurant, Mexican or otherwise. The lack of authentic non-chain Mexican food in Arizona, particularly Tempe, is shameful, tragic and  pathetic. What disappoints all newcomers to Arizona is finding out that the state's proximity to Mexico and its large Mexican-American population has NOT resulted in it being a place where one can find great Mexican food.
4	A friend of mine gave a speech at Toastmasters on whole the wall restaurants that he loves and this place, was on the list. I could not disagree because I, I love it as well. The chicken and beef is cooked above a real wood fire and it is delicious and the price, it is low, low, low! However, bring some cash, I don't think they accept cards. I'm not a huge meat eater so I usually don't get the chicken and beef combo plate but I do get the next level up on the chicken plate (I think three instead of two pieces, or some such situation) and then I save the bones for when i make chicken stock at home - as they are perfect for it having been wood fire roasted.The beans here can be a bit on the salty side but love the homemade salsa and the pickled red onions - I generally pull the chicken meat from the bone and wrap it up in a corn tortilla (you can get corn or flour) with the salsa and onions, and it is wonderful! You can eat at the restaurant but many people get the meals to go and take them home, which is how I tend to roll. Look, this is not high-class dining but it is a solid example of the beloved hole in the wall and the people behind the counter, always friendly. I've ordered meals from here many times and will order many more - grilled chicken at a great price, try it out and share you what you think of the place. :-)
3	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  Grilled chicken or beef - that's it!  Plates come with beans, salsa and tasty tortillas!  Rice is available for an extra charge.I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
5	I've been coming here since 1998 and it's still the same friendly staff. I'd come more often if Peoria want so far away. .. I come anytime I am even remotely nearby!
5	Soooo damn tasty! Simple menu of chicken and carne. Beans are good, onions are awesome salsa is the shit. Love this place!
1	All in all an meh experience. The chicken was tasty and moist, but not really as flavorful as I would like.. The beef was just okay. I agree with everyone who says that the onions are way too salty. The beans are pretty bad actually, as is the salsa. It's worth it if you want to just come and pick up a chicken...
3	Tried it out tonight. Honestly, It's good, but not as good as what I have imagined. Maybe an average good Mexican grill restaurant. Still I would recommend it.
4	I'm originally from Southern California so I'm a big fan of good hole in the wall Mexican food. The staff here is nice, it helps if you speak Spanish which is another thing I miss about these places being from SoCal, but their pollo asado is awesome. The food is basic, beans, chicken, tortillas and rice is extra. It's good, comfort food and very flavorful. As a plus, its probably in the best strip mall in Tempe, next to an awesome comic shop, Otto's Pizza and Cartel. Give it a try if youre in the neighborhood.
5	Nice place to eat and read (at least for me). Big plate of good food for not much money. Cash only.
5	I'm tellin' ya, if the Internet and Yelp existed in the 80's, they would have retired me as The Duke, 'cause I was here at least 3 days a week when I went to ASU.  20+ years later, they haven't changed the recipes: tortillas are tasty and served hot, chicken is juicy and tasty and comes right off the grill, beans/onions are yummy sides, and the salsa is my favorite of all time/anywhere!! I repeat, best salsa EVER!Cheers!RS
5	This is one of my go to spots whenever I find myself in Tempe. Admittedly the very first time I tried it I was like this is great but not as wonderful as it was pumped up to be, however I gave it another shot and have been going here ever since. Both of the meat options are delicious, but I prefer the scrumptious pink skinned grilled chicken the very most. Usually I get a small order of both meats and mix them together in a taco/burrito fashion. The decor is basic, but the food is bomb. The workers are humble and friendly and the food makes great leftovers too, what more could you ask for?! :D
5	I have been coming here since I was a kid and it's the best beef and chicken I have had. It's one of those hole in the wall places that I love, they always have the best food !  I love to get the combo plate with a side of rice and sour cream trust me you can't go wrong
4	The grilled steak was on point since it was made to order. Seasoning was great, came out hot and dare I say best quality of meat for a fast food Mexican shop. Less mystery, more natural in texture and actually a desirable cut.Wish the chicken had the same juiciness but I can imagine it to be hard to turn around rotisserie that quickly so it had to be pregrilled.  Rice and beans were on the salty side but the pairing withy the tortilla allowed me to overlook that. Will be back!
