3	I could hardly wait to try this place, I have been following renovations of the old GW Fins, patiently waiting for the grand opening of Delta's.  The restaurant itself is pretty plush with soft yellow and green colors and smooth old school R&B playing in the background.  The bar area is very nice and I'm sure it will quickly become a happy hour hit. Now on to the food....I started off with the soul folks dumplings which are steamed but were dry....lightly stuffed with collard greens sweet potatoes, crawfish and fennel served with 3 sauces (careful that hot mustard snuck up on me and opened up my sinuses).  The fried chicken and sweet potato waffles didn't blow me away and lacked flavor and the waffles were soft.  The black-eyed peas over rice was very good, and the mac n cheese baked in its own bowl with crusted cheese on top was quite the show stopper though it could have used a tad more flavor.  They will eventually open for lunch and offer live jazz on the bar side.  Overall the food is good, I just set my expectations a bit too high for this first visit I guess, but looking forward to the live jazz and trying other menu items.  Thanks Silas for being a great server!
2	I've been eagerly waiting on Delta's to open. It seems the date was pushed a couple of times, with virtually no updates on the website or other sources. Finally, I ventured in - but alas my expectations were too high. After being greeted by the condescending staff and shown to a table in the refurbished GW Fins dining room, there was one trip up after another. The ambiance was solid - perhaps some fresh linens and new silverware following the close of GW's. The place was fairly empty so difficult to get a sense for 'the vibe.' The food was mediocre - especially at these prices. Soul and southern are tasty, and perhaps hard to find in Uptown Charlotte, but I don't know how many folks are willing to pay $25 bucks for a fried pork chop or fried chicken when Mert's is a short walk away.Food requests were overlooked and delivered in error and there was a mistake on the bill which took about 15 minutes to resolve.I am always an advocate for new restaurants in Charlotte and hope Delta can pull it together in time before the 'For Lease' sign returns to the window. Give it a try, let the market dictate Delta's success, good luck!Interesting trivia for you... the original Delta's is based in New Jersey - who knew 'they' were going to teach us about 'southern cooking?'
4	I will begin with the phone call to make reservations.  I was asked if I was familiar with the dress code.  Being tolerable, I said no.  She proceeded to inform me what was not allowed...sagging/baggy pants, jeans, athetic apparel and so on and so on.  I was no longer listening.  I was also informed that there was a 15 minute grace period for arrival.In any case, my dinner date with the hubs was quite nice.  After reading some of the reviews, I found the wait staff to be attentive and professional.  Since we were on a tight time schedule before the Esperanza Spalding show, we ordered wine (decent selection), appetizer (duck spring rolls - not bad at all), and or meals all in one fell swoop.  My entree consisted of three vegetables (as always, I wanted to eat what I ordered) consisting of yams (sweet potatoes, of course) which were delightful, mac & cheese (not bad and great with the Red blend), and cabbage (never again!) - see photo.  *I am teetering on 3.5 stars out of 5.*Overall, my first was not bad at all.  The bar area was much more popular than the dinner side of the restaurant.  They had a nice band playing jazz music (with a violinist; a style similar to Michael Ward and Ken Ford).  Deltas still had the new 'place to be' atmosphere.I will certainly give Deltas another try in the near future - hoping for improved Yelp ratings.
5	Due to a mix up between us and the couple we were meeting, no one had made a reservation.  (Oops, we thought, since the place was full and abuzz with diners)  Despite this, we were seated quickly and had a wonderful meal.First, the ambience is very nice.  This is a beautiful space and there is live jazz.  The cocktails were very good, especially the Queen's Cup.  In fact, everyone at the table started off with different cocktails and by the end of the evening we all had gravitated to the Queen's Cup.This is soul food--a nice escape from heart healthy, but soooo good.  The gumbo was flavorful without being spicy and chock full of seafood--not the small shrimp and other bits we're used to having but generous large shrimp and chunks of delictate fish.  It was fantastic.  The fried catfish was scrumptious.  It came with a dipping sauce but was perfectly fried and didn't need an embellishment.Dinner was decadently heavenly.  The fried chicken and sweet potato waffles was glorious.  The chicken was perfectly fried--crispy, tender and not a bit greasy.  If the way to judge a soul food restaurant is by their fried chicken then this one is "off the charts" good.  The waffles were soft and had a hint of cinnamon.  I decided to rip off strips and dip them in the syrup.  But there's more to love:  the sides.  The macaroni and cheese was simply the best I have ever had anywhere--ever.  It was cooked in a small crock and did not have any adulterants (like bacon or lobster or other foolishness).  It was exquisite.  The red beans and rice were nice and mild and I doused them with a splash of hot sauce--yum!  The fried okra was equally delicious.  Each entree comes with 2 sides and there are innumerable options.I wish we could have tried dessert, but there wasn't an inch of room after that feast.  Anyway, we have a new favorite when we are in the mood to have decadent Southern food.
4	The atmosphere here is swank! I really love the decor and the lighting is perfect for a relaxed, almost romantic vibe. I am glad they now have valet parking as that was very helpful. Both waiters I had were very friendly and attentive. Definitely A+ service. Now to the food. I have been here twice in the 3 weeks they have been open. I was surprised the 1st time. I went with 3 other people and we were all shocked at the portions. We are used to soul food being served in heaping portions for $8. So imagine our surprise when our $20 soul food arrives in small portions. That time I had the catfish with collards and string beans. It was good. The sweet potato cheesecake that night was amazing though! Sadly, I went back a 2nd time (this time with 4 other people), and the cheesecake was different. I was told they are trying out different bakers and this baker makes is different. Disappointing, but the waiter told me they are bringing back the old baker. However, on the positive side, all of my out of town guests LOVED their food and one even said the friend chicken was the best she ever had! I recommend: smothered pork chops, blackened catfish, collards, mac & cheese.
4	Deltas - I'm rooting for you to one day be in the 5-star category.  For now, I'm going with a 4, but only because I cannot give you a 3+.  The Great:  Wonderful martinis!  I love you for this alone.  We were a table of 10 and several of us ordered the inventive selections from your mixologists.  I'd go back just for a martini and an app.  The place is quite nice-looking: floor to ceiling windows, white linen, soft leather, great lighting, inspired presentation.The Good:  Attentive service from the waiters.  Seemed obvious they were new to the serving position, so were a  bit stilted, but they were genuinely trying to please the diners at our table and I give them an A+ for effort.  There were several dishes which caught my eye but I settled on the standby of mac and cheese (cooked in its own dish to cheesy perfection) and fried chicken (seriously good).  Others at the table ordered ribs (I snagged one - tasty), salmon (tasty).  Overall, everyone seemed to enjoy their food and would welcome a second visit.The No-So-Good:  Seat us for goodness sake.  Three hostesses standing around trying to figure it all out and not being very friendly in the process made an immediate, less than favorable impression.  Could be due to new restaurant jitters.  But here's my only real issue with Delta's - the music.  I can deal with soft jazz playing in the background.  In fact, that would be a nice touch.  But at 8:00 on a Friday night, the music was unbearably loud, so much so that it dominated the restaurant and did not allow for conversation among diners, which is really a reason we're there.  To connect, eat good food and relax from the workweek is Friday night goal. This can't be done with the music blaring in the background.  Lower the decibels a bit and we have a plan!There was definitely enough here to warrant a second visit.
3	Dion L., Simone M., Katie M. & I decided a few weeks ago we wanted to try out this new soul food restaurant & I must say, Delta's is quite interesting...For 7 PM on a Wednesday night, the place was fairly empty, which made me a bit nervous, since this is optimal dining time.  We were greeted by three nice ladies at the hostess stand.  Word of caution - your entire party needs to be with you - whether you have a reservation or not. They won't seat you until your entire party is there.It's very upscale & honestly, after walking in, it really doesn't fit the surrounding area outside. You walk in & you're being transported into another world! As JB pointed out, the ambiance is really nice.  Large space with lots of wood, a beige & light brown color scheme, fresh linens, fancy silverware, glasses, & dinnerware.  The wait staff are dressed in black dress shirts, black pants, & black shoes. There's a fully stocked bar, with plenty of seating.  A large private dining room in the back, which faces North Tryon Street.Katie & Simone decided on a drink prior to dinner, so we stood at the bar while they got their drinks. There was a young bartender, who was very friendly & knowledgeable about adult beverages. He had just moved here from New York, where he worked at one of the Pio Pio restaurants as one of their mixologists. He made Katie & Simone the perfect, strong drinks.  Drinks are a bit pricey - their drinks were $10 each.We were seated in a nice booth & had a very nice waitress named Jedda? (Jenda?, I can't remember), & within a few minutes a waiter brought out some water & cornbread muffins & butter (the cornbread has a sweet flavor). Jedda was very knowledgable about the menu, it seems she has tried everything on there, or she knows what items are popular with patrons. The entrees include two sides, but the cheapest entree is $16.95 (grilled salmon) & the price goes up from there.  I was taken aback by the pricing for appetizers as well. The cheapest item are the "soul folks dumplings" & they were $7.95.  I settled on the catfish fingers & a side of mac 'n cheese (see picture). The catfish fingers are $10.95 & the mac 'n cheese is $5.00. Sides are a la carte, with two sides being $3 & about eight - ten (I think that number is correct), being $5.00. So ideally, you could make a meal out of just sides. The presentation of food was top notch. The mac 'n cheese had that nice cheesy baked crust on top, with just enough crisp to lock in the hot temperature of the mac 'n cheese mixture underneath. I was a bit disappointed that the catfish fingers didn't have any kind of seasoning; however, I added some hot sauce & it made a world of difference. They were lightly fried, but had a rather fishy taste to them. :( Another disappointment: there wasn't many "fingers" to be had. However, the tarter sauce that came with the catfish fingers was delicious. It was creamy & had a nice spicy kick.  We all decided to share the soul folks dumplings appetizer, which fell short of our expectations.  We were expecting dumplings like you would get at a Chinese restaurant.  It's hard to describe what we got. :D  They were very thin & "doughy" & didn't have a lot of flavor. There was soy sauce, honey mustard, & hot mustard sauce for dipping. Dion, Katie, & Simone's dishes of seafood medley, mac 'n cheese, green beans, smothered pork chops, mac 'n cheese, collard greens, fried chicken, mac 'n cheese, & yams all looked delicious. They all were pleased with their dishes.For dessert, we shared some banana pudding which was heavenly. Nice slices of bananas, just the right amount of pudding, whipped cream, & caramel.Our water glasses stayed full & Jedda kept check on us constantly. We had several staff come over & take away our used dishes & such. They were all friendly & professional.We also had a special treat...live music! The band was really good. They sang/played plenty of R&B/soul music from the 70s - 90s. Katie & I even got out on the floor & danced around for a second! :)Delta's has a lot of potential, but the prices & ambiance might intimidate a lot of people. I hope they'll do well, though!
3	There's just something inherently wrong with paying a bill of $30 for a plate of mediocre Southern food...however, I will give some props for the atmosphere and friendly service.  But I reiterate. SOME props. Not enough to bump the star-factor up to 4. First off, I'm the kind of person who will, yes, pay $8 for a "gourmet" banh mi sandwich that should cost $2 at a food stall in Chinatown.  I "get" paying $12 for a bowl of delicious, slurpy ramen noodles.  However, paying $30+ for fried chicken, green beans and mac and cheese and a shared appetizer and dessert seems...seems...really wrong.  While our server was chatty and helpful and gave us recommendations, I was sad to discover the fried chicken was dry, but okay. The green beans were good, but unfortunately rivaled ones at KFC, and mac and cheese was good, but again, nothing exceptional. (Ordered as a side, I believe the sides were $5 each.)This exact meal could have been purchased elsewhere for half the price.  Oh, and the Southern dumplings (forgot the exact name of them) were odd.  I'm Asian.  I know dumplings.  These were...generic tasting, came in a cute steamer...and were accompanied by two sauces.  One so outrageously hot, the other not so hot...and both mustard based and not special.  For the price, $8 is not worth it. I should also point out, because of my HANGRY state (hungry/angry) after getting lost for 20 minutes, I learned my friends, who were already at the restaurant, weren't being seated b/c I hadn't arrived yet.  This is ABSURD. Even with reservations!  So I called the restaurant, told them to seat my friends. The fact Speed Street was going on, and the restaurant's primary garage wasn't open was acceptable...but since there was no validated parking elsewhere available...I thought that wasn't what a restaurant, designed to be upscale, is supposed to do. Oh, a few more things. Yes, the band was rockin' and diners were swaying enjoying the scene.  I felt comfortable there...and from what my friends said, the drinks were great.  However, this simply isn't enough to get me to go back.  I hope for good things for this restaurant...and there seemed to be a good crowd later in the evening, so we'll see how this place does! PS: Yelper Angie P. deserves props for her review...I dined with her and the usual suspects of our noshing group, and her memory is amazing, the detail on her review blows mine outta the water!
4	Delta's is a wonderful new addition to the Uptown, after hours scene. It's an upscale, soul food joint with the best live music in town -- traditional soul, neo-soul, jazz, r&b. I am still uncomfortable paying over $20 for fried catfish or fried chicken, especially when I can go down the street to Mert's and pay half the price with more side options. For now I am sticking to drinks and appetizers, which I consider tapas. I highly recommend the catfish fingers and crab cakes.What you have to keep in mind is that Delta's is selling a very different vibe to what I imagine is a very different crowd than what you may expect at other soul food restaurants in town. Not better, just different. Both nights I was there the crowd was definately thirty somethings and middle age professional African Americans dressed to impress. At least I was impressed. Lots of well respected and influential Black business and finance people came out to support this place last time I was there. Love that. You have to have money to eat here, that's for sure. No jeans, muffin tops or flip flops in sight. Service was exceptional . . .  charming, attentive, and knowledgable. Call me booshy but I WILL be back.
5	Sophisticated ambiance! Loved the music,  outstanding martinis and beautiful decor. The servers are super friendly and professional. We will return and recommend it to our friends.
2	the service was horrible and the sides tasted like they were store bought. Deltas is supposed to be upscale soul food instead it was just intolerable. I will not be wasting any money in this establishment again. If you want real soul food you better of at Merts or McBonnies
3	The GOOD...Atmosphere - Awesome!Complimentary Valet - Pretty good!The foodPresentation - Great!Portion size - Pretty good!Taste - on a scale of 1-10 it was a solid 7Price - overpriced but not outrageously priced when you consider that it also includes the "ambiance"The BAD...If you have more than 3 changes to your menu then its time to get a new menu printed. I am down for a live band but when it gets to the point that I have to SCREAM to talk...they need to take it down a bit. 20% Gratuity for 5 or more. I understand that gratuity is usually added to large parties but I don't consider 5 people a large party. The UGLY...$5 food sharing fee and $15 minimum per person (tacky tacky tacky)I understand not seating until the majority of your party is present but having to wait for the ENTIRE party (tsk tsk tsk - 6 of my 9 arrived at our reservation time and the remainder were shortly behind).If you are going to enforce the "no one seated until entire party is present" have somewhere for the guests to sit while they wait.If a guest tells you that their food is cold..do not NUKE it (microwave) and bring back the partially eaten crab cakes - fix a new dish. Btw, battered lump crab=so not upscale
5	This place is awesome. My boyfriend and I went there and loved this place. The food is perfect. I ordered the turkey chops. But what made it better was that there was a live band that friday night called Snazzi. They were awesome. Great combination of new school and old school and the lead singer was perfect. Her name was Tina. I will be going anywhere they'll be in Charlotte.
1	It's sad bc we drove from Atlanta, Made reservations for 5 ppl for my Bestfriend's birthday and then called back 4 hours later to add one more to our party.... Got to the restaurant and they didn't have our reservations n were nasty about it.  Needless to say we waited for 45 mins. Something told us to leave but we decided to stay, the food Was HORRIBLE - waaaaaaay to salty. The waitress had a bad attitude ( maybe it wasn't her day) but they added a 20% "service charge" to each of our tabs... We didn't feel she deserved that.... The food we received was not even 1/2 eaten... I wouldn't serve it to my dog... They had a lot of business but I would Never go here again!!!!!Oh... But it was a very classy spot for a celebration!!!!! That's y they get a starJuly 28, 2012In that order!!!
5	Ate at Deltas on a Tuesday night. Pretty large crowd with excellent band.  Mac n cheese is absolutely incredible actually ordered a 2nd helping before i finished the 1st.. Crawfish appetizer and dumplings also very good. Dipping sauces really added alot of diverse flavors. Add a couple "delta heat" drinks and all is well. GREAT FOOD!!!!! Love deltas will be back soon. Ask for bartender "blue" she was cool.
1	Ok Where should I begin??? I had been looking forward to experiencing Delta's since it opened. So, I contacted the restaurant and made reservations approximately 3 weeks ago for my birthday bash. My party arrived and our table was not ready in spite of my reservations. We proceeded to wait one hour for our basic drink orders. One attendee never received her mixed drink from the bar. It took another hour for our appetizers to arrive. By that time members of my party had left to go home. I guess they figured two hours for appetizers was more than enough. We had five different servers and none could remember our orders, etc. The food was subpar with many sending orders back. The collard greens and grits need to be removed from the menu until they get another chef. The candied yams were decent. They are getting one star because of the decor and the live jazz was on point. But I have gotten better service and food from IHOP. The only highlight was when my birthday cake was brought out. Fortunately I secured Austin's Bakery for my cake and it was delectable!
1	Attended a birthday dinner for my friend with about 10 others, we placed our apps and dinner orders and ended up waiting close to 2 hours for anything resembling food to appear......I mean we didn't even receive the appetizer ahead of time.....and no explanation as to what was taking so long until 2 hours later.....the manager comes out to make sure we still want the food before they put it on plates...really?  How about a manager appearance at the 45 minute or 1 hour mark?  We did get an apology and half off but still completely unacceptable for a 'wanna be' upscale restaurant...
4	Where do I begin! First off the ambiance of this place is amazing. The decor is so chic and modern. I fell in love as soon as I walked in. We made reservations since it was a special occasion we were celebrating and had no problems. The restaurant is upscale and serves soul food dishes and tonight (Saturday) they were playing live jazz at 8pm. The food...YUMMY! We had the collard greens dip for an appetizer (different but good), fried catfish w/ cabbage and potato salad. All of it was good! I had a hard time choosing what I wanted b/c everything sounded so good. I know what I'm going to get the next time...Meatloaf. Someone at a table by had ordered it and I smelled it deep down in my belly! Yes like the others, it is a little on the pricey side, but oh well I still enjoyed myself. I will definitely be going back there again. Oh, BTW you have to try the Sweet Potato Cheesecake....you will thank me later ;)
1	Its to long of a list of things that went wrong to write here. I was visiting a friend in Charlotte and she took us there for her bday. The atmosphere was excellent! The live jazz band and decor had us going, they started with 5 stars. However, when we finally were able to place our orders it went all the way down here from there. I will go on to even say they were the worst service I had ever recieved from a restaurant. Waited over an hr for our food and out of the four of us only one person recieved a full entree, the rest ordered a combination of appetizers. Waiter would speed by our table and when we finally caught a manager he didn't even seemconcerned just ran off like the rest of the staff. Food was way overpriced for the quality.
2	Love the atmosphere and the scenery BUT the food and especially the service was sub par bordering on horrible.  Nice place for drinks and mingling but if you are looking for good food first what I had the meatloaf was not good with chucks of vegetables inside and it was dry.  The sides were ok yams and red beans were palatable and the greens were above average but the Mac and cheese they may rethink this one.  The tilipia and jambalaya grits were very unoriginal especially me being from LA.  The waiter took our order and we didn't see him again until it was time to pay.  Drinks were never refilled until we asked and it seems the wait staff as a collective group were in attentive to us even though they were serving a table next to ours.  Visiting here from another state I was disappointed but I was generous with the stars because of the music and the atmosphere.
4	I wish I could give half stars because I truly want to give Delta's a 3.5, but to fair I will round up to 4. The atmosphere is absolutely fantastic. For the listening pleasure of patrons, a live band plays in the evenings daily. Also, on Tuesdays they offer great drink specials where the menu listings are creations of the skilled bartenders. Yum!There are two reasons why I give Delta's a 3.5:#1: Service: The waitress/waiters are very cordial. But it takes an unacceptable amount of time for the food to be delivered from the kitchen. We waited over a hour for our dishes to arrive, and when they did, they were cold.  :(#2: The Food: The food is good and has major potential, but is not at its best when served cold. Also, for the price (~$20-$30 per plate) I'd expect more flavor and distinction.Given the atmosphere, live music, and drinks, I'd say that Delta's is a great place for a date or a group outing. However, be weary of the long wait for your main course. Perhaps your experience will be better than mine. It's definitely worth a try!
1	Ok I went out tonight to celebrate a friend's accomplishments and I mean to tell you the restaurant  decor was very tasteful BUT the general ambience was some BOO -JET-O! Delta's in CLT, you are not 5 star nor Michelin starred. People pay for the experience not the "be glad we let you in" attitude and oh BTW, your time at the table is capped to 2 hours. What? What?        The worst part was when I inquired about the tiny table that should have only seated 6 and they crammed 9 of us in it. The hostess said" you had one person added to your party so we tried to accommodate you, since they joined at the last minute." I have been to The Inn of Little Washington, Sequoia's, Tavern on the Glen, Butter and have NEVER been told that. Fine dining establishments allow you to be seated even if you are the first in your party, not this place. No you have to mill around until all can join in. What is this high school? Restaurant Nazi? No seat for you?The stars are because our waitress was super nice, even though I was the last person to be served  in our party and I mean everyone had been eating 15 minutes before my food even came out. Terrible! If it is on your list for CIAA, don't do it Celie!!!! The company I was in was great and made it nice to be out. Will I go back? NEVA!!!
1	I really wanted to like Deltas.  I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, even after I read the reviews.  It's very upscale in there, and I was looking forward to hearing some awesome jazz.  I came in with an open mind; however, the whole experience was very blah overall and disappointing.To give them credit, we were part of a large work party.  I know it does tend to make it challenging to get warm food and service to everyone.  However, I have been to a LOT of places that have been able to do it, so I am confused as to why it could not happen here.They originally assigned 2 wait staff to our table of 12.  However, both of them disappeared frequently and really did not check back with us.  I am honestly a little confused about that, because the restaurant was not overly busy.  We would go about 20 minutes at a time before either of them came back.  Next, we told them we would order around 6:00, because we were waiting on a couple of people.  They had the private area booked again for 7:30, so we all knew we had to be out of there by then.  The waiter came by around 6:15 to take the orders.  He tried to count everyone and have a system so we could get food out correctly.  Right after that, it all turned to chaos.First off, they did not bring out enough salads.  The one person who didn't get theirs right away was in the bathroom.  She had to wait almost 10 minutes for someone to come back so we could let them know.  To their credit, the salad was brought out pretty quickly.  About 6:45 the dinners started to arrive.  Because his system did not work, he had to ask everyone what they ordered as they started setting plates down.  He completely left off my partner's order, but he did quickly go to the kitchen to get it.  Luckily for him, he probably had the only warm meal at the table.I ordered the smothered pork chops with macaroni and cheese and fried okra.  My food was barely luke-warm when it arrived.  The gravy was pretty good, but pretty salty.  I could see how it would be too salty for most people.  The pork chops were fried up like a chicken-fried steak.  It would have been great, except that it turns out they were bone in.  I didn't eat any of of the bone, but when it's battered and then smothered in gravy, it's a little difficult to see.  The meal came with two pork chops, but they were pretty thin sliced, and the bone took up a significant portion of the chop.  And to top it all off, the chop itself was not moist and tender, but pretty dry and a little tough.  My partner had the fried chicken, which was very mediocre.  The thigh was tender, but the breast was very dried out.  The salad was good, with lots of leafy greens and a vinegary Italian dressing, but it had WAY too much dressing on it for me to enjoy it.The macaroni and cheese was pretty decent, but nothing to write home about.  Here in Charlotte, there are so many places with absolutely fabulous mac-n-cheese.  Deltas did not hold a candle to most of the places around here.  The okra was very mediocre, and it tasted like pre-packaged, frozen okra.  Very disappointing.The decor in here is absolutely gorgeous, though.  It was very upscale, with some fabulous, unique booth design and great lighting.  It's very open, and not terrible crowded.  Since it was a jazz club, I expected them to be playing jazz music throughout the restaurant, even when they don't have live jazz.  However, it was modern R&B, which was pretty disappointing.  The servers were very cordial, though, and all the staff we dealt with was so nice.The other bad thing is how difficult it is to find.  Every single person who came had difficulty finding it.  If you're coming from the interstate, which is like a block away, you cannot see the sign for the place from the road.  It completely faces the other direction.  All of us drove past it, and then finally came back around to find it.  Apparently, they also have valet parking?  We arrived early, and there was no valet in sight.Finally, the prices there reflect the upscale nature of the place.  But really - $18 for mediocre fried chicken???  I am glad the company paid the bill, because it was not worth the cost.  This is really a great concept, but with all the delicious, upscale places to eat uptown, they really need to step up their game.  While, this is probably a great place to get drinks and listen to some great jazz, I don't think I want to be disappointed again.
4	Went for Tini Tuesdays - They have specials on drinks and appetizers ($5). I tried the 4th Ward here's the description from the site : A simple sipping cocktail for the cognac enthusiast.Cognac, Cointreau, agave nectar, fresh lemon syrupServed upIt was pretty good - I haven't had brown in a long time so this drink definitely sneaks up on you . On Tuesday at least as far as I know they have live Jazz . This time it was a band and singer. They weren't too loud and didn't sing any off the wall songs so I was happy. They do have a pretty long bar , and ample dining space. It's in a nice location , and there is free parking in the church parking deck right next door. That parking deck is a little creepy I def wouldn't walk down there at night by myself too many corners and doors to go through .. but there is always street parking!
2	What a disappointing experience!  I had the fried chicken with sweet potato waffles.  The chicken was ok but it was a weird pairing with the sweet potato flavoring of the waffles. For sides, I had macaroni and cheese and green beans.   The macaroni and cheese was only ok and the green beans tasted like they were right out of a can.   The biggest let down of the evening was the red velvet cake.   It was pink and tasted like a jello poke cake.
3	I drove past  the restaurant twice because it's not too visible while driving.  Anywho, the waiter was pleasant and very professional.  The food was awesome except my potato salad is way better than theirs :).  I am definitely going back on a Friday or Saturday because they play live jazz on those days.  Oh,  it's a little pricey but the ambiance and food is worth it.
4	I went to Delta's with my fiance', his mom, and 4 year old niece on a Sunday afternoon. The atmosphere was nice and upscale, not quite for a 4 year old but she adapted. The food was delicious. I had the gumbo or jambalaya...it was OK, kind of bland but the tilapia was probably the best I've ever had. I also had greens and mac & cheese for a side, they both were yuuummmy! Our waiter was nice, not very attentive but we weren't very needy. Overall it was nice I'd definitely like to go there again.
4	I gave Delta's a second chance and I must say that they REDEEMED themselves.  The food was excellent. I had the smothered pork chops, mash potatoes, and green beans.  EVERYTHING  was delicious.  Not like my previous visit.  It's a great place for girlfriends to get dressed up and fellowship.
3	I actually had dinner for my next visit . We initially had a large party but some couldn't make it and the owner ? Seemed a bit annoyed . The whole reason for this update is the fact that once we sat down they literally gave us a time limit to eat "because they run on reservations" ...... Like she literally told us we had to be finished by 7:30. Uh, yea lady I guess but also tell your staff about this time limit as well bc it didn't seem like they were in a rush to serve us . I will still go for the bar and drinks but probably not so much for the food !
4	I was shocked to see the lower ratings for this restaurant. I found it interesting and refreshing. The live music is a nice touch to the delicious food that they serve. I do think that the band is in an awkward place, because its blaring at you the minute you walk in the door, and people are standing around to watch them while making it very crowded and difficult to enter. I have gotten the seafood, which is seasoned and very good. The macoroni is really good, and the collard greens are amazing! The decor is very modern, and cool. I love this place, and will be a regular, BUT, (there is always a but) - the service is very average. The wait staff seems nice enough, but they often disappear and leave a feeling of abandonment. Otherwise, the food and the entertainment is worth it!
2	great service and atmosphere but the food was overpriced and not that great. i ordered blackened salmon and it definitely was not blackened. i'd come back for a drink but not the food.
3	First time visiting Delta's...food, atmosphere and entertainment was great. Went with a group of girlfriends and a good time was had by all. Music was a bit loud for the dinner side so I guess if you want to hold a conversation over dinner  you better get there before 8:30
3	I have to say the place wasn't a total disappointment, but certainly not somewhere I'll go to for dinner too often. To give you some background on my review, here's me. I'm southern born and bred. I'm well traveled, domestic and internationally. I have eaten out at many places from hole in the wall and 5 star spots. This place has great decor, but they need some kind of transition area to keep out the weather. If you're sitting at a table or booth within 75 ft of the door you get a blast of cold air every now then the entire time you're there. I tried calling for 3 hrs to make a reservation before I and two lady friends went but the phones were ringing busy. The explanation when I got there was that there phone system was down. The hostesses were not the least bit concerned nor did they have a welcoming attitude. So we went to the bar to wait, and when the hostess came to take us to our table she actually told us we needed to close our tab before we left the bar area. I had actually already done so, but seriously, couldn't she just have the tab transferred to our table? Okay, no biggie. The table they sat us at was right by the door, frigid place to say the least. Our wonderful waiter Silas (one of the bright spots of the place) was nice enough to allow us to move to a booth that was a lot further from the door. And I will say it again, the hostesses did not show the least bit of concern for us as guests. Now, the food....it was 50/50 for me. Having grown up eating GREAT soul food, I am extra critical. We ordered the duck spring rolls, but after reading that these "duck" spring rolls had chicken in them....WTF?! why on earth would you put chicken in a duck spring roll. Well, the most reasonable answer to me is, they don't really have duck in them. And yep, I was right, not one sliver of duck. And they were luke warm, not hot and crispy as I was expecting. And one the sauces was some regular frenches type mustard....really man? Some notes at the bottom of the menu that bothered me: tables of 5 or more get a 20% gratuity, ok a lil high but I understand, a $15 minimum per person, kind of pretentious but I get it, but charging me a $5 plate sharing fee is a lil bit crazy. Not everyone eats a 3000 calorie meal nor feels the need to buy one. What if I buy 4 appetizers and decide to share 1 entree with my date? Sounds like they're a bit off base here. Now the entrees....we ordered and tried everything we all ordered. We had: blackened catfish with mac N cheese and collards, fried chicken and waffles with fried okra and buttered broccoli, blackened salmon with cabbage and collards. The blackened catfish was awesome...actually here's what else was awesome- mac N cheese (amazing!), collards, fried chicken (seasoned perfectly), waffles, fried okra (not as awesome but very good), buttered broccoli, cabbage (not over cooked and mushy). The blackened salmon was not, it was so overcooked that it was crunchy. All that considered I would not rush back to this place. The ambiance is great, most of the food I tried was great. If they could redo the entryway and replace ALL their hostesses I think this place could be a winner. But the waiter we had, Silas, made things a lil better.  If you do decide to go, ask for Silas.
3	I think the food was great and the drinks specials was even better. I definately recommend the mac and cheese. The problem that I had last night was with the valet and manager. I think they could have used more than 3 guys being that the restaurant had 2 events going on at the same time. It took them over an hour to bring me my car reason being, they could not find my key. After over 45 mins I asked one of the guys several time about the status of my car and he told me that they couldn't find my key and they can call me a cab. At that point I was furious. I asked to speak to the manager by this time it's over an hour. After waiting for the manager for almost 10 minutes they found the key and the manager never came to speak with me. I thought that was very unprofessional that after I asked to speak to him, he never showed and never apologized. I guess I should've been happy that I was given the $5 back for my troubles. Other than the poor customer service with the Valet and Manager I would recommend the restaurant because of the food, drinks and our awesome server India.
3	I had a pre-mother's day dinner with my mother and sisters, 4 of us in all.  We had a reservation for 10:30 pm, but arrived 10 minutes early.  The hostess was not very friendly, bordered on hostile and told us we would have to wait, which we expected. We kind of milled around at the front door, as the bar area was crowded and the live Jazz band occupied a great deal of the that area. Once seated, we were rushed to place our drink and dinner orders together.  Drinks came pretty fast and were delicious.  Out dinner,however did not arrive for 45 minutes after our orders were placed.  My sister asked our server, who by the way never came to offer additional drinks or refill our water glasses, when our food would arrive.  She told us that there was a large party in the back room, which was causing a delay in orders being completed.  She was very  surly and even rolled her eyes as she walked away!When our food finally arrived, I have to say my Salmon was delicious as was the macaroni and cheese.  My sisters had smothered pork chops,which they enjoyed, one said the candied yams were fabulous.  After we finished our meal, during which time the server never made an appearance to see if we needed anything, we had to track her down to get our bill.I have to say, the food and the ambiance of Delta's is great; some of the staff can stand to be retrained or replaced.  The live music is a nice touch and something different that this city needs.I will give Delta's another try, in hopes that we went on a bad night.
3	It's all about 'presentation'!! And apparently Delta's signature is the ambiance of the place. Let us start with the positive: excellent atmosphere, tasty southern/cajun food, wonderful location, and decent live entertainment. Now the negative: almost $20 for a ^&*%$) plate of fried fish? If I pay $20+ for fried fish, then at least it should be halibut. Extremely slow service. The greeter's personality was a tad bit on the 'dry' side. Seems like the person greeting the patrons would be capable of a slight smile......
1	Okay... where should I start. This was our first time visiting this Delta's Restaurant. We had 7pm resevations and we arrived at 7:05. We decided to try the valet parking. Which was 5 dollars...yes prepay too!!  We checked in at the front area and the hostess told us we had the table till 9pm. Why do we have a time stamp. Okay no biggie we went on in as we thought that was a joke. The music was LOUD..... people were everywhere. It was a friday night and I guess that is not a good night to come if your with your spouse. We were seated on the side near the bar. Whyyyy I have no idea. First due to the music being so loud we couldn't even have a conversation because everytime we talked we had to yell at each other. Then we were sitting right near the rail area. If I put my arm over the rail I was in the bar area. This was how close the seats were to the bar area. Then their were people sitting with their backs to our table with the railing in the middle which seperated the bar/club from the dining area. I guess!!  First when we were seated the tables were so close that my seat was touching the person sitting behind me. Sooo everytime he sat down he bumped me. So I don't know if I was in a regular seat or in a rocking chair. Now dinner begins.....I had the gumbo soup which was great. It was spicy and had lots of meat. Yes.... it should it was 8.50 and no it was not a bowl. Right!! My husband had the ceasar salad which he said was a salad, nothing special. On to the meal of .... smothered chicken with mac and cheese and collard greens. My chicken was great. The greens were salty but nothing major to talk about and the mac and cheese was... just mac and cheese. My hubby had the same sides but he had smothered pork chops. Welll it looks like they used all the seasoning on my food because he said is pork chops did not have any seasoning... lol!! Now during our dinner we had several people standing around us talking to each other. I believe I was in about 10 conversations when the people were not talking directly too me. This was how close the people were near us while we were eating. I was pissed. I really could not believe it. It was CLUB DELTAS basically. We were looking around at all the people... we had two people visit our table and they were not waiters. We only had two seats at our table. Two guys were having a conversation right by me and I was eating my dinner. I kept shaking my head before I lost it. Then I guess they finally got the picture. They said we sorry but guess what... the dipsticks then moved down by my husband and continued their conversation. REALLY!!!  Then after we finished eating this guy wanted to take a picture with his boyzzz and put his drink on our table. I was sooo close to knocking it to the floor by mistake. He asked but hell we couldn't respond because the dam music was up on CLUB DELTA volume. He said thanks but still its the principal of the matter. Then our waitress kept getting lost as she could not keep my glass of tea full. Then everytime I asked for a refill it was a 5 minute wait period. Work on it!!  Finally we are at the end of our dinner with the friends from the bar area. When we went outside their were people all outside just sitting on the wall and just hanging out. I guess it was another party in front of CLUB DELTAS. We went out to get our car from the valet guys oooh I meant va-later...yes I said va-later. Why did it take them 30 minutes to get our car. Yes...30 minutes!  Now will we return... auuuh hell no!! They need to work on several things as you see. We went on Friday night maybe it is better on Sunday or  Monday but Friday is only a good day to go if your ready to go clubbin'.This was ridicolous!
3	the only thing that saves this place are the live music and dj's they have on the weekend.  I went there last night and the food was served luke warm. I had to ask the waitress for napkins and silverware with the appetizer. It is overpriced for food i can cook in my home. Drinks are overpriced. the staff is rude
1	I've have eaten here twice already and the second time was worse than the first! I try to eat at places more than once if I have a bad experience due to some of the staff having a bad night or it being really busy. But not this place. First visit was during Charlotte Restaurant week about a year or more ago. The service was terrible, although it was very quite and on a Sunday, you would think the staff would be very attending...nope. We never had our drinks refilled and it took over an hour for our food to get to our table of 6. When our food got there we it was cold and salty and not good at all, and when we got to desert even though we all ordered at once we were told that the kitchen had closed and only a few deserts where able to be served. While the Restaurant was winding down the staff started cleaning up, and started yelling and I mean straight up YELLING at the hostess that there where 3 tables left and to "hurry them along"!! WTF The second time I almost left during my meal, and it was New Years eve and went with a group of couples for the night out. Not one of our orders were correct and most of the people at our table hardly finished their food. The staff was extremely rude and I almost demanded a refund for my tickets. The crowed although we where told there was a dress code was not at all what I expected, people were trashy and incoherent and the staff was cracking jokes at their patrons.
4	Atmosphere was great had reservations I was seated seconds after I arrived. Had a white party going on and the restaurant was able to handle a pretty nice crowd. Nobody in the restaurant looked sloppy everyone was dressed nice I wore jeans. Food was great probably the best chicken and waffles I ever had BUT DON'T ORDER THE MAC AND CHEESE IT WAS TERRIBLE, me and my wife agreed that they should be ashamed of that Mac and cheese. Bottle of wine was a reasonable price wife ate salmon and said it was delicious. Great place just fix that awful Mac and cheese.
1	The continued existence of this restaurant is a blight and travesty on this town. I have never been more appalled by the service of any restaurant. Service SUCKS a big one. I had been to Delta's a few times for drinks at the bar. I made reservations for four to celebrate my birthday. Big mistake. From the moment, we sat down to the time that our entree's came out, it took a full two hours! And they weren't even that busy. Meanwhile we were waiting, both my girlfriend and I ordered drinks. These didn't EVER show up.  I actually had to walk down to the bar to order drinks since my server wasn't bothered.When the food did show up, there was A TWIG! (or hair) in the southern egg rolls. When we told the manager, she didn't even blink an eye. She said that the wicker basket was to blame... Really?As for the rest of the food,  it was bland, unimpressive and ridiculously over-priced. I had some form of salmon cakes over grits. The grits were watery and a major disappointment.When I asked if it normally takes two hours to get a meal, the manager said  that was not unusual.  I can't imagine how they stay in business. If you need soul food, walk on over to Mert's. Better prices, nicer people and delicious food.
3	I must say I am not a huge fan of soul food and prefer sushi and other things but wanted to see the hype of Deltas. The wait was about 15 minutes past our reservation to be seated and out food took an hour to come. By the time the food finally came, we were hardly hungry. The ambiance is nice and the food was mediocre and something I can make at home. I had chicken and waffles with Mac and cheese and greens. The sweet potato waffles were good and my drink which was a French flirt was good. I would go back for drinks and the live band on the weekends but that's about it.
4	My brother took me to this spot for my first time.  The atmosphere was great and the food was awesome. For an appetizer,  I had the soul folks dumplings and my entree was the imperial salmon. I will definitely go there again.
4	Where do I start.  I called to make reservations and at first was put off by being put on hold right away.  After about 30 seconds, the hostess came back to the phone and took my order in a professional manner taking my name, number, date and time of reservation along with a email address.  She confirmed the information once complete.  On to the experience.  Silas is the best waiter in the building.  I had the pleasure of being waited on by Silas on two separate occasions, professional, attentive, and knowledgeable of the entire menu.  My first visitSoul Folks Dumplings - unique twist on a southern app. crispy,  very light. I never thought crawfish, collard greens, and sweet potato would be great together.  Roasted chicken - very moist, seasoned to perfection.  Dark meat falls off bone. white meat is very tenderPotato salad - decent but potato chunks are large and not as soft as I hoped.Second visitFried Chicken and Sweet Potato Waffle - Chicken fried and seasoned perfectly.  Dark meat seasoned great, white meat seasoned well but not my favorite part of the chicken as its not as tender as the dark meatThe waffles are your typical belgian waffle infused with sweet potato which sets this dish apart from others.  sprinkled with powdered sugar and a side of house made syrup.  I loved every bite.  this entire dish is pretty heavy and fit for two meals.  get ready for a to go box.  Chris, the manager made sure to stop by the table to offer any assistance and invite us back for special events.  I will make this a regular stop for special occasions, parties, etc.
1	I finally made it to Deltas. Valet parking, I paid after I left the restaurant and paying $5.00 was no big deal. My car was brought to me promptly.Yes, I did laugh at the 2 hr minimum the restaurant enforces for their tables, but this is America --not Europe --you will have no 3-4 hour dinners here; they have to get those tables emptied to seat the next clients or should I say..... victims?  I mean, really, who in their right mind would pay $18.95 for whiting fish? Their menu prices are outrageous because they are in a high-rent area. My meal?  Meh!Since I wasn't very hungry I opted for a "bowl" of gumbo.  Someone must have counted every ingredient. There was ONE piece of shrimp, about 1/4 cup of rice and the serving was not a bowl it was a cup portion served in a bowl.  The roux, however, was decent.  I sampled one of my friends soul roll? Very greasy and not much flavor. Maybe people that don't cook think the food is good --it's actually mediocre at best.  Glad we left before the band started playing.  Would I go back? No
5	Ambiance:  Awesome!  Waitress:  Awesome!  Food:  Outstanding!  I am from Lawrenceville, NJ and  while visiting my Son in Charlotte, my wife & I  decided to go to Delta's for our 2nd anniversary dinner instead of driving to Atlanta.  My wife & I live approx 20m from the original Delta's in New Brunswick, and I must say that although both restaurants have outstanding food, the physical location in Charlotte is head & shoulders above the physical location in New Brunswick.  From the comp valet parking & DJ that night (23 Oct 13), to the young lady that led us to our seats & the comp champagne w/ strawberries, I have no complaints about the locale, food, service, etc.  I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a classy, affordable, adult night out.
1	Bad experience. We never got our food and they tried to compensate by free cocktail which my husband and I didn't want so we fave them another 20 mins to wait on our order but it never came until we decided to leave. We were seated on time by 7p reservation and had an appetizer and waited til almost 9:30 for our food. Manager came apologize but never corrected the issue. It was so weird and even the waiter apologize got the kitchen forgetting our orders. Worst experience will NOT RECOMMEND AND GO BACK. I heard two of my coworkers had bad experience too and I didn't even mention I went.
4	We've visited Delta's 3 to 4 times, and every visit  has gotten better. This is a beautiful restaurant with a contemporary decor which is perfect. Delta's also offers live music after 10 pm.  The service has improved due to the  hiring of a new manager they also have a good selection of dishes, and constantly expanding the menu, Delta's also offers a variety of events throughout the week we thoroughly enjoy the experience,
1	Worst service I have ever had. Waitress brought me a menu after a meet friends out at deltas but she never took my order and their food took over 1 hour to come out. She asked me if I wanted something after and I said no because by the time it comes out my friends would be finished eating. And this is the second bad experience that I had at deltas. The my friends and I were turned away from sitting or eating because we were told that the kitchen could not keep up...I will not be going there again
4	Soul food baby.   This Minnesotan loved it.     The corn bread to start was fantastic, collard greens were out of this world and the salmon cakes over grits were just what I was looking for while I was in the south.   Top that off with great service all at a reasonable price and this is a place I will visit again next time I'm in Charlotte.
