5	People! Are we not going here? Why aren't we going here? We should totally totally all be wining, charcuterie-and-cheese dining.AWM still looks closed but it is, in fact, up and running. Walk on in and take a seat at the lovely (Lawrenceville-made! With purse hooks! Why do so many places forget purse hooks?) bar, or grab one of the porcelain-top sort of 1950s style tables. Or the comfy couch. Enjoy the paint-by-numbers art that somehow makes me miss the Museum of Bad Art in MA, although the AWM paintings are quite charming. The space has an intimate and welcoming feel that is furthered by the incredibly friendly service and chatty patrons.And if you don't want wine, that's cool. Bourbon? Rum? Vodka? Fernet Branca (yes!)? Actually, I am still waiting to find Branca Menta for sale somewhere in PA so I can finally try it, and if it were to happen, I sort of think this might be the place for it. So, all the liquors in a small array of brands. And the attendant cocktails. And beer if you like it!A daily wine special at $4-5 + a selection from the meats ($4) and a selection from the cheese ($4) and you have a pretty great little meal. Many of the (food) items are local, and the meats and cheeses come on a board with a mix of accompaniments -- caper berries and pickled watermelon rind are a big hooray --and a lot of bread.Really. Wednesday-Sunday 5pm to at least midnight. You maybe want to give it a try. And apparently, if you happen to be going to Cure and forget to BYO, you can pop on by AWM and get a go-bottle. Not bad, huh?
5	What a delightful little find this place is!A friend from NYC challenged me to find a wine bar where we could chat and catch up late on a Friday night.  Tall order, but AWM fit the bill - there were maybe six other people there at any given moment in the few hours we were there.  Every wine on their list is offered by the bottle OR the glass, and they have a nice variety of flights or "comparisons" as well.  The bartender was knowledgeable, friendly, generous and helpful - all the qualities you might desire in a bartender!  We didn't try any of the cheeses or meats but we munched on delicious salty marcona almonds and savory corn snacks.  Yum.The space is small, warm and well decorated. I like how owner Jamie P. says on Yelp she "decided to create the bar she'd want to hang out in."  I want to hang out in there too!  While I love the chill, low-key almost-empty-but-not-in-a-creepy-way vibe of the place, there really should be more people there.  So go, already!
5	Just what Pittsburgh needed. Friendly staff, comfortable seating, and a nice booze selection. Go.
5	This may be my new favorite place in Pittsburgh!Meat, cheese, chocolate, wine, craft beer.  Bread.  Pickled watermelon rind.  They have a $5 wine of the day, but my advice is to go for one of the flights.  For $9 I got the Malbec wine flight.  Three nice sized samples of different Malbecs.  Extremely knowledgable staff.  I picked one of the salami's, proscuitto, and the Wild Purveyors cheese plate.  The cheese plate featured what I've decided is very close to heaven on Earth, a delicious Camembert.  All of this came with La Gourmandine bread (yum yum yum).  We finished with the chocolate plate, but honestly I was still dreaming of the Camembert at this point and was regretting not getting more meats and cheese.This is just scratching the surface.  I need to go again.  Tonight.  ASAP.  I wonder what time they open in the mornings?  Seriously, that good.My only issues:  Not as packed as this place should be on a Friday.  I really hope they get the word out and people start checking it out.  This shouldnt be a problem since people like me now tell everyone I know to go to Allegheny Wine Mixer immediately.  That brings me to my second issue.  The name is kind of weird, and the design and marketing, in my opinion, is kind of off.  It has a 50's diner feel to it, which is totally NOT what you experience inside.  I appreciate that they want to cater to people who like this food without a stuffy, uptight atmosphere, but it just doesn't really jive.
5	We just had a drink there yesterday evening. Very nice cosy bar with a large list of wines by the glass, a few cocktails, and a very decent beer list. The wine prices range from about 7 to 14, which can accommodate various budgets. The two wines we tasted were good. They also have this nice option to compare two types of wines, the first time I see this on a menu - for about $10, you get two smaller servings of two related, but distinct wines. I liked the place. It's not too loud, it feels relaxed, the crowd was mixed age-wise from 20 something to 50 something. Not undergrad type, thank you very much. prices are very reasonable for that type of establishment. I'll be back.Update: Went back and still like it. Folks go there, it was not very crowdy this saturday, bad sign for their business
5	Made our way over to this small but impressive wine bar.  We ordered the "wine on special" as well as cheese and meat plate.  From what I understand, they feature a wine for $5 every day and we thought, "why not".  It was red and it was delicious...unfortunately I can't remember the name.  The cheese and meat plate was great - more than enough for 3 people to share some light nibbles while sipping on wine.  They also have more than wine - like champagne, cocktails and beer - but I strongly suggest the wine.  Definitely want to check this place out again!
4	I stopped by here last Saturday Night for an after dinner drink with my girlfriend and her friend.  We decided to come here after I read about it on Yelp and were unsure of its exact location.  Since the storefront is small we ended up driving by it before eventually finding it.  It was a Saturday night and so predictably crowded although we were able to grab a seat at one of the last empty tables.  The inside of the restaurant is not too much to look at with a wood floor, a bar and mismatched furniture.  Even so, it exuded comfort and we all felt right at home.  The menu that we were given was quite large and had a good diversity of beer and wines on it while also having a food section.  What my girlfriend and her friend enjoyed was the comparison portion where you can try different half glasses of wine of the same time.  They both ended up ordering from that and got what I would consider to be full glasses of wine of each.  In addition to that they also decided to split the chocolate plate which came with a random assortment of chocolate covered items that they told me they enjoyed.  It had everything from toffee, to animal crackers and even a dried hot pepper.  They also had a decent selections of bourbons and so I tried to order a mint julep.  However, they did not have any mint and so I ended up ordering a Manhattan which ended up tasting good.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here for a drink again in the future.  They have a nice selection in their menu and the girls enjoyed the wine comparisons.
5	I stopped here after dinner with a group on Saturday night.  Now, I can't imagine a better after dinner spot.  I was worried, at first, that place of this size could easily get loud and echoey, but AWM has the acoustics all figured out. It wasn't too loud to have a conversation, but music could still be heard.  AWM has $5 wine specials daily.  They also offer a Red (Warm Place) comparison and a White (Cold Place) comparison for $10.  I was pleased with the draft beer selection that was made of primarily of local beers (plus a Belgian).  I'm always amazed when local restaurants and bars do not carry beers made locally.  The cocktail list was impressive.  Lots of real ingredients, classic liquors, and unexpected combinations (no sours mix in this bar).  After a little vino, we were ready for some snacks.  There was a large selection of meats and cheeses to choose from, and it was easy to mix and match your own spread.  The cheese came with lots of extras:  bread, olive oil, pickled onions, pistascio butter, fig jam, etc...  so that was nice.  We also ordered the Dessert Cheese Special (glass of port, bleu cheese, bread, and condiments).  The special was only $11, and a glass of port alone is $9.  I'd definitely recommend spending the extra $2 to get the entire plate.  Our friends were pleased with the chocolate sampler (featuring chocolate-covered tortilla chips and chocolate w/bacon crumbs, among other things).  The group finished off with a round of espresso, served with a sugar cube and a small cookie.  Overall, it was a delicious meal.  I left feeling like i sampled lots of delicious things without feeling too full or too broke.  The best part about AWM is the service.  Our bartender, Dawn, was amazing.  She was extremely knowledgeable about all of the drinks (not just the wine, as might be expected at a place like this) and all of the food.  She taught me a ton about cheese and port, and she wasn't the least bit pretentious about it.  Thanks to AWM, I'll be making the journey from Lower Lawrenceville to Upper Lawrenceville quite often.
3	The squeeze and I stopped before dinner.  Liked the place, barkeep was friendly and informative.  She had the $5 special glass of wine and liked it.  I had a bourbon on rocks.Everything ok until we tabbed out and I was charged $1 extra for "rocks."  I don't bitch, just vote with my feet.  Won't be back for that reason.
5	Brilliant place, we've needed this in Pittsburgh for so long.This is a top notch wine bar.  Come in for their great list of wines, beers, and cocktails.  Stay for some meets and cheeses.  Go here often.Great vibe!
4	Cute find! Cozy wine bar, friendly servers, affordable wine and cocktails. I loved the window nook seat and beautiful bar.  I went to this spot a bit on the early side (around 8ish) so I don't think the place was that busy.  The lights were still bright-ish and the music wasn't that loud but it seems like a great pre/post dinner spot.   It might be kinda nice if they expanded there menu a bit, maybe to desserts?  Just spit balling here....I will definitely be back!!
4	I was told my friend wanted to go to a lawrenceville wine bar for his birthday. I am not a big wine drinker, and figured I would go for appeasement purposes (it worked with Hitler, right?).My perception was shattered, it is not simply a "wine bar" where Sewickley Heights Yuppies get together to talk about their 401k's,  it was anything but.A calm, dimly lit vibe, with esoteric seating is what I discovered. Not only that, but a list including much more than wine. Their beer selection is admirable and the cocktail selection is on par with some of the better mixology bars in Pittsburgh.I sampled a few beers and cocktails that my girlfriend and friend had ordered, and they were very good. My own selections were two red wines, based on the bartenders recommendation. They were very kind to my palate. I only gave it 4 stars because I did not get a chance to try it further, but will be back in the future.This place, and Eclipse lounge give a very Lower East side vibe to Larryville that is much needed.
4	This was a place I tried this past Friday and it certainly was a great experience. I had a glass of south American Cabernet and my date had the AWM Cup. My Cabernet was very full bodied, very delicious. The AWM cup is one of their wine cocktails which was also very tasty. Their menu features wines by the glass, by the bottle, beer, wine cocktails, classic cocktails, liquor, meats and cheeses. The atmosphere was swanky and trendy. The servers are very attentive and the crowd is hipster-ish. I will certainly visit again, with a decent-sized crowd to get their take on what may just be the best place on that side of Lawrenceville. As they say, "No ferns, no canned jazz, no tv. Just good times and bad art."http://alleghenywinemixer.com/
5	I am so happy that this place exists. My wife and I discovered it by chance while driving down Butler, and decided it was worth a quick peek. I know I'll be making many quick peeks here in the coming months. The wine selection is really solid -- the owner/sommelier really knows her stuff. The cheese plates and charcuterie are top-notch, and the atmosphere is hip without being pretentious. While it lasts, go try the "Dead Nuts" -- it's fantastic if you like "big" wines.
4	Once I got past the name reminding me of a young professionals networking event, and upon recommendations and invitations from friends, I finally gave Allegheny Wine Mixer a try. I am not much of a wine drinker because wine tends to make me feel tired, so other than some (good) sips of my friend's wine, I tried their cocktails. I had an excellent Negroni and a Corpse Reviver, plus a complimentary sample of the Wild Perv made with a beet rosemary shrub from Wild Purveyors - all quality. I also ended my night with Fernet y Coke, and espresso (my own added touch). I really appreciated, more than anything, the neighborhoody atmosphere of AWM, and that they played a great selection of garage and soul music at just the right volume while I was there. I have the feeling it's always a friendly laid-back pretension-free zone, that only nice people come here. It's the type of place that Pittsburgh had previously been lacking, the place I want to hang out at all of the time. This end of Butler is really coming up and it's great to see a bunch of unique businesses working together to make it a quality area of town to visit or live. I, for one, wish that I lived closer to AWM.
5	This place is perfect!- Amazing, intelligent staff- Top notch selection of wine, beer, spirits- Very reasonable prices, 2 beers, a glass of wine, and bread w/ olive oil, $16- Super comfortable, warm environment
5	Amazing. An incredible place with fantastic vino, High end cured meats( wild boar salami) and cheeses with an accomplished staff. Go to Lawrenceville now. A small, kitschy place alla NYC. Vino, Birra and Mixed drinks. Stunning.
5	I have had some adventures in drinking in Pittsburgh since moving here.  This is a stand out place.  Great vibe, great staff, and they do not try to empty your pockets with weird pricing tactics.
4	What a pleasant surprise! I just wish they were open later than midnight. I went on a Wednesday night and it was pretty packed. The staff is extremely friendly and attentive! They offer up suggestions on wines based upon what you like, what flavors you're looking for, etc. Always try the $5 mystery glass, you can't go wrong! I really wanted to try the slumber party plate and hope to when I return again very soon. The cheese plates and other food plates sound amazing. Oh and if you aren't into wine, no worries! They have a nice draft list and great cocktails.
5	Unpretentious.  Definitely does not fit the bill of your stereotypical wine bars.  Lively, but not overrun.  Very good wine selection.  And, if anyone in your party is not interested in drinking wine, there's a great selection of beers and fun cocktails.  Try their wine for the night.  Don't go hungry.  That being said they have excellent cheese and cured meats plates.  Staff was friendly and informed.
5	This is the best thing to happen to Lawrenceville in awhile, and that is saying a LOT since we keep getting new places popping up here every few months. But the AWM definitely brings something new to the table! It is my new favorite spot in Lawrenceville, and I have plenty of friends willing to drive in from all over town to share a glass of wine and some cheese with me here. They play a variety of interesting musical selections and sometimes have a DJ, yet it's quiet enough for some real conversation. Basically just a win all over.First of all, it's cozy and comfy and funky - as many other reviewers mentioned, it's definitely unpretentious. The staff are key to this - they are welcoming and helpful and knowledgeable. In terms of decor, you definitely know you are in Lawrenceville. It's a small and narrow space but has at least 4 different types of seating for every mood, occasion and size of group (bar searing, high bar tables with stools, lower tables with normal chairs and a love seat and arm chair grouping). It's probably best for dates and small groups, though, because none of the tables are large (so bigger groups will need to split up).Similarly, the wine and food selection is not huge but definitely has enough variety to accommodate most tastes. Despite the name, they also offer a small but carefully curated selection of excellent beers, cocktails and non-alcoholic drinks including espresso, San Pellegrino and Jamaican ginger beer. So basically, there's something for everybody. As other reviewers have mentioned, they always have a $5 glass of wine that changes every day, plus a decent selection of other wines at different prices by the glass and bottle. Also: generous pours!As for food, even my vegan friends can nosh here, although they are limited to the Marcona almonds, pickles and olives. I should say up front it's not the place to come eat dinner unless you eat smaller meals. The food is meant to accompany the drinks, as a delicious little snack. Carnivores can enjoy an excellent plate of  Italian cold cuts (salami, prosciutto, coppa secca) or a variety of decadent soft and hard cheeses, some provided by local gourmet grocer Wild Purveyors. Cheeses come with sliced baguette from local French bakery La Gourmandine as well as with other accompaniments such as dabs of pepper jelly, a few nuts and fresh berries.
5	Hey Allegheny Wine Mixer, did we just become best friends?YUP.I love this place. Love it.First, I love wine. Second, I love Will Ferrell movies. Third, I love really smart, cool, educated bartenders who will chat with you about your wine. And of course, I love plates of meat and cheese.So you can see why I'm crazy about AWM.Neat things from their menu that I adore:~ Wine comparisons. They pick two wines, and you get a half-glass of each to compare. Last night, it was Sangiovese v. a Sangiovese/Cab blend. Sometimes, it's the same varietal from two different locations. Always, it's brilliant.~ Central Coast wine!! Yes, I'm the Pittsburgh queen of the Central Coast wine scene, but those cases I bring home on the plane every spring only last so long. Enter AWM: they get Paso Robles wine. YES. Real wine, really from Paso Robles. Be still, my West Coast wino heart!~ CHEEEEEEEESE. We like the variety-cheese plate. You get cow, goat, and sheep cheese, along with fruit, dip, and bread. I've never had sheep cheese before AWM came into my life, but I'm a convert. They mix up their selections for this as well, and I love getting to try new cheese!~ Meats. Yes, you can add meats to your cheese plate! They do an excellent spread of prosciutto, and last night, we had these weird chicken spheres (no clue what the story was with those, but dang were they yummy).~ Wine cocktails. You know, for when you're like, "I'd love to be classy, but I just need a faster buzz!" Apparently, wine cocktails are the *in* thing among mixologists, but AWM makes them actually taste good.Honestly, the only negative is that this place gets PACKED. I mean, understandably so. It's the only beautiful creature of its kind in the 'Burgh at present. But it's worth standing along the wall for a bit and waiting for bar space to open up. There's a reason I want to stop in here at least once a week!
5	Great vibe, good drinks, great service.  Did I mention the great vibe?  There's just something about this place that screams cool.  The $5 surprise option is great.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the food options.
4	Come to relax.Come to enjoy a cool place that gives off a nice vibe.Come to enjoy some wine.Come to have some cheese and meat plates with you drinks.Come to get some good friendly and knowledgable serviceSit at some tables in the back and enjoy your company or sit at the bar and get to meet some really friendly people.
4	Why have I been to this wine bar SO many times? It's a small place, kind of off the beaten path, certainly not where you go to pick up strangers. It serves cheese plates, which my whole person recoils against, and specializes in wine, which I don't particularly like. However, all these things seem to thrill my friends and, in turn, I have eaten my fair share of cheese plates, and I must say, this bar gives good cheese. I also departed from their wine menu in favor of their beer selection and I wasn't disappointed. Unlike Bar Marco, the prices are reasonable, the place isn't as crowded, and you are usually able to get a seat. It's cozy, it's not particularly "cool" but not lame either. Kind of like going to a friends house, but not having to help clean up afterward.
5	This phrase may get overused at times, but I really truly feel like you won't find a place like this in the Burgh. It just combines the best of all these different worlds. Cheese, chocolate and wine! What more do you need? Oh wait, cured meat!I had been wanting to come here for a thousand years, maybe I exaggerate a bit, but it's been a long time! It's such a great intimate setting. You can grab a seat at the bar, a smattering of four top or high top tables or the cozy couch and chairs in the back we were able to snag. Then sit, sip and savor. And repeat!We were actually still hungry after a light dinner, so we pretty much housed a cheese, meat and chocolate plate. I'm no cheese connoisseur, but I know that I love cheese, and there was some great choices! Some were from local farms and others were imported from far away countries (how fancy!). The meats were the same, some imported in and some from local farms. I like the mix. It seems that everything is constantly rotating, so you may not find the same cheese on the menu when you stop back in again. But that's okay, I could try different cheeses forever!Then we made the best decision of the night, we ordered the chocolate plate from Sinful Sweets (located downtown and in Lola). They. Were. Incredible. Chocolate covered nacho chips (I kid you not), bacon, animal crackers and just plain chocolate. Thanks AWM, I'm now hooked on Sinful Sweets as well!Oh yeah, and I had wine! A Malbec that was fantastic! But there are pages and pages of wines as well as cocktails and beer. I mean. I could set up shop and live here! I've got everything I ever need in life. This is a brilliant idea. See you all at my new home!
5	What a great place!  Who knew this gem was hidden right on Butler Street in Lawrenceville?   It doesn't seem right that I consider myself a wine lover and I didn't even know this existed.We snagged a great 'lounge area' in the back and set out to sample the wares.   I asked for a semi-sweet to sweet, white wine and I was rewarded with a delicious Riesling.  The waitress let me sample first and it was the perfect recommendation. We also asked the waitress to select some sharp cheeses that she thought would go well with our wine selections and they put together a great little platter with some fruits, cheeses, nuts, jelly, etc.  I loved the cheese.   You can also order a meat or chocolate sampler.  I didn't partake in these offerings but they were a hit with the rest of the group.   As a side note, they were serving chocolate covered bacon that night.It's a great place to come with friends and just hang out.  They don't rush you, it's relaxing and everything was good.   I'm coming back here for sure.
5	Totally agree with all of the excellent reviews on this great place!We stopped in last night on our way to a nearby restaurant, just to check it out for the first time. It's a totally relaxed, convenient place to meet friends and enjoy some small plates and nice drinks. We liked that they have made an effort to partner with local breweries and distilleries to bring many of the great flavors of Pittsburgh together!They do a nice job with flights, and encourage patrons to learn more about wines and other drinks by offering creative flights - it's really nice to chat with them about the different offerings and I honestly loved their recommendations.The owner and bartenders are really friendly, and definitely work hard to make this great place a relaxed place to chat and relax. Great music too!Overall a fantastic addition to the area, and I know they will only continue to flourish over time. Thanks guys!
5	The Allegheny Wine Mixer is a place that makes me happy. Laid back atmosphere where you can grab wine with some friends along with some snacks - cheese, meat and chocolate plates. No pressure, laid back and let the conversation flow in an intimate space. The location seems a bit off the beaten path though however that's probably adds to the allure. I'll be adding this place to my list of places to bring out of towners and wine enthusiasts!
5	I absolutely love this place. It is without a doubt one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. The DH and I will frequently go here to enjoy a drink after dining at one of the many new restaurants in Lawrenceville. Given the choice of an interesting wine pairing and the chocolate plate at AWM or dessert and drinks some place else I'll take AWM every single time. They also have a wonderful craft beer selection for the DH who isn't a wine drinker so its a big winner with him as well. We've also found combining a couple of their cheese and meat small plates makes for a perfect light dinner. The atmosphere is so comfortable and the owners and staff so nice that it is easy to see why everyone who visits comes back frequently. I hope this place never, ever closes. That would give me the "big sad".
5	A wine bar with a sense of humor?  Totally my kind of place!  This is not your typical wine bar, for starters there is outrageously kitsch art on the walls.  Just about every tacky thing you can imagine, except no Velvet Elvis.  The music is the same way, very funny and charming all at the same time.  But what's really great is the wonderful advice and flexibility you get from the wait staff.  They spent a lot of time with us, discussing what we like and what they could offer us, even some things that were not on the menu, such as a wine flight.  I heard this place is women owned, and I think that is apparent both in the cleanliness and in the playfulness of the decor.  Very hip and fun place to spend time.
4	A solid, unpretentious, neighborhood wine bar that also has cocktails and beer on draft. I actually like that they only offer small plates, keeping this more of a bar than a restaurant. Also no TV, a true rarity for Pittsburgh bars. Mellow friendly vibe and great staff. Bonus points for the Step Brothers reference!
4	Check out the Vincent Price picture over the bar.. We had the cheese plate with our wine pairing and the combination was incredible.. This is a true wine bar in the north Pittsburgh area..
4	I liked this place so much that I visited twice in one night! We went before dinner for pre cocktails. They have a great list of wines, cocktails and even beer. I tried the ACE Cider Pumpkin and it was delicious. It was November 1st and Day of the Dead so they had a list of drink specials just for this holiday!  My date tried the Zombie Punch which did not disappoint. Not exactly sure what was in it besides 151, 2 types of rum and some sour mix but boy did it taste delicious and only for $5 a glass.  We liked it so much we took a group of friends back after dinner to order more Zombie Juice. The space is small but so cute. I love the comfortable yet trendy atmosphere.  We didn't order any food but the group sitting next to us at the bar ordered the cheese plate and it looked amazing! Can't wait to go back.
5	Loooove this place. The atmosphere and staff are awesome and my favorite thing is the featured $5 wine. If I want to go somewhere for good wine and snacks AWM is the first place that comes to mind. Pros:+$5 spotlight wine+Wine selection in general+Knowledgeable staff+Cheeseburger mini sandwich (I'm sure that isn't the technical term--but you should get it)Cons:-Kinda small so wouldn't be great for a large party but perfect for a date!
5	AWM is probably one of my favorite places on earth. They have everything I need: wine, cheese & chocolate. But if you have a hankering for something else they have other good stuff too like tasty toasted sandwiches, local brews, and excellent cocktails. The owner and staff are amazing and are really what makes this place special. They will make you a killer cocktail on request, provide samples to ensure you get just what you want, and engage in stimulating bar conversation as needed. AWM is unpretentious, yet unique; local, yet cosmopolitan; your neighborhood bar, yet also a little bit trendy. Obviously, I'm in love.If you don't think this place deserves 5 stars we probably can't be friends.
5	I adore this place and am making it my mission to see that they stay in business for years to come. The vibe is laid back and hip without being too hipster-y. The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and unpretentious. I've gotten great wine recommendations each time I've gone and the small bites are awesome.  They have a well curated cheese list with high quality accompaniments (baguette, quince paste, fig jam, pickled watermelon rind, and pecans on my most recent visit), meats (prosciutto, wild boar salami, etc.), a few other snacks (marcona almonds, spicy pickles, olives), and a chocolate plate from Sinful Sweets that makes me weak kneed (and recently included the most outrageous chocolate covered bacon - YUM). The decor is clean, retro cool and a little bit kitschy (I'm kind of in love with the Rottweiler painting) and if you come with group, it's nice to get away from the bar and sit at one of the half dozen tables in the front or back (there's even one seating area with a couch in the very back). Everyone I've ever brought here loves it and it's certainly unique (especially for Pittsburgh). I was just there this past Friday and am already looking forward to returning. So, what are you waiting for? Go! Tell you friends. Viva la Allegheny Wine Mixer!
5	AWM is a one-of-a-kind find!We drank some of the most delicious wine in a totally unpretentious fashion. From the comically (and intentionally) bad art on the wall, to the friendly and knowledgeable staff, to the very respectable drink selection, we were totally satisfied customers. It was such an enjoyable experience, I hesitate to let anyone know about it - we want to keep it our little secret :) We can't wait to go back and sample the cheese, meat, and chocolate selections from locally owned and operated Wild Purveyors.(P.S. Finding out that the wait staff met at the Silk Elephant was no surprise, as we loved our experience there as well - high marks all around.
5	The (f'n) Allegheny Wine Mixer!!  I adore this place.  The owner, Jamie, is extremely nice and tremendously knowledgeable about wine (which makes sense since she was a sommelier before).  The other staff, including Dawn, are incredibly cool and nice, know their stuff about wine, and really make the place.The wine selection is super.  Further, there are a lot of options price-wise.  While most single glasses are around $7-9, there is a $5 selection every night that often rotates as the night goes on.  Also, for happy hour (on Fridays at least) there's a $5 meat and cheese plate.  While there are no meals at AWM, the meat and cheese appetizer selections are delicious and fresh (from their neighbor Wild Purveyors), as are their tiny dessert plates (I recall one time having chocolates from Sinful Sweets in the Strip).  In addition to the great wine, the bar has great, unique cocktails (I recommend the Giggle Water), bubbly (I had spectacular brut rose sparkling once), and beer.There are no tvs (a plus), creepy cool art on the walls (you might have nightmares, but at least a portrait of Vincent Price watches over you from high above the bar), and occasionally there is pretty sweet live music (like The Grifters!).  This place is a neighborhood gem.
4	First, a confession - I didn't drink any of the wine.That said, this is a cozy little spot with reasonably priced, tasty cocktails, solid service, and at least when we were there-a fantastically well curated music selection. Didn't get any of their eats, but they looked promising.  Very laid back atmosphere, a new gem tucked away in the far end of Lawrenceville.
4	I give the AWM four stars because I really like what they are doing and where they are doing it. I brought a few friends here after dinner thinking it would be a cool spot to try, and it was, minus a few quirks. When we first arrived, the place looked really cool and lively. There was a good crowd, and the bartenders were really friendly. We were waited on instantly, which is awesome. My goal was to find a bar that was not also a restaurant, so this was just the place. Though we didn't get any of their finger foods (which looked really good, and seemed to be priced very fair), I will say that I was impressed by the drinks and selection. I completely and utterly *dislike* wine snobs, so I was thrilled to see that the menu was simple and there was no attitude anywhere to be found :) Reasons I couldn't go with 5 stars:* The music. The music appeared to be coming from a couple speakers high atop the back of the bar. The music was loud, muffled, boomy, and overall distracting. A few times the speakers gave off a long deep "ring" of sorts. In a bar where everyone seemed to know everyone and the conversation/background noise was plentiful, the staff should really take the time to tune their music to the acoustics of the space.* The decor. After earning ourselves a good buzz, each member of our party (six) was totally wigged out by the creepy artwork on the walls. I live in Lawrenceville, I spend time in Garfield... I get the whole "art" thing, but these pictures were a lot. The reason I almost went with 3 stars:* A few of us ordered the "Giggle Water" which was a phenomenal. Our drinks were all served in champagne flutes that were probably somewhere in the range of 5-6 ounces. Tiny. Now, we weren't expecting a pitcher with a straw in it by any means, but some patrons sitting behind us, who very clearly knew the bartender ordered the exact same drink. Their drinks were made, right in front of us, in glasses that had to be 12 ounces. Not so tiny. Friends of the staff, fine. Maybe they even paid double for the drink. Who knows. My point: it looked bad. There was only one size of this drink listed on the menu, so if it was possible to order a "double" I feel like we should have been asked if we wanted that when we placed our order -- or -- if it was a favor for friends, the bartender shouldn't have prepared these so obviously in front of our faces.Overall, I liked the place. I'll definitely be back. I consider it a great hangout for the neighborhood.
4	Stopped here for pre dinner drinks one night and was so impressed! Loved the selection and the prices. Service was good and we quickly found seats at the bar. Didn't order any food but the food coming to table around us made me want to go back! Definitely recommend this place.
5	The wine selections here are always great, but they also have a good assortment of beers, liquors & cordials.  The food menu is purposely limited, but is inventive and of just enough quantity to go well with a couple glasses of wine. The assorted chocolates plate is must. Fun, friendly place.  Can get crowded though.  It holds about 30 people comfortably.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I'm not generally much into going out for drinks at bars.  I don't generally enjoy the atmosphere of most bars, which often is dirty and loud, nor the clientele, which is often...similar.  I'd never been to a wine bar before, so when my ex-bf decided he wanted to go to a bar one Fri. night a couple months ago, I figured I'd give the AWM a try, based on the opinions of other yelpers.When we arrived, we were seated at one of the small tables that line the wall opposite the bar.  Perusing the menu, I decided to start by ordering a Riesling, since I was in the mood for something on the sweeter side, given the late hour, that I hadn't had the dessert, and that the ex was in a cantankerous/defensive mood (though that's another story).  He decided to try one of the red tasting pairs, and although I'm not generally too big on red wines, I enjoyed comparing them, and actually kind of liked the milder of the pair (I don't recall what type it was, unfortunately).  We also selected two of the cheeses to pair with our wine (both of the cow variety, though I don't recall which ones), and they were both very fresh, and went well with our wines.  If the ex wasn't in such a foul mood and we'd stayed longer, I would have definitely tried the chocolate plate--if I come back, I'll be sure to order it next time.  As it were, for my second round, based on the advice of other yelpers, I decided to try the giggle water, and it was a delight--very light and bubbly, albeit a bit on the tarter side.I really enjoyed the AWM's laid-back atmosphere.  Our server, who I suspect may have been the owner, was helpful and attentive.  The paintings on the wall made for an interesting conversation topic to fall back on, given my ex's taciturnity (is that a word?)--we found the one of the guy in the electric chair particularly interesting.  My one complaint is that the oblong space is kind of weird, but I think the proprietor did the best she could with it.  Everyone else seemed to be having a good time.  Although in my case, the libations and atmosphere were superior to the company, I still very much enjoyed the AWM.  I'd love to come back sometime with better company--I'm sure I'd enjoy it even more!
4	The Allegheny Wine Mixer offers a hip and relaxing atmosphere for a more sophisticated demographic. They offer their visitors and interesting selection of meats, cheeses and chocolates to accompany the many varieties of wine. I have been to several events here (art shows, craft nights, halloween party, djs) and all have been enjoyable. The bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable - always willing to answer questions. I would highly recommend this venue for a date night or for a night out with close friends.
5	Went for Friday happy hour with a good friend.  Absolutely loved it.  Tried two of the 3 oz samples (Spanish wines, I believe).  Then asked the bartender for a recommendation -- an outstanding Italian red.  We had the hoppy pickles, chorizo and some manchego.  Delish, especially the pickles.  My yotal bill was $23 before the tip -- such a good deal.  We'll be back!
3	Ordered the cheese fondue. Best with just bread vs all the options served. Love the fresh cheese and salami presentation with all the condiments and bread. Unique drink selection and ability to try different wines. Chocolate covered treats are a must-have. Great staff that provides superior service consistently!!
5	Allegheny Wine Mixer is my go to spot in Lawrenceville for a nice drink and relaxing atmosphere. The drinks are always very good and they have a great wine selection. The food they have, although limited, is really good as well. I always get a sandwich when we go. All of the people working are very nice and accommodating. My boyfriend and I usually hit this bar up as a last spot before ending the night, but it's also a really good spot for happy hour as well. Hope this is helpful!
3	Very cool and relaxing place. Definitely worth a shot. The drinks and food were a little pricey and we had to leave to go somewhere for actual meals, but I recommend as a starting point for a night out, or a place to grab a drink or two.
5	I had given up on finding a decent wine bar in Pittsburgh until discovering this place! It's now the go-to spot for my close group of friends. There is always good service, a variety of delightful things to munch on, creative cocktails, delicious wine choices, and a laid-back yet dignified atmosphere. The grouping of a vintage sofa and chairs in the back is a nice touch, as it allows a group of four to six people to sit and socialize comfortably. Between myself and others we've sampled a sizable number of the different cheese plates the AWM offers, and each one has lived up to our expectations. The cheese plates often come with bread and olive oil as well, so two or three work well for several people. A standout cocktail (albeit a very sweet one) is the AWM Cup. I like that more places in Pittsburgh are using ginger beer in their cocktails, it makes a wonderful mixer. Come here if you value quality drinks and small plates in a refreshingly unpretentious atmosphere!
5	Great beer and wine selection for drinks. For food, excellent cheese and meat platters. A relax atmosphere where our party was about to enjoy a board game and good company.
4	I am not even a big wine drinker but I still love this place. The atmosphere is great and the snacks and toasted sandwiches are super good!
