3	An independent coffee house is Phoenix?  Really?  Yep.  The coffee is okay, but I wouldn't come here for the coffee.  Come here to read a book, people watch, listen to some music, be social.
5	Exceptionally comfy and attitude-free coffee place. Plenty of evening entertainment, free wi-fi, and the friendliest staff around. Definitely a neighborhood mecca for those of us in Arcadia or the Arcadia-ish area. Meet your neighbors or sit and chill -- free will is the essence of Mama Java.
5	Mama Java's is the colorful, neighborhood coffee house. This is where we go for gourmet coffee & tea, chat, and simple breakfast fare. They also support the local music and arts scene by providing a venue for performances for both local and non-local acts, an informal art gallery, and a selection of periodical and other literature as well. Free wifi Net access complements the offerings. Make no mistake about it: MJ's caters to a different audience than Acacia Cafe (thet new kids down the block). Mama Java's is really a neighborhood focal point as well as a business. Here people get to know each other, and most are worth knowing.Truthfully I'd givce it a 4 1/2 rather than a 5 because of the limited food selection, but then again that's not the point at Mama Java's.
5	love love love this place for a second i don't feel like i'm in fakville anymore.  Live music and a diverse crowd.  They make a great infused berry tea smoothie no dairy just juice and ice!  Parking is great and the selection of food is appropriate and divine for a cafe.  Very comfortable and not to image conscious inside!  Love that it's independent and staff is so lovely.  I would pay $10 for a latte just to support them!  Punch card too!
5	We go to Mama Java's on a pretty regular basis. We have always enjoyed stopping in. The baristas are fantastic, especially Jency, she's our favorite. This is a great locally owned coffee house where you can go and relax and chit chat with friends or get some work done while using their free wi-fi.A must for anyone that lives or works in the neighborhood!
4	Hot, yummy chai. A cozy, art-focused decor. Live musical acts and open mic nights. Plenty of reading material. Comfy couches, chairs and tables. Service with a smile. This place is great.
3	After catching a musician's show here the other day, I disagree with the reviews that rave about the artsy ambiance.  The warm cozy feeling is impossible with the floor the ceiling glass windows out front.  Aside from a few pieces of art on the wall, the atmosphere (including the decor and lighting) seemed pretty pedestrian and forgettable.  It's on the opposite side of the spectrum compared to Three Roots, Lux or Copper Star in that respect.  If you don't luck out and snag the sofa or easy chair you could be subject to the most uncomfy cafe chairs ever.Don't get me wrong, I appreciate an independent coffeehouse like Mama Java's that supports the arts, local performers and functions as a community center.  But this seemed like this could have been "Generic Coffee House, Anytown, USA."I'm not a coffee drinker, so I opted for iced tea -- wild strawberry black tea over ice, to be exact.  But that's not what the barista thought I ordered here.  She gave me hot tea, which was decently brewed and tasty, btw.  I went back up to ask for it over ice and proceeds to give me a small ramekin of ice, before she finally clued in and realized I wanted iced tea.  She was really cool about it and we shared a laugh.  No big deal, but worth mentioning.The crowd of patrons was diverse this Friday night - streaming in steadily all night.  Some dude straight up ordered a bowl of cereal, sat down, slurped it up and left satisfied.  Hey, whatever floats your boat, right?
3	Cool place, good chocolate rugulas, very friendly staff and patrons.They support local artist and musicians, which is very cool.One gripe: A certain barista sucks at making lattes. Both times it felt like the cup was half empty. Take it easy on the foam lady!
4	I think it helps to go to Mama Java's with a 'regular'!I went in to Mama Java's this morning with my friend Wendy K after a little walk, and both Billie and Jensy (the barista girls) were soooo sweet!  They started making Wendy's 'usual' when we walked in and were friendly and sweet and made me a great soy latte as well...I'd been to Mama Java's before (a couple of times) but more in the middle of the day for a meeting.  After seeing the morning crowd and positive vibe, I'm thinking about going there again soon with my laptop and taking advantage of the free WiFi and doing some work...The food didn't look amazing, but I did note they had more selection than some of the other local coffee houses, and fresh fruit - always a plus!Not sure I'll become a 'regular,' but I'll be back soon to visit my new friends Billie and Jensy!
5	Mama Java...often the highlight of my day! Ok, so i might be a bit of a caffeine addict and while i am sure that contributes to feeling good almost every time i walk in the door at Mama Java, it is also the coffee and the staff that make me smile.  Best coffee, truly!  Jensy and Billie (the baristas) are sweet, fun, friendly and truly coffee prodigies.  I am sure they will have their very own coffee shop someday soon but for now I am happy to give them my $4.06 everyday like clockwork!!
5	I love Mama's!!!!!My family and I walk over to Mama's all the time... the coffee is great, the staff is cool, & the owner always comes out and gives our puppy treats. This is a cool little coffee house... a refreshing break from the corporate "coffee" joints.Thanks Mama's!!!
4	I went to Mama Java's because it was the only coffeeshop within a few miles of my place open after 10p.  It was a Friday night, but for most of the time I was the only client in there.The barista was really friendly, they had Massive Attack playing, and the chai latte was delish - no complaints here.For being in a strip mall, they do all right.  I have yet to find my favorite coffeeshop, though.
3	Mama say mamu sa mu maku sa! Yet another "eclectic" coffee shop. Thank you 1988. Must your thrift store upholstered furniture be so soiled? Already? Ugh. Thank god I wasn't wearing a dress that day. How unseemly. Bookshelves with books. Walls with funky art. Just a few pieces however. And a large floor to ceiling scape overlooking Jiffy Lube. However, I felt the Mama Java love from the two behind the counter. Very friendly and warm. Each guest was greeted enthusiastically and seemed to get their java fix efficiently. I'm by no means a coffee expert, but this was a good cup of the liquid bean. My local coffee haunt favorites are Copper Star and Lux. This is just below that. And just out of my hood. Not a bad place. Not a great place. But, hey, don't tell Mama on me. Oh. And don't even think about talking on your cell at the counter. I hear Mama will ground you.
5	I love Mama Java's. They have free WiFi, every Sunday night they have a Bluegrass jam session and their coffee drinks, chais and teas are excellent. But, what makes me adore them is what I experienced during one visit. The night before, I had put my debit card, cash and ID in my pocket to go to a show, and forgot to transfer them back to my wallet.  I didn't realize this until I had placed and received my order. The woman behind the counter said "don't worry about it, you win some and you lose some" and then the woman behind me offered to pay for my drink. I dug into my wallet and gave them all of the change I had, which probably amounted to 32 cents. You gotta love a place where everyone is invested in making sure you get your caffeine fix.
5	Quick update for Mama Java's since we had the Yelp Office Hours there last week... we lucked out and were able to take over the couch / chairs to the right when you walk in the door.  It worked out perfectly!  Even though I hadn't been in to MJ in a couple of months, Jensy remembered that I drank a soy latte - incredible!  I felt so special (almost like a regular) when I walked in and she greeted me and asked if I wanted a soy latte!  I did, and it was just as good as last time!The atmosphere provided the perfect place for the yelpers to come and go, chat, etc... I think everyone felt comfortable and welcome.  Thanks again to all of you who came by to visit!  Looking forward to the next time... Lastly, MJ created a yelper special of the day... the "hold me closer tiny yelper' which i believe was a vanilla cinnamon latte.  Now if that didn't make us feel special, what does?!
4	I'm going with Gabi on this one (kiss ass that I am) and raising it one star. I'm all about customer service. And the ladies serving up the joe at yelp office hours were perky and aromatic. Just like the coffee! Just remember. No cell phone at the counter....we don't want Mama Dearest Java Coffee House now do we!? "NO CELL PHONES AT THE COUUUUNNNTTTER!!"
4	We went here for some live music a few weeks ago.  It was nice to see other people in there.   My order did get mixed up (latte instead of a chai latte), but I won't hold it against them :)  (I drank it anyway).
4	I was thrilled that two places I'd bookmarked from Yelp were in the same strip mall!  After my mani/pedi, I walked down to Mama Java's for an iced coffee.The inside of this place was very cute -- very funky coffeehouse.  The guy working was a little odd -- very nice, but a little absent-minded.  I asked for an iced coffee and he got me hot coffee.  I told him I wanted it iced and he was like, "oh yeah!  Right!"I got my iced coffee with sugar free hazelnut syrup.  It was really delicious, and really pretty reasonably priced.  It was one of the better iced coffees I've had.  Not a Starbucks fan (it always tastes burnt), so I'm always on the lookout for new places.  I like supporting the smaller, independent coffee houses anyway -- they seem to have a better vibe, and it's always a good idea to support small businesses.Even though the guy working was a little odd, I will definitely be back.  Good prices and great product!
5	strongest coffee, pure organic milk and great atmosphere! I dream about the coffee!
5	I have been going to Mama Javas with my daughter  since she was was 9 months old. I love this place. Seriously! The coffee is awesome, the location is as well. And the big table in the back room is perfect for spreading out a bunch of light plots to review.  I just stopped by earlier last week and saw they had re done the back room a bit, and it had a much better layout. The food is good, especially the potato knish. I wish they had an actual kitchen, but since they are a coffee shop and not a restaurant, I can give them a pass. And the live music is great as well, really I wish we had more places like this, but then again, I guess that you shouldn't mess with perfection.
4	Don't be fooled -- Mama Java's isn't a coffeeshop; it's actually a secret portal into Eugene, Oregon. Yes, really, right in that funky strip mall on Indian School, next to the Tuesday Morning. They have it all: hipster baristas, art on the walls, laid-back, slightly funky vibe. They even have the requisite kooky, befuddled, aging hippie behind the counter. He can't quite remember your order, but it's OK, because he's probably going to make you something delicious anyway, and he won't be a dick when you tell him it's the wrong thing.They've also got that special brand of uppity-ness that you only find in coffeeshops -- you know, the kind that leads the baristas to post handwritten signs forbidding you from using your cell at the counter. Again, it's OK. After all, if you're on the phone while order, you are, in fact, a total fucking douche. The coffee's pretty tasty and the beans seem fresh, and they have a great setup for studying or working -- even tables in a little back nook that are perfect for groups. Free wifi, of course, and what looked to be a tasty small menu. Now if only they could transplant some evergreens to block out Indian School Road...then it really would be like Oregon.
4	Cell Phone No-No,Coffee - house,Hippy Barista,Rugelach,Chocolate,Free WifiFriendly,Internet,Mocha,Iced,Cool,Hip.I sorted my memory by key-word associations to see what came up as related to Mama Java.  There's the list.  Wow!  You should have seen some of the other lists!
4	Chocolate ruglach is yummy, coconut macaroon is good but not the best. Love that they have simple syrup at the fixin's bar so you don't have to stir your iced coffee for half an hour.
3	Showed up at 7pm on a Saturday night. We could see a guy with a guitar singing inside... one of my personal harbingers of doom. After I walked in, though, I was pretty relieved to hear the guy wasn't bad and the volume wasn't deafening. But the place was packed. So we sat outside with our drinks, trying to ignore the thumping music and screaming from the bars nearby, until some guy lit up a cigarette right next to us and we had to migrate inside. Yeah, I'm one of 'those' nonsmokers. Then the weird vibes started. We parked at a recently vacated table and commenced reading/studying. I looked up and realized we were the only ones in there that didn't appear to be there for the musician, and everyone else in the place was completely silent. My fiance quietly murmured a few words to me at some point and it seemed like half the room turned around and glared at us. Cozy! Uh, this is a coffeeshop... right?The hot chocolate was good, I want to go back and try their steamers. I also like that they serve food. But when I go back I think I'll check their calendar to make sure I'm not showing up during live music...
4	Oh and also, no personal grooming in the restroom. I was going to calm down my 'stash but whatever.Seriously, I keep stopping here because it's convenient and they have a quality product.
4	Pretty sweet little spot with nice and bitter espresso and quality artwork on the walls.  Doesn't 'try too hard' to be a hipster joint or to differentiate itself, instead seeming to pride itself on an innate classic-ness.It seems ridiculous to use such words describing a coffee shop, but coffee seems to have a life of its own when it comes to creating its own subculture, similar to wine.
4	Officially the roo--gaah--laa is very tasty in all 3 flavors.  Chocolate, raspberry and apple cinnamon.  K.
4	I am in a commited realtionship with Seatlle Espresso (located in the EAST valley), but my girl on the westernish side is definetly Mama Java.  Don't get me wrong,  I love Seattle, I'm just not IN love with her anymore.  I need my freedom..  MJ's is an awesome little coffee shop, with tasty treats, good coffee, and very awesome art for sale.   Having an art backround makes me kinda partial to the place, it's so pleasant to be in.  I've only ever had their iced and reg coffee so I need to experiment a little more.   They also have live music from time to time and a bookshelf full of cool stuff to read whilst you amp up on some caf :)
4	Update:  Hade their iced mocha today.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.  I would order it again.  AND NOW WE DANCE!
4	Been coming here for a long time.  Coffee is decent, can't speak to the froofy stuff, I stick to boring black.  Generally not too busy (unlike Lux), free wi-fi, great music, plenty of seating with a few not very appealing chairs on the sidewalk outside.  Never pretentious.  They always feature a variety of artists, and offer more local music and open mics than most places.  This place supports Phx artists, makes me happy to support them.
5	As an out-of-towner, I found this place by accident and was completely thrilled with it.  The Americano was as good as those I find at home and the breakfast sandwiches hit the spot.  In a place where Starbucks seems to be on every corner, it was very refreshing to find such a fine indy coffee place.The free wi-fi was a great bonus.
1	Coffee is fine, foo foo coffees are fine, pastries are fine, teas are fine, ambiance is pretty good with wireless and a nice selection of books to choose from, even location is pretty good. The problem, and it is a persistent problem with these people, is the service is terrible. Indifferent counter help on their best days, downright surly on their bad days. It's to the point where we won't even go in there anymore. Such potential...... lost to a crabby attitude towards the customers. If you want to own or work in a coffee shop then be ready to screw a smile on your face and show some positive energy.
4	Was walking by and really wasn't in the mood for coffee.....but.....something won me over. Don't know if it was that I was just having a 'leisure day' or didn't want to go home and do household chores I've been putting off or the look of the place and that it wasn't busy at all. (I'm going with a combination of all four options with a HEAVY leaning towards not wanting to get home and do chores.) ;-)So, in I walked and went for an iced mocha. Made quickly and professionally. I almost opted for a rugala....and now I wish I had since several reviews say they are great. Next time....Like I said, it wasn't busy....nice and quiet....which is good for coffee time. For me, anyway. Liked the vibe of the place....a few small tables and chairs and a couch...(or two?). There is free wi-fi available.....cool, cool, cool. They seem to sometimes have live music which if I have a night off may go back for. And they have some breakfast options available too - breakfast sandwiches and omelettes. Nothing too fancy or extravagant but good to know if I'm up early and want breakfast. Will definitely go back and try it out again.
4	Mama Java's feels like it belongs in a small college town. The three times I've been here the clientele has been younger, relaxed, and friendly. As are the employees.The only reason I'm not giving Mama Java's five stars is because the only thing I've tried is their house coffee, which is very good. This is one of the coffee houses in central Phoenix where I can be pretty confident of finding an empty seat next to an electrical outlet to take advantage of their free wireless. Although they do have live music that at times fills the front of the house, there is a separate area in the back with bar-style seating and seating for about a dozen. There's a pretty good chance I can get some work done at Mama Java's anytime.
5	i discovered this coffee joint after i got a new job in the neighborhood and my addiction to caffeine forced me to start looking around. from the outside, it doesn't look like much, a couple of plain patio chairs and tables, but once you walk in, you'll know this is going to be a regular stop on your way to go anywhere. very nice atmosphere, revolving art pieces over every wall, and my favorite, and actual espresso machine! (unlike the push button machines i find at every starbucks.) the staff is always awesome, and the clientele is very diverse. anyone from the suit and tie on the way to the office, to the hippie getting his morning started, everyones there and seems to be enjoying themselves.  i have to admit i haven't had any of their food yet, and im a creature of habit, so i found a few drinks that i like, and have stuck with them. but their iced coffee is hands down the best ive ever had. its strong but without any acidity. just smooth good tasting coffee. also, their pomegranate green iced tea is so good i didn't drink anything else for months. so if your looking for an alternative to starbucks that has a great atmosphere and even better coffee, give this place a try.
4	This little coffee house is great. I didn't actually have a coffee, but I definitely enjoyed the pastries they had. There were three different kinds: chocolate dipped coconut macaroon, raspberry and chocolate rugulah. The macaroon was amazing, especially with a tall glass of ice cold milk. I also enjoyed the art that decorated the walls... pretty cool place.
4	We wandered in here after walking back to the Zipp's parking lot for vehicle retrieval. I got a delicious peach iced tea that I didn't want to end. However, I just walked half a mile in 100 degree weather, so it had to.They have adorable little treats for only $.60 each (or 3 for $1.50). The chocolate covered macaroon was by far the best. Much like the elusive "Bon Bon" I feel like I've heard a lot about Macaroons in my life, while never actually tasting one, so I'm glad that changed with Mama Java.Also, they have a toy sushi set that I really enjoyed. It was among the books. Next to the Mr. Potato Head. I think it was for children, but I'm easily amused so I had a fun time with it.The only thing I would change is the $.50 surcharge for credit card transactions. But their macaroons are only $.60. I could probably scrounge up that kinda coin from my car any given day, so I'm not too worried about it.
3	another place that i really like but whose coffee is totally sub par. bitter shots, bubbly milk in my macchiato. good for other kinds of drinks, i'm sure, and i love their book selection and their general seating area. it's very spacious. if you're looking for poetry slams and traditional folk company, this would be the place for you.
5	Was a great joint-I usually go to fair trade coffee down town PHX, and I must say I enjoy here better after 1 trip.The Lil orange hair lady was kind and my coffee was yum!Macaroons, yes please!Music that most can listen to was being played and some books were available.Go here to relax and yea.. Go
5	What a delightful little treat! I have wanted to check this place out since I learned about it last summer and finally went. I got there late, so they were closing up shop, but I still had a great experience. My coffee shop benchmark is espresso. If a coffee shop can't get espresso right, then there is no hope that it can get anything else right. But Mama Java's gets espresso right! With just a splash of milk it tantalized my espresso loving taste buds with its smooth, sweet flavor. Like a good coffee shop there was lots of books, art, things to eat, places to sit, etc. This is a place I could spend hours on my laptop or a place to sit and talk philosophy.
4	Discovered this gem on a Friday afternoon. Great Latte. Cool Kick back down to earth staff. More comfortable vibe than any coffeehouse in Seattle I've been to. Great of them to have the Heather Hill Photo showing for Provety Pets going on when I stopped in. I was able to browse the photos and then order without feeling I had to. They could use a few more flavors for their coffee drinks though, I like butter rum and butterscotch if you;re reading. For the moment it;s not walking distance for me but I consider it a great neighborhood spot.
4	I enjoy this place.  The barista's are always friendly, helpful, and smiling.  I've only ever had their Chai, hot and cold, so I can only speak to their Chai, but it's tasty.  The shop is large, comfy, and welcoming.  They have a large book wall, I'm not sure if it's a book-swap thinggy or not.  I did get annoyed when one of the baristas insisted on calling a "Soy Chai" a "Choy".. haha.  It just sounded retarded to me.  I, of course, wouldn't dock points for that, just wanted to throw it out there.  Whenever I'm in the area (which is surprisingly frequent) I stop by.
4	Awesome coffee and tea. Awesome employees and treats.   One thing that's awkward are the mass amount of creepy old men. Really creepy.   Eeeeh
2	I can't work at home because the bed always calls my name. So I needed a place to go where it would slightly uncomfortable to sleep at, offered free-wi-fi and possibly have cute boys I can pretend to not stare at. Mama Java's fulfilled one of my requirements: it was definitely not  a place I could nap at. There are lots of tables, not enough outlets for your laptop and only ONE couch that I wouldn't even think about having drunk sex on. To be fair, this is a coffee shop, not a whore house so ignore my last comment. What I meant was that it isn't a cozy place, rather cold, actually. I'm used to smaller coffee places where its warm from the steaming coffee cups, the closeness of people sitting around me and the many couches or arm chairs. I just need a hug at Mama Java's. There was only one guy at the counter when I was there and a long line but I don't have anything important to get to so I didn't mind the wait. I ordered a non-fat chai latte and it okay. Too sugary and strong spices.I'm actually writing this review as I'm finishing up here at Mama Java's. It's getting cold and I have to go pee really bad, so I have to wrap up this review and head home, which is just down the street. I have a shy bladder.
4	Great food, great prices.Not so friendly for computers; not a ton of outlets, and the internet was a little shaky upon the few times I used it.However, they have delicious knishes and ruggulah, and this little Jewess has to give them mega points for that, as well as their $.25 refills on the daily iced tea, and their amazing photos/books of animals waiting to be adopted. Broke my heart a little, and I almost went home with a 4th fur kid, but I love coffee shops that are actively a part of the community.My favorite barista Meschelle doesn't seem to work there anymore, but I love the atmosphere of chill during the day, the books to read, and the drink AND food menus.  Great local, indie owned coffee place. I do wish they had more than one iced tea option, especially since kiwi strawberry seems common, and I'm not so much a fan.
3	I will start with the disclaimer that I love independent coffee shops. I'm not a Starbucks girl. So I think I wanted to like Mama Java's better than I actually did. My co-worker and I headed there one afternoon to do a little work. We walked in and there was nobody there (but it was the middle of the afternoon on a weekday). The barista must have been hard of hearing because even though it was pretty quiet in there we had to repeat our orders several times. But he got them right eventually so I guess that's what really matters.We sat down at a little table near the window and over time the place did start to fill up. But there was just something about the vibe in there that I wasn't feeling that day. I can't put my finger on it but it just wasn't the comfy coffeehouse feeling I'm used to at other places. Maybe it was just what I was working on.I would go back but I wouldn't rush back. Sorry!
5	I came here to use their WiFi. I had a chai latte which was fabulous. The staff was very friendly and the coffee shop was mostly quiet I got a lot of work done.
3	Okay, so I actually like Mama Java's coffee, expect for they looked at me crazy the other day when we asked for cream. Last I checked Cream and Sugar are the coffee standards. Anyway, my problems lies in what has happened in the coffee world. I know there is the big debate between Sbux and smaller privately owned coffee shops. I am the first to admit that yes I prefer the smaller shops. Here is my problem.... Products take on the name as the product, i.e Band-aid, Levis, Q-tip, Duck Tape, ect. I think it is VERY rude to correct a customer when you know what they mean. This happened to me - I should have stated Medium however I forgot and said Grande - OMG shoot me now, the look of disgust and the correction. I wanted to take my $4 back and go to Sbux, at least they don't correct you and the customer is always right This become more evident when I was at Tuesday morning with a friend and I told her we should grab some coffee, but I actually had to tell her before we went in to not say Grande. She laughed her light hearted self and rolled with it. Really though, I have to tell a friend make sure you order correctly. Anyway, the last straw was yesterday when my boyfriend asked for cream in his ice coffee and they stared at him like it was crazy. I get wanting to be a liberal elitist, I think of my self as one sometimes. You just can't forget the customer is the business. If you know what they mean roll with it - DONT correct them. For $4 a cup of fancy coffee, I'll go to Crate and Barrell and buy a cappuccino maker and make my own. Yes Mama Java - this liberal elitist knows how to make her own.
3	This place is right down the street from my house. It's close and in a great location (small shopping mall with a Zipps).I really, really want to like this place, but for some reason the Barista's cannot get my order right! I do not like 3 pumps of any flavor in my latte, it's frankly too much flavor. Especially vanilla, it is already strong on it's own. Not sure why all these places claim to have the best coffee and espresso yet mask if with all the sugary flavors! All I ask for is a one pump vanilla latte, that's it! By the time I get to my car to take my first sip, it's ALWAYS WRONG. Guess I should drink it at the table to make sure it's right. I even see the barista write it down on the cup. Hmm not sure the disconnect here.If you are looking for free wifi and a decent selection, check this place out. Just make sure you bring enough $$ so they don't charge the ridiculous .50 charge for using a card!
4	PROS: Coffee quality, espresso quality, Barista skill, Barista friendliness, espresso drink menu is outstanding in terms of options and clever twists, and Layout/design is SUPERBLY inviting and cozy, and its perfectly lit, mostly taking advantage of natural light.  Pleasing mix of live entertainment.  Free Wifi, and 80% of the patrons seem to be using it at any given time for hours on end (coffee shop commuter office).Middle of the Road:  nothing, really, the elements of this place are either very good (see above) or rather bad (see below). CONS:  Those damned debit card charges are kind of annoying.  Staff can get overwhelmed at peak times.  Breakfast stuff is fair to slightly-above-average quality, but surprisingly limited for such a popular place.  Location is humble (but convenient), smashed between a scary looking bar and a weird hardware-type retailer.Probably my third favorite local coffee shop in the valley behind 32 Shea and Coffee Roastery on Hayden (and I've tried dozens and dozens of them), and I definitely beat a path to Mama Java's whenever I'm in the area.
4	I've been in a few times but only to grab something and go. On Friday, I spent the entire afternoon there drinking a perfect Chai and studying. I was astonished at how perfect the atmosphere was for studying. I got a lot done. I enjoyed the music. I think I'll be back soon.
5	I have loved this place for a long time.  It troubles me that people write such negative things in their reviews.  Hi, it costs money to have a credit card machine and if you don't spend over five bucks it costs the COMPANY money. Duh.   And in regards to closing early, yes, it is a bummer.  However, it would be a far greater bummer if they had to close down instead.  In an economy where businesses are disappearing left and right, they are still here.  That says a lot.The coffee is delicious, latte art very cool and the new baked goods made in-house are absolutely to die for.  Keep up the great work guys!
5	Mama Java's is very cute.  We used to have work meetings in the back room (well, they company I work for still does but I don't work there anymore).  My favorite thing about Mama Java's is that they have MATTE!!!!!:)
4	I'd give MJ's 5 stars if they stayed open later, which they used to do.  It's completely understandable why they don't - they weren't getting the business after 6 to support later hours.  And they tried - live music, amateur poetry (is there any other kind?), art shows, etc.The coffee is good, the staff can be a bit forgetful but it's more amusing than annoying, it's comfortable, free wifi, lots of space for meetings/studying, lots of natural light (run trolls, run), and they now have a new section of gluten-free baked goods - to my knowledge the only in the area.As for the credit card service charge - it's never been an issue for me.  I usually carry some cash or can find two quarters in my car and, to be honest, I'd gladly pay an extra half-dollar to drink good joe rather than that burnt swill SBX pushes.
4	Decided to try this placed based on the reviews and the fact that its pretty close to my house.  The vanilla latte is amazing...tastes great and leaves me feeling a tad "buzzed". Generally, I stop by on Sunday afternoons to chat it up with friends. Its busy, but not to the point where its difficult to find a place to sit.
5	Love this place!  They're so friendly and the coffee is fantastic.  I'm a sucker for Starbucks because of the drive thru... but the more I visit Mama Java's the more I remember just how bad Starbucks really is.  If you haven't visited this place yet, do it!
4	Great hideaway spot to work on the laptop an enjoy a coffee. Good value and made well  Quiche slice is very tasty but small for $4.  They have a lot of good choices.  The coffee was well made.  There is good seating.  I like it here and it's remained good over the years. I stopped by after a night at Beckett's Table nearby to have coffee, but was surprised to see that they were closed so early in the evening.
5	New in town, I had heard nothing but good things about Mama Java's, so since I live half a mile up 36th, I decided to walk down and try it for myself. I walked in and was immediately introduced to a warm, welcoming atmosphere. A very popular place, there were many people, and there was still ample seating. As I approached the counter, I had asked a friendly employee what they would recommend. As soon as she had asked if I liked chocolate, I quickly nodded in confirmation. I didn't have to wait very long for preparation of my soy mocha, which tasted truly outstanding. I highly recommend Mama Java's Coffee House, it's very well worth the price...SO much better than commercially owned coffee houses like Starbucks.
3	It takes forever for them to make a coffee. I have never been overly impressed, and wish that they would offer some gluten-free goodies! I heard that the Terrabite Bakery offers some GF goodies there, but I've never seen it. Although it's a cool atmosphere, I'm not sure I'm impressed enough to go back.
4	I need a 3 1/2 star choice.  Four starts for the coffee, three stars for the atmosphere.  Things I like:  Their coffee: That's important when going to a coffee house.  Accessibility: Lots of parking available.  Local Support:  They had multiply local artist work there to buy including their baked goods.Things I would work on:  Ambiance: A real bummer of a place.  I just wanted to get my coffee and get the heck out.  It was an environment I wanted to sit and enjoy.  When you think coffee house, you think a place to meet friends, read, relax.  Not here.  It was too quiet, sterile, and the staff need a kick of caffeine themselves and maybe some knowledge on their goods their selling.  So I write this review to let folks know to stop by and definitely grab a cup a joe to go and I also write this to let Mama Java's staff know they should take a lesson from Hava Java up the street when it comes to customer service.  You will never find the coffee spot empty.
3	My gal and I decided to give Mama Java's a try and I realize why I love Hava Java so much. Mama Java does have good coffee! If you want a good cup of Joe this could be your place. I guess I have been spoiled by HJ's service. Mama Java's seems to have a more sterile and less friendly feel to it. It could have just been the time we went, but I had no desire to stay and drink our coffee. The place wasn't as welcoming as our usual hangouts.Overall the coffee was worth 4 stars, unfortunately the service and atmosphere brought it down a little for me.
3	Good coffee. Casual, comfortable ambiance and I had no trouble finding a plug. They have a ton of local products and really yummy bagels and pastries. I don't know that I would continue to go out of my way to go here, but it was definitely not too shabby!
4	Just had my first experience here :) I just decided that I need to be studying outside of the house and this place is perfect for that! The girls working there are so nice, and cleaned up right after a giant group of people moved out. The music and atmosphere is very artistic (totally reminds me of my art high school!) and trendy. Its right up the street from my house, and there is never a shortage of parking in this huge complex. It was so nice to just sit and do my thang without feeling like I was just taking up space.I will for sure be here twice a week every week from now on :D
2	I got a chai - it was weak and not flavorful at all.  Other than one corner w/a couch and two leather chairs it is NOT a relaxing atmosphere either, lots of hard kitchen style chairs at small tables.  Not a lot of ambiance.
2	This used to be one of my favorite places and the coffee and entertainment are still good, but it hasn't been service with a smile recently.  I've sadly decided to check out the other places in this area (and there are plenty).
4	The pastries are SO good here.  The vibe is comfy.   Did I mention the pastries?  SO good.
5	I really enjoyed myself here!! I wish mamas was closer to me! The prices are around starbucks but, that's okay. I was spontaneous one day and wanted to find a great place to sit and work and I found Mama Javas! So awsome! Im not a "hipster" so I wasnt really feeling the atmosphere or did I feel like I fit in (they could work on that) But, I was there to work and enjoy coffee and I did. Bagel was amazing too!
4	Cool place.  Has low key, hippie feel.  Strong Americano for sure!!!
1	In a way I'm not surprised because the people working there was snooty all too often and, MJ's business hours were erratic at best. Worse; I stopped by there a couple of times since their 'Open' sign was lit but the place was closed.
