5	It's 3am. You're crunked on space wine. It's 3 am. You can't sleep. It's 3 am. Your roommate is hosting a drum circle on the verge of infiltrating hyperspace. It's 3 am. All you want is a paraffin treatment and a mani/pedi. I always find myself in such predicaments and thus, I always find myself at Get Nailed. Catering to jet setting prostitutes and nocturnal strippers, Get Nailed offers hair cuts, hair color, manicures, and spa pedicures 24 hrs/day. The prices are reasonable ($50 for a mani/pedi, $50 for a haircut). The inertia of the graveyard shift was weighing on my manicurist last week- a basic mani/pedi took her over an hour. I didn't care, I had a whore convention the next day. This review is awesome. Girls be so thirsty thirstyFast forward to the end of my songAnd say third verse me verse meWhenever I hit block I seeTricks try to rehearse me hearse me From manicure sets to silky weavesThey be so grimey, nasty, bogusGermy, dirtyUh ohShol didYou ain't slickNaw, let the pioneer blast my shitWait a minute Hold upBubble letters on my butt say "Fresh"Oops I'm a goNails like whoa Acrylic baseTop all goldColors on my nailsTo the paint on my toesStay fresh I'm accustomed to gold
4	Why haven't more people reviewed this place?My wife and I were in Vegas this weekend and found that we could book mani-pedis for the two of us here at 10:15 pm.  The techs were friendly and professional.  I had a mani-pedi combo and my wife had a pedi with a color change on her acrylics.  Her nails were just a little rough on the edges, but overall both of us walked out with a nice job on our tips and toes.Go here if you are looking for great nail service while on your trip to Vegas.  You can literally get your nails done (from a simple manicure to acrylics and gel) 24 hours a day.  Search on Google for their myspace page if you want to learn more and see pics.  Highly recommended.
4	Wow, being nocturnal & finding a nail salon that's open 24 hours is super neato!  It's located on the corner of Harmon & Paradise, eek, tourist land. A little time consuming to get there, since Paradise is a one-way street & it's right across from the Hard Rock.  Being a local and trying my hardest to stay away from the strip clashes with this place.The vibe was hip & Vegas-ey....I loved the Vegas wall behind the nail techs, I stared at it for a solid 10 minutes.  The pedi bowls were opalescent & cool looking, the massage chairs were ultra-modern, they even lumbar-ed & hydrolicized my hiney.  They really splurged when they designed the place.The prices were too high, since I'm part jew.  That's the white man for ya, expecting an arm & a leg for his craftsmanship.  But people spoke English & the hiring person did a great job collecting a festive mix of most ethnicities.  Whatev, I liked it. I would hands down go back if they knocked the prices around a lil bit.
2	Pluses:   *easy drop-in for 2 girls on a Saturday afternoon *nice people -- I loved the well-done foot, leg, hand, and arm massages *good shape -- I got exactly the shaping I wanted on both fingers and toes *nice massage chairs (vigorous, but I like that)Neutral: *my mani and pedi were pretty quick, my friend's pedi took nearly as long as my mani and pedi combinedMinuses: *neither of our pedis were completely dry 5 hours later, when it was time to go out.  5 HOURS.  In the desert.  Are you kidding me?  I wore open toes -- we ended up shopping after our show.  9 hours after my pedi was done I tried on a pair of shoes with peep-toes.  My toes were STILL not dry.   My polish job is ruined. Unacceptable.  *the polish on my fingernails is showing stress cracks (after nothing more than walking around Vegas, shopping, and going to a show).  Worse, the polish on my right pinkie finger is completely gone, it flaked off!  I've had my polish on for less than 48 hours, and it's falling off already.  Bad news!At $55 for a mani/pedi, I would expect a higher quality of product.  The people were good, their skills were great, but even though all the polish bottles used on me said OPI, something is shady there, because OPI is a higher quality of polish than that.
1	My first thought: It's like a wannabe L.A ink but for nails and the service blew!When I drove by the little plaza it's in and saw their sign, I thought it was an awesome/fun idea and that it'd be cool to get my toes done there, but I was deceived. I went in on a Saturday afternoon and their were two girls working on clients and one girl at the register and it was completely dead. The decor is hip with black couches, cool fashion/local mags, flat screens, and the wall paper is of the strip, so kudos on decor. No one acknowledged I was there I had to literally introduce myself to the girl at the counter. She said it'd be about 15 minutes so I ran next door to the Stussy store and ran back and they still weren't ready. I stuck it out for another 15 and finally the girl at the register said she'd start the pedi bath for me and I could sit there. I waited another 30 and then she tells me her employee is late/called off so now she has no one to take care of my pedi and she wasted an hour of my time. I tell her I want my toes to be one color (make it easy) so she gets the nail polish and starts to paint and she does a crap job at that. Then at one point she accidentally drops the nail polish and it splatters all over my purse. At this point I'm done. She didn't charge me and my toes looked like a five year old painted them and I just ended up taking it off when I got back to Cali.This took place in May 08 so maybe they've gotten better since then but aside from the nail polish mishap the girls that were working there weren't your typical Asian nail ladies.  They were young and pretty with tattoos and hip hair cuts,  and they looked like the girls you'd find at a chic L.A hair salon, but really they have no hustle in them.  Going here made me appreciate the little mom and pop places with the Viet ladies that tried to up-sell me, tackle me with hellos and welcomes when I walked through the door, and really get down and dirty and get the job done right!Recession=mad hustle=no "for lease" sign in the window.
1	Worst Nail Salon Ever!!! At first, when you walk in everything looks great. it nicely decorated and everything is clean....but half way through my manicure...i knew that i was in trouble.I brought 4 of my girlfriends there for mani/pedi because we were in vegas for my bachelorette party. But Get Nailed was over priced by about $25 and the outcome was a disaster.When you pay over $50 dollars for a mani ped you expect  certain things to come with it like....for your nails to be filed to the same lengthand for the nail polish to set well and not have bubbles and cracks in it 10min later.and our nails never fully dried. after 6 hours the pedicures were destroyed by our shoes and my hands looked like my 5 year old niece painted them.Don't waste your time or money at this place. I should have demanded my money back!!!!!ps...the people work there were nice but very unprofessional too!2 thumbs down!!!!!
5	Beauty Stimulus Mornings! Come in btwn 3am&10am,mention you're our friend on myspace & get a quickie mani+pedi for $30,a pedi for $17 or a fill for $14!-from their myspace page. what a deal, and open 24/7 I love it!
4	This place isn't for locals, unless you work crazy hours and really need a 24/7 salon.  That said, I was in desperate need of a fill on a Saturday night at 7:00 and happened to be near the Hard Rock.I was seated within 5 minutes and had a very thorough, professional, and FAST fill.  My nails were a WRECK, but they got me fixed up right quick.  I can imagine that if I was out for a girls weekend and needed a broken nail fixed I'd really appreciate the quick service.The place is hip enough looking... not my scene, but whatever.  There were a couple of girls there who obviously were on their way to dinner and the club after they left - so hooray for last-minute primping.The prices are more than my regular neighborhood nail shop, but they're WAY cheaper than the salons in the nearby Strip hotels.  And honestly, for how well they fixed my horrid nails and the speed with which they did it, the $25 price tag for a fill wasn't bad.  Pedicures are $35 and $55.  I didn't notice the price for a full set or a manicure, but they do run really late night specials from 3a-10a.Oh, and I really like that they use the top coat that hardens under the lights.  5 minutes with my hands under the little light thing (not the big communal kind) and I was good to go - no worries about bumping my hands on the seat belt in the car!I don't know that I'd go there again, but I wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend the shop to anyone out here on vacation if they needed nails or toes done.
1	This place is terrible. We waited for 2 hours at 10pm on a Tuesday. They had 2 people working...the other two just didn't feel like showing up. The service was terrible. My manicurist talked nonstop and then was aggressive with my feet. She cut my nails painfully short - painfully, esp when she applied the nail polish remover and it stung. It was $60 for a mani pedi minus tip...and it looked completely unprofessional - I could've done a better job at home. I was so mad about it that I thought about going back the next day and having them re-do everything, but decided it wasn't worth another 2 hour wait on my vacation. Do yourself a favor and do not go here. Either shell out the extra money for a nicer salon at one of the high end hotels or just wait till to do them at a place you trust...You will regret spending money here.
1	I have been here 3 times and 3 times I've had to wait way longer than they quoted to get a service.  The technicians don't like their jobs and you usually get to here about it.  They are also SO SLOW.  Everything takes forever!  And talk about unprofessional.  No, I don't want to smell your stinky cigarette breath from running outside for a puff between services! Oh and no, I don't want to hear you guys argue about who rings up what service.  And OMG I really could do without the conversation of which one of you HAS to do my nails.  Its too bad this is my only option at midnight, I'll do without I guess.
4	Cute decor luv the walls / fab and the staff were friendly
3	Love the name.  Kim did my mani & pedi in no time flat.  She did a great job on a traditional mani, which is a rarity these days.  She said they also do hair in the space.  I'd go back.  Very clean.
2	Once when I was on a nonstop flight from Salt Lake to Washington DC, in lieu of all the reading material I had brought with me, I ended up getting sucked into a marathon viewing of Tabatha's Salon Takeover on Bravo.  After four and a half hours of salon/employee improvement and makeover "reality" TV I can say that this nail salon could definitely stand some Tabatha type attention.     It wasn't as awful as some of the previous reviews, the lady who did my nails was quiet and seemed to stay generally focused - aside from having to answer the phone every time it rang.  I didn't wait very long before she started on my pedicure and she listened to what I wanted (just filing my nails - no clipping.)  The massage chairs work on the bottom and back; there's a lot going on there if you want it, or you can adjust using the controls.  She did a fine job on my toes.     My major complaint comes as we moved over to the manicure.  The tables were gross!!  I wanted to ask for a sponge and some lysol to start cleaning myself.  The manicure tables were dirty and small.  Another customer commented on the cramped space and someone mentioned that they would be getting new tables soon.  I can only hope that someone might be bothered to keep the layer of grime off the new ones, but I doubt it.    Grand total for the experience was $55 for the mani-pedi.  It was passable, but they could be doing a lot better.  Improve the customer interaction, and clean up!  Next time I'm in Vegas I'll find somewhere else to get my nails done.
1	This place is a complete joke. Or atleast the older vietnamese lady i dealt with. I wonder if she is the owner... I got there on a Friday night around 10 in a desperate need of pedicure so i yelped and found this place since they are open 24/7. I know i should've gotten it done earlier before coming to Vegas but i had no time... :(The place looks decent. It's located in a nice clean plaza and they got cute vegas interior concept going on and the workers all seem nice but i seriously thought i was going to get some sort of infection because the tools that the lady was using seemed dirty or used. And she used one towel through my entire pedicure! I am so mad because the lady was filing/buffing my toenails and fell asleep and ended up buffing my skin! I had to wake her up and say " Are you serious? What are you doing. Wake up!" Then she put lotion and oil on one leg and rubbed /massaged it in , and the other leg, she forgot to put the oil. So i had one leg with a cooling sensation and the other leg without. She must've been hella tired to be falling asleep on me twice! After that, she was painting my toe nails and the result was soemthing i could even do and trust me i suck at doing my own nails. The polish was painted on thick and looked messy. Not to mention it was $35 or 45 i can't remember but then what can  i do , considering they open at this late of a night ... She clearly saw that i was not happy. I was just sick of the whole situation and trying to let her know i was not happy , i just paid my money with no tip and left , bursting into tears in my boyfriends car for being stupid and not getting my nails done before i got here. Even though it wasn't my money spent, money is money and this nail shop was the most wasteful place to spend it on.Seriously, i just want to warn anyone who goes there to not get it done by the older asian lady unless u go there in the day time when she is "awake". The other girls seemed ok although i have to question the customers who come here..some seemed VERY odd...
1	I have gotten ok service whenever you can get it.  Made several appointments and whenever I show up no one knows about it...  Waste of time!
2	C'mon, you can do better.I am sure this place could be BOMB! Maybe I just came at the wrong time...It was a long night of partying the night before the wedding, ran into CVS-no way a nail shop was open at 3AM! Went on in, 2 people working, however only one was able to give a mani/pedi...who I waited for 15 minutes to return. I gave it a pass. She finally got in didn't speak, but began eating what was her late night/early morning dinner.  She noticed me looking, gave me the "I am hungry, girl" look-so I told her to take her time (not that I meant it).  She took 20 minutes to finish.  I gave it a pass because I needed nails done BADLY, also it was clean and the lowest price I had found so far (still over priced!)The pedi job was good although the message was rough, not relaxing.  Didn't get the massage chair turned on after I asked for it repeatedly.  The two girls did a lot of gossiping, but I guess they felt that was fine since it was 4AM and I was the only customer. Overall I am satisfied (not happy) with the pedi job, not so much the mani.  Between the sloppy decor, not so hot 4am customer service and the over priced pedi-I don't think I will return
4	this nail shop was really good. i enjoyed it bc they didn't rush me out of there.  im from sf & i know a good nailshop, so when i came across this shop i was excited. i would definately come back, as a matter of fact i will go back this weekend when i get out there woo hoo
3	It wasn't too bad.  I went in at 5AM, I couldn't have expected too much anyways.  But, overall, he did well on my nails.  I got a french tip done, and two of them happened to have glitter in them from the previous job he did at his station, I'm assuming.  I caught the one finger with glitter in it and spotted the other one after the fact and when I was home.  I might go back later and ask to have it re-done, but I'm not too picky as the shape and everything else was well done.  I had asked for rounded tips.  A speck of glitter isn't too bad for me, I've had worse done and more painful experiences.I'll probably go again, but I'll know what to look for next time as far as the station being absolutely clean of glitter. :P$45 for white tips.
2	So, bumped them down due to the fact that I realized my pinky was put on way crooked. Like.  Obviously crooked.  My pinky is typically overshadowed by my rings/ring finger, so I didn't notice it right away....I don't know HOW I missed it, but I did.  Arrrrggghhh.  But, a week and a half later and all my fingers are still intact and none have fallen off.  We'll see how long that takes.
3	The only person worth seeing at this nail shop is Mum, she does an AMAZING job with everything and you really get what you pay for, she is like an artist working on their latest painting when she does your nails, the rest of the nail technicians are pretty much a rip-off for what you get..with a french tip I got different shades of white on the top and bubbles in the gel....hmm not so cool. The upside is this place is open 24 hours a day, so any stripper or party girl who breaks a nail can go get it fixed at 3 in the morning ha..
1	Ive given them three chances and each time ive left in pain, with a jacked up, cracked up pedi and nails that have broken in less than 24 hours. My pedi right now is shittier than one i could give myself except i paid $40 for it. Forget this place, it's dumpster trash.Rude women working there too.After tgeir second strike, I didn't get my nails or any mani/pedi work anywhere for a year. Tonight's service was the final straw.
2	This place was sooo busy that I thought they would do an awesome job! After waiting for an hour I has pretty bad service done. All I got was a pedicure and it was not worth the money I paid at all. The only good thing is that it is open 24/7. If I can find another nail shop open 24/7 I will def. be looking into their services!
1	I was on a trip to Vegas and stayed at the hotel close to it, me and my mom wanted to get our nails done we walked in and they told us to wait 30min and their was like one person getting their nails done so I don't understand the wait? So we simply left
1	I was told it would be 45 minutes when I had 2 girls in front of me, they left before they were helped and I should have been next in line when they helped 5 other people before me. I waited an hour and a half with no apologies from any staff.
4	Alright, so I'm giving this place the honor of being my very first review just because their ratings are so varied. Anyway...I've been to Get Nailed 24/7 multiple times. I've gotten hit or miss results with different nail techs and different times of day, but I feel like I've got it down to a science now. So listen up. Please, please, please make sure that an awesome lady named Mum does your nails. Her gel manicures are perfection (no painting outside the lines), and last (sans chipping or peeling off) for upwards of three weeks, for sure exceeding any of my previous gel mani lifespans. And if you're down with the three dimensional, the cute lil 3D bow and heart designs she's put on my nails have lasted equally long.Ladies (and Gentlemen?), have some common sense. This is not a "locals" nail salon due to it's proximity to the airport, the Strip, etc. I'm local and honestly the reason I go here because Miss Mum does such an awesome job and because it's close to my office so it's quick/easy to go during my lunch break. It's not rock-bottom-cheap, but it's not resort-spa-expensive either. Don't be dumb and expect to get in and out of there without waiting on like a Friday night, because that's really not gonna happen. You can always call before to see if there is a wait (and to make sure Mum's working), and plan accordingly for getting nailed in a timely fashion.  ;]x
1	By far the worse salon I've ever been to! The nail techs are extremely rude and inconsiderate. The salon is extremely over priced and they do not  advertised any of their pricing. Watch out! I went in have my nails taken acrylics taken off. Instead off having my soak before taking off the acrylics he rips off my acrylics dried and damages my nail bed. He then paint on a clear protective nail coat to my surprise later is $40. It isnt until after the coat had dried that I found out the price of of the first coat plus another 40$ for a polish color. Not only did he damage my nails but he attempts to rip me off in the process with 85$ manicure. This place is a joke!
4	I gotta give 4 stars based on the fact that as a local (and a nightshifter) I've been looking for places to accomplish my normal day-to-day crap in the wee hours of morning before the kids are up. The service was average, the pedi was average. I like that it's next door to a CVS so I could grab a few things without having to go to a WalMart. All in all, decent. I saw a previous review that says there is a special for a $30 mani/pedi after 3am-this was not the case. I was quoted $35 for a pedi, but was only charged $25-sweet!
4	After reading all of the reviews on this place, I was wary to try them.  My problem is I work from 10-5, and most salons don't open until 10am, and when you go after 5 you have to wait forever and they rush through you to get to everyone, ie. terrible, rushed massages.Upon pulling up and parking, the neon open sign was on but the door was locked.  As soon I I tried the door, two ladies sleeping on the sofas immediately unlocked the door and started a foot bath for my pedi.  They told me to pick my color and have a seat.  About 5 minutes later another worker came in and the two that were sleeping left.  I waited about 10 minutes for the new lady to get settled then she started on my feet. I was the only customer in the shop the whole time I was there.She was Asian, but spoke normal English which was a nice change.  The pedicure wasn't over the top special, but she didn't make my cuticles bleed, which I was thankful for.  The polish was nicely done, I just wish she put it on a little thicker, maybe one more coat since it was a light color.Then on to my mani.  The massage on hands/arms was AMAZING! She also did an amazing job on my cuticles and skin around my nails since I have a bad habit of biting them. The paint could've been better, the same problem as my toes. I wish she just did one more coat. Other than that, the experience was not a terrible as everyone on Yelp made it seem.  Maybe it was because I went in the morning?  Maybe the girl I had (Kim) was great?  I'm not sure.  The only reason I rated them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they were a bit pricey, $55 for mani/pedi.  I suppose it's alright for the convenience. Overall, I would go there again, probably in the morning time though.
2	If you are in need after hours, then it's the only place to go.  But avoid it if at all possible.  The place looks seedy and dirty. the manicure and pedicures are mediocre at best.  I've been 3 times in an emergency and never felt really pleased, but I got it done.  It's expensive as you compare to the average salons.  I paid $55.00($65 with tip) for a mani-pedi.  My normal place charges $35 for both, but they are not open after 7pm.So, don't expect much and use them in emergency only!
4	Ever have one of those nights when your feet hurt and you wanna do something, but you don't wanna go "out" out? Then go get nailed!!! =DThe polish is high-quality and the prices are the going rate. ($35 for a pedicure)  At that price you can treat yourself to it anytime. The folks who do your nails are professionals. The guy who seems to run the place is likely the best; though other gals are popular with their regulars too.
5	I got my nails done here like 2weeks ago and everyone was so cool. But most importantly I was defienetly satisfied with my nails and the art work was so pretty and creative. Tracie is from Chicago like me n we clicked. Were she been all my life! Lol She asked what kind of designs I had in mind and I jus told her 2 do her thing, n she showed out! Love it! Lol Go 2 her she's off the chain. I'll be back again 2 get my Minxs done
5	I am staying at the Hard Rock Hotel directly across the street, at their spa a spa pedi is $75 dollars!! Here it was 35 bucks.. I usually go to a Asian salon at home for 20-25, but this place was definately worth the extra 10 bucks. If u are staying near by this place is a no brainer. The massage chairs they use their are the best I have ever experienced. The girl who did my nails was Hispanic with long dark hair, I am bad with names but she was really sweet. :)
1	IF I COULD GIVE A NEGATIVE STAR I WOULD This is BY FAR the worst nail salon I have ever visited. I strongly suggest staying FAR away from this place. Unless of course you want to be treated like crap, spend 4+ hours in there on a full set and pedi, and want your nails to fall off in less than a week and send nearly twice the price any other salon charges. (details) I went in a few months ago to have the works done, spa pedicure with nail art, a full set of ink and white, and 3D art. When I came in, no one seemed to want to help me, a good five minutes into trying to get someones attention, I was told it would be 20+ minutes until my service. When the time came, a middle age Asian man sat down to do my nails, he left multiple times in the middle of doing them to use the phone and smoke, a pedicure only takes a good twenty minutes to do, was he really feeling that badly? Then when he went to do my nails he cut them all slanted and way too short, also chopping off my natural nail and cutting my skin. When I asked him to re do one of them to make it longer, he got an attitude and told me to let him do HIS job. I had a horrible experience here and my nails fell off in less than a week with ZERO activities that would cause that to happen. A few months passed so I decided to go back, because it is the only place that is open late. I was in a bit of a hurry because I had an event to go to. I arrived at 830pm and had the same issue, no one seemed to want to assist me, and when they did, again it was going to be a wait. I took my time chose my nail polish and decided to pick the crackle with another color. KIMBERLY (an older black lady) sat me down to do my pedicure, when she went to paint my toes it came out mushy and clumpy and she continued to try and paint them that way, when I asked her to remove it and use a different polish similar she got u with a huge attitude and grabbed nail polish remover and poured it into the bottle and tried to continue to paint my toes with bad nail polish OVER the already clumpy mess that was on my toes. I was fed up at this point ( at this time I had already been in the salon over an HOUR). She finally gives up and decided to do nail art to look like cracks (10 extra dollars), this takes another half of an hour. Mind you they charge 45 dollars for a PEDICURE plus the ten dollars for art. OH and in the middle of doing my nails she kept getting  up, whats the deal with these technicians? Okay, so my toes are finally done and she starts to do my nails, I had her remove the full set on I had before because I wanted my nails shorter but didn't want to get rid of the white at the tip. When I told her this she threw another attitude and said I wish I would have told her so she could have been soaking my nails the entire time, UGH now its going to take longer i want to go home she says. AGAIN at this point I should have  walked out. She goes to do my nails, cuts my finger clipping them, and when I tell her they are crooked and shorter then the skin on the tip of my finger she gets an attitude and says the same thing "How about you let me do my job". Seriously lady? She had the worst attitude. I went to go pay and they tried telling me it would be 145$. ARE U SHI***** me? 45 for the pedicure 10 for the design 45 for WHITE  TIP 10$ for the nail removal 10$ for the ONE 3D art I got on my right ring finger. I didn't even get gel on my nails. Thats 120, where did the extra $ come  from? I left that place in tears and still tiped her 10$ (way less than I would have had she  treated me properly). I spent a week trying to get a hold of a manager, no one would call me back or handle my complaint, I called the owner on her cell phone and she never called me back. A week went by from when I got my nails done., and THREE OF MY NAILS FELL OFF!!! I wasnt doing anything when this happened. once when I was changing and the other two when i was in bed resetting with my boyfriend, talk about embarrassing. I CALLED AGAIN and spoke with the owner she remained SILENT on the phone and said nothing, never asked for the technicians name and her response was I LIKE ALL MY EMPLOYEES, she admitted to planning on doing NOTHING and she told me there is NOTHING that she can do, no refund, and I can not come in and get my broken nails fixed. I hope this place gets shut down.
2	When you need a last minute manicure....it's the only 24 hr location in Las Vegas. A bit pricey...service not the best....but that's what happens when you wait til the last minute.
1	This place should be closed down by the board of health or whoever governs nail salons in the state of Nevada!  I don't think their naill techs have licenses.
1	THE WORST. My usual 24/7 nail place was closed the other night so I decided to give this place a try. I should have listened to the reviews it was AWFUL. Mum was there who is raved about but there were also some other women there as well. When I walked in one young girl didn't greet me at all she just asked what I wanted done no hello or how are you. I told her two pedicures for my girlfriend and I and we were told o pick a color. AS I was picking my color Mum and one of the girls were fighting over who was going to be working graveyard. THE GIRL WAS SO RUDE AND LOUD I CONTEMPLATED WALKING OUT. It was extremely UN professional. I stayed however because I was in desperate need of some pampering. I sat in the chair and soaked my feet. NO ONE WAS IN THE SALON EXCEPT ME MY GIRLFRIEND AND ONE OTHER CLIENT. There was Mum and another young girl who was with a client at the time. Mum saw me filed one toe nail then got up without saying anything and started making phone calls and went to the restroom etc. making me wait 15 minutes after she started my pedicure with no explanation.. when she was getting the dead skin off my feet she was not gentle and used a cheese grater!? Which left skin that was lifted on the bottoms of my feet! Not to mention Mum was preoccupied with everything else other than MY pedicure which I was paying her for. SHE DID A SHIT JOB! THIS PLACE IS A JOKE DO NOT COME HERE EVER. OVER PRICED SHITTY SERVICE AND THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THEY ARE DOING. BEWARE.
1	We(3 ladies & 2 girls) walked into this 24/7 nail shop. There was one person doing nails and one doing a pedicure.  We were coldly greeted by the nail technician. We inquired about prices then took a seat. At no time were we informed of the wait time. We overheard the nail technician talking to someone on the phone, asking them to come in to help. After she hung up, we waited for her to let us know an approximate wait....nothing. She continued her conversation with her client as if we weren't there.  The single star is for a convenient location, across from UNLV, where our daughters are attending basketball camp.
5	You NEED to ask for TRACY!!!! :) I decided to get a mani/pedi here because I left for LA the next morning and a 24 hour nail salon was the perfect solution!  I was a "walk in" at around 1 am and was greeted my 2 of their lovely ladies.  Within 5 minutes my feet were soaking in a hot bath.  The technician who gave me my pedicure was awesome!  She did a great job and was really sweet and friendly.  The best part was the foot massage, she has really strong hands!!!  My pedicure is perfect!!!  I can't wait to show off my cute pink toes at the beach this weekend! Then off to get my nails done by Tracy.  I was a bit undecided on what I wanted and she offered me some great suggestions.  I ended up with something totally befitting for me!  disco ball silver glitter tips!!! I freaking LOVE them and so does everyone else!  She cut the lengths perfect!!! Both sides are identical and she's very gentle as she works.  Also, her and the other nail tech were not only great at what they do, but both of them were personable as well! which is important!!! She even gave me her business card with her personal number and offered that she would come into work if she was off to take care of me when I needed.  That is AMAZING!!!  I can't tell you how many times I've gone through getting my nails done without really talking, or the tech is talking to another tech in front of me.  This was a very nice experience!!! And how can you ever complain about anything while having the luxury of getting your nails done whenever it's to your best convenience!!??!  1am after work??? I'm sold! :)  Thank you again!!!
3	This place is so damn convenient! I wish there were more 24 hour places like this. I work crazy hours, and being able to get a quick mani-pedi and 11PM is my saving grace!This place isn't any better or worse than any other nail joint in town.At any time of night, I have never had to wait.
1	Overpriced!! Decided to get gel nails since I was there for the weekend and I needed to get them done. Bad mistake, they charge 50% more than most places in LA, and the quality is not up to par. By the third day, my nails were chipping. I don't recommend this place.
4	Ok so I have been going here for a few months and most of the techs are great. This past week was not the case, but the owner Beth made sure to make it right. My nails look great and I would refer my friends to go.
1	Dirty!!  I walked in for a pedicure and walked out after realizing this was NOT the place to go.  The man about to conduct the pedicure grabbed dirty tools off another station.  I asked for sanitized ones.  He walked to the sink and scrubbed them off without using soap.  He then grabbed an already used Emory board to file my nails.  As I looked around the station I was sitting at, I saw dirty cotton balls, paper, and tons of dust.  Just hoping I didn't get some sort of fungus from just walking in!!
5	I had a great experience! Joseph was amazing! Really friendly and engaging. The overall environment was clean and relaxing. I would definitely go back. My friend and I came in around midnight and had no issues with waiting since we were the only customers there. Very friendly people. Will definitely recommend.
5	They are the best! Friendly and you just feel laid back. First time going definitely will continue to go. We got lucky when we walked in and nobody was there. But I definitely will continue to go :)
5	All I want to say is that the only reason I gave this place an extra 4 stars is TRACY!  The people there are not courteous and the place is unsanitary but Tracy is an all-star, a true diamond in the rough.  Keep up the good work Tracy......every time I'm back in town you will be my first stop.
1	i was desperate and it was open but i will never go there again. DIRTY! i felt a nail infection happening as they were working on me... i was so nervous after they started and i was looking around and noticed how gross it really was i wanted to just get up and leave but i didn't... i regretted that because they did a crap job and were rude. The guy working on me commented how bad my feet were.. aw, yes i know thats why i'm here getting a pedicure... like i should be embarrassed because i don't take care of my feet... well i was then, thank you!  The theme and concept is great especially for Vegas but they need to clean up their act and people... ill never go back!
1	These ppl are horrible & charge way tooo much for the bad work they do ... I came in and was passed from tech to tech and then someone finally told me they don't do designs  .
1	Terrible service. My nails aren't painted evenly. The woman who worked on me was bitchy, unresponsive, and rude. She wanted $14 to fix two acrylic nails with gel polish of my own that I brought with me. The two fixes don't match my original nails.  I will never go back. I only went because it was late Sunday and my regular shop was closed. I thought this was a convenient solution, but the high cost combined with the low quality is not worth any convenience. Horrible.
2	Been here 3 times. I must admit it is not so great and over priced. The service lacks but they are open late. On a sunday night when I rip off a nail before a big dinner meeting, they are open for a quick fix. I give them props for the crazy late hours but there would be no reason to visit them otherwise.  Last resorts and emergencies only.
1	This place is the worst nail salon I have ever been to. Not only is it extremely overpriced the quality is horrible. My gel nails were painted unevenly and less than 24 hours later are chipping off. The people are rude and unwelcoming. The manicure part was ridiculous. My cuticles are all messed up. I would be very surprised if the manicurists are even licensed. This is place is a joke. Please don't waste your time and money.
5	Love it! She got me in right away. Now I can see where someone impatient people who feel like their needs come before the person who was there first, would have a hard time here. BOTTOM LINE WAIT YOUR DANG TURN. If she actually would have stopped mine to do this girl who couldn't wait I would have been so mad. But she takes you by who comes first SO JUST WAIT!  Lol I just needed a polish change and she exactly what I asked and made a good decision for me;) nails came out great, and QUICK - because she didn't take the impatient one!
2	Ok, LOVE, love, love that there's a place you can literally get your nails did 24/7. That's pretty much where the two stars are for.A group of us strolled in around midnight to get mani/pedis. The service providers my friends got were very nice. I was lucky enough (not) to get the mama san of the salon. She was mean and pushy. Told my friend "You too slow. You snooze you loose!"I just got a pedicure. She did a poor job of shaving the dead skin off. Not sure if it was her or the cheese grater tool she used. Afterward, instead of having nice smooth feet, they were really rough and scratchy. The foot/leg massage left much to be desired. All of that for $40. *thumbs down*But kudos for a clever name, good hours, and entertaining banter among the workers. It was interesting to watch a call girl come in to fix a chipped nail before her next job and a bunch of ladies enjoying a bachelorette night. I guess if I had an emergency nail fix at 2 am, I'd come here again. But in general for the high price and not so great quality, it wouldn't be my first choice.
5	A wonderful experience all around.Three of us had pedicures and would highly recommend this place.Skilled and friendly staff, laid back atmosphere and good tunes.
1	this is the worst nail salon in the city, I've been twice and twice the nail chick (different one each time) made me bleed.  this time she destroyed my cuticles i couldn't even wear closed toe shoes without feeling pain.  and 40 bucks for a pedi that's way too much.  and she did a horrible job, the polish wasn't even put on neatly and correctly, and she was rude as hell.  i really wanted to kick her while she was down there mangling my poor feet up
1	I dropped my daughter off at Get Nailed for full tips and a pedi.  Her wedding was in 4 days and she was suffering with leg pain.  I went shopping and when I returned the manicurist was putting a diamond design on the nails.  THE MANICURIST (An African Americanl lady) WAS LICKING THE ORANGE STICK ON HER TONGuE TO WET THE STICK TO PICK UP THE STONES AND PUT IT ON THE BRIDES HANDS!!!!!!! MY DAUGHTER WAS IN SO MUCH  LEG PAIN SHE DIDN'T NOTICE UNTIL SHE SAW MY EYES ROLLING IN MY HEAD.  I was repulsed! to say the least.  We left saying she would  come back for the pedi.  The store looked dirty and dingy.  Disgusting.  We immediately went to our hotel spa and they removed the stones and sanitized her hands. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.  This store should be cited by the board of health and closed down!!!! One star is too generous!!!
2	The only reason I gave 2 stars is because my mom loves this place and I did get a pedicure there by Kim once which was great...that was 2 years ago. I came back to vegas to see my parents and my mom wanted to treat me to a pedicure so I said let's go here. We walked in and my mother said that she was getting a mani and her son (me standing right next to her) was getting a pedi. My mom got in right away with a sweet female stylist and the cute blonde girl who came in after us got seated for a pedi for a male stylist. At first I didn't care and I sat there, waiting. No update, no "sorry for the wait," no existence acknowledgment at all for about 30 minutes. Next, after that 30 minutes of ignoring me, an older couple walks in and the lady wanted a pedi/mani, of course, she gets sat by another male stylist. So I spoke up and said, "excuse me, I was waiting for a pedi as well." His response, "I don't do guys" YOU DON'T DO GUYS?? Look I'm not gay, but I have no problem having a guy giving me a pedicure. How are you supposed to make any money if you have people working for you that don't do same sex feet?! Get the eff outta here.The worst part about this is IF only women do guys feet, and guys to women feet, why didn't the woman doing my mom's nails take my feet and the guy take my mom's nails? I'm no business owner, but I believe that's a loss of $40. Not sure what 5 years of management in the Navy for customer service get's me, but the customer shouldn't have to ask for updates. Someone should have at least said, "sorry for the wait" or something like that. You give the customer a timeline. Also, back to the pretentiousness of saying, "I don't do guys feet." If it is a policy, say that...that's it. "Our company policy is that men don't do men's nails" would be the proper response. People think people from Southern California are pretentious, just come here and you'll realize just how pretentious Vegas can be. I'm going to give my money to some viatnamese lady tomorrow and not go here again. Get Nailed can get nailed. Sorry mom, I know you love this place.
4	I come in and out of Vegas for work occasionally and this is my new favorite nail spot. I've gotten two pedicures here and they were both fantastic. One was a regular pedi, one was a gel. Probably some of the longest lasting pedicures I've had! Both ladies worked very fast and were very precise. Normally I call ahead to see if they're busy and I've never had to wait for more than 5 minutes. The decor could use some updating but overall I've been pleased with the results! And c'mon...how could you pass up a place called Get Nailed, haha! Only in Vegas.
3	Plusses for the rad people that work there!! Negative for the crazy high prices! I suppose the fact that they are open 24/7 makes up for that when you are in a bind at 3am.
4	I know a lot of people who hate this shop, but personally I love it. Not only are they 24/7 but they have great staff. I drive across town to come here.
3	Just for being open 24/7 is 3 stars. There was one nail tech who was unprofessional IMO. She was yapping on the phone while doing someone's nails. The place is also in need of a cleaning. I only got the acrylic removed from my nails so I can't comment on the quality of their work. I will return again if I need my nails done at odd hours .
2	I really like the atmosphere at get nailed and the hours 24/7 BUT after my last few experiences here I will not be returning unless everyone else is closed and I have no other option the time before this last I got a new set 2 had to be fixed before I left then a week later had to come and get a fill early cause they were so bad then came back for a late night fill and pedicure ended up needing a new set my other set only 3 weeks old when she was taking them of split my thumb nail started bleeding hurt so bad then had to redo my polish cause she didn't pick out the right base then I'm like pedicure time burns the shit out of my leg when trying to rinse the scrub off then trying to tell me what I want won't look good....... well unless you must go try somewhere else..
1	Awful!My friend and I went at 1am. There was no list to sign to know who was next so of course we had a girl who cut us when we were supposed to be next. I got a pedicure. $35 for a pedicure I could have done a better job. She barely cut my toenails. Didn't push my cuticle. And the nail polish she put on me was poodled when it dried. She did a horrible job and I felt it was way too expensive. They don't like their jobs and it shows. My friend got a gel manicure. It was super thick and had bumps all over :/ at least hers was only $20. Which doesn't make any sense how a basic pedi is more expensive than a gel manicure.I will never go back. The only thing they have going for them is that they are open 24 hours. But they should be closed 24 hours. Awful awful awful. You can check my reviews I hardly ever give a bad one. This is my first 1 star and to be honest it only got 1 because there is no option for no stars. Still feeling stupid for going there.
4	The guy doing my pedicure was nice and social. We both oops'ed and neither one of us checked the temp of the water before I put my feet in. The water was still running and he had went to get the tools. I think I just burnt me feet off. There are a brother and sister working here together. The brother started the pedi and sister finished the polish. The sister was very thorough with my polish. She had a gel "white diamond" on her nails-will be getting that next time. $35.00 for a pedi.
3	I come to this place every so often as my work hours sometimes make it difficult to get to my normal nail place during their hours. For being the only place I know of that's open 24/7 I don't have much choice and come here. All the pedicures I've gotten have been decent, nothing noteworthy, but they do there job and no complaints. They need to work on their cleanliness... They should probably finish the ceiling, not sure if that is a "design" statement or not. It could be cleaned and better organized and customer service as well as professionalism could be much better. They could do a lot more to justify raising prices, especially since they are unique and open 24/7.
5	Friday night, 8pm, it was busy but my friend and I had maybe a 10 min wait for pedicures. The guy with a sleeve tat did an awesome job. Super friendly, he did a great job. Awesome leg massage!! He did a great job tackling my hoof-like calluses too. I'm really surprised at all the negative reviews, I've been here a few other times and never had problems on those times either with service, or with my nails.
3	This is a great concept for vegas so I wanted to try it out since I work in the industry and don't get off till 4am. My experience was just ok, nothing special. Definitely not a very clean salon, within 2 min of being there I saw a cricket walking around on the ground and another bug jumped onto me from the couch. Gross. But I still stayed as I was in separate need of a pedi. My girl was nice but there is zero organization there. Very overpriced my pedi was 35$ before tip. My regular place next to my house is 20$, super professional and spotless. It has been 5 days since I got my toes done and my polish is still in tact- even lasted through a sand volleyball night. I won't be back to this salon but I'm glad I know that now.
5	Went here last Sunday to get a pedicure and a gel manicure.  My pedi was immaculate and the nail technician did a way better job on my gel mani then i have ever gotten before.  I love the atmosphere.  Not your typical "spa" nail salon setting, but perfect for a place that stays open late on a Sunday when most other nail salons close at 5pm on Sundays.
2	I came here around 10 pm looking for a pedicure with my little sister. The guy working on us was great but the place itself was disgusting. The water was lukewarm at best and the tub was gritty on the bottom. I couldn't relax...all I could think about was the horrible infection I would get if my skin got cut. Really, the guy was great..joking with us and did a decent job (not the best by any means) but the bathrooms really took it over the top in nastiness and caused me to yelp a bad review. You have to keep a place looking decent if you want people to want to come back? My standards aren't even super high but when there's poop and pee on the seat and floor with no signs of it ever being cleaned recently it really makes you wonder if you're in a sketchy gas station getting your nails done . Avoid this place...it's gross. Although, it is worth mentioning that I never got an infection and my pedicure looks good a week later.
1	Awful! After basically ignoring me for a half hour (even though it looked like someone was available to do my service), the woman who did my pedi was so aggressive with the micro plane she literally drew blood on the side of my foot. Then when she was putting my flip flops on she screwed up a nail and instead of redoing it right, she did the polish remover trick to smooth it over. I 100% guarantee that nail won't last like the other 9 nails. $35 and I got taken!! Don't go there.
1	Visiting from out of town and was looking for a place  to get a manicure and pedicure that wouldn't cost a fortune. The concierge at our hotel recommended this place. We called and were told they don't take appointments but come on in as there was no wait. Once we got there I understood why. Most of their polish selection was cheap brands that you can buy for like $2 a bottle- and I know from experience chips easily. The nicer brands they had (OPI, Essie) we're limited or didn't have much left in the bottle. Regardless I picked a color I liked and sat in the pedicure chair. A guy got started on my sister right away and told me "she will be with you right away."  I sat with my feet in the water probably 10 or so minutes with no one coming over.  No biggie, I'm patient. But as I sat there I looked around and realized just how dirty the place was. There was a film of dust on the furniture, the floors were dirty, the pedicure tubs felt grimy on the bottom, and it just looked like they never cleaned the place.  It made me nervous so I looked it up on Yelp and that's when I started to see some of the reviews that said the same.Being that I like to give things a fair shot I didn't want to read into the reviews too much but then the lady came over to start on my toes. She said hello and then went to work. Didn't talk to me, didn't apologize when she hurt me and pretty much just rushed through the service. Even though I started at least 10 minutes after my sister we finished at the same time to move into our manicures. When we got to the manicure she got snippy with me when I answered her question about filing my nails. It just seemed like she didn't like her job. Once she was finished painting (after not talking to me at all again) she literally said "you can go up there now," pointing to where my sister was getting finished. Again I was done before her which meant she rushed through my service. So I went up there thinking she would put me at a dryer or something for my nails. Instead she walked to the back and got on her phone. Just beyond rude and unhelpful. I had to ask another employee to help me get a dryer for my nails. After all this and paying $55- $20 for manicure and $35 for pedicure my manicure completely chipped the next day so I had to remove it the following day. What a waste of money and time! I will never go back here when I'm in Vegas and will make sure people I know avoid until they get their act together and look like they care about their business. Totally disappointed.
2	Not worth the price! I was visiting from out of town and went there to get a manicure and pedicure based on a referral from the hotel concierge. I was hugely disappointed with the lack of cleanliness and professionalism. I get that it's not a fancy high end nail salon but it's extremely bad customer service to have some employees getting their nails done and others taking smoke breaks with friends (also getting their nails done) instead of helping customers. The guy who did my nails was nice and did a good job but I was a little concerned about how dirty everything was. The foot tub seemed grimy, the manicure takes were covered in grim and dust and clearly hadn't been cleaned. I was worried I would get some kind of infection. ..so far so good. I did get a pretty good cut on my toe from them using the cheese grater looking thing (I thought nail salons weren't allowed to use those anymore). Save your money and go somewhere clean and sanitary.
1	Stopped by around 3 am on a Tuesday. Rang doorbell. No answer. No visible activity inside. Lights turned down low. Stood outside for a few minutes feeling like an idiot until a crack head approached, asking for money. If you're touting yourself as a 24/7 business you better be open 24/7. I understand the need to shut down for emergencies and such every so often, but you should at least put a sign on the door. Not gonna bother with this again. It's too bad, because I work nights and really would have loved a true 24/7 nail salon.  According to other reviews I'm not alone in my experience so I will not be returning.
1	Bad service, did not pedicure my feet correctly or the shaping, and he messed up on one of my toes and didn't really fix it. Don't ever come here!!! I could have done my own toes better and they charged me 35 dollars for a crap service!!! Whoever the manager is please contact me because you need to change everything about this place!
1	I'm the type of person that has to check something out for myself to see if it's any good. That goes for movies, clubs, nail spots, ect. After reading all of the bad reviews, I REALLY should have just skipped this place. It sucks because the 24 hour concept is soooooo convenient & could make a lot of money but the customer service here is just appalling. So for starters, yes they are expensive.  Which I would be okay with if they actually did good nails! I did a fill, and a polish change & spent 45$ -_- 30 for a fill, 15 for a polish change. I had to ask the lady multiple times to fix my nails. I got french tips on my nails & toes. WHY IS THAT SO CHALLENGING FOR HER I DONT F**KING KNOW!! Then I asked her for some pink on the base of my nails & she huffed & puffed. Ohh, I'm sorry I asked for some pink polish!! WTF! & then she said 'Your nails are hard to do, you ask for too much, your toes are easier' who says stuff like that to a paying customer??? I just ignored her & put her to work because anything i had to say at that point wouldn't have been nice at all. I gave her the hardest time on purpose. Having her fix every little thing since she wanted to give me attitude. AND I didn't tip her. Sucks that this ONE nail tech f**ked it up for everyone in there, i bet there is a few in there that know how to do good nails, but due to the worst customer service I've ever had in life, I won't be back. The owner really needs to evaluate who she has working for her because they are screwing her BIG time. Please avoid this place at all costs, unless you want to be overcharged for crappy nails & service
3	Just left from get nailed 24/7 my honest opinion they do a okay job. I had a basic gel manicure for 40$ although there was two customers around me both women were both upset with there nails. One was yelling at the one of guys who was doing her nails it defiantly had me worried. The women who did my nails was Asian women she didn't speak to me. I gave her a compliment about her nails and her response was " mmm" I didn't feel welcomed in the store it was dead in there almost like a negative energy. My overall review u can go some where better honestly with better customer service.
5	I am so happy they are open 24 hours and I was thrilled with Danny. He is a real nail pro. He is fast as well as meticulous.  I got a fill with a gel french manicure.  I also got a pedicure.  Yes the prices are a bit more that the cheap nail places but you pay for convenience.  The other places are not open at 10:00 at night are they? No they sure aren't.  This place is and expect to pay a bit more for nails at 3 AM! It's not nearly as pricy as the upscale spas.
5	This is *the* place to go to in Vegas.  They have a wide array of beauty services and their techs are extremely professional and friendly.  Kudos to JoMarcus for the outstanding service!  #HappyCustomer
5	I had Marcus and he was so helpful from the very beginning! I was unsure about color as I'm bad at making decisions. He took his time making sure to listen to any specific requests (squared off nails rather than rounded, nail length, etc). I was very pleased and the cost wasn't bad either! I'm def a new regular! Oh, and best perk, it's 24/7 so a last minute mani/pedi is no problem at this salon!
1	I have been going to this place on and off for about 3 years.  When I first started coming I never loved it but it was convenient and most of the time they did a decent job.  They would do all sorts of designs and 3D.  There was always drama though with the staff and not always the cleanest place.  Over the past year every time I come it gets worse and worse and the place looks more ghetto, dirty and the people do less and less.  Today I walked in and ask for a reverse French on my nails and a lady I know has worked there a while said oh I can't do that.  I don't do nails and I could do it.  While she walked around asking other people to do my nails after already waiting a half hour she finally sat down to give my pedi without even resolving the issue of what I wanted done.  I was running out of time so I just said oh well let's just get a pedi and mani done so I don't looked busted tonight going out.  My regrets after sitting in my broken chair (when they had 5 others) with the massage balls stuck in the middle and digging into my back and the filmy water I stuck my feet in.  I am so grossed out.  I can't wait to get home and stick my feet in vinegar to disinfect my feet and as for my nails she did an ok job even after she complained she couldn't do it.  I knew she could.  she was just to lazy to want to try to do something different.  I will NEVER go back.  If I had to drive an hour to the nearest place to do my nails I would drive before going back. So sad because it could really be a great place.
4	The lady that did my nails hlep me pick out my colors in gel and give a amazing foot massage
1	This was probably one of the worst pedicure experiences I've had. I usually go to a place closer to my house but my friend wanted to go get a pedicure and our normal place was closed so we decided to give them a try. First they didn't greet us and when they did speak to us they were very rude. Once we actually sat down we asked for just regular pedicures which on their website is called the quickie but instead they charged us for the basic. My friend even reminded the gentlemen working on her pedicure that she just wanted the simple one but he felt that she needed the upgrade so instead did that pedicure which was $10 more. So we paid $35 for a decent (that's being nice) pedicure. I have an ingrown toenail and whenever I go get a pedicure they take it out because it is not severe but the lady told me they don't take them out and all I replied was ok and she kept arguing why they won't do it and since I did not reply she started speaking a different language to the guy next to her and I guess they don't have a translation for an ingrown nail cause she kept saying that to him. Out of that I clearly understood that she was talking about me. I still stayed quite and then she started scrubbing my foot. She was really rough to the point where it started hurting so I told her to stop cause it hurt and she started to argue that it was the chemicals and kept scrubbing the area that hurt until I pulled my foot back. I've never had a pedicure that burned but apparently to them it was normal. So she told me to put my foot in the water and I did until it started burning more so I took it out but she kept pushing it back in until I told her to stop. I later came to realize that she had scrubbed so hard that she made little cuts on my toe and that's why it was burning. I've never had that happen anywhere but I still didn't say anything because I did not want to create a scene. She did a horrible job painting my toes because there was paint all over and she didn't even clean it off. I was done before my friend so I sat down to wait. Then we notice that she just drained the water and didn't even scrub or sterilize the sink before seating the next person for their pedicure. That is definitely a hazard and I want to report them because that is so unsafe. I hope that the cuts that she created on my foot don't get infected cause they clearly have no sterilization. Overall it was a horrible experience! Their service was horrible and they were so rude and unprofessional. I would not recommend this place at all. There are much better places that are open 24/7 and are priced better and have better quality service.
4	I got in right away w/o an appt. Decent assortment of polishes to choose from. Had complimentary bottles of water. Joseph did a really nice job w/ a lot of attention to detail.  I will defiantly be back when I'm in town again!!
1	I absolutely hated it here. I went to get my nails done at 4 a.m. and from what i understand they are 24 hours . And the lady was so rude opening the door to me as if she was upset i woke her up.  Umm hello get off the night shift then. The place was filthy  . There were magazines all over with a layer of dust on them . Gross.  Anddd the place is way too over priced. She did my gel so sloppy and was upset when i asked her to paint the corners . You dont fully paint then i shouldnt fully pay.  I would give this place 0 stars if it was possible
1	I went here after work for the first time. I work swing shift i needed a fill bad this was the only place open when i got out of work so i thought i would give them a try. Wow worst customer service ever!! After waiting at the door for ever a lady finally came to tell me she didn't have time for me... Eventually she did get me in after watching her doing nothing for some time . She rushed to get my nails done they were very poorly done she definitely has no pride in her work! I will never go back or even recommend anyone to go to this place . I'm surprised they are still in business i never seen such horrible customer service nor poorly work done on my nails.... Very sad!!!
1	The experience was ok. My friend and I went at midnight. The wait was for 20 mins and no one else was there in the shop for us to be waiting after. The girl had placed our waters for our pedicures and then left. Didnt show her face again. The other girl walks in and sets the water for us and nice enough. The other girl finally came and worked on mine and the guy for hers. The girl that did mine. Had an issue with my colors and then was on the fucking Bluetooth the whole dam time! The job was shitty on my feet. Didnt scrub well and she just acted like she wanted to just leave and like she should be doing something else. Which at 1 am is understandable but this is her job and she chose it. Ugh. She was horrible. And end of the experience was ok only for the other man that came and help us with our slippers and was very funny. Btw our pedicures chipped the next day. We wont 've coming back.
1	This is my go to salon when I'm really desperate and my favorite salon is closed for the night. They usually do an okay job. They are very expensive. I don't mind paying a little more for the convenience but it irks me to pay more for subpar quality. However I'm 100% sure I'll never be desperate enough to come here again. Firstly, they tried to overcharge me for my manicure. I had been there several times before so I knew what they were doing. I immediately asked to see a price list and all of a sudden the tech wasn't sure on the price after all and would double check with the receptionist. I found this humorous as I have seen this particular tech working here every time I have came in. He knows the prices!! I had received a full set of nails with pointy tips. They looked good enough for me not to write this review...for a few days. Then a nail broke off. Then another. And another. Finally, it has been under two weeks and HALF of them have broken off! I'm especially irritated because I would normally be able to receive just a fill at two weeks but instead I have to pay for a full new set. On top of the breaking, the paint job was chipping after a few days.Only come here if you are desperate and need okay nails for just one or two days.
2	The only appealing part about this place is the 24/7 service. If you want a late night manicure than this place is basically the only option, however in my opinion it's better to just wait until morning so you can go somewhere else. Gel manicures normally run $25-$30, however at this salon it's $40. Which to start with is crazy over priced, but worse than that, the woman I worked with made me pay before I actually got any polish put on. It was very odd and very uncomfortable, how am I suppose to tip on a service I haven't had yet? Plus I feel as though you should always pay after so you actually know what you're paying for.  My nails are nicely shaped and the police came out with the good strong color I was hoping for. However none of that was really the manicurists doing, my nails were basically already shaped and I picked red polish, you can't really screw up that color. The manicure portion of the manicure was quick and to the point, she even almost forgot to buff my nails and had to call me back before I washed my hands. As I said before the polish came out on well but at the end there was no lotion or hand massage that you would normally get. So I basically dropped $40 just to get my nails painted. Which in my mind is a rip off since I can get that and more for $25.
