5	This is the new, off-campus (yay!) and more fine dining Bombay, and I have to say, it is fantastic.  It's in the old Basmati building, and they are doing a wonderful job of bringing their delicious food to the non-student crowd.They've only been open a couple weeks and seem to have everything down already.  The service was perfectly attentive and the food was amazing.  They bring out an Indian version of chips and salsa at the beginning of the meal that was really good.  Their Naan is some of the best I've had, and the Tandoori lamb was so wonderfully tender that a butter knife was more than sufficient to cut it.  Everything was perfectly flavored, just the right temperature, and the portion sizes were right on the mark.  Our bill for two was about $40 and included appetizers, extra Naan and drinks, so the prices are very fair.  I was really stuffed by the time we left and still had plenty to take home.The owner stopped by at the end of our meal to see how we liked everything and to tell us a little about his restaurants and business philosophy (ie, made to order food using his father's original recipes), which I though was a nice touch.  I sincerely hope that this new location takes off, as it certainly deserves to!
5	OK. 5 Stars might seem weird, BUT for the mid-west, this IS as good as Indian cuisine gets outside of Chicago. It is such a HUGE step up from the previous Basmati owners in the same building, I can't believe it. The food is absolutely delicious, with generous and interesting portions. I LOVE that they regularly serve a Goat special, it is always amazing. TOTALLY a fan. Like, totally.
3	In the interest of full disclosure, Bombay Grill is decent Indian Food. What makes me indifferent is that I can have what they make for me at home, for a cheaper price and tastier result.  That said, this place beats the socks off it predecessor - the sorry excuse for an Indian restaurant Basmati.  However, the curries were insipid, the Samosa was all right, and the raita ran on the sour side.   I did appreciate the free rice with the curry though!  I'll be back when I'm too lazy to cook for myself, but maybe this time I'll ask for a higher spice level and see how they treat me.
5	This would normally be given 4 stars with room for improvement, but since is the only place in CU to get Indian food, it gets 5 stars.  The food itself is pretty damn phenomenal.  I had Lamb Saag, which knocked my socks off.  I've had better Lamb Saag, but that was at Taste of the Himalayas in San Francisco, and I don't see myself getting back there anytime soon.  The lamb was tender (but not totally melty-tender as at Taste of the Himalayas), and the saag was creamy and flavorful (with a hint of lemon!).  My fiance had Chicken Tikka Masala, which was definitely the best I've ever tasted.  The side order of naan was plentiful--definitely enough for our party of four.  The rice was not plain, but decorated with little vegetables, and most importantly, was not sticky with starch.  I didn't try the dishes my mother and stepfather tried, but they were extremely happy with their choices.My only problem was the service.  They were overly attentive in the kind-of-intrusive way.  We'd be talking and a waiter would come up and start talking over us immediately--that sort of thing.  And they were constantly there in some capacity, whether it be filling up 3/4-full water glasses or asking if we wanted more popodums or naan or if they could take our dishes yet.  Cool it, folks.  We're trying to have a leisurely dinner here.  I know there are worse things than being served attentively, which is the other reason Bombay retains its 5 star rating from me.
4	don't get me wrong--i absolutely love this place.however, my only complaint is the same thing someone else mentioned: the service. true, there are worse things than overly-attentive service, but when you've got 12 different guys coming up to your table literally every three minutes to fill your nearly-full glass of water or take away silverware you're not done with, it gets really annoying. i know, i know, it could be worse, service-wise, but it's...well...annoying. that said, the food is excellent, and right on par with what you'd find in bigger cities. i've never had a meal here and come away disappointed. plus, with them having handed out 15% reusable discount cards, who wouldn't be pleased? hell, just writing about it makes me want to go ;)
3	The lunch buffet is usually great, the food is good, and like another reviewer said, a VAST improvement over the depressing Basmati restaraunt that used to be in the same space.BUT. Oh my god, the service. We've made a game of how many different servers we'll get coming to take our order, or how often the water glasses get refilled (current record: 19 times in a single dinner). It's almost impossible to relax, eat, and talk with friends when every two minutes someone is reaching across you to take away your silverware, switch out one plate for another one, or top up your almost-full water glass. And when the servers aren't at your table, they just stand in a line at the back of the room, staring at you. It would be funny if it weren't so distracting!
3	Good food overall!! Offers a wide variety of dishes to pick from, and all the vegetarian' curries taste good. I would rate it a zillion times better than the lame 'Basmati' that it used to be earlier. However, i wouldnt recommend any dish that involves meat (chicken/lamb). I auways end up finishing the whole dish, leaving all the meat aside. It feels like huge, bland chunks of cisco meat that taste no better than rubber had been dumped into the gravy/sauce/curry that you ordered for, and then served. Now i stick to vegetarian food when ever i visit this place.Note: good cust service.
4	They do have a nice buffet for lunch, but its overpriced in this market at $10.99 for lunch without a beverage.  The service is very attentive, almost to a fault as it felt at lunch like they were hovering over our table.  There was a good crowd on a snowy Tuesday at noon, and they had at least 8 hot entrees available plus several salads and a soup.These are the same owners who have a more casual location open on Green Street in Campus and now an Indian grocery at Springfield and Locust.  As of right now they have a monopoly on prepared Indian food served at your table in CU and they have earned the success they seem to be enjoying.
5	Bombay has a place on Green Street which is campus oriented, plastic table tops, styrofoam service, and fabulous food. After trying it for lunch I went to the 1st street place with my spouse. The setting was beautiful, the service was great without being pushy, and the chicken tikka Marsala and the lamb biryani were the best they could have possibly been. I've lived and eaten in Champaign Urbana since 1972 and Bombay is the best restaurant in my experience, bar none. The food is mild, not "too much" curry, just nearly perfect. A must go-to restaurant.I have since back for dinner and again for the lunch buffet. The dinner was oustanding once again but the lunch was a bit overpriced for what you get. Bombay is still the best restaurant in C-U.
4	They handle large groups well. We had about 20 and it went off without a hitch: checks were separated with ease, orders were correct, and service (on a non-busy night) was perfect.One thing to avoid: "Taj Mahal" brand beer.  "Brewed for Connoisseurs" my ass. Per born-on date, it was brewed 8 months ago. It was apparently then shipped on the poop deck of a shit raft from the smelly part of India to the smelly part of the US and along the way exposed to the sun as much as possible. What I am trying to say is that it was as skunky of a beer as I have tasted since high school.
3	The food was good, not great. The portion size was a bit too small for the price. Ive had frozen Indian food that is comparable to what I had at Bombay. I mean, the experience was enjoyable (minus the cramped table) but I really don't think it's all that great.
4	So nice to get great Indian food in Champaign-Urbana...  While from Chicago and am spoiled with great Indian food, I am perfectly happy with the level of quality when visiting my boyfriend In C-U....   Yum.
2	once you've had indian food from amar india in dayton, ohio, everything else is just bland.  this place is okay for a fix i guess.  still waiting for a place that serves indian food as good or better than amar
1	This used to be a decent Indian restaurant, but the last time I went (mid-summer), the food was so greasy it was practically swimming.  I hope it was a one-time thing, because I'm not inclined to go back, especially now that South Indian food is available in Champaign.
5	If I could give this more stars than five, I would. It is a phenomenal restaurant. I have only been here for the buffet. Usually, they have about 8 entrees with a mix of Veg and Non-Veg. The Naan is to die for. I haven't tasted Indian food so delicious and authentic since I was in India. If I could afford it, I would eat here every day.
4	Very good Indian food, with lots of veg options.  Absolutely delicious naan and their paneer is some of the best I've had.  Yummy mango lassi, though more sour than I'm used to.Solidly recommended!
3	Given the growing popularity of Indian cuisine, I am surprised that the Bombay Grill conglomerate (Green Street location, First Street location, Bombay Bazaar) have such a monopoly on Indian food in this town.  The other student-accessible restaurants (Zyggyz's and Mirsung) are good options for a casual lunch, but this Bombay Grill is the only viable option for a "nice" dinner.If you want to try Bombay Grill, lunch time is the best time.  They serve a fully-loaded buffet that features both a cold bar and hot bar.  Almost nobody touches the cold bar.  What's the deal, people?  The raita and chutneys are some of the best things here.  Along with several hot dishes (curries, stir-fry, tandoori chicken), they serve a soup, dessert(s), and cumin chips each day.  Most dishes are above average, but the curry sometimes tastes watered-down.  The price of the buffet kind of makes me balk ($13), so I usually fast for a day before gorging myself (sorry, that probably sounds unnecessarily gross).I try to avoid this place at dinner.  The quality of food is certainly better than what is available on the lunch buffet, but I also have to break the bank to pay for it.  If you want to sample a broad range of food at dinner, I would suggest going with friends who will split dishes.  The best dinner deal is probably the biryani (Indian-style fried rice), which is served with raita.  It comes in a huge serving for a reasonable price ($12-$14).I can't complain about the service.  The wait staff is always awesome at refilling drinks and clearing plates without interrupting your mealtime conversations.  I've also often come with large groups, and they've been perfectly hospitable when accommodating us.
5	I love Indian food and loved this place when I visited friends in Champaign. It's a MUST for anyone who love Indian food.
5	When I was an undergrad at UofI from 2003-2007, I loved going to Bombay Grill.  I think they actually opened in 2005?  Not sure.  Regardless, my life hasn't been the same since I have eaten their food and also when I had to leave Chambana for St. Louis.  Every time I drive up to Chicago, I stop by Bombay Grill - the last several occasions they have been closed and I have resorted to eating at Za's.Anyway, the chicken jalfrezi there is amazing.  I would gladly eat dog shit to be able to eat Bombay Grill once a week in St. Louis.  For all you lucky people still in Chambana, go and enjoy.  I-L-L- !!!
5	It seems like the Bombay on Green Street and First Street are the same franchise but this Bombay on First Street seems cleaner and nicer than the other one on Green Street. The place seems very intimate and quiet -a nice place to take your hot date lol. Each table was set up nicely with utensils, folded tablecloth, plates, and water glasses. Also one of the staff would lit your table with tiny tea candles as you get adjusted. I think the nice staff and the environment made the food even more enjoyable. My boyfriend and I shared a Lamb Aloo Ginger Curry entree with butter na'an and samosa. The Lamb Aloo Ginger Curry had tender pieces of lamb and potatoes in some kind of ginger curry sauce. I really liked how the curry wasn't too hot but hot enough to enjoy the flavors. Also, I think Bombay makes the best naan in CU. You can't forgot about naan! I have a penchant for naan at Indian restaurants. Bombay's naan was so soft, fresh, and warm. A great addition to your meal.  I also recommend people to try the Samosa. They are crispy crab ragoon-like shaped appetizer, stuffed with potatoes & green peas.I loved how everything came out fresh out of the kitchen, and our whole meal was perfect for two people. I think two curry entrees can be a little too much. The price was eh a little too much. I think the price at Indian restaurants can be a little too much, but this meal was too enjoyable to complain about the price of the meal. The staff was friendly and the food was great. I am a fan of Bombay Grill.
5	At no other restaurant have I received service as excellent as I got here.  Your needs are attended to almost instantly, and the treatment is much better than most establishments at this price.  I originally went here for my birthday, in large part because I was sick and Indian food was one of the few things with strong enough taste for me to enjoy.  I am glad I did.  While I can't remember the specific name of the dish I ordered, it involved Basmati rice, lamb, and cashew sauce.  It was excellent.  The provided chips (not sure of the specific name) were good, and free of charge, as was the pudding-esque small dessert.  In addition, the tea I got, which might have been called "Masala Chai," was a good thing for sick me on that day.Overall, one of the nicer restaurants in the area, and it cannot be beaten for Indian food out here.
4	Now I don't have much of a history with Indian restaurants, but what little I do has not been very good. So when coworkers suggested "Indian" tonight, I was outwardly on board but internally a little skeptical. After having Bombay Grill--well, my attitude's all different.Nothing special about the decor; it was all about the food! For starters, papads (fried chips made from lentils) and samosas, complimented with green chili and plum sauce. As an entree, I had the "Lamb Aloo Ginger Curry"--sticky rice came with it. Ordered some naan, which held it all together really well. Wash it all down with a Kingfisher lager. Seriously, purrrrrrfect.I walked in unsure, feeling a little off. I left Bombay Grill totally excited about Indian food. Yeah!
5	This place had THE best chicken tikka masala I've ever eaten in Champaign-Urbana!My boyfriend suggested that we go there and I have to say I'm bummed that I've lived in Champaign for so long without knowing this place existed! I really love the crispy bread they bring out with the two different dipping sauces. It's light and flaky but still somehow has a lot of flavor. I also had enough to take home for lunch the next day, it was all soooo good! Not to mention, while the atmosphere wasn't the classiest, it was still really nice and romantic and the staff was fast and polite. I definitely want to come back and try to venture away from my usual Tikka Masala, even though it's my favorite!
5	I adore everything about Bombay!  I tend to eat mainly vegetarian, and the options at Bombay are numerous.  The weekend buffet is loaded with savory and spicy vegetarian dishes and some meaty stews as well. The cold salad bar has lettuce and the usual fixings with Indian dressings (yogurt, tamarind,etc.)  There is also a fantastic cold chickpea salad.  The naan bread is the best I've ever had.  The hot part of the buffet includes soups, tandoori chicken, several  vegetable stews, and sometimes they even serve goat meat.  Desserts are different and good.  I'm fond of the sweet Cream of Wheat with carrot, and the sweet vermicelli pudding.  Service is attentive almost to a fault.  I think the price for the buffet is a bargain considering the quality and quantity of food offered.  I also love the attractive,clean, and comfortable interior, the cosmopolitan mix of customers, and the easy and ample parking.
1	First time - and last. Food was good, but overpriced. $10.99 for weekday lunch buffet is too much. That's without drink. Then the tip was added to the price making the total with tax 3 cents under &14. Adding the tip for a group of 6 is in poor taste. Probably it was done because of so many waiters, almost as many as there were customers. The buffet was self-serve - the waiters just poured water. I don't even want to look at the dinner prices.
4	Went for the brunch buffet. Good value for 11.99. Would visit again.
4	This is my go-to Indian place in town, and for the sit down restaurant experience, it's definitely great.  I'd recommend it for the atmosphere, the prompt and reliable service, and oh my god everything from Chicken Korma to Lamb Saag has BEEN AMAZING.  So yes, go.  Now.
5	OMG I'M SO FULL BUT I WANT TO KEEP EATING.When the food comes out, I always think it looks small but I get filled up so fast and I always have to take home my food.I've been pleased with each visit I've made here.Unfortunately, I don't know much about authentic Indian food so I try my best. I don't even know what I ordered so I end up trying something different each time!For my most recent visit I ordered the "Bhuna Chicken Saag" which is a hot Chicken entree. I can taste the spice but it is not that spicy. I don't need to take a drink of water or nothin', ya know? It is still deliciousss, the vegetable portion is good, I mix it with the rice. The chicken is tender & juicy. I'd say it's about 3:2 vegetables to meat.. As it should be.BASMATI RICE. YUMMMM. In my culture, eating rice everyday is normal. I can only wish we had that delicious Basmati rice everyday.I also ordered the "Onion Kulcha". I've had their "naan" & "tandoori roti" as well. All I can say is WHY ARE INDIAN BREADS SO GOOD? These pieces look like pizza & you get full after one. It's weird.Complimentary lentil chips come with your order before your food comes. They taste good. Don't really do anything for your hunger lol. The red & green sauces that comes with them is bomb. I wish I knew exactly what it was but I'm too shy to ask.Their buffet is also really tasty. There isn't TOO MUCH of a selection but I mean, it's enough to have a bit of variety. I never feel I get my money's worth though cause I get full after 1 - 1 1/2 normal sized plates. (I don't have the biggest My dad likes their Mango Lassi. He says it's the best he's ever had at any restaurant (Other states and Canada).OTHER NOTES:- All the dishes I've ordered have been kind of oily.- They have a large vegetarian section.- Every time I've been here, this place has only been maybe 1/4 filled at the most.- I'm black and a few times I've been stared at by Indian families while eating, which is uncomfortable and kind of disheartening, but it's alright. I'm not going to let it really bother me.- Waiters/Waitresses/Hosts are very nice, informative if you have questions and seem to come at the perfect times to check on you.
5	oh man. i love this place!!!!
5	This is a great place to start if you want to try Indian food and have never had it before. My fiance' and I were on a date night with no kids and we wanted to try something different. We decided to give this a shot. It was delicious! We plan on going again!
1	I am praying that I had an anomalous experience.  I came here on a Sunday not realizing that there was an all-you-can eat buffet that costs around $16 without tax (expensive for a student).  Fine, whatever, I was there already - but the food was cold and not great, especially for what I paid.  My favorite dish is the saag paneer and it left me lacking.  The naan was also disappointing because it was cold and chewy.Even worse, the mango lassi was not fresh and you could tell they used some mango syrup.  Or even if it was real, it was sickeningly sweet.No thanks.
4	Experienced Bombay Indian Grill for the first time this evening for dinner! Things to note:*Service was prompt! *The portion sizes were generous, especially the naan!*Prices were very reasonable. I ordered Chicken Curry, Plain Lassi, Raita, and Naan. The Lassi was a bit too thick, but still very enjoyable in the sweltering weather of Champaign.The Naan was humongous, well-buttered, fresh, and delicious! Chicken Curry was excellent too! Overall, a great first visit! Look forward to many more!
5	My favorite Indian restaurant. The food is fantastic and the service is great!
2	The food is good, but it is pricey and the service is awful! If you want to be treated with respect and to receive your food sometime thus century, don't come here.
4	This place is so good, but at the same time so pricey. The portions are also pretty small. As in, I never have enough for leftovers to take home for future meals unlike many other places I go. I've only really had a few of the curries, naan, and one of the fried triangular things (made from chickpea batter and something else) but every time it's been delicious. I have cravings for it every now and then. They have waiters here, which I didn't expect from a smaller restaurant like this. I think I would come more often if the prices were a little lower.
4	I've only been here for the lunch buffet and I'm a fan!  I like coming for lunch because they always have popular dishes available.  I'm always pleased with their curries and sauces, but the naan is probably my least favorite of all the Indian restaurants I've visited.  Service is a little flaky and slow sometimes, but always friendly.
4	Amazing, authentic Indian food with a great buffet at a reasonable price.
4	I love Indian food and this place knows how to do it right. My boyfriend goes here once a week and they know him by name, that's dedication. You can range on how spicy you want it and I love spicy, but after one pepper it's almost a wrap for me.It's a small restaurant, I've never dined it and we've always ordered out. It's authentic and delicious, definitely a must if you're in Champaign, IL.
1	I had a mango lassi, the buffet, and spent the rest of the day praying to the porcelain diety.Im sorry. The proximity of this place to campus means that you need to take the other reviews with a hefty grain of salt. The food here is typically  not fresh, oily, and of poor quality.  Students seem to like anything that they didn't get in their home town growing up, but as indian food goes, this place is poor.  I have watched the quality steadily decline over the last several years, and the last time i went was for a candidate interview visit, so i had to go since i was on the interview schedule for lunch, i was physically ill for a day with food poisoning.I will never go back.Students continue to eat there, and thats fine with me.
4	I've eaten from here a number of times during my college years.  Last time I ordered the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan.  The garlic naan was nice and warm with plenty of garlic bits and good garlic flavor.  The chicken tikka masala was nicely seasoned with spices and a good amount of chicken chunks.  Definitely a satisfying meal.  While the food is delicious it is a bit on the pricey side for college students like me.  Worth it yes, but not something to eat regularly on a college budget.This location has a buffet which the Green Street location doesn't, but I can't comment on the buffet, although I've heard good things.  Also this location seems to have slightly higher prices than the Green Street location.  Probably due to the better ambiance in comparison.
4	I've eaten here several times with my co-workers who LOVE Indian food.  The Lunch Buffeet is pricey 10.95 plus tax.  But it has a lot of options.  I love the Tikka Masala...though how it is prepared (mild to medium) depends on the day.  For a friend's birthday they will even prepare (cost/free?) a large plate of select traditional Indian desserts for you table - mango ice cream, etc.
4	This place is a little pricey for what you get in my opinion but nonetheless the food is spot on. My fav thing to get here is the tikka masala chicken. The yogurt marinate makes the chicken incredibly tender and is complimented well with the tomato based sauce flavored with spices. The naan is really good too, served warm and soft. It also comes with different sauces to try - sweet and a spicier one I believe. My friend had the chicken saag, which has the tender yogurt marinated chicken, but served with a spinach based sauce. I've also had the samosas too but they weren't that great. I prefer the samosas at Mirsung grocery much more. Overall good food!
4	Lamb Curry- 5 stars (dinner)Naan- 5 stars Dal curry- 4 (buffet)Chana Saag- 4 (buffet)Chicken Korma- 3 stars (buffet)Chicken Tikka Masala- 1 (buffet)Ok, heres my "live blog" review:     Well, the interior space at the first street locale is certainly not the "lavishly Indian-decorated" space at the top of their website. Perhaps that is the campus location that looks that way? But i thought the first st. location was supposed to be the fine dining one? Maybe that dining room is in the back? I can't imagine a restaurant would use an image that is not their actual space at the top of their homepage.  It sure lured me in. Anyhow, as I sit here waiting for my lamb curry and basic naan (in silence as there's no music playing whatsoever contributing to the growing lack luster ambiance), I'm hoping it lives up to the $16 price tag (w/naan). Some ice cubes in my water would be nice. Certai Lu do since its just barely colder than room temperature.  Okay, the waiter just brought my food. Wow that's a pretty small bowl of lamb curry. I may have to hit a fast food joint on the way home. Here we go.  Well...that bowl is deeper than it looks judging by the fact that i spilled some over the edge of my smallish plate. Ok...putting down my fork long enough to type that this is a damn good lamb curry. DAMN GOOD! I'm glad I specified I wanted it medium hot. The heat is perfect. Any hotter would've been too hot. Any less so and it would've been lacking. The aromatic spicing is really really good. The lamb is good too. Decently tender (fwiw, I've never had a lamb dish where every single piece was perfectly tender but this is close). And there are plenty of pieces. I was really worried when I saw that bowl but the portion was quite generous.   --(Just heard the table across the room say to the waiter that their daughter is extremely allergic to nuts...seriously? And you're here with her?  You're gonna trust that an errant cashew doesn't fall into the the pan while her dish is prepared? Really? But I digress...)-  The naan is good. Hot and fresh. A smear of butter or ghee or whatever it is that some of my favorite places sometimes use would've been nice.   Should mention the basmati rice. Very good and very fresh tasting. Of course I'm herd right as dinner service started up so that's to be expected.    Ok...Kheer here we go. Good kheer. Better than many, not as good as my favorite kheer at an otherwise mediocre indian place downstate. But none are.    In summary, I'd say the food was very very good and priced about right for the quality. Since you can't really enjoy Indian without naan you pretty much have to add three bucks to whatever entree you're looking at. But thats most Indian restaurants nowadays. If the naan was included or if the ambiance was better I'd have no qualms giving this place five stars. Maybe the CD player is broken, but some Indian music in the background would help tremendously. And ice cubes in the water and icey refills.... Small stuff, but for $18 bucks plus tip after I ordered my kheer, that stuff matters.    Will definitely come back next time I'm in town. And will try the buffet. Maybe as soon as tomorrow!! ***UPDATE- went to the buffet the today...the naan brought to my table was excellent. Much better than last nights. Had the butter or ghee on it. Tasted very much "fresh out of the oven" unlike the naan at last nights dinner. Consistency is key! Strange that it would be less fresh at the dinner service. Granted i was there right at open...but good grief, open at five thirty if its the difference in getting fresh baked naan and something reheated.    As for the rest of the buffet, it was good. Everything was hot and fresh. The saag was good as was the dal. The chicken korma so so. Not nearly as aromatic as some of the better kormas I've had. Lacking in other ingredients too...seemed like just chunks of chicken and a cream sauce. It looked and tasted more like the "average" tikka masala than the kormas I am used to. The tikka masala was less than average for me. Even though I typically am not a tikka masala fan I have had dishes that I've liked a lot. This literally looked and tasted like they used heavy doses of ketchup and red food coloring in its preparation. If that's what you're used to for tikka masalas than by all means order it.    But again, I have to stress how incredibly excellent the lamb curry was. Strange that the korma and tikka would be so lack luster.
4	Lamb Curry- 5 stars (dinner)Naan- 5 stars Dal curry- 4 (buffet)Chana Saag- 4 (buffet)Chicken Korma- 3 stars (buffet)Chicken Tikka Masala- 1 (buffet)Ambience- 3.5 starsService- 4 starsOk, heres my "live blog" review:     Well, the interior space at the first street locale is certainly not the "lavishly Indian-decorated" space at the top of their website. Perhaps that is the campus location that looks that way? But i thought the first st. location was supposed to be the fine dining one? Maybe that dining room is in the back? I can't imagine a restaurant would use an image that is not their actual space at the top of their homepage.  It sure lured me in. Anyhow, as I sit here waiting for my lamb curry and basic naan (in silence as there's no music playing whatsoever contributing to the growing lack luster ambiance), I'm hoping it lives up to the $16 price tag (w/naan). Some ice cubes in my water would be nice. Certainly so since its just barely colder than room temperature.  Okay, the waiter just brought my food. Wow that's a pretty small bowl of lamb curry. I may have to hit a fast food joint on the way home. Here we go.  Well...that bowl is deeper than it looks judging by the fact that i spilled some over the edge of my smallish plate. Ok...putting down my fork long enough to type that this is a damn good lamb curry. DAMN GOOD! I'm glad I specified I wanted it medium hot. The heat is perfect. Any hotter would've been too hot. Any less so and it would've been lacking. The aromatic spicing is really really good. The lamb is good too. Decently tender (fwiw, I've never had a lamb dish where every single piece was perfectly tender but this is close). And there are plenty of pieces. I was really worried when I saw that bowl but the portion was quite generous.   --(Just heard the table across the room say to the waiter that their daughter is extremely allergic to nuts...seriously? And you're here with her?  You're gonna trust that an errant cashew doesn't fall into the the pan while her dish is prepared? Really? But I digress...)-  The naan is good. Hot and fresh. A smear of butter or ghee or whatever it is that some of my favorite places sometimes use would've been nice.   Should mention the basmati rice. Very good and very fresh tasting. Of course I'm herd right as dinner service started up so that's to be expected.    Ok...Kheer here we go. Good kheer. Better than many, not as good as my favorite kheer at an otherwise mediocre indian place downstate. But none are.    In summary, I'd say the food was very very good and priced about right for the quality. Since you can't really enjoy Indian without naan you pretty much have to add three bucks to whatever entree you're looking at. But thats most Indian restaurants nowadays. If the naan was included or if the ambiance was better I'd have no qualms giving this place five stars. Maybe the CD player is broken, but some Indian music in the background would help tremendously. And ice cubes in the water and icey refills.... Small stuff, but for $18 bucks plus tip after I ordered my kheer, that stuff matters.    Will definitely come back next time I'm in town. And will try the buffet. Maybe as soon as tomorrow!! ***UPDATE- went to the buffet the today...the naan brought to my table was excellent. Much better than last nights. Had the butter or ghee on it. Tasted very much "fresh out of the oven" unlike the naan at last nights dinner. Consistency is key! Strange that it would be less fresh at the dinner service. Granted i was there right at open...but good grief, open at five thirty if its the difference in getting fresh baked naan and something reheated.    As for the rest of the buffet, it was good. Everything was hot and fresh. The saag was good as was the dal. The chicken korma so so. Not nearly as aromatic as some of the better kormas I've had. Lacking in other ingredients too...seemed like just chunks of chicken and a cream sauce. It looked and tasted more like the "average" tikka masala than the kormas I am used to. The tikka masala was less than average for me. Even though I typically am not a tikka masala fan I have had dishes that I've liked a lot. This literally looked and tasted like they used heavy doses of ketchup and red food coloring in its preparation. If that's what you're used to for tikka masalas than by all means order it.    But again, I have to stress how incredibly excellent the lamb curry was. Strange that the korma and tikka would be so lack luster.
5	Really great food. Best to come around lunch and get the Buffet so you can try new things. A little pricey but so worth it if you like Indian food.
1	I am so suprised with the ratings. I have had good Indian food and this was mediocre. The chicken tika Masala was bland and the rice was hard.  The worst part is the staff. They are rude and have horrible attitudes. Every time I came, I left feeling like I was disrespected. I will not be coming back.
4	One of our go-to places for lunch.  The portions are generous to the point of ridiculous and the prices are very reasonable.  The naan bread is fantastic.  Most of the options for lunch are great, but for me the standout is the chicken aloo.   There's something for everyone here.Dinner is when they bust out the cloth napkins and nice dinnerware, which honestly takes quite a bit away from the experience for me. Definitely hit this one up for lunch. Also don't forget they close midday if you have to eat at weird times like I do.
4	Wonderful food, excellent service and not bad on the walletTake the family
1	I went to the restaurant with my family to celebrate an occasion but this place absolutely ruined our evening. The first thing we noticed upon entering the restaurant was that the guys working there were gossiping about the multicultural guests sitting in the restaurant. This is quite rude. The entire time we were there, the guy serving us showed a real bad attitude. He acted as if he was doing us a favor. In the end, the guy took plates in a terrible manner even without asking if we were done or if we needed boxes.The food was OK nothing special and does not represent good Indian cooking. I could go back for the food, if they fire the existing staff with bad attitude or teach them some manners. If I were the owner, I would know who that waiter is.
1	Other than the taste of the food everything is HORRIBLE in Bombay Grill. There are couple waiters there who are extremely rude and racists. I will only write about my last experience there. In my last visit the waiter almost threw the menu on our table. He asked our orders in a very rude manner, grabbed our plates without asking us wether we have finished or not (and obviously we were not finished and there were plenty of foods still sitting in our plates). Maybe the rudest thing that he did was that after returning our checks, he stood in front of our table to get them back while we were writing him tips and signing the receipts. Other than that, we also ordered two appetizers which came after the main dishes! Also, one of our main dishes came substantially later than the other ones. The only good thing about the restaurant is that the food still tastes good. But a good restaurant is not only about the taste of the food. It is about having a good experience.  All in all, I can tell that this business cannot survive with its current horrible service and I will never ever go there unless things change there. There are other good places in the town to dine in.
4	For the lunch buffet: I havent had a whole lot of Indian food, so I really cant speak to how this compares to other places, but as an newbie to the cuisine, I thought it was very good and worth the money. I recommend it to anyone.
4	Other than emerging out of this restaurant smelling like curry, there are no drawbacks to the deliciousness that is Bombay. You have to get the naan here, it is a non-negotiable. I usually go for the chicken-stuffed variety, but I know that all the other kinds are equally delicious. The curry is perfection, as are the lamb kebabs. Delicious food and quaint seating.
2	Seriously, this is the best that C-U can do for Indo-Pak cuisine? (Asking around yields responses indicating the other local options aren't much better.) It seems perfectly decent for Westerners who want something different and an idea of what Indian cuisine is like. But any mediocre Devon Avenue curry shack can run rings around this place, primarily because they can't get away with trying to pass off stuff like this to a bunch of suburban white kids as authentic. Think of this place as the La Bamba of Desi cuisine.What's more, those curry shacks charge about 1/3rd less, despite operating in a much more expensive market. Let's be clear, this place is MASSIVELY overpriced (one reason for a two-star rating rather than three), more in line with a comfortable, well-decorated and maintained family sit-down restaurant rather than the dog-eared curry shack that it actually is. Which reminds me, DO NOT be fooled by the interior restaurant image on their website -- it's sheer, utter bullshit verging on deceptive advertising. That's the other reason for a two- rather than three-star rating. If the place actually looked like that then the prices would be understandable.Students from South Asia must be out of their minds trying to find decent familiar cuisine around here.
4	I was in town for a week for work. Went here for dinner with a few of my colleagues. We got assorted appetizers and they were really good. The papad was good too. The main course (curries) that we ordered, bhindi masala, paneer tikka masala & eggplant bharta, were good but a little bland. Would not mind going back again.
4	Very solid Indian place.  Was recommended to me by an Indian friend who had tried the different Indian restaurants.  We were all impressed with the food.  Spicy Mix Naan was great.  None of the food was very spicy, but I'm sure you can request more heat if you want it.  Service  was quick and very friendly.
3	I've been here for the buffet twice now and it is a perfectly decent buffet.  The buffet dishes are definitely as mild as Indian food can come, and next time I am going to ask for a little dish of chili oil or some other spice to punch it up.  That said, the naan is delicious and plentiful, the servers nice, and the buffet variety good (multiple chicken and vegetarian dishes both times, no lamb), so if you are in the mood for Indian buffet, this is a solid choice.
1	It appears to have gone out of business as of February 10, 2014.  A large banner hanging in front of the restaurant says "restaurant for lease".  See the photo I posted.
2	Overpriced and just ok quality! I think most of these positive reviews are from people who have little experience with authentic Indian food...
