4	If you are a NoDa fan, you have been able to walk past the venue next to Salvador Deli and see them working on it for months.  They took their time in order to get things JUST right.  They have done just that.The look and feel of the bar is just right.  From the exposed brick long wall with tables to the very well done green concrete bar, Mike, Chris and the crew paid attention to the details.  And as a barfly, I love the foot rest on the bar.  Its a full foot width and makes pulling up a stool very comfortable.Like most NoDa bars, the walls are adorned with local artists that compliment the space.  Great lighting.The menu in its current evolution is mainly bar fare.  Burgers, dogs, grinders.  Sorry, not grinders, steak sandwiches...  The fried portabella mushroom bites are tasty as hell as an appetizer.  The have a full bar with all your liquor needs and their taps carry local favorites from Old Mecklenburg Brewery.  They also have a fair mix of bottles and cans with Wilkes-Barre, PA brewed Lion's Head cans on sale for a dollar.While they are off to a great start, the future looks even brighter with Saturday and Sunday breakfast being offered and a rumor that the owners are taking over Salvador Deli and re-establishing it as a community music venue.All in all, a welcome addition to the hood...
4	Yay a new pub...my fav! Stumbled upon this joint while waiting for a table at Cabo that turned into waiting too long and eating at Solstice.  Anyways I had to circle back to make sure I checked this place out and I'm sure glad I did.  Besides falling off my chair after my delicious Allagash beer with the delightful aftertaste of Jim Beam I do actually mean it was delightful I had a great time.  They are serving food and will definitely check out some grub next time I return.. the beer selection is great and the staff is friendly.  Our waiter Tom was on top of it and very knowledgable about the beers and the menu...I will be returning soon. If your in NODA check this place out and add it to your pub crawl!
5	This is my Favorite bar so far since I have been in Charlotte! I love that they have hooks for your bag under the bar that's the best. The Burgers are super delicious! My favorite so far is the turf and turf  I love portablla mushrooms and I add crumbly bleu to it yum they also have great tasting french fries.  Beer selection is great I love hops, so I am a happy girl when you have dogfish head 90 min IPA most bars only carry the 60 min!
4	$1 beers! Love to dollarbate whenever I can.  Had the Stugots sandwich and it is delicious.  Basicly it's a cheese steak sandwich with peperoni instead of green peppers... yup, delicious.
5	Had a GREAT night at Jack Beagles- there was a band playing Saturday and the place was rockin. This is our new favorite bar.
4	Mike was handing out breakfast only Beagle Bucks Friday night when I stopped in for a beer.  So this morning, I took advantage of their opening at 7am on Saturdays and Sundays for breakfast and enjoyed a nice hearty meal.I had the Basic Beagle Breakfast.  Two eggs any style (scrambled), bacon or sausage (3 strips of tasty perfectly cooked bacon), breakfast potatoes or grits (potatoes since i am still unwilling to let go of my Yankee-ness to eat grits), and biscuits or toast (two great biscuits), all with a little fruit cup.They have breakfast wraps and tweaks to your standard breakfast fare.  Next time, I will venture for the Shit on a Shingle.  Up north, that is creamed chipped beef on toast.  There, it is more like your sausage biscuits and gravy only on texas toast.All of it is reasonably priced and a great breakfast option in the hood that is open early.  Just sucks waiting until noon to wash it down with a mimosa or bloody mary...
5	I would totally do Jack Beagle's on the first date.  It's everything I love, unassuming good looks, thrifty libations and the bar smelled like bacon. Vegetarian Julia S had to say three Hail Marys when she left.  I can't wait to come visit you again. Call me.
3	Such an odd state we live in that a place like this has to serve food as well as beverages - because to me, Jables is about drinking, not eating, and that's just fine, and it isn't just because half the menu is the aptly-named Steak section (in a pinch, us tree-huggers can eat apps - fried mushrooms, bruschetta, etc).A comfy, orange-and-brick space with beers both adventurous and non, a large, well built bar, good service and few TVs. Tuesdays are half price pints, lovely lovely. Low-key personality and it kinda works.
4	I love this place.  I'd love it even more if it was in Plaza Midwood, but what can ya do!  Their fries are this insane potato chip-had-sex-with-a-french-fry concoction and they are AMAAAAAAAAAAZING.  they apparently bake them & then fry them.   I have yet to have anything on the menu that I haven't liked & the same has gone for everyone i've taken there.  they've all raved about the food & one friend after finishing off her burger & fries ordered a 2nd basket of fries she thought they were so good!they have a killer beer selection, which rotates near constantly (so their beer menu is never up to date, my only gripe) but who cares when on a tuesday you can get a Big Boss Big Operator for half price??I really need to check this place out for breakfast though, it sounds yummy & cheap.
4	They have really solid pub grub and an interesting beer list. The menu is simple and made up of appetizers, burgers, hot dogs and cheesesteak sandwiches, but each of these has a few nice twists (smoked hot dogs, burger with humus, etc.) and they're all made very nicely. The owner is often around and will check in on you to see how your meal has been, which is nice, too.
4	What is it about NoDa that springs to life such great places as Crepe Cellar, Revolution Pizza, Solstice, and now Jack Beagle's.  Is it the water?  Is there something in the air (no, not THAT something)?  Whatever it might be it's responsible for another great place in a great neighborhood.I've been to Jack Beagle's twice now, both evening visits, and it was a great experience on each occasion.  Their beer list is distinct, and apparently ever evolving as the list on the menu was the same both times but what was on tap didn't necessarily match up, including beers like Abita Select (a vanilla porter) that I haven't seen anywhere else around town.  Along with the snooty stuff I like they keep a selection of the yellow fizzy stuff around to keep that crowd happy as well.The menu...it's interesting, in a cool awesome way.  Great hot dogs are available any number of ways, including deep fried (not battered like a corn dog, just to dog boiled in oil basically).  And the potato wedge-fry things are the side to get.  Great tasting and they do get at soaking up the extra alcohol from the previously mentioned beer selection.Head to NoDa and give Jack Beagle's a try, totally worth the trip!
5	SO FUN. That's exactly what I thought when I breezed through the doors of this place. A mix of peoples, I found a seat immediately and ordered up a dogfishhead pint and gazed at the menu with a small excitement that only comes when I see piles and piles of options for everything. Where to start - the hot dogs which you can get cooked 4 different ways? The Treasure Fries that you can get no less than 8 toppings on?! THERE IS JUST SO MUCH COOL STUFF GOING ON HERE!!!!The red lighting, exposed brick, small bar, open plan - I love the decor and vibe. The service is quick, friendly and unpretentious ~ and the food? Zing! While they weren't having a great fry night as told to me by the human frymeter that is Tonya, I went with 2 hot dogs and the pasta salad on the side. Hate on me if you will, but I looooove pasta salad and I think it's awesome that this place offers it! It was delish - mayo based with feta, tomatoes, dill and celery. Yum! As for my dogs, I had them smoked with jalepeno relish, chili, slaw and mustard. Boinngggg! I don't even like hot dogs, but these things made me smile big time.Price wise, this place is ON POINT with my beers, dogs and side coming in at under $11 - I felt like I was ripping good ol' JB off! Will definitely be coming back a lot more now that I know the relaxed, yummy place that awaits across from the sweet NoDa firestation.
3	Pros:Food was goodParking was easy to findService was goodCons: Mixed drinks were not good. Other reviews mention beer, but we don't like beer. It was crowded (because it isn't very big) It was hard to find at night, no sign - or if there was one, it wasn't lit up.
4	Great food, cheap price, great service. What more could you ask for? We stumbled upon this gem Friday night and despite a decent sized crowd, service was quick.This place features greasy diner food, Northeast style. My friend and I had the rippers, deep fried hotdogs, and they were great, although I am sure that was my recommended calorie intake for the week. We both had 2 rippers, fries (which were like really really thick potato chips and delicious), a beer each, and walked out with a $15.50 bill. With so many new restaurants charging more, it is nice to see this spot solidifying itself as the neighborhood hole in the wall.There was no visible sign out front that I saw. I had to ask the waiter what the name of the place was, hopefully they will work on better branding with their menus/signs in the future. Also, the door guy has no personality and even though I went to the place twice in 1 night, he had no short term memory and kept IDing me. Otherwise, great experience, will definately be heading back in the future (after 5000 sit-ups to cancel out the first visit!)
5	Just when I thought that NoDa was on the verge of losing its identity, I was introduced to Jack Beagles.  While I hesitate to call JB a "hole in the wall" because people might shy away from the place, I want to call it a "hole in the wall" with great affection and admiration.  This is your classic neighborhood bar, but with a fantastic beer selection and great food. I've only had two food menu items:  the hand-battered corn dog and the fries.  As many other reviewers have said, the fries are more like thick-cut chips and are the most delicious potato I've ever eaten.  I could eat a burlap sack full of them.  I there was a Groupon for "burlap sack full of Jack Beagles fries" I would buy it.  A sample menu of the beers I've had a JB:  Heavy Seas Siren Noire, New Holland Dragon's Milk, Abita Vanilla Porter and Oskar Blues GNIGHT.  Not shabby at all.  Pretty damn good, if you ask me.  The atmosphere here is nice and has an eclectic mix of people.  But, dammit!  I can't get away from Will Puckett's art in this neighborhood.  His paintings will always make you realize how much better he is than you.  Per the sign in the men's room:  if you see Will, buy him a beer.
4	New favorite pub in Noda! $1 Lionhead cans...2 for $5 top-your-own hotdogs....friendly bartender. I like it...I like it a lot!
4	Great new spot in noda!!  Perfect for art crawl night because the patio outback is right next door to where the bands set up outside the deli.  There are picnic tables and tiki torches all set up under huge trees so you feel like you are in someone's backyard instead of just a bar.  The service here last night was awesome and super attentive.  Attracts a great ecletic crowd, not too young but just fun people from the neighborhood.  They have a great beer selection for those of us who are always ISO IPAs!!!  Cant wait to be back!!!  :-D
4	I really liked this spot - first time here and I like the bar area and the outback area.  I only drank here this time, but the table next to us ordered food and it look really good.  I could only imagine eating after four or five beers and it tasting really good too.The bar girl was great too!I'll be back.
5	Stopped in here on a Sunday night for some burgers...I had the Blue Bayou I highly recommend it this was definitely one of the best burgers I've had in Charlotte by far.  Fresh and never frozen and you can tell.  Also give a shout out to the incredible fried mushrooms and wings.  This place is just cool, its chill, the juke box is a little to loud but in a good way, they have a huge outdoor patio, and they open at 7am (I think just on the weekends, but not sure) for breakfast and you get a ton of food for the money.   Good Food, Good Beer, Good Service, Great Atmosphere as you can tell I'm a fan.
5	The Sunday brunch breakfast burrito was unreal. Best breakfast is have had in a long while. The coffee was great. Staff is very friendly. Will be returning often!
4	I don't find myself in NoDa enough these days, and after a show at the neighborhood I wasn't going to let the chance to go out slip on by. enter jack beagles... and imagine that, it was whiskey wednesday. i clearly fell in love immediately. but the jukebox, the megatouch, the lovely bar space, the option for (good) food, the friendly bartender, the cheap drinks, and the clean bathroom sealed the deal for me. I was actually surprised how many people came in to primarily eat, and then maybe drink. great low-key neighborhood feel, I see myself returning to JB fairly soon, most likely in the middle of the week.
5	I have been here a couple of times since it has opened.  I have to say it is pretty damn good at a nice price.There are two reasons I gave Jack Beagle's five stars.  First... good drink specials.  The two times I had gone there they had Dale's Pale Ale for $2.50.  I went there on a Sunday and they had $2 Bloody Marys and Mimosas.  **EDIT: They raised the price of Bloodys and Mimosas.  They are now 3.50 and 2.50 respectively.  Second... The best hot dogs in town.  They are smoked hot dogs that can be ordered grilled or fried.  Fried hot dogs do not appeal to me so I went for the grilled.  I ordered one hot dog with chili, slaw, and onions.  The chili they use for the hot dogs is very tasty.  For my second dog I ordered it with a mango chutney and jalapeno relish.  The sweetness of the mango with the spicy of the jalapeno made for a fantastic combination.  Now for the good part... I got two hot dogs and a side of delicious medallion/half-moon shaped fries for about $5 and it is worth it.  I would like to describe Jack Beagle's as cozy.  Jack Beagles is a small place and does not have a great deal of seating.  I did not get the fastest service but I did not seem to mind.  The server seemed new and by herself so will not be holding it against her or the establishment. I also had the wings and cheese-steak.  Both great eats but I would go for the dogs first.
5	I heart you beagles your staff is always so friendly, your food never disappoints me, breakfast, lunch or dinner you make me happy.They have a great beer selection and I heard a rumor that they are going to be introducing a full menu soon.  By far one of my favorite places to grab a drink in Charlotte.  Eat a burger one of the best I've had in town.
4	Cheap food? Yes. Good food? Thank you, yes. Dive-y yet hipster atmosphere? Check. Cute guys covered in tattoos behind the counter? Mama, hide'yo kids. A friend and I stopped here late night on a Thursday after a show at  Wine Up. We were hungry. They were miraculously still open and serving food. Sometimes a gal just lucks out. Steak sub? Get it. I know that's what I'm getting when I go back. Mmm.
5	Big Fan!  I have been to Jack Beagle's twice in the last 3 weeks and both times were fabulous.  The match of good beer, GREAT food, and one of the best jukeboxes in Charlotte makes Jack's a hidden gem.   I had the Bacon/Blue cheese burger with the balsamic glaze. OMG!  The place is small....Bonus!The prices are fair....Bonus!The staff is friendly...Bonus!Soooooo.......the next time your in NoDa, do yourself a favor and stop in to Jack Beagle's.
5	Perfect small Dive-y bar.  Why you may ask? Let's check the "Perfect small Dive-y Bar checklist."Small - checkGreat Food - checkLocals in and out all the time - checkPatio - checkTV - checkLocal art - checkGreat Beers - checkBreakfast - checkLate night service - checkFun staff - checkThere is no arguing, Charlotte needs more Beagles.
5	So Im going to start by saying I do not like the new menu change in pricing. Thats part of the reason why people would come in. You could have a beer and a meal for six dollars! Where else in charlotte could you do that! And trust me just because the bill was cheap it didnt effect my tipping it made me want to tip the waitress more! Overall its a great place to eat; burgers are great and you can get them cooked however you like. But since you uped the pricing can you atleast have a dollar beer special! PBR or something!
5	Stopped by here on a whim one day and I never looked back. Apparently, it was brand new the first time I went which explained why I wasn't sure how I ended up in this place or why I had never heard of it. It began as any awesome place should. Small menu on a piece of paper, drink specials on the board, fun wait/bar staff and a casual, artsy atmosphere. First impression was that it is s.m.a.l.l. I wondered how we would fit a large group in here on a Friday night while we're bar hopping, but do not fear. We've done it successfully many times since then. After gathering my visual impressions, I ordered a beer the waitress suggested and some food and all I can say is HOLY. The beer was a cider-type something or another and it was sweet, light and delicious. The food was a California Philly. I didn't think I'd like the food but I gave it a shot and I am SO GLAD. The fries are more like thin potato wedges with spices and they're fantastic. I love a bar with unique fries - makes a lasting impression. I've since tried almost all of the menu items (which they continue adding to) and I love it all from appetizers to entrees to the new breakfast menu to the excellent beer selection. Double date night coming up? Hungry after bar hopping? Not sure what to get for dinner on random Tuesday night? Jack Beagles has NEVER let me down.
5	Loved this place! Been here twice and twice impressed! A nice little restaurant in the heart of NoDa, with personable employees, great prices, and fast service! Their Blue Bayou burger is perfection! Beef patty with bacon and blue cheese crumbles with really amazing sauce! Couldn't have asked for a better juicy and favorful burger! One of the best I've had! Their salads are delicious too! I had the BBQ salad, and it was amazing!! The BBQ pulled pork was tenderly cooked and the sauce was absolutely delicious!If you are fan of mac-n-cheese, they have a selection of adult mac-n-cheeses! You will not be disappointed! Definitely a must check out restaurant!
3	I went to Jack Beagles after hearing and reading reviews. The atmosphere was great and I was ready for some great Hot dogs in the Charlotte area. 4 different hot dogs were ordered at my table and when being served all were so wrong that we looked confused. Might I add that it too almost 35 minutes to receive our food at 6:30pm on a Tuesday. Questioned by the waitress we explained that we couldn't figure out how to give the right hot dog to who ordered what. The food was returned for a recook and 5-7 minutes later we had our correct hot dogs. However, this time the hot dogs were still cold, the buns were cold, toppings were perfect, and the fries were from the original plate. I tasted the jalapeno relish and fell in LOVE!! Regardless of how bad the first visit was I will be back to retry and finally have a hot dog location in Charlotte. TRY THE JALAPENO RELISH!!
4	Had my first litte rendezvous with JackBeagles yesterday, and my, my, my was I impressed.I found myself at JackBeagles in the company of a certain spectacular photographer ;) and the kind owner of this flavorful establishment. Inside, JB's offers cute and cozy bar setting with additional setting in house and out on the patio.The patio offers a friendly escape from your typical dining environment, and a pretty sweet view! I Likey =) Encompassed by a few tall trees and tiki torches there's just enough light, just enough ambient sound, and the right combination of company that made for an almost vacational dining experience. The patio gives guests the perfect combination of feeling included in the restaurant atmosphere and simultaneously offers seclusion from it, an interesting combination and so amazing!On to the eats! By recommendation I tried one of the delicious hot-dogs. My toppings of choice.. Cheese Of Course! (And ketchup, and mustard) Let me tell you that my hot dog was so delicious and juicy, it was like Nicolas Cage ... Gone in 60 seconds! And the fries, oh the FRIES! In a word.." mmmmmm". Yup that's right, "mmmmmm." No word's necessary, just my delicious and satisfied sound. These fries are the perfect combination of real potato crisp and salt. The fries were soo good I could eat them without ketchup! Gasp! I look forward to my next visit at JackBeagles. I'll definitely be back to taste a few spirits, and take a bite out of one of JackBeagles fried hot dogs. Mmmm! That is all for now, keep up the great work JackBeagles!
4	Sweet eats. Tasty, well-priced drinks. Friendly service. And overall really good time. What else could you want from a neighborhood bar?! Yes, JackBeagles is a grand addition to the NoDa bar & food scene with a comfortable space that will appeal to many. The vibe is laid back but fun and the food affordable but tasty. It is absolutely worth a visit whether you're popping in for a hearty Bloody Mary on a Saturday afternoon or hitting up the bar scene for a late night PBR and hot dog. And don't forget to grab yourself some hot, crispy and delicious fries! They're thin wedges and damn delicious. I like me some JackBeagles.
5	Walking past JackBeagles, I never suspected it to be so great!  The signage is minimal and doesn't do this place justice, but I can't reduce my rating because of a lack of signage!  Went there with a group of 6, and had a great time.  The lighting is good, the exposed brick is perfect, beer selection is unique, refreshing, and affordable, and the menu is interesting.  NoDa lacks great food, until now.
4	There is a menu section devoted to different types of adult mac n cheeses. Do I even need to say anything else? Jack Beagles is a super cool neighborhood bar in the heart of NoDa. Low key atmosphere. Friendly staff. Great prices. Killer tunes. Unique beer selection. Nice patio area. They serve food late night and offer a fantastic breakfast menu on the weekends.The wings are tremendous. Wednesday is half price wing night and $1 off whiskey. If you're with friends... I recommend hot garlic parmesan. Outstanding. Skip these if you're on a date. Well, unless your sidekick also wants them. Then I guess you can follow the rule of the couple who eats garlic together stays together.Jacks also serves a mean hot dog. Be sure to get jalapeno relish on it. And don't forget an order of fries. Think thin wedges of heavenly potato goodness. You can also get these buried treasure style... loaded with a laundry list of toppings.This is a must visit place if you are ever in the NoDa area
5	Mmmm. great food, cheap alcohol and a nice backyard/patio.  what else could you want.tried the cheesesteak, french fries, and the pulled pork . all really delicious.
5	Excellent food, great beer selection (cheap too), kind staff and service!!!  The burgers are out of this world!  The best part about this place is that there is typically always open seating when I've gone.  Let the hipsters and yuppies fight to place drink orders while waiting hours for tables at the other NODA restaurants... I'd rather be at JackBeagles; eatting better food, saving money and enjoying great music!
5	One of our NoDa favorites.  We have been frequenting JackBeagles for around six months.  Excellent food and cheap beer, oftentimes great beers!  The black and blue burger is my go-to.  Very fresh eats and high quality!  A must eat.
5	This was one of the best burgers I have had in awhile. I would recommend the black and blue burger.   The beer is cold and cheap enough. Great atmosphere. What else  do you need to know? Stop reading this and go to JackBeagles now!
1	Terrible first visit. Let it be said this place is incredibly cheap. Great prices and a nice breakfast/brunch menu on sat and Sunday. That is where it stops. Arrived at 12:45 on a Sunday. Sat and waited... and waited... and waited. Finally. After getting a menu craving some brunch I ordered a beer and... waited. Food order finally taken at 1:15 only for the server to come back and tell us that they stop brunch at 1pm... Well then... Understandable that we were cutting it close but the service was ridiculous. Few tables on the patio and a few inside. Not busy by any means. However. The beer was delicious. Asked for a HOPPY ipa and was not disappointed (not sure what it was). After the long wait and no brunch settled up for the beer and headed to Cabo. Sad I really want to like this. Maybe down the road.
5	Really liked this spot.  Good food served up pretty quick, and a great price.  We had the hot garlic parm wings to start, very tasty.  As others have stated the fries were really good.  Chili was good too, I think I'll have it on a hot dog next time.  I enjoyed the cheesesteak but my wife wasn't a huge fan of it.  I liked that the steak was tender but she found it a little bland.  Regardless she is just as ready as I am to go back.  The music was an interesting mix but memorable...heard some throw back boy bands and Brittany Spears, and some Blind Melon I think.
5	I mean shut the front door!  No really, get out of your house, shut the door and drive straight to JackBeagles.  This place is out of this world good.  Good beers on draft, friendly servers, awesome food, and great prices. The burgers and hot dogs are amazing.  I tried the Blue Bayou...I don't even like blue cheese, and I was scraping the crumbs off and smashing the homecut fries into the stuff.  Can't wait to go back and try one of everything on the menu!!
5	What a great surprise!  JackBeagles has been around for a year and a half, and it's so low-key that we drove right past it and had to narrow down the location based on the address (it's in between Cabo Fish Taco and Salvador Deli, but we didn't see a sign).  We got there around 9 a.m. on a Sunday morning, and the place was about half full.  It's definitely a bar that just happens to serve food, and we were immediately greeted when we walk in.  Great service, friendly staff and absolutely delicious food.  We both ordered the Beagle Breakfast, which is 2 eggs, bacon/sausage, potatoes/grits and toast/biscuit, and neither of us could stop raving about how good it was.  I'm not even a biscuit fan, but theirs was awesome - light and dense all at the same time.  The eggs were super fluffy, the sausage patties were sweet and smoky, and the potatoes had a little kick.  The menu is fairly limited, but this is definitely a case of do a handful of things and do them really well.  Next time, I might have to get the S%!# on a Shingle, just for the fun of it.
4	We started our evening out with some friends at Jack Beagles to get some food before our eventual pub crawl through NoDa.  This was my first time here, but the burgers were recommended by our friends and I ordered the classic cheeseburger, while the wife had the vegetable pita wrap. I also ordered a Hopulent IPA, which they had on draft, among the 8 or so draft beers that they had to offer.  Burger meat was cooked medium since the waitress asked about my preference and my burger was juicy, but not really greasy.  The standard toppings included lettuce, tomato and onions.  I did not get a side, since we were just getting a snack and I was not too hungry, but I guess those are extra.  I really enjoyed their basic burger and would certainly try another one of their signature burgers next time.The wife enjoyed her vegetable wrap, but found it a bit greasy due to the amount of cheese on the inside.  She actually removed a good bit of the cheese, and would probably try something else in the future or maybe holding the cheese on the veggie wrap.The atmosphere was cool inside, as it was an old brick building that was a manufacturing plant in the past before it was converted to a restaurant/bar.  It was a little hot inside the place, probably due to the central open kitchen and the fact that it was 100 degrees that day.I would return on a cooler day with no hesitation.
5	Went tonight on the recommendation of other Yelp users, hoping for the best.  There was a table available with no wait, and the service was superb.  Food was outstanding!  Had the Blue Bayou burger, the pulled pork sandwich, and sides of mac and cheese and chili.  EVERYTHING was terrific.  Extremely fast service, great prices, and overall a wonderful surprise.  Had no idea this place was even there, and the other reviewers who mentioned the lack of signage weren't exaggerating.... There is no sign in the front other than a small white board inside the front window with a handwritten "Jack Beagles" and the daily special written on it.  Am almost glad it's hard to spot -- Would hate to have to wait for such great food and service if word really got out!  Fabulous!  (We actually recommended the place to a couple that were debating whether or not to go in after they found out about the wait at the place a couple of doors down...... Hope they liked it as much as we did!)  Will definitely go back.  The wings looked really, really good!
5	The food here is tasty, I could smell it from a block away, I believe I had the Garlic & Parmesan Hot Wings and fries, which where one of the best wings I've ever had, there's also a fairly big patio out back where you can eat and have you a smoke. The waitress was super friendly and very helpful with my order, being it was my first time there, the only downside is the one bathroom for the ladies and one for the men, so if you gotta go, I suggest u not try to hold it and hope there's not a line, but all in all the food and atmosphere here is great, and I will definitely visit again.
5	This is a great find!I actually went to Jack Beagles for the first time beacuse I was directed there by a sign on the door of Salvador Deli (they were remodeling). The food was great (I had takeout that time). I went back yesterday and was amazed that I had found a new HOT SPOT. They are currently building an awesome back patio with a stage and I can't wait for them to finish. As for the food, I had the Blue Cheese Burger with fries and an order of the boneless wings in the Spicy Jack sauce. My friend had the Philly Cheesesteak (he's from Philly). We were totally impressed by the quality and flavor of the food. The burger was cooked exactly how I had asked, and the fries are KILLER. If you're going to get something that introduces you to JB's get the wings with the spicy Jack sauce. I could probably eat 10 lbs. of those! In addition to the great food is the excellent prices on their craft beers. They do not carry as many as some places in NoDa, but the selection is varied and CHEAP. I will be coming here at least once a week because I want to support places that provide quality to their customers.
5	Dear JackBeagles, I love you. Signed, me.
3	Solid menu, interesting people watching. Kinda wish I'd had an easier time getting the attention of the wait staff, but, eh: Friday in NoDa - what are you gonna do? Suck it up, buttercup -they're cooler than you anyhow. I will say the turf & turf burger was damned good, though. Mmmm!
5	There aren't enough great things to say about this place. In lieu of tine and space, ill list a few necessities: Ask for Henry - he'll make sure you get a great pourOrder the macncheese - even if your entry is a saladCome by on Tuesday and play free Bingo and win bar bucksGo on Wednesdays for 1/2 off wings - Hot Garlic Parm are AMAZING!!Order any food item - you will LOVE IT!!Bring your dog and enjoy the patioTip well - the folks here work hard to make sure you enjoy your stay!
5	Our occasional after-hours, late night stop for some excellent chow.  We've ordered the chicken tenders, mac n cheese, fries, and tried the jack mac this last time.  WOW!  Order this next time you go.  One day I'd like to try the breakfast I've been hearing great things about.
5	$3.50 Bloody Marys on Sunday, a Mac & Cheese section on the menu, bleu & bacon, jalapenos, chili, sweet jesus, bring them all.  Those wonderful little moon bites, freshly cut french fries.  Super nice staff.  Inexpensive booze prices anyway. I can't believe I don't live there.  Total boner for Jack Beagles.  They have recently added a great patio out back!
4	Jack Beagles is a nice, cozy bar (right, Brittany!) in NoDa & it's my go to spot for yummy cheesesteaks! Do yourself a favor & get one of these. So yummy!Sundays are fun too, as they play sporting events & there are lots of people to see & talk to.They do have specials, which they normally have posted on the chalkboard sign outside.
4	I had heard about this place before, but hadn't had the chance to go. It's the kind of place that it's easy to miss unless you're looking for it. I dropped in for some late night noms the other night though, and was very pleased. I wasn't very hungry so I just got fried mushrooms, expecting the little button mushrooms you usually get. Boy was I surprised when these giant slices of fried goodness appeared before me! They went awesome with the horseradish sauce that came with it, a nice change from the typical ranch. My friend got a burger and it looked incredible. I can't wait to find myself hungry in NoDa again.
3	I went here on the advice of Yelpers and was a bit disappointed. We arrived around 2 pm on a Saturday to the Queen City.The prices are definitely on point. I ordered a classic burger with a side of mac and cheese. My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork salad. The burger was pretty good, but I was expecting to be REALLY blown away based on these reviews. As for the mac and cheese... eh. I like mine to be creamy and unbaked. I was hoping for more with that whole little menu of mac and cheeses and was very underwhelmed. (My boyfriend did like his salad.)The service was not great. We waited over half an hour for a burger and a salad in a mostly empty restaurant. I didn't feel like the service was particularly professional. I don't mind a little wait, but this didn't seem proportional to what we ordered.I really wanted to like it here, but based on my experience, I will not be back next time I'm around Charlotte.
4	This place is quickly becoming one of my favorite bars! I have only been here 3 times and each time has been fun! They have a great selection of beers, friendly neighborhood vibe and almost always are playing awesome music!! The previous times we have came here we sat at the bar and saw the cooks making mac and cheese non stop.. It looked delicious!! So this time (even though I had just finished dinner at Heist) I had to order a small cup. And it was as yummy as it looked!! Next time we are definitely are coming back here to eat!
3	The service here is terrible. While this is my first check in I've been here several times. I actually boycotted this place for a long time because of the terrible service and I needed a quick bite before we hit the road.So let me tell you about why THIS time it's bad.1. One server didn't show up so they were already swamped.( over heard the cooks )2. It took forever to get acknowledged. ( no excuses because I've been here when it's slow and same thing)3. I had to get my own silverware ( I've had to do this several times before so I know where it's kept... I shouldn't )4. After the waitress apologized she then forgot my wife's silverware.. C'mon !!!The only saving grace and the reason for the 3. the food is really good ! Aaaargh...... It is so bad that I like this place......They were churning out food faster than the staff could serve it even with the late server in.Food/cooks: 4Service: 1 ( at least it's better than the time  I had to get my own food from the bar after looking at it for 5 minutes wondering why the bartender didn't just walk it over the 4 steps to my table )
2	Once again I really hate a place everyone loves. I can't help it. I went there last night with some friends to get a burger after a show had let out, and we were cold and starving.Going inside Jack Beagles did not help me out with either of those things.First it took about 40 minutes to receive our food. Our waitress just sort of stared over at our table wondering what the hell we were still doing there while talking to friends and the bartender. During this 40 minute time period the fans were turned up to such an astronomical speed that in my winter jacket i was freezing to death. We asked our waitress if there was anything to be done and once again she just stared at us like we were the biggest morons to ever grace her presence. We noticed a lot of other patrons becoming really cold too, so it wasn't just me being a baby either. It wasn't until my friend got up and told her we were going to walk out that they finally, oh god, finally turned them off. Oh and then the air conditioning kicked on and blew right onto our table. Thanks guys.I ordered a burger that was supposed to have cheese, bacon and jalapenos. This burger had so many jalapenos that it was literally just a jalapeno burger. The burger was just this really super weird combination of blandness and burning of my stomach lining. My friend got fries with cheese and gravy. I ate one fry and wanted to die. Not because it was good, but because if that's what passes as gravy these days I no longer wanted to live.
4	The breakfast here is real.  I have been to JackBeagles twice, both for breakfast on Saturday mornings.  I love that you can get right in this place, no wait, no fuss.  I run the breakfast burrito, which is always made fresh to order, filled with soft, scrambled eggs, cheese, bacon and green peppers.  It's is very big and very filling (that's what she said, haha).  I have a buddy that always orders the eggs benedict, which he swears bye.  The service is superb, especially at the bar where I always sit.JackBeagles becomes a much more appealing option when you consider how packed places like Zada Jane's gets on Saturday and Sunday mornings.  The early morning simplicity is what draws me to Jack Bs for breakfast and is why I will definitely be back one morning soon.
3	I arrived at JackBeagle ready for a tasty beer. I love porters; I am a fan of the whole chipotle porter sensation. When I see a beer of this variety available on draft I typically ask for a taste so that I can decide if I would like an entire pour.  I don't need anything more than a drip on my tongue to make up my mind. I found it a bit unnecessary to charge $1 for a taste of this beer. They had Lagunitas IPA so I stuck with an old favorite because I was off put at paying to try the porter. The servers were attentive in replenishing beverages outside and the prices for beer were as expected. The patio was nicely heated with plenty of seating. I give JackBeagles the thumbs up and will probably have drinks here again but just can't say it is anything more than average.
4	JackBeagles has recently become my "go-to" for a weekend breakfast...it's like a Budweiser: always fills me up, and never lets me down. I think it's always a good idea for a restaurant to keep a simple menu, execute a couple of items that you do really well, and don't overcomplicate or spread yourself too thin by trying to appease everyone. I think JBs really embraces this concept; they stick to a few basics, throw in a special or two, and keep the prices very reasonable. As for the building, I've always just walked in the front door (push don't pull), and sat right at the bar. I'd probably just classify it more as "counter-service" than bar, as the kitchen is visible and somewhat open, and the service up front has always been efficient. Side note: I like that the coffee mugs are just a random assortment from local businesses that they probably got for free...It's kinda like a koozie, it's always better to collect them rather than buy them.  The inside has a real laid-back vibe, and you'll usually catch a couple of people at the bar completing a crossword puzzle, or just there sipping on some coffee. Striking up conversations with others is typically easy & comfortable. As mentioned before, I've only been for breakfast---but I'll definitely check out their lunch/dinner options if I'm ever bar hopping around NoDa some night.
4	A fun local NoDa joint with 6 tables and a bar, serving hand smoked rib wraps with blue cheese coleslaw and a great beer list. The service was great, and friendly ("Hi we're Erin and Laura and we'll be taking care of you.") and the decore fun ( local art). I was here for lunch, but I'll bet it's filled at night.
4	A great bar in NoDa, there weekend breakfast is very good. Ask for the S@$&? On a Plate.
5	At a glance, this looks like just another bar where you might expect to find some greasy pub food. I stopped in because my roommate recommended the place, and I sure as hell don't regret it. Lee, the bartender, is clearly a fan of the food and gave me his first and second choices for each category when I asked for a recommendation. I took my cues from him and had possibly the best pulled pork I have ever tasted (along with some great mac n cheese). Lee also kept my water glass full, which is no small feat. All in all, I was very impressed and I will be back.
5	I love love love this place.  Great atmosphere, live music, and great beer selection.  Even with all of that my favorite thing will always be the Jack Mac.  The best mac' n cheese I could ask for!!
2	Oooooooh Beagles, how do I love thee, but the last 2 nights in a row you hustled me on my tab.I really hope this rant doesn't affect my future service at this place, even with the bad rating I will return and hopefully update this with a higher rating in the future.  I can't not come here, its probably the best place in NoDa for a reasonably priced food and beer.  That patio will be rockin in the spring.I'll tell the 2 stories though.The first night I ordered a ripper, awesome dog for the money.  I got the special tropical version with mango.  Soooo tasty and I'm not a hotdog lover.  It says on the menu $2.99, $1 more for a jumbo.  I would assume that that means it would come to 3.99, but it rings up 4.50.  I asked my waitress about this and she said nobody had ever complained before.  I told her that it didn't really matter that nobody had noticed the overcharge I wasn't going to pay it.  She said she couldn't do anything about and got the manager.  He was seemed friendly at first but then actually had the nerve to tell me "its only .50", I agreed with him.  Yes, its only .50, but it took some bickering back and forth before I could it taken off.  If the customer catches you overcharging, don't argue with me about it.  Ironically, I was hilariously talking NASCAR with the owner at the table next to us but I don't think he noticed what was going on.  I still tipped the waitress $5 on this small tab, just to let her know it was the principle of the matter, not me being a cheap ass.But, I still love this place, so I came back the next night.  It seemed like the perfect segway between the Triple C elite event and the absolutely amazing Emancipator show at the neighborhood theater.  Plus, they had hop slam and 1/2 priced wings, or at least advertised half priced wings.  I ordered 12 wings, the menu says they are $9.99 and the specials board said half priced wings, so that comes to $6.50 right?  No, half of $10 is $5, easy math I thought.  When I asked about it, I was told that the half priced deal is only on the 6 wings and I didn't order 12 wings, I ordered to orders of 6.  I thought that 6 wings were only $6, not $6.50 as well, but maybe I was mistaken.  This time I didn't make quite as big of a deal about it as it was still a good deal.  But then, as we started to leave my friend noticed her purse had been sitting in a pool of water that they neglected to clean up.  Her key FOB for her car was ruined and all of here business cards were as well.  Not completely their fault as the customer who did it should have fessed up, but PLEASE get your $@!^ together people.Moral of the story is, this place is awesome and the prices are fair, but please just let me know if you are going to charge me more than what the menu states, maybe if I was drunk I wouldn't notice, but that practice just ain't right.
4	Went back to the old Jack Beagle for brunch after church and it was a 180 on all the stuff I had an issue with.Everyone was friendly, was greeted at the door, my coffee and water full, and my waitress was fantastic !!!The food is always great and this time the food and the service matched. Tip: if you want something so bad for you but is soooooo delicious get the shhh on a shingle... My personal fave.I will be back and I don't have to convince the Mrs to come back for her fave pancakes . Let's keep this standard going... Awesome !Side note : I started this review a few months ago but I used the phone app...... boo on the phone app.... Ive been back a few times and all issues I had before with brunch have been solved.... great job guys !!!!
5	Yes it's a bar and yes it's surrounded by other bars, but it is by far my favorite drinking hole.  Almost every night is started here because of the friendly bartenders and the well priced drinks and beer. But the most shocking factor of JackBeagles is there phenomenal food offering. They're hot dogs and macaroni and cheese cannot be compared to any other in the Noda area. And because they serve breakfast, it's a great place to roll out of bed for on Sunday mornings.
4	Our first trip to JackBeagles was almost perfect! The food, atmosphere and drinks were all spot on, and we will definitely be back. The only draw back was that it took forever to get our waitress to pay attention to us.  We sat down at 11:25 and didn't have food until noon. When our food was brought we ordered drinks and were done eating by the time they arrived. I'm hoping it was just a fluke since the food was so good.. We'll definitely give them the chance to try again soon!
4	Definitely a place to drink. And sadly, I came on a day that I didn't want to drink. My brother and I came upon this place hearing good things about it. I, wasn't hungry (surprised?) but my brother was so he got a meal and told me to order some appetizers. We ordered the mac n cheese and the buried treasure which was covered in beef, cheese, on top of waffle fries. They were delicious. The mac n cheese wasn't bad but the only problem I had was it was a little on the salty side. Though, I didn't have a good beer to wash it down so that's probably why it's a little salty. If you have some alcohol with that I bet it would taste awesome.The service. Not bad. When we went in there it was during late afternoon so it was sort of dead. But, that doesn't matter when the waiter was nice and offered her favorites on the menu that made our decision for what to get. All in all, I would come here to drink and eat. But I want to emphasize, next time I'm definitely going to get a beer with my food.
3	JackBeagles does quite a few things right. Easy watering hole for the NoDa walker in us all, and plenty of bar food to fill the bellies of those pounding copious amounts of brewskies or other unmentionable swill. Gotta say I love the Rippers. I'm a fan of a hot dog just about any day of the week and JB's was right on the money. I like a little bit of char on my dog, a little white onion, relish and yellow mustard. However, "ripped," means split and deep fried. What the eff?! Who knew hotdogs could be more awesome. Plenty of beer to choose from here. Love that they have a good variety of bottles, too. Where I can't say this is my go-to spot for dinner or food in general when in NoDa, I really want to check out the brunch. With "Shit on a Shingle," which I haven't had in years, these guys have piqued my interest for a future Sunday brunch spot.
3	I'm sure there's a cleaver reason this place has a name like it does but I couldn't capture it during my first visit.  Noda is chock full of spots like this one.  Unassuming, undercover and generally hole in the wall type places.  That's not a bad thing but I think this place just blends in.  Blends in until you walk to the back and out to the patio.  The best asset is the back patio and it looks like they are putting more money into to make it even nicer.  Nice little stage for a local band to play certainly creates a nice environment to come and kick back.
4	JackBeagles has a great bar atmosphere that I feel really helps NoDa as a whole. With their specialty mac and cheese and their great beer deals there couldn't be a better bar. I do wish they had better food aside from their mac, but it's not a huge problem. One thing they could actually use? A sign. I swear, I try to have people meet me here all the time and they can never find it.
3	Finally made my way here since we were on the hip side of town and were pretty much famished...  Luckily I don't have a problem talking to strangers because I knew where this place was supposed to be, but I saw no indication that it was actually there... If I hadn't asked the nice ID checking guy standing at the door, we'd have walked right past it... Can we at least get him a shirt that says JackBeagles? lolI'm going to go ahead and put my cards on the table... If you put anything spicy in front of me, the battle is already half won... I love a nice, bold, spicy dish and that Jack Mac is the definition of delicious in my book... It's the perfect combination of cheesy, creamy and spicy... I will absolutely be back for that... The boyfriend got the Chili Mac and while it wasn't bad, the chili pretty much overpowered the mac... It was good chili, though...We got two of the philly sandwiches... I got the regular one which was absolutely amazing... The bread was soft on the inside with a nice crust around, the fillings were nicely sliced and were packed inside great... I hate having to wrangle a messy sandwich... lol The boyfriend got the philly with the pepperonis and it was a hit with him... I liked it, too, even though he drowned it in mayonnaise... (Ick.) You know, it was the kind of night where I ordered a beer and it was decent, but I honestly can't even remember the name of it... And I didn't write it down... Sorry about that, guys... lol  They do have a solid beer selection, though, so I'd give it a whirl...There's a new patio out back, apparently, but this hungry girl didn't make it past the plate this time... Next time we head in, I'll update...
5	Came for breakfast. The breakfast tacos with hollandaise are awesome!
4	Came to here to have a beer and ended up eating some food. I had the pork tacos and they were awesome. Very tasty with the mango salsa which gave a sweet taste to the tacos. Will definately be back for a brew and the tacos.The new outdoor seating area is big and are looking forward to music playing out there this summer.
4	Mighty mighty yummy bar food. Love the outdoor area- plenty of space to spread out and listen but not have to yell over the live music. I'm a fan of the build your own mac and cheese. Love that that their burgers are hormone free and all-natural. I enjoyed the sloppy joe and have magical things about the hot dogs here. Great bloody marys if you are in to that kind of thing. Combine my two favs the chili and the mac and cheese into some epic chili mac. Not much parking so best to bike or park on a side street. And best price- things are priced very fairly for the food quality.
4	Cozy and laid-back, much like the rest of NoDa. Inside is rather small and gets crowded, but I love the patio! Lots of room, heat lamps during the colder months and live music during the warmer months. Food here is wonderful, the waffle fries with gravy are perfect for late night munchies. And their inventive mac n cheeses never disappoint! Only downside is that there are only 2 one-room bathrooms, which creates long lines when it's crowded. It's not much worse than a typical bar though, but they're right by the door to the patio so it can get real cramped while you're waiting to go! Bathrooms aside, this will continue to be a go-to bar for me as I love the atmosphere, food and the drinks of course!
5	I love this place! It's extremely clean and the people are so nice. There are the occasional drunk or two, but stay out of their way and they won't bother you. The food is fresh and cooked as soon as the order is placed. I love the burgers and the chicken fingers are amazing. Try the Mac-n-Cheese too! The location is kinda odd, the first time I went there I was meeting friends and I walked by the place a couple of times before realizing that it was right in front of me. It's really laid back and cozy.  The outdoor patio is heated in the winter and has live entertainment.The prices are really reasonable for an up and coming neighborhood like NoDa. I plan on bring all of my friends here!
5	My favorite spot in NoDa, non-brewery. I've celebrated New Years, Halloween, St Patties day, and Just Drink days here, and loved every minute. Top tier pub food, shockingly good in my opinion. Always interesting art on the wall, great specials, and a superb place to bring friends. Meet here for a drink too, wonderful selection of bottles and cans, and the drafts are well chosen, said the beer snob.
5	This place is amazing. As a NoDa resident, Jack's Beagles is the only food that I can consistently eat from the restaurants around here. The prices are very reasonable considering the great quality of the food! The pork tacos are ridiculous, all the macaronis are incredible, classic Mac being my favorite, the burgers are delicious, and my god is the widow maker amazing!!
4	A hole in the wall with crazy good mac and cheese.It looks like a dive bar, it smells like a dive bar, the bathrooms are a dive bar's, the service is a dive bars... the food is incredible! Best drunk food I have ever had. I need to try all the mac and cheeses.
4	Beagles might be one of my favorite watering holes.. EVER! As a local NoDa resident, I love how laid back and fun this bar is. No matter if you show up for Trivia on Tuesdays, to watch the game on Sunday or to just relax after a bike ride, Beagles is sure to make you happy.  Oh and their "Jack Mac" mac & cheese.. stupid good.And you've gotta love a bar that has no sign out front :)
4	I moved to Charlotte a few months ago and while I'm trying to get as much exposure to the city as possible I want to try new things each time I go out. I just can't help but to frequent Jack Beagles when I'm looking for consistency though.Atmosphere is very chill and unpretentious, which is nice when you're not in the mood for raging uptown. We went just yesterday for the first time at night. Same service and quality that were present during the day. There was also no cover for the band (which sounded great btw). This is one of the few places I've been to so far that I don't feel as if everything is overpriced for the area. They actually have real drink specials on a Friday night! And as others have mentioned, the service here is spot on. We have yet to wait long for either service or food preparation and everyone has been very friendly. The food here is some of the best bar food I've ever had. I'm a true southerner and it hurts to say I didn't know there existed a mac and cheese better than my grandmother's but yeah...it does. House made hummus, I eat a lot of this stuff and this is the best I've had in CLT. But everything we've had on the menu has been way above average bar food and seems to have something unique about it. Overall, I love this place and want to give it a 5 star but as this is my first CLT review, I'm trying be conservative for places that blow me away. Might have to eventually edit this though haha.
4	Cool place to hang out on a day off...!  Great hot dogs and the beer line-up was very tempting. Next time...Fries were ok but the mac & cheese was spectacular. Next time I'll skip the fries.  Not many vegetarian options - even the mac & cheese had bacon. The patio out back is great for big groups of friends and it has a stage for bands. Thanks, Yelp, for finding this great place!
4	Delicious, inexpensive, friendly staff and patrons.  New favorite laid back spot
4	Great dive bar.  Good prices and good variety of beer.  Laid back, NoDa attitude.  Good enough brunch. I have many good memories here.
4	One of the best Mac and cheese dishes in Charlotte! And the bartenders are awesome too!
4	I have one phrase for you...... Mac-n-cheese.  And when I say that Jack Beagles does it right, I am not kidding. Who would ever have thought that this NoDa bar would have gourmet style Macaroni and cheese???  Well thank goodness my friend who had indulged in a drunken binge of trying some random menu choices stumbled on this.  We tried the traditional and the bacon and blue cheese one....... Omg.  Really, the pasta is traditional elbow macaroni and comes served in these large ramekin bowls, which means they are made for individual servings! Which means you don't have to share!!!!  The cheese was so melty and gooey..... The flavors were spot on! A nice bar to hit, if you are looking for a patio spot, too (in the back).  I am shamed to say that the Mac and cheese is all I've had here.... When it's that good, do you need anything more? No.....
5	Great food, relaxed atmosphere, quick service, excellent beer selection. What else do you want? The Bayou Burger is fantastic.
5	We had the fries how you like 'em for an appetizer -- we got chili, onions, and tomatoes -- and the fries were waffle, the chili delicious, and the effect was impressive. Then the burgers came, and they were large, and delicious (decent-sized buns, not those tiny things). And with the burger came the Mac & cheese, and it was surprisingly good (and I'm kind of a mac & cheese snob). So the food was better than I expected, and the prices were reasonable, so I'd say that's a win-win. Now, if only they'd put up ANY sort of a sign outside identifying the place, more people could find it. So if you're in NoDa, check it out, but be sure you have the address.
3	Delicious food.  The Mac n Cheese with garlic was spectacular.  My group had wings, hot dogs and burgers.  Everyone enjoyed the meal despite being BLASTED be cold air.THEN..... the check came.  It was half price wing night.  3 people at the table ordered 12 wings.  On the menu 6 wings are $5.99 and 12 wings are $9.99.  This should put our orders at $5 each.  We were all charged for 2 orders of 6 totaling $6.50.  None of that makes any sense to me except incorrect ordering on her part, possibly trying to up the check average, and incorrect pricing on the menu.Everyone at the table is in the bar/restaurant business and noticed the problem too late.  This will definitely stay in our head the next time we want to go out to eat, which we do a LOT.
4	Delicous mac n cheese! Food was priced great for the portions you are getting, and they had a great variety with a twist on normal meal items (example, mexi mac n cheese was amazing). Service was great. Live band was awesome to listen to. Would definitely go back.
3	I haven't had a whole lot of the food here. The drink specials are usually great, but the food is lacking when it comes to meat-free options. I have had the build your own fries which is a nice treat after practice now and again. A few weeks ago I finally got to go for brunch. The prices were on par with typical breakfast places like Ihop. I had the tradition breakfast of eggs and hash browns hold the bacon. I asked for toast but they brought me biscuits so I tried them and wasn't impressed in the least. They were very heavy and dense. They didn't have the flaky texture I was looking for. The biggest plus here is a great beer selection and a cool patio.
4	Have been here several times for lunch, and everything has been really good.  Definitely worth a try.
4	Just had a great lunch. Cheese steak, chicken cheese steak and hot dog all tasty. Will return asap.
3	Again, I wish Yelp had half stars, because this was a 3.5 experience for me. I ordered the CHEESESTEAK with onions, green peppers, and mushrooms. I chose melted provolone as my cheese. I asked them to hold the mayo, because mayonnaise on a Philly cheesesteak is sacrilegious. I drank a STONE IPA, which paired well with the sandwich. (Harpoon IPA was on tap, but I didn't notice that until later.) Total price for my meal was a few pennies over $12.I sat at the bar and watched the short order cook prepare my meal, to see if I could learn any secrets - I didn't. The cheesesteak took about ten minutes to arrive, smoldering lava hot. I liked the components, which were plentiful, and well cooked. The line cook used grilled steak, and definitely not "Steak Ums." I especially enjoyed the nice crusty bread. The sandwich lacked something taste wise, which was hard to pin down. I'm not saying that it was bad, or that I was disappointed, it just lacked some "oomph." There was no salt or pepper added to the meat, so that would have helped somewhat. At home, I would also have added a few shakes of garlic powder. Cheez Whiz would have added significantly to the authenticity of the taste. I've had better cheesesteaks, but I've had far, FAR worse. Portofino's/East still remains my benchmark for CLT. I haven't tried the food trucks - YET, but I will. My barstool neighbor was downing mixed drinks, and munching on WINGS with ranch dip and celery hearts. Both the drink and his food looked good.A mother came in, accompanied by her small daughter. The female bartender told them that Jack Beagles makes a great BURGER. I watched this being prepared, and it surely looked delicious. I would probably order that next time. It seems that almost every other reviewer says their mac 'n cheese is amazing, so that would be a "must try" eventually as well. SERVICE was very good. The female bartender was friendly and properly attentive. I didn't have to wait for anything. There were a couple of loud young guys bragging on their drinking prowess, but no one was being overly obnoxious. The female bartender deftly kept them in check. I love the RELAXED ATMOSPHERE of Jack Beagle's and the wonderful LOCATION. There were large size TV's over the bar. I found the place to be very CLEAN.  This place makes me wish that I lived in NODA.
5	-Amazing food-Unbeatable prices-Reliable and fair service-Fantastic patronsJack Beagles' has all of the above. I moved to Charlotte in April 2012, having never been a big fan of bars and pubs. Too much riff-raff. Jack Beagles doesn't have that problem. I enlisted about five months later but I still go to this bar every single time I return home! I always get the same great service with the same great prices. I've eaten almost everything on the menu and nothing disappoints me. I met one of the owners once and frankly, he looks like everyone else working there. Jack Beagles' is my favorite bar anywhere and I'll gladly continue supporting this place. Special shout out to Henry, Alex, the cooks, and the hilarious DJ who's name escapes me at the moment. He's always got something great playing.
5	Shit on a shingle is great and brunch gets an A+ in my book. Chill, laid back atmosphere. I describe it to others as "the bar in NoDa with no sign outside".
4	Mac n cheese.... Yummmm! You get 5 selections to choose from. A must try!
5	Great food and music. Best buffalo chicken sandwich I've had in forever! Get the Mac n cheese, no seriously you should get it. You won't regret it.
4	Get the jack Mac, very good. Went for lunch. (Get the bowl if you're hungry.)Definitely go back.
1	Tried to walk in at almost 2 with my friends who were giving me a ride home. I had a hot dog from a street vendor a block away in my hand. My mistake, yes, however it was cold, raining, and I was tipsy and recovering from bronchitis. The door guy told me I couldn't bring the hot dog in since they serve food there, understandable. I stood outside in the freezing rain and finished my hot dog then tried to get back in. The door guy asked for my ID which I got, and made a joke that went something like "Remember me? I'm the girl with the outside food!" He didn't like that, so he pushed me. Twice. When I say "push" I mean he placed his hands on me and forcibly ejected me from the building. I am a 95 lb, 5 foot woman. He was a 6 foot, probably somewhere near 250 lb man. The owner of a nearby shop saw and had a talk with him. I used to like the food here, but I'll go somewhere that doesn't employ woman beaters as bouncers from now on.
4	You want a nice, belly up, NO DA bar?  This is a good choice.  We wandering in during a cold snap and were greeted cheerfully by a saucy bartender.   She gave us some good talk on the specials and had us sold.      They had a couple beers on tap that I hadn't tried yet and it being Wednesday we lucked into their wings special.If you like a hot-bqq ( like a sweat and hot) wing, then get the "Barbalo" sauce. It was good. It left zinging taste in my mouth, but not to hot or vinegary for the lips.
4	Love the Blue Black Mac & Cheese and the  Bourbon Teriakye wings are delicious!! Nice atmosphere and drinks specials! Outdoor patio is heated and full bar!! This place is cool to hang with friends and meet new ones!!
5	Ultimate hot dog spot! I've had a couple deluxe rippers and the pork tacos here and they're all crazy good! I'm usually not a big hot dog fan but it was hard not to try an island dog when the opportunity presents itself. Plus Bird songs Mexi Cali on tap puts this spot over the top for me!
1	In reply to the owner, on my previous review:I think you misunderstood me a bit. I was asked to stand outside and finish my hot dog, and then I could come in. I was not asked to leave for being intoxicated. When I came in, as I was told I would be allowed to, he asked for ID which I provided. I then made a joke, and was pushed out the door despite the fact that I was not resisting or denying leaving whatsoever. He just said "Then you can get out again" and pushed me. I don't think that's fair or professional. After the owner of another business who witnessed the whole thing reasoned with him, he then told me I could come inside. If I'd been in the wrong, I don't think this would have been his ultimate decision.
5	I think I'm a regular now. The food is delish and the atmosphere is great. Such a great hangout spot.
4	The energy of this Charlotte restaurant makes you feel like you are in a city. It is a narrow restaurant. There is exposed bricks. It has a good energy that I feel like a lot of Charlotte restaurants are missing.The outdoor area is fantastic and it looks like they keep adding more to it. There is usually good music.The food- there is a solid breakfast/brunch crowd. It gets busy. The lunch/dinner menu is good. The hamburgers are juicy and cooked to order. The best thing is the Mac and cheese. There is a Mexi Mac type that is especially incredible. This place feels like a diner. It has a good, low key vibe. Go.
4	As long as the doors are open we will keep coming back! Drinks can be pricy if not ordered from the drink specials. The BEST food! Bleu cheese and bacon mac and cheese? Yes please! The fried mushrooms are so good and served with horseradish sauce. Cheesesteak, hummus, beer! It's win/win!
4	Believe it or not the Hotdogs are ggggrrrreeaaaat! I had that plus the hidden treasure fries with homemade chili  (great), pulled pork, peppers and onions, and slaw. Amazing! I truly enjoyed it n so did my friends. I looooovvveed the slaw, so good!
4	Super fun place to go on a Friday night! They had a live band playing with a decent size dance floor. Drinks were decent. We ordered the fries smothered in chili, cheese, and pork and they were pretty amazing!
2	Went for lunch, at about 12:30 on Saturday with the wife, so I thought. We were handed breakfast menus. Breakfast? At 1230? Yup! Asked for lunch menu. Was told can't get lunch til 1:30. That was weird. Had "breakfast". Wife had omelette with taters and I had SOS w/ taters. Food was okay. Wouldn't go back for breakfast. Probably won't go back for lunch due to the inconvenience. Really need to make lunch earlier.
3	Sat out in the back patio here. I loved the low key vibe of this place and how easy to was to grab a seat. I had a ripper (hot dog) with slaw and spicy mustard, and a cup of the jack Mac. Hot dog was tasty and delivered my meat fix. I was a bit disappointed by the Mac n cheese though. It was more "liquid-y" than my preference and clearly had not been baked. It was good and I ate it all, but reviews would have me believe it was the best in town. Definitely not the case.  Service was pleasant but very slow, especially for a quiet night.If I lived in the area I could see coming by here on a whim for a drink and a bite. But as it stands I do not live nearby, and there wasn't anything in particular that would make it a destination for me so I will likely not be back.
5	Looking for a bar with good food, good drinks, a friendly staff, and nice people? Well normally I would tell you to keep dreaming because no bar has all of things at once right? That's what I used to say before I went to JackBeagles!I first discovered this place a couple of years ago while hanging out in NoDa shortly after moving to Charlotte.  Since then I've been back several times.  The staff is always friendly, it's like they actually enjoy their jobs and want to be there.  I can't say that I've ever had a bad experience here with any of them over the years.  I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the other patrons are and how inviting the atmosphere is at a whole.  One of the  few bars I've come to where you can really just sit down and feel free talk to anyone. Just about everyone seems to be having a good time enjoying their food/drinks and very social.  I've met all kinds of people here.  If you come during evening hours they usually have some good music playing in the background as well.But enough about the people, let's talk about the food.  First I have to get into the Mac n Cheese because this is the dish that's going to keep most coming back.  JackBeagles has hands down some of the best Mac n Cheese I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot of mac n cheese).  They have several different styles but if it's your first time then I recommend starting with the signature Jack's Mac.  Prepare to be blown away.  On your subsequent visits (because you'll probably come back), feel free to try the other flavors as they're all amazing.  My other favorite is the Mexi-Mac.If you need something more then you have to try one of their hot dogs.  Trust me all you need is 1.  These things pack a delicious wallop.  For the bravest souls I have to suggest the Buried Treasure Fries.  These aren't your traditional cheese fries.  Once you order them and see all the things topped onto them, you'll realize why they're called "buried treasure" fries.   You might want to share these with your date as it's quite a bit for one person to handle.I can't recommend this place enough.  If you're only in Charlotte for a short amount of time and want to experience a good bar atmosphere and at the same time grab a delicious meal, head to JackBeagles.  Good thing I don't live in this part of town or else they'd have all my money haha.
4	They have a great patio!! Weekend brunch is super affordable, too. $ 'mosas and $4.99 b banana pancakes!
4	This place has delicious food and a great atmosphere. I've sampled most of the menu and haven't been let down yet! My favorite thus far is The Stugot cheesesteak!!!
4	My favorite bar in NoDa.  Good breakfast (and food in general but I pretty much only eat there for breakfast on the weekend), good beers, good music, and the bartenders are just snooty enough to keep you coming back for more.
3	Really, I come here for the beer and the food is generally an afterthought. I have friends who are excited by their brunch and mac n cheese, but I find their food to be generally bland or oversalted. It's not bad, but not great. It's generic American with a little classy and a little trashy thrown in. For instance, they have a blue cheese mac, but they also have a cheesesteak-based version of "shit on a shingle" as a  brunch option. Their inspiration seems diverse. I was most recently there to try their brunch. The servers are usually friendly and ours was no exception. She was very new though, in the "make many trips, forget drinks, don't bring a spoon to stir the coffee" kind of way. Everyone's gotta start somewhere though, so we forgave the inefficiencies. However, when she brought out our meals piecemeal from the kitchen, my patience waned as my eggs cooled, waiting for the rest of my food to arrive. When it did, my "shit on a shingle" was filling, a good portion size, yet slightly too salty.  There wasn't enough gravy on the steak to actually cover the Texas toast and keep it moist. I had ordered scrambled eggs on the side to also eat with the gravy and not only were they only warm by the time my food arrived, they were also not cooked very well -- more like a fried egg that happened to have been stirred a couple times. The home fries, however, were delicious and well seasoned. My dining companion liked the whole meal though, dubbing it "so white trash" and "right up my alley." She got the French toast and it tasted good, though they went a little nuts with the powdered sugar on top.  Hers was standard brunch fare, simple and tasty.
4	JackBeagles has some of my favorite food. They are the only place to my knowledge in Charlotte that makes authentic philly cheese steaks, with whiz. You don't have to order it this way, but why wouldn't you? They have a bunch of other awesome food too. Drink selection is good and staff is awesome, especially Alex. She is very accommodation and cheerful. Outside seating is covered and internet jukebox is ready to play. The bar set up is great, but if you're looking to sit at a table, outside is probably best. Inside deist have very many tables for groups.I took one star off because on the weekends at night it fills up with a lot of douchey (for lack of a better word) people. They have live music a lot on weekends, but 9.5 times out of ten, it's not very good. They do get lucky and get a good band every once in a while though. The best time to go is lunch or breakfast. Both menus are phenomenal. Full bar for brunch with games on the TVs outside when weather permits.
5	So far this has been the best restaurant/bar experience in Charlotte!! Great food! Great Drinks! And every server I've had has been really ridiculously hot! A must visit for passers through and locals!
3	Was in the mood to try their SOS.  It's basically a southern version of a classic served on Texas toast and topped with sausage gravy,  plus they substitute the original chipped beef for chopped meat and onions.   Think of it as a Philly grinder smothered with sausage gravy.   For an extra $3 they'll put a couple fried eggs on it,  too.  Overall,  the meal was tasty and filling;  however, not really a monster do-over.   This sandwich wasn't unique enough for me to return to a bar that's just waking up and decided to cook breakfast.
5	I really liked this place. Nice variety on the burger menu and the Mac and cheese is really good.  The service was wonderful and I liked the atmosphere. Nice selection of bottle/can beer as well as plenty of great choices on tap.  Prices can't be beat.Definitely check it out.
4	I had one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life,  the Blue Bayou!  Great food,  great service,  and good beer selection
4	I will typically try the Mac and cheese wherever I go because, hey, why not?  What I can tell you is that Jack Beagles has the best mac and cheese in town.  With options like Blue Black Mac, Chili Mac, and Mexi Mac, what's not to like?  I've tried nearly all of them at this point and they are all stellar. My favorite though is probably the Blue Black Mac. Their burgers are good but there are definitely better in Charlotte (Cowbell and Kickstand to name a few). Not a place that necessarily sticks out in Noda but certainly a good choice for those tired of some of the staples in the area.  I like the fact that this is more of a low key spot where you can relax and grab a good meal. Oh, and by the way, they have a nice bar for those looking to grab a beer.
5	Quality food served in good portions by happy waitresses!!  Defiantly will be back!From the street and the area you may think twice about going inside. Do yourself a favor and go in, it is an easy fun environment.
4	Great burger, decent mac. Only complaint is it felt like wind tunnel with fans on and a/c directed right at tables.  Would visit again.
5	When asking locals "where is the best place to eat?" We weren't expecting to get directed to this hole-in-the-wall little joint. With flashiness all around, we would have easily overlooked the little black door tucked away into the building. When we walked in, the ambiance was artsy, the drink specials were awesome, and the menu was to the point and full of goodness.  I got the Market Steak sandwich (YES. It is AMAZING.) With Chili-Mac on the side. You will think that it's just macaroni and cheese, but the way they make the noodles al-dente and have such a buttery cheese sauce with perfect chili... you cannot pass it up. Don't fall for the gimmicks of murals and colors... this may look like a plain little section of NoDa but it was a highlight of my trip. I will be back.
4	Jack Beagles serves a great brunch and a mean Bloody Mary. My running group eats there every Saturday; they accommodate a bunch of sweaty, thirsty runners with no complaints. The only downside is that service can be a bit slow. I love their skinny puppy omelette and their breakfast taters are out of this world!
5	Great local spot for good food & drinks!! Excellent wings & Mac&cheese! Service is great, friendly staff and clean restaurant! We visit frequently and always pleased!! Drink specials are awesome!!!
4	The whole NoDa area is very hipsteresque.   Not really my cup of tea.But after seeing JackBeagles here on yelp and getting equally good reviews from the locals we decided to check it out.Draft beer selection is a little on the small side, but all 8 taps are craft brews.Music playing has a 90s atmosphere to it.   When is the last time you heard New Kids On The Block?!I had the bird pig hoagie special.   Chunks of chicken, bacon and BBQ sauce on a toasted hoagie bun.The Mac n cheese was pretty good too!
5	Good food, decent beers, nice people, dog friendly. Groovy when there's live music too. Actually, GREAT burgers. And the burgers are antibiotic free, vegie fed cow. Bonus!
3	we needed a late night drunk meal and ended up here. the burger was okay but nothing special.. the burger came with a HUGE pickle :]
4	My husband and I come here almost every Thursday night for beer and hot dogs - which are delicious! You can get a hot dog, with variety of toppings (I usually get mine grilled with sauerkraut and spicy mustard), for just $2.50, add a side for $1. Best deal EVER! Beers on tap are local and are changed frequently.The music is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're going to get. I've heard Prince, Smashing Pumpkins, TLC, it's all over, but usually themed for the night, i.e. the night I heard TLC was mid-late 90s hits. Sometimes it's 70s funk, or 80s rock.... You get the picture. A loss of one star, because the bartender is NEVER the same. Seriously, we go every Thursday around 10-11 pm and I have yet to see a bartender twice. It's hard to become regulars at a bar, when the bartender is never the same. Maybe the kitchen guys will start to notice us.There isn't much seating, so if you're a group of 5 or more, good luck with grabbing a table inside. I think they have live music out back and more seating, but people can smoke out there. Gross. To sum it up: Jack Beagle's a hipster dive bar, with good music, decent (not outstanding) beer selection, and low prices; a cool hangout to blow off steam.
4	Really liked the atmosphere of this place, we went here for breakfast on a Saturday and everything was good.  If you want breakfast in a unique setting this is your place.  We arrived fairly early so seating wasn't an issue but it could be a problem later.
5	The food is awesome and the beer is cold! Jack Mac is on point, and the hot dogs ware always awesome! If you need a waitress that won't let you down, ask for Stephanie!
4	Rainy Sunday morning bright spot here in NODA. Great basic breakfast: perfectly cooked eggs, tasty sausage and grits, good coffee served hot and fast. Friendly staff.
4	I really like this bar. It's a bar with good bar music and good bar food. Their fried mushrooms are delicious portabello slices with a great breading and yummy horseradish sauce. Go for the bigger dog- ripper style, you won't regret it. Finally, the Mac and cheese is amazing. Totally amazing. The back bar is a great space, dog friendly- though the music may be too loud, depending on your dog's noise sensitivity.
5	I come here quite often...love the breakfast, atmosphere is great in the evening, nice patio (dog friendly), no complaints here!  This will always be my "go to" spot when I want good food, service, and know I won't be disappointed.The only issue some may find is parking.  If it's busy that's just NODA for you.
5	Just had lunch with two teenagers and everyone loved their food.  Double bacon burger was a huge hit especially the yummy bun.  Another had wings...buffalo style.  And I of course had my usual pulled pork tacos which were fresh and had great textures.  We all had the Mac and cheese.....fantastic way to warm up on a cold afternoon!
5	Best drunk food ever.  The boneless wings are amazing, burgers and Mac and cheese!.  Good music, the best place in noda to get some late night eats.
5	Jack Beagles is probably one of my favorite watering holes in Charlotte. The entire NoDa area reminds me of home in Seattle. It's artsy and laid back with live bands dotted around.The staff is always super friendly, the atmosphere is relaxed, and I always manage to meet interesting people here. The drinks are strong and the bar food is yummy. I definitely recommend the wings and the mac 'n cheese. They cook up the pasta, then add things in to toss around in a pan, and the final step is they put it into an oven so the cheese on top melts. If you sit at the bar, you're going to have to order it, because it'll be right in front of your face, calling you. The funny thing is that everyone seems to have one item they say you have to try. I've heard so many now that I can't keep track. Go with your gut, your hungry growling gut. It can't go wrong here. Plus, the patio in the back is dog friendly and the music is always great.
3	This place didn't stand out. It wasn't bad either though. I rolled in here needing some food late after a concert. It took a lengthy amount of time to be taken care of. Aside from sitting down and waiting for nearly 15 minutes for the waiter to acknowledge us her service was ok. They were missing the most famous local craft brew which was disappointing. The food was average pub food. I wouldn't go in here expecting wow but it should meet most standards.
1	So as a regular here I was terribly disappointed in my visit tonight. I placed a to go order and was told 15 min. I didn't get there until 20 min after I called. Upon arrival, I could tell the place was busy. The food is always amazing here but sometimes the service is less than acceptable. Tonight I was shocked. Not only did I stand and wait 10 min until someone acknowledged me, I saw them give my to go order to someone else! The server and bartender seemed uninterested and were rude to me when I made them aware. The daytime staff are amazing most of the time. Tonight...they were off.
4	Breakfast hoagi is huge, u could split it. Very flavorful.The taters were unbelievable. Crispy with a kick. One on the best tater sides Ive ever had.The Shit on a Shingle was the best breakfast there. Steak and texas toast smothered in country gravy. I love this shit.The mimosas were a little pricey.
