5	THE BEST CIRQUE SHOW YET! I have seen Mystere, O, Ka, and Zumanity. This, my friends, outshines them all! From the moment you enter the beautiful theater, you can tell a lot of thought and detail went into the design of it.If I were any of MJ's family and saw this show, I would literally be crying from beginning to end! I know somewhere, Michael himself is applauding this show for it has been done in great fashion. Doesnt matter if you are an MJ fan or not, one thing is for sure, after this show, you will have a whole new respect for the legendary entertainer.As much as I dont wanna give away the whole show, let me give you some tidbits for describing it just doesnt do it justice! From the beginning of the show, every song they performed reflected the style and grace of MJ himself. One example was when "Smoothe Criminal" was performed, just like in the video, they did "The Lean". These guys did not try to change anything different related to the song or music video which is how it should be done. Mixed in between you have Cirque's signature acrobatics on trampolines and dance moves. The costumes they wear are all very intricate and detail oriented. Bravo to those costume designers and make up artists that bust their butt to make these guys look good. As for the lighting and sound, let me tell you, im sure they took great lengths to make sure the lighting is synchronized with the sounds. As for the sound and music, here's a little secret, they have installed 2 speakers custom built into your seats! As you are watching the show, while songs are being performed, it seems like the back up singers are literally right behind you singing! With this speaker set up, the sound is truly surround sound.The other thing that I will reveal to you is towards the end of the show, they have a holographic image of MJ performing "Man in the Mirror" along with the Cirque performers. That portion of the show gave me the chills for it seemed like MJ himself was actually there.So in closing, this is a show I will definitely see again! Forget any other MJ tribute show you have ever seen, this is the ultimate homage to the King of Pop.
5	OMJ!!! It was like Michael Jackson was performing and still ALIVE! he IS still ALIVE, thanks to Cirque du Soleil. Words can't even describe what one must see and experience in person. If you have to see ONE show in Vegas, make sure it is Michael Jackson ONE at Mandalay Bay!You will be singing and dancing just like you are at his concert...
5	Best Cirque show I have seen to date and one of the best shows I have ever seen,  period. This show is more focused on the music than the acrobatics, although the stunts were total eye candy. The sound is incredible, with speakers in the seats.  The lighting was a show in and of itself and the effects were mind blowing, especially when MJ is digitally projected on the stage dancing with the crew.  Money well spent.
5	In a word, amazing. Pretty much a landslide for the single best show I have ever seen in my life. Emotional and touching, with each scene upping the ante from the previous one. There really isn't a bad seat in the house, although section 102 is where to target. The sound is amazing with the speakers in the seat. I went through a lot just to score tickets to the 5/25/13 showing for the wife and I and it was well worth it. Seriously, book it now and don't second guess it, we were completely blown away. 1/3 of the way into it I was already thinking about the next time I could see it.
5	Best show I have ever seen.  I know they just opened and have some kinks to work out, but it was incredible.
5	Loved it! We like Mike's music and that definitely contributes to the five star rating. However, I believe even someone who doesn't know all of Mike's songs would find it very enjoyable. Great sound system and great dancing. It's a very enjoyable show.  No intermission so go to the bathroom beforehand!  Nice clean theater too.  We wish our kids were with us on this trip as they would have loved the show.  We will likely go again next year when we return to Vegas.
3	I have been conflicted since I saw the show last evening about how to grade it.  I have been between three and four stars.  I'm not completely a fan of the show, so I'll give it 3 stars for Cirque's pushing the envelope with its technology.I think you will appreciate the show more if you know Jackson's music--I don't for the most part except the biggest hits and mine might not be the same as anyone else's.  When you enter the theatre, there are two threads that come into play--one, the constant write ups about Jackson in tabloids and the ceaseless hounding by paparazzi for him more than many entertainers.  The funny faux headlines in these tabloids are fun to read.  My favorite: "Man invents his own language - Can only speak to himself."  That shows the idiocy to which some of the tabloids went in creating incredulous stories about Jackson to sell papers.  The other part is the paparazzi, a group of five or six guys going around the theatre taking photos of audience members with one carrying a boom mike.  Another part of Jackson's, or any well known entertainer's life in the media world.  The projection on the scrim was a nice touch also.The show started and there were a few of Jackson's songs with a bit of Cirque circus stuff.  When the songs ended, the Jackson fans in the audience cheered loudly.  Many of the people around me just sat there and didn't applaud.  It was a strange feeling that I can't quite describe.  Something along the lines of, "Oh, OK, that song's over.During the show there is a small amount of circus acts--the trampoline guys and the people climbing and doing tricks on fixed poles rather than the silks that Cirque is so known for.  My feeling was that they should have just left this out.  It really doesn't fit the songs and there's really no purpose except to remind you that you're at a Cirque show.  I wish they had focused completely on the technology and maybe even done more with that.  There is a lot of good music and dancing.  I recognized many of the songs but I wasn't there as a fan of Jackson but a fan of Cirque du Soleil and live entertainment.The hologram sequence near the end was marvelous.  I think more could have been done with this throughout the show.  Not each number, but more of it.  Push the technology as far as you can and leave the trampolines out.Finally, I learned for sure that the man in the moon is a lady.  Now you'll have to go to see the show to know what I mean.  Theatre goers who know Broadway and see this show will get my double reference in that sentence.  This is a solid show but needs some tightening.  And, please, have some of the song "Will You Be There" sung instead of spoken!
5	WOOOW I have no words to explain all the experience I had yesterday at MICHAEL JACKSON ONE.  I had the opportunity to see all the Cirque du Soleil shows and I have to say that this show is something out of this world. This is a unique and differente Cirque Du Soleil show. This show is full of surprises, there was no boring moment at all, all is energy explosion, very creative sets and incredible adaptations of the music. The show has some very emotive moments that I will not mention to keep the surprise for you, but this is a MUST to SEE show in Vegas. Im so happy that CDS made and incredible well done job with this show.  You will be impress since the beginning to the end of the show. Jamie King made a incredible job in this show, the dancing and choreography are AMAZING! Also, this show is totally different from the Arena show MJ Immortal. My suggestion about seating: do not get seats close to the stage nor the first rows... try to get in the middle or first seats in the second sections.  The theater is not that big as Aria s theater so you will have a great view!  Also, get your tickets in advance because this show is gonna be sold out like in their times were O & LOVE! I saw the show yesterday and Im still thinking of how much I enjoyed the show! Must go and see it! PS. the best part for me is the THRILLER! OHH GOD! and MAN IN THE MIRROR...ger ready! PS2. Please do not avoid in attending this show if you are not fan of MJ! Even you are not fan, I promise you will be amazed by this production!
5	I'll start off by saying this is my First Cirque Du Soleil show.  It was amazing. Definitely haven't seen anything like it. I looked at a few of the behind the scene videos just to get a background of the show and Dancers.  It helped.  Check out the videos on Cirque's Youtube page.If you love seeing people dance, this is the show for you.  Im not into the dance shows on tv, but damn, I can sure appreciate some talent when I see it.  I think damn near everyone on the stage could moonwalk.  There are a lot of acrobatic parts to the show as well.  My favorite part of the show was not the MJ Hologram (which was badass, I must say).  I'll just say, wait for the part with the" Lights that outline the dancers Suits"  That part alone was worth the price of admission.  I don't know how anyone can coordinate something like that.  EPIC..... For some reason, I expected to see a MJ lookalike throughout the whole show, which initially, I was slightly disappointed.   That made the MJ Hologram that much more awesome.  I get the chills just watching that part of it.   At that moment, I envisioned what it would of been like to see him LIVE.  Jade Xu has some serious skills with that BO.  The twins from Chile got some serious dance skills.  There was one black guy who was dressed different from everyone else.  I've never seen anyone dance like him.  It looked like he was just hovering from one end of the stage to the other.  Just gliding on his tippy toes.  Salute to you amigo.  As for the seating area.  I sat in row 19 of section 102.  It was the last row.  Great seats right in the middle.  I'd suggest getting seats towards the back of 102 or the First row of sections 202, 203 or 204.  The show is all around you.  The dancers at times pass behind me and dance along the walkways.  I had people dangling right above my head.  Their is action going on to the far right and far left of the stage.  Even at the beginning of the show, the 4 teenagers that star in the show are mingling with people in the seats.   So, if you are thinking of getting seats, go back a little further.  Would I go again..  HELL YEAH. At times it felt like a party.
5	My business partners and I saw this show during the JCK trade show.  All of us were very impressed with the performance. Loved every moment.  5 stars!
5	You can feel Michael during the entire show. It's breathtaking, overwhelming at times and tastefully done. The theater is beautiful and would recommend sitting on section 203 row AA to see everything from a perfect spot - just watch out for the zombies! I've seen Love and thought that was an amazing show, I love Michael so this was such a treat. Previews were great, can't wait to see this show again later this year. Smooth Criminal, Man in the Mirror, Thriller and Beat It were my top favorites. But the whole show was entertaining and something to take in. Love you MJ! Cirque did him justice :)
5	Loved it! Sat in the 5th row (Gold Circle) for the show this past Saturday night and it was great.... I didn't pay for the tickets myself so I can't honestly say whether it is worth the ticket price or not and the only other Cirque show I have seen is LOVE so I don't have any comparisons to other shows. With that being said, is my review now useless? O_oPros:- Music (of course).... if you don't like Michael, don't go to the show... simple as that- Dancing was very good- Bit of a storyline to it, which I enjoyed- Acrobatics and other cirquey-ness (yup, I said that).... while not as spectacular as some other shows I'm sure, it is enough to keep me entertained and was pretty phenomenal nonetheless- Hologram... since everyone else spilled the beans already I can say without feeling bad that this was pretty freaking coolCons (not necessarily my cons but I can see how they can be for others):- If you are there for Cirque and not as a MJ fan... "you're gonna have a bad time". As mentioned above, not a ton of crazy acrobatics and stuff.- Really wish the hologram would have been closer to the front of stage but still amazing anyway- Few points in the show feel like filler with not much going on other than videoAll in all, big fan and would love to go see it again in a year to see if anything changes. So who wants to take me?
5	TEN STARS!  Absolutely, positively the most amazing show I have ever seen, ever.  The detail and thought put into this production is mind-blowing.  All of the music choices were absolute perfection - so many of his hits, yet also a good mix of more obscure (yet still amazing) songs.  The performers have such strength and grace and they were mesmerising.  The theatre was gorgeous, and there is literally not a bad seat in the house.  We were in 202 row NN and we could see everything going on - from the ceiling down to the stage.  The show happens all around you so really wherever you sit, you will be pleased.  Enjoy!
5	Absolutely loved the show. Saw KA the next night after and wish we would've flip flopped because KA couldn't match the energy this show gave off or the enjoyment I got from it!
4	Let me just say that this show is a little bit different than the other Cirque shows on the strip. There is a little less acrobat and more dancing which makes sense since its a tribute to Michael Jackson. But let me tell ya, the dancing was excellent. Its like watching Jabbawockeez. There was this one guy who had some pretty smooth moves.. almost close to Michael. The whole cast is very enthusiastic and really get the whole audience to participate. The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because I'm young. I was born during the peak of his career so I'm not that big of a fan. However, I knew enough songs to enjoy the show. My favorite would have to be when they did the Thriller Dance. As long as you know some songs from Michael, you will definitely enjoy this show!Songs they played: Thriller, Billy Jean, Beat it, You are not alone, They don't care about us, Man in the Mirror (those are the ones I recognize)
5	ONE show to see in Vegas.  This ONE!!!!  Do anything to see this show.  It's amazing!  Great dancing, great visuals, great sound (Jonathan Deans).   Get there!!!!
1	Missing the cirque. This show could have been great . The cirque is just not there and they should have left that out of the title. If that was not in the title I would have given more stars.
4	This was my first CDS show and thought it was great.  My favorite part was the Billie Jean and ill be there, Human Nature section.  The trampoline acrobatics was amazing and the Tarzan guy climbing up and down the rope was crazy.  You will understand what i mean when you go see it.  I was kinda bummed "You you are not alone" wasn't part of the production.  Well, alot of songs were not part of it.  Too many hits to put it all in.  Wish these shows were less money but its Vegas.
5	Without a doubt, the best Las Vegas show I have ever been to.  The set design and special effects are unlike anything you've ever seen before.  I want to go back next Vegas trip!
5	I hear it is not your typical Circ De Soleil show (less circ, more show), but we totally loved it! It was amazing music, dance, and energy. if you are a fan of Michael, you are very likely to enjoy it. Because the show is all around you and is very dynamic, I would recommend getting seats towards the back for a better overall picture. So if you got your tickets, get ready for 2 hours of awesomeness!
1	It has been my dream ever since I can remember to see a Michael Jackson concert.  I was so excited to see this show.  It advertised that it is about what Michael thought the world could be, and we can change it for the better.  I was LOVING the show...until... they brought out a pole dancer.  I'm sorry but I don't get how a pole dancer fits in with Michael's music, he never created SMUT.  It disappointed, and disgusted me, I don't believe that is how Michael would want to represented and it really cheapened the show.  It is advertised as a family show, I would never bring children to this.  I wish I hadn't gone, and would never go again, or recommend it to anyone.
5	Love Michael Jackson, this show was amazing. This is a fairly new cirque du soleil show at the Mandalay Bay so we wanted to see it while we were in Vegas. Best decision ever :) we had so much fun during the show, we just wanted to stand up and dance the whole time (but we didn't want to look crazy). The show is about 1 1/2 hours, it was so good that we wished it was a little longer. The dancing and stage presence were over the top and amusing to watch. RIP MJ.. and watch this if you're in town!
5	In a word, AMAZING.I've seen two other Cirque shows, O and Iris...and loved them both.  This one is different for sure...less acrobatics, more dancing.  The lighting and effects are stunning, and the music is awesome, of course!The show is about 90 minutes and there was not a boring moment whatsoever.  I am reluctant to tell you which parts I liked the best, because I feel like it might ruin some of the "wow" moments for you.  I'll just say that the show blew me away, and I am already making plans to go see it again.  The theater is only 32 rows...so all the seats are pretty good.  We got the mid-range tickets, which were $108...and while I was happy with the seats we had, I will probably spring for the $150 tickets next time.If you're in Vegas, GO.  You will not be disappointed.
5	This show is phenomenal. I'm lucky to be able to see it during the cirque employee premiere on may 23rd. The story line is incredible and the acts are well performed. The energy of this show is amazing. I'm very fortunate to meet and become friends with the creators,costume designers,directors,dancers,acrobats of the show. Most of them are from Montreal Canada. They are great artists and I truly miss them.
4	I HAVE TO DISAGREE WITH "ME M" . He says this show is awesome until they bring out a pole performer . He said it cheapened the show. And that MJ would never agree to having this element. This pole dancer is an artist . There wasn't anything in a sexual nature about the pole performance . And for anyone who didn't know MJ personally who wants to speak what they assume he liked and disliked here you go: May 24, 2009"Michael Jackson has recruited a professional pole dancer and is set to sign a world baton twirling champion to perform on stage with him during his 50 sell-out UK gigs.Sexy pole star Danielle Rueda-Watts (31) has already landed a plum role among the dozen dancers who will back-up MJ at London's 02 Arena".Source: Mike Parker Los Angeles Correspondent for Irish newspaper Sunday World.He later quotes that Michael has shown interest in signing Japanese gymnast and sixth time Batton Twirling World Champion Noriko Takahashi (30), who is currently appearing in Las Vegas in the Cirque du Soleil production KA at the MGM
5	This show was amazing! I need 10 stars! The holograms and special effects are amazing and so  real! The performers are awesome! The theatre is comfortable and fun. It even snows real snow in the show throughout the theatre. This show is a must see! It's magical, touching, fun, exciting and keeps you on the edge of your seat to see what happens next. Best show I ever saw! Kudos to all the performers for all their hard work!
5	no words come to mind except phenomenal to the infinity!!!!!!
5	This show is as good as it gets! This is an example of what LOVE can do! MJOne is simply brilliant. The perfect combination of two geniuses ...Michael Jackson and Cirque Du Soleil. Michael's mastery is evident ...and NO ONE can take that away from him. I am so excited to see the show again...and will head back to Vegas in July !
5	Simply SPECTACULAR show!!! The word show somehow is so menial to describe this performance by amazingly gifted and talented performers. Thank you to Cirque, Welby, Kevin Antoons and so many more for creating such a brilliant tribute for Michael. Thank you for honoring the MJ fan's wishes. My only complaint is that I wanted it to last longer... just never end!! Immersed totally... totally nourished in MJ, his genius, his art, his spirit. An incredibly beautiful, energizing, spellbinding tribute to Michael Jackson. Thank you to Cirque and the Estate of Michael Jackson for producing and creating this incredibe honor to MJ's legacy and his genius. God bless you all!! I saw this amazing show on the 28th with the MJ fans, again on the 29th for the Premier and then attended the After Party to end all parties. Thank you so much to the Michael Jackson Estate for your generosity and the amazingly fun and rockin' after party. Not sure you will ever be topping that one! Thank you! Thank you! A total BLAST!! Looking forward to seeing MJ One again soon!! This will definitely be an every year event for MJ fans from around the world. Oh and just wanted to say for those asking... the blonde guitar player also represented Jennifer Batten who played guitar in those crazy costumes with the big blonde hair on all of Michael's tours.
5	An incredible array of Michael Jackson pieces done with incredible grace and talent by one of my favorite performance groups; Cirque du Soleil.The message the creators pull out through the story is one I hope all will heed:  One = taking care of ourselves, embracing our differences, celebrating them in fact.  The visual effects were spectacular.  It is a must see show for those who appreciate music and storytelling.  I could hardly stay in my seat... i wanted to dance and move to the great music and feeling of it all.
5	This show have completely redefined art.
5	If you like Michael Jackson music, it is a must see.  Outstanding sound system.  LOUD!!
5	A must see for all Michael Jackson fans! Great performance!
5	Trying not to exaggerate here....but frankly, this is the greatest show I've ever seen.  Cirque, or otherwise.   Could not get over the production value, dancing, music, and special effects.  The MJ hologram was incredible. The timing of the dancers in response to the hologram and the fact that it lasts for almost the entire song was amazing.  I experienced the 2pac hologram at Coachella a few years ago...and while that was cool, it pales in comparison to what they did at "One."  The Billie Jean dancers were literally (not figuratively) moonwalking on the walls.  The intro screen before that song, where they show a collage of MJ performances was also great.  Sets the tone for the next scene.  Thriller scen was so dead-on accurate and really brought back that feeling you got when you first saw the video.  We sat front row and the dancers/zombies were literally all over us.  I can go on and on....but in essence, the beauty of "One" comes from its ability to capture all that was MJ's art. The skill, the precision, and the surreal nature of his music and performances are all here.  They are capped off with subtle messages that remind us of what MJ contributed to the art world and the scope of his talents.  Full disclosure, I love MJ's music and was a huge MJ fan growing up.  However, even if I wasn't, I believe I'd come away with the same feeling.  MJ would certainly be proud if he were able to see it.  Congratulations on an amazing production.   -PBC
5	I LOVE this show. I've seen four Cirque shows and this is my favorite. I'm in love with the show so much, I wish I could work there!I left the show in tears from the overwhelming joy I felt from being a Michael Jackson fan and seeing his work displayed in this manner. It's a true tribute to MJ that we can all be proud of. My only advice on a sour note, do not drink their frozen fruit liquor drink slushies.. I had the grape one and the liquor had "turned" from being spoiled. The show quality was outstanding, the dancers and performers were clean and crisp on their moves and acrobatics, and the costuming was fantastic. They literally played every single MJ song that I wanted to hear tonight:)) This show was well worth the price. Splurge;)
5	Amazing.  Amazing.  Amazing.  Been to other Cirque shows.  This is by far my favorite.  Felt really personal.  Loved every aspect of it.  A MUST SEE!
5	The show was awesome, the dancers were out of this world, holy smokes!!My favorite part was seeing the talented and rightfully respected Pole Dancer, Jenyne Butterfly! It was awesome to see her represent the Pole Fitness/Dance community in the way we see our sport! Great Job Cirque :)
5	This is long overdue review that I owed it to this show...one word "MESMERIZING!!!" I watched this show on 6/28/13 it happened to be my birthday and that was great coincidence. I loved from the beginning to the end. Out of all the Cirque Du Soleil shows that I watched (KA, O, and Love) this is my favorite of all. The only sad thing about was, I wish longer. Musics and the performances just put it together so well. Salute to all the performers for their excellent performances. Of course, this make you realized the King is dead but his spirit is still stronger than you could imagine. Worth every penny you spent!!! We miss you MJ!!!
5	Absolutely positively the best show that I have ever seen in my life!  Made you feel like Michael Jackson came back from the dead!  My only criticism is that I would have loved to see Remember The Time performed, but seeing Thriller performed live more than made up for it!!!
5	Outstanding show!!! One of the best shows in Vegas. It cost more than the other Vegas cirque shows but it was well worth it. Would love to watch it again. If you enjoyed the Beatles Love show, you'll love this show. The show was given a well deserved standing ovation at the end.
5	I'm a Fan, I sat in the next to cheapest seats - which made it more of a stage show than the immersion you experience at the Beatles LOVE show. Both are absolutely worth seeing (even if you have NEVER heard a Beatles Song). - on the MJ show if you are breaking the Bank anyways - go for the Best Seats - since the show loses something in the back half of the Theater.I would suggest seeing both shows. First the LOVE show (and look for discounts) and then wait until discounts eventually show up for the MJ One show. Do not get it confused with the several other shows that have MJ impersonators doing his music. Most discounts usually appear during the heat of summer or quirky weeks such as the week before Christmas..
5	One of the best Cirque shows to date!!! If you are an MJ fan this show will not disappoint. The hologram sequence was breathtaking. Too bad it happens at the back of the stage. There is a couple of forced lame comedy bits, but hey it's Cirque Du Soleil. I would pay full price to see this show again. Very family friendly.
5	Probably the best show I have ever seen live in Vegas. I will not spoil anything but what I will say is that it is definitely worth the price of admission. My wife even cried during the middle of the show. Pretty emotional, action packed, and exciting story telling. This is a must see!
5	Amazing show!! They did such a fabulous job of capturing the essence that was Michael Jackson. If you're going to see any show on the strip, then definitely see Michael Jackson One.
2	As a Cirque presented show I was highly disappointed. There was a major lack of stunting, acrobatics, and that cirque flair that I've come to love and expect. If the show was called "Whatever dance troop's tribute to Michael Jackson" then i would have thought it was great. The dancing was amazing and very fun to watch. The show to me, was a very entertaining dance put to a MJ song with a video of some sort in the background, no story.Compared to other cirque shows, this was a sad let down. I was hoping for more of a LOVE style performance, where the music told a story and the cirque magic carried it along.
5	GO. GO GO GO.I'm a big Cirque fan already, but I was completely blown away by this show. I think it's even topped Love for me.If you see one show in Vegas, make it this one.
5	I am not a giant Cirque Du Soleil fan or even a die hard MJ lover but went to this showand it was Awesome! I actually want to go see it again next trip.I was completely entertained and caught myself saying "wow" a few times during the show. The mix of music, dance, acrobatics, and technology was perfect. I think the crowd applauded like 4 times out loud during the show and left with a standing ovation. Seen a lot of Vegas shows...this is a 5 star one.
5	I'm not a huge Cirque fan and I think it's because of the Cirque overload we have in Vegas.  I've seen O, Zumanity, and Love...but have never been too impressed.  Quite frankly, it gets old.But Michael Jackson ONE is an exhilarating change!  I would see this show over and over again if I could!  My only complaint with the show is that I couldn't run on stage and "play" like the dancers look like their playing during their performance.  GO SEE IT!
4	Pro's: great music of course, slack line performers, LED & hologram scenes, acrobatics, gift shop, Thriller scene, Stranger in Moscow w/ pole dancingCon's: story line (what was up with those group of kids?!), repetitive slow parts that felt mashed together w/ pointless performances, the lead guitarists costume (wtf is that about)Overall we enjoyed the show but we just didn't feel MJ's presence like we did during the Michael Jackson Immortal world tour we caught in Chicago. I knew not to expect the same production but was hoping for the same "magic". Solid B rating
4	A lot of work was put into customizing the theatre for Cirque and it shows.The seating layout is reasonably good. There are no permanent physical obstructions so even the cheaper tickets can theoretically get a full view. But be warned, a relatively tall person sitting in front of you is enough to completely ruin your experience. I was seated midway (horizontally & vertically) in section 201 and the view of the stage looked pretty good until someone approximately 6 ft tall occupied the seat in front of me and blocked 50% of my view. Sitting straight up myself didn't help even though I was taller than the guy.I had read the synopsis of the show before watching it, but felt that from the show itself that it was not very clear what the story was. Without the synopsis I would be pretty lost, and even with knowledge of the storyline it still felt a bit random. The opening set was a bit too much but it gets better. Felt like the 3rd last act was the best and should have served as the finale as felt a bit anti-climatic after that.All in all, worth seeing. I preferred Beatles LOVE even though I am more of an MJ fan and don't quite care for the Beatles.
5	OHHH I ORIGINALLY POSTED ON THE WRONG LISTING LOL.. OOPSMy man took me here to perfectly end the most perfect birthday weekend ever ;]]]I will admit we were both a bit tired from the long day that we had but once we got inside of the theatre all tiredness went away.. maybe it was the rockin MJ vibe or maybe it was our extra large crown & diet but we were ready to rock & roll!!! Although there were some slow moments in the show there were more good moments than bad... I especially liked the routine with the extremely fit dancer on the pole (side note: why do I always like the stripper pole routines so much? haha) & the stripper pole wasn't even a regular pole it was like some crazy winding pole!!! Also I loved the guy who did the crazy stuff on the rope (probably the most typical "Cirque" performance of the night) & of course Thriller... how can you not like Thriller??? Our favorite by far though was the Billie Jean performance!!! Those light-up suits are amazing! They should perform that routine at EDC I bet all the kandi kids would love it too ;ppp By the final act, my boyfriend and pretty much the whole audience was up on their feet singing and dancing along to "Black or White" HAHA Yes, the show isn't completely filled with "OH $HIIIIIT" moments but it will have you reminiscing and singing MJ songs for days. Definitely very entertaining & enjoyable and this is coming from someone who was born in the 90's and is not a die-hard MJ fan! Also, I wish they did something with the song PYT :[ Question: Is the rocker who kind of looks like Lady Gaga really playing the electric guitar live??? If not I found him/her to be quite distracting during some acts... IDK..HOT TIP: all the seats are good because the theatre is not that big but I would recommend getting floor seats that are right by the aisles because they utilize the aisles a lot~
5	Wow what an amazing Cirque Show, I have seen quite a few Cirque shows at this point and this one was one was probably the most fun. There is not as many acrobatics as say Ka, but there are still a good amount. There is also a good amount of dancing in the show to the MJ music. A lot of visually great interpretations to the music as well, my favorite was Thriller where the cast is dressed as zombies and dancing in a grave yard setup. They also make great use of technology such as a hologram of Michael Jackson singing to Man In The Mirror. Also if you have seen Americas Got Talent the last few years you will see some elements from the show. Such as silhouette dancing, and being in the dark and the performers are lit up and the lights that switch on and off. This show has a little something for everyone, if you are a fan of MJ's music you will have a lot of fun, and if you are not that familiar with his music you probably will really enjoy it as well. The theatre is fairly small, so even if you have second level seating you will have a pretty good view of the show.
5	AWESOME SHOW!! I was at the edge of my seat for the whole performance. My only regret is not getting better seats this is a show that when I do again I will be splurging for sure. I sat second to last row in the center aisle. While I could still see and hear everything fine I would have like to get a closer look at the hologram that is worth the price of admission alone, its the coolest thing I have ever seen. All the dancer were all insync with MJ. Just Amazing!!!
5	First, let me start off by saying that I'm almost 100% sure the blond chick with the guitar is supposed to represent MJ's guitarist, Jennifer Batten. She toured with him in the 90s and also performed in the '93 Super Bowl with him. She's a badass. Second, the plot is basically these 4 kids becoming apart of MJ's world by putting on either his shoes, sunglasses, hat or glove. Kinda cheesy, but MJ was kinda cheesy ( in a good way ) LOL, so I was cool with it.For a huge MJ fan like myself, this show was everything I'd hoped it would be. Dancing pretty much dominates, of course, but when there was acrobatics my mind was blown. I was either dancing, on the edge of my seat, or on the verge of tears with emotion the whole time. I didn't want it to end! I'll definitely be seeing it again! :)
5	A stunning journey of sound, history, and legacy, Michael Jackson ONE certainly lives up to the expectations of diehard MJ fans. The music is authentic, the production is delicate, and the theme is a triumph. This is a must-see from Cirque du Soleil when you hit Vegas. The music is impeccable; every single sound comes from MJ and his work. Imagine MJ's original voice recording on IMAX quality output. It feels as if you were listening to him live. The theme is a triumph: extolling the king, embodiment of the immortal. This is shown by the arrangement: no one can singly represent the King. It is the culmination of the entire cast and audience that renders MJ's presence.  We are the same, we are ONE. The symbolism of MJ's glove, hat, and socks is empowering, because the objects represent the legacy that is visible to the eyes and tangible to the touch. I really love it.  You will notice the original dance moves are shown last in the choreography of each song. Instead of presenting a blatant imitation, the choreography gracefully conveys the message, "We want to dance like the King." Creativity and freshness dance on stage. Interestingly, there is also the element of rebuttal against the media. On the injustice of social media, I cannot empathize more with MJ. I was glad the show touches on that aspect of MJ's life. All I am trying to say is, if you love MJ, you will enjoy the show. On the down side, I was only half-impressed by the acrobatics. Some acts hit the plateau rather quickly as the movements become repetitive. Some lack the grace and difficulty. On a few occasions, you could tell the performers were trying too hard to match the beats. Some performances, such as stick fighting, are extraneous, while the over-presence of the popper and guitar player suggests a limited cast. In a nutshell, this is not fully a circus show, a concert, or a dance show. This is MJ. You are paying for the beautiful production. The level of details, the authenticity, the nuanced themes, and the empowering message give all the reasons to live through this hour-and-half of immortality with the King.
5	Just saw One last night and it was an amazing show.  Tickets were pricey, so I bought the 3 corner tickets for $75 each and the view was perfectly fine since the theater isn't too big.Don't want to spoil any surprises by talking about any specific scenes too much.  I'll just say its a really well thought out production and ode to MJ.  More focused on music and dancing than other Cirques, also more modern techniques and effects than other shows.  Cirque really showed an evolution in their vision and captured the spirit of Michael well.Only other "musical" Cirque I've seen is Beatles Love, which I liked, but like One a lot more.  Highly recommended!
1	I am a Las Vegas local and see several shows a  year.  I have seen many excellent shows - this is not one of them.  I was expecting a typical Cirque show - this was not a typical cirque show which would have been OK if the show was good - it wasn't.  Loud, flat, disjointed, I can't even come up with a word to describe this abomination.  All we could think is Michael has to be turning over in his grave and doing it with a lot more style than any of this shows dancers.  (The girl that does the pole dance is the one exception).  If you are a MJ fan DO NOT see this show - if you are not an MJ fan do not see this show.  This show was the most I ever paid to see a show and it was the flat out worst I have ever seen!!!
5	Such an amazing show! If you are a fan of MJ, you HAVE to see this show!! The music sounded amazing, loved the mash up of "Never Can Say Goodbye" and "Human Nature"! The dancing and choreography in the show really blew me away, it was like you were watching back up dancers from a real MJ show. If the show was just his music and dancing I would of been happy, but add in all the amazing Cirque performers and effects and you have a 5 star show!!!! GO SEE IT!
5	Cirque du Soleil's Michael Jackson One is a satisfying feat that evokes pure, unadulterated joy through the acrobatic troupe's performance accented by the state of the art design of the theatre combined with the  sheer genius of the sound design. The show is the rare incredibly ambitious concept which far surpasses what it sends out to accomplish, taking the audience into a collective lucid dream which transcends the mundane and rockets the viewer into another dimension. Imaginative, ambitious, ethereal, emotive and simply stunning, this show is among the most enjoyable experiences one will have the gift of having, whether in the Oasis of lights which is Las Vegas, or anywhere else.
5	Wow! Non-stop action from start to finish. Costumes, sets and emerging stages were wheeled out. Performers dangling above the audience and bouncing on hidden trampolines, dancers in trusses, incredible clear sound system, (not killing your eardrums) and creative lighting made the show fly by. Not the greatest soundtrack of MJ hits, but creatively managed with over 40 diminutive and muscular performers sweating it out for 90 minutes. How they do two shows a night is a mystery. Must go through lots of injuries and staff.
3	Could be better.  There are many other MJ's epic songs were not perform in the show.  Over all, a decent show; definitely could be better.  Since this is still a new show compare to majority of other popular shows in Vegas, there is alot of room to improve.
5	Incredible! I was reluctant to attend a Cirque show so late thinking it would make me sleepy, HOWEVER...I couldn't stop dancing in my seat! I have maybe 2 of MJ's songs on my iPad and was still singing along. This show opened a month and a half ago so no half price/discounted tickets here...so worth every cent! I can't wait to bring other people to see it. Lots of "oohs" and "aahs" from the crowd and the performers were very enthusiastic! Buy your ticket already and GO!
2	This should have been titled Michael Jackson in Purgatory. It was dark, sinister and depressing. The masks are evil looking, It is overdone with the same computer beat throughout most of the show. It needed a narrator to tell you what was going on. The political agenda was tiresome. It livened up a little at the end, so I gave it two stars instead of one.
5	My gf wanted to see this so I booked it online (will call), easy enough. We got the later show because it had better seat options. We got the lower level and aisle seats. Perfect, at one point the performers were right next to here dancing!! They do sell overpriced snacks (popcorn, candies and sodas) and drinks. My gf loved the show I thought it was pretty good. If you try to follow the story you'll get lost so just enjoy the music and performance. The only other Cirque du Soleil show we've been to was "O", and compared to that this show's acrobatics isn't as impressive. But it still is very entertaining.
5	Just GO! This show is Awesome.  You will not be disappointed.  This is a well thought of show and I already want to go back and see it again.  The ticket price to some may be steep, but it is well worth the cost. Just an heads up, the acrobatics aren't like other Cirque Du Soleil shows. This show focuses more on Michael's music and dancing, as it should.
5	Not the hugest Michael Jackson fan, but I do enjoy his music.  I must admit I was really impressed with the show! They did a lot of his major hits so everyone will recognize at least a few songs.  Then 4-5 that aren't as recognizable.  Overall a good mix.  The acrobatics and dancing are amazing.  Is it heavy on the acrobatics as say Ka, I didn't think so but that doesn't mean it isn't as impressive.  In fact I liked this a lot more.  It was fun to have a drink and sing a long and watch the insane talent on stage.  I would say if you have the time and money this is a show worth checking out. Our 6yo loved it and was grooving a long to the music throughout the show.  Overall a great night :)
4	Excellent show, very cool effect with MJ dancing through 'Man in the Mirror'. Recommend you check this out, but try to save some on ticket price if possible. The latest and greatest is also the most expensive.
5	You don't have to be an MJ fan to appreciate this spectacular and impressive show! It's astounding from start to finish, giving the audience a heartfelt ode to the genius and brilliant King of Pop. All the songs are re-mastered and the amazing acrobats & dancers especially the pole dancer during the Dirty Diana number were riveting and sensational! The sound system will surely blow you away! At one point, the audience including myself felt the emotional charge during the 'I'll Be There', 'Man in the Mirror' and 'Never Can Say Goodbye' pieces. The King of Pop has given the world so much, and at those moments we realize and appreciate the work and legacy of MJ. A standing ovation at the end of the show lasted for a good 10 minutes and I wished I could see it all over again!  We bought tickets for $160 each but it was well-worth every minute of it whether you are a die-hard MJ fan or one who simply appreciate the pure value of music and its ability to transport us to an amazing world of dance and hope for art, imagination, & love & peace!  You'll love it! Check it out at Vegas!
5	Best show I have ever seen. A must see for Mike Jackson fans.
4	During our last stay in Vegas, we came to see ONE.  I loved Michael Jackson (the performer) and always loved his music.  Since I had purchased our tickets before the show opened (advance purchase via M Life) we had great seats.The theater is well designed for a good visual from all angles.  All the seats have speakers directly in the headrest.All of the music was fantastic.  Of course, it's MJ after all!  Some of the cirque acts were excellent (especially the poll dancer with zero body fat of solid woman)!  The only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 is for the dance choreography.  As with most kids who danced and imitated MJ videos for fun or school shows, I know some of the choreography by hart.  I wish they had done it well enough for me not to feel that I could do it better, all these years later.  The dancers were good but if they don't know the moves, it's not their fault.From my understanding, the show is still being tweaked.  Although one thing bothered me about the show, it was still entertaining.  For most of us that loved MJ, it was a bit emotional at some points of the show and everyone stood up to dance at the end of the show.If you like MJ's music, you will enjoy the show.
5	Hands Down The Most Enjoyable Cirque Experience EVER!!!If you're a fan of MJ and all his amazing work, this show is a Must See!From the very start of the show to the very end, the performers had the audience engaged with hands clapping and toes tappin' Honestly, even if you have two left feet, you will feel compelled to get up and dance! The vibe of the entire show is lighthearted yet thoughtful to MJ's extensive body of work. It embodied the best of MJ and his dedication to music, children and equality.  I truly enjoyed this show on so many levels and I'm not even a huge MJ fan.Now, be warned, if you're a Cirque Du Soleil purist looking for the obligatory acrobats this show may not be for you. However, if you love a high energy, creative and unique experience, "One" will not disappoint! I guarantee you will leave the show feeling gooooood!Happy Times!
5	Absolutely outstanding!  We've seen almost every Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas except Zarkana (it's so new) and Criss Angel's Believe (based on poor reviews). Michael Jackson ONE has all the elements wrapped up into one amazing package. With speakers in each seat, the music sounds and feels like you are at an MJ concert (and I've been to a few of those myself). The dancing is spectacular -- with all the signature MJ moves and then some new ones added. The acrobatics are on par with all the other Cirque shows we've seen. I don't want to detail too much and spoil the fun and surprises for other people.  Suffice to say that my first words to my husband after the show were . . . "I'd like to hide in the bathroom until the next show and grab any empty seat to see it again!"  MJ was the consummate performer . . . this tribute and legacy show stays true to MJ and provides the stupendous Cirque experience all wrapped into ONE!
2	No Dancing Allowed!!My wife and I went to the show as part of our wedding anniversary this past July.  We love MJ and were SUPER excited about the show.  My wife tried to make sure we had aisle seats so we could get up and dance...it is MJ, afterall.  Unfortunately we got stuck on the other end of the row, penned in like livestokck.As soon as the show started we began dancing in our seats and not 5 minutes later, did the couple behind us tell us we were blocking their view...sorry guys!!My wife kept on groovin and waiving her arms around when an usher in MJ regalia came by and told us we had to stop obstucting the view for others, as we were keeping them from enjoying the show.  BOOO!!I kept my arms down, and my wife tried to.  After about 20 minutes of seat dancing (not even standing up, mind you) ANOTHER usher came in, dressed in a suit- so it was the next level of security, really guys?!He told us we were disturbing others, ruining their experience, blah. blah...my wife snapped back and told him they were ruining OUR experience. I informed him that we were told to keep ou arms down, and we were complying.  What did he want us to do?  He mumbled something and went away.I looked around and noticed that NO ONE in the audience was chair dancing, not even a head nod to the music.  What?! Maybe it was because it was the "Early" show. 7:30 pmNeedless to say, it killed the experience. So make sure you get tickets to the later show if you wanna dance in your seat.  Is there a fun people show?  Can i go to the show with all the brown people that enjoy dancing please? maybe there's a dancing section?!
5	Fantastic show, run to see, the music makes the show.  Not a bad seat in the joint.  A must see show.  A feast for the eyes and ears simple impressive!  Don't miss it.
3	Well okay, it wasn't as bad as I thought, but I mean still, really? I have to ask, what is the point of this show? The celebration of ego-maniacism? If so, then fine, "One" is the perfect title for this show, or perhaps "Me" would've been better, as Katherine Hepburn titled her autobiography. But to hold it as a reference to that generic "We're all one" quote that they clip on at the end doesn't really work here. It's okay that the show celebrates persona, but throwing paraphernalia around--glove, shoes, hat, glasses--it's all just too showy for it to work even in the vein of absurdity.Warping the universe of Michael Jackson--as they announce just as the show starts--is not what happens here. If they really went all the way down that path, then it could work, perhaps. But no, they keep with some principles of the Cirque du Soleil show and they romanticize the material into (mostly) dialogue-free scenes of movement and sets, some of which work wonderfully, especially a silhouetted pantomime dance to "Earth Song". Where it all falters is when they try to fit this melange into this "One" theme. It's got good performances and good effects, too. Like I said, I liked a lot of it. Craft-wise, it's actually really good. It just doesn't come together after that. In summing it all up with all my sense of theory, I just find whatever message it may be trying to put out rendered incoherent as well as unfulfilled.
5	Awesome awesome show!!I had a BLAST watching the MJ One show! To be honest, I really didn't know what I was expecting when I got tickets to this show. The BF was super apprehensive thinking it was like a fake MJ performing a show or something. If you're expecting a full on Cirque du Soleil show with tricks and flips and what not, don't  expect it from this show. I suggest going to another show like Le Reve or Mystere. The MJ One show is more like a tribute show featuring all of Michael Jackson's top hits with great choreography and a little bit of Cirque performing acts. Everything was spectacular. The music, the performance, the tricks, I enjoyed it so much that I was on my feet by the end of the show. I don't want too spoil it too much but the lights on this show are AMAZZZING! Even the jaded BF loved it!I really liked how they really kept true to MJs choreography, music, and his videos. The show did such a great job of integrating his famous moves and songs into the show that it didn't seem overplayed out. Expect a high energy and really LOUD show!!If you're a big MJ fan like me, trust me and go watch this show. You'll be moving in your seat while singing along to the songs the entire time! One of the coolest shows I've seen in Vegas so far!!!
4	Very entertaining show!I would have given the show 5 stars, but I had to remove 1 star away because the show is WAY TOO LOUD. The bass is cranked up to max in this theater. And this is coming from someone who is into edm and attends a fair amount of edm festivals each year.There is more dancing in this show than most cirque shows. They add a bit of the cirque element to each act, but don't expect to see a Michael Jackson version of Mystere on stage. The theater was completely packed when I went to see the show. I would recommend sitting towards the center and as close to the stage as you want to spend. This show is not cheap and there are no discounts available at the moment like many of the other cirque shows playing in Las Vegas.
5	What an amazing show!!!  I love Michael Jackson...that being said, the show was spectacular...so many special effects, great music and talented performers.Love the holograms and very cool technical effects...someone must have been on something when they created this show....The scene with the MJ hologram got me really choked up....so sad to not have him around anymore....We got really good seats $170 each...but it was worth it...to be in the center of the show...we saw everything...love it!
5	I love, love, love this show! This is probably my favorite Cirque du Soleil show out of the three shows I've seen (other shows I've seen are Zumanity and Ka).If you love Michael Jackson and great choreography, you'll definitely enjoy this production! It was 90 minutes of non-stop MJ hits, so make sure you empty out your tank before getting seated because there is no intermission. You really wouldn't want to miss any part of the show. If you have a small bladder, skip the drinks until the end.Michael Jackson ONE doesn't have that many crazy acrobatics compared to the other Cirque shows as it's mostly choreography, but that is the reason why I love it even more. I've always wanted to watch a show where it's mostly dancing, and this was pretty much what I've been waiting for! Besides, it only makes sense that the format of the show is like that since Michael Jackson songs are meant to be danced. I also like the little storyline that they've incorporated in the show. I thought it was really cute. They also played some of his old music videos in the show that I'll always find entertaining even though it was by itself. Everything about it was just amazing. There were parts of the show also where it'll tug some of your emotional strings and touch your heart. I gotta admit that I got pretty teary eyed in certain parts of the show. You just realize even more how Michael Jackson made such an impact on everyone and changed music. No one can be as great or can even come close to the King of Pop!This show was probably the only show where I wish I wasn't sitting so close to the stage. We were seated in the middle section two rows away from the stage, and it was pretty difficult to see everything that was going on. But I really didn't mind and still enjoyed the show since it was pretty cool to see the dancers up close. We also hit a minor complication with ticketing and seating, but the ushers handled it pretty well. But yea, the next time we'll definitely try to get seats a little farther away from the stage :3. It'll be hard not to at least bob your head while you're in your seat. I'm not sure what's with some of the low ratings here on Yelp (no clowns during the show, really?). Everyone had great energy and put on a great show that a standing ovation was only right. I love how they transitioned to every act so seamlessly. The audio sounded amazing, and the dancers really captured the essence of Michael Jackson.I can't wait to see this show again! If you're an MJ fan, this show is a MUST!
3	I guess you really have to be a Michael Fan in order to endure this program. I got through it, however "Rock With Me" was the last Jackson song, I really liked, after that he went very weird?
5	We were there Saturday night  (Aug 31) and this by far is the best show ever. Not only is it musically perfect, but emotional, inspirational, and motivational. I actually cried at one point where it showed Michael singing "I'll be there." It was non-stop music and dancing. Our seats were further up, but it was perfect, because we were able to view the whole stage, and see the acrobats coming and going from the stage up top. The hologram was amazing and looked so real. I honestly could not keep still, I was either rocking back and forth in my seat, moving my feet, or nodding my head to the music. My 6 year old daughter loves Michael and she loved it. Entertaining from beginning to end. I can't say enough good things about it. Go see it if you haven't.
5	Usually Cirque Du Soleli shows are bunch of acrobatics and tricks. This one stands out. It is a nice mix between acrobatics, entertainment and remembering Michael Jackson. Awesome show.
5	This show is unbelievable!! Man in the mirror is amazing! Best $ I've spent in Vegas so far. If you are a fan it's a must see.
5	If you love Michael Jackson and Cirque du Soleil, just buy tickets online right away, and come see the show. Best ever interpretation of MJ 's music and essence. The surround sound system is phenomenal is this theatre, as I've "rediscovered" his songs!!
5	Absolutely phenomenal!!!! I was mesmerized by every single performance. Don't listen to ANYONE on here who says otherwise. How is it possible to bitch about this show??? The production and the choreography was mind blowing. Seriously, it was candy to my eyes and ears. What an incredible tribute to the King of Pop!!! GO SEE IT!!!!
5	One of the best Cirque/Franco Dragone shows I've seen on the Strip, and I've seen all except Zumanity, Zarkana, and Mystere.Whether or not you're an MJ fan, prepare to be spellbound. I truly feel that ONE was successfully able to capture a part of MJ's soul and execute it in visual and audio form. There were moments where it felt like Michael's ghost was there. See it. It's worth the $$$$. I cried...twice.
5	I Wanna Rock With You (All Night)Dance You Into Day (Sunlight)I Wanna Rock With You (All Night)We're Gonna Rock The Night Away at...CIRQUE MICHAEL JACKSON ONE! - Michael Jackson (rock with you)This is definitely the most popular Cirque show right now in Vegas. I guess they weren't kidding when they said that this show consistently sells out; it was packed even during the 9:30 showing.It's loud, it's fun, embodies the spirit of MJ...don't want to spoil anything but this is the ONE show to watch!A quick heads up after the show: the taxi line will get crowded fast so either haul your butt (good luck with high heels) or chill around for a bit for the crowd to settle.
1	Horrible!  Singer was off key. Only one person throughout the entire production could moonwalk. Guitarist should not be out for every number which was distracting. Gymnasts are not dancers. Please hire dancers for this kind of show. Thriller was so boring and pathetic. I was expecting the bigger hits to have some dance element, but the show was boring and dry. This was jusy pathetic. Holograms of MJ dancing himself got the biggest round of applause.  Sad
5	A Michael Jackson tribute show put on by Cirque du Soleil, it represents his name and legacy in a highly regarded manner.The show plays all of Michael's famous hits, even a couple numbers from the Jackson 5 that began his legacy as the King of Pop. Since it is a Cirque du Soleil show, every song has choreography with some of Michael's famous dance moves and some sort of circus act element such as acrobatics and jumping trampolines with a modern twist. The song sequence is well thought out and does highlight the scandals and tragedy in Jackson's life, but the show definitely honors his music more than anything. The end of the show ties everything in his life together and makes the show even more amazing.I highly recommend this show to all Jackson fans and those who are inspired by his music, one of the best Cirque shows in Las Vegas!
4	Was a great show powered by great music.  Definitely gets your blood flowing and body moving.  Enjoyed all the choreography, especially the light suits.  Minor annoyances were the strobe and spotlights that shine into the audience, some were really intense in the eyes during parts of the show.  Other would be late arrivers.  Was seated in a row with 2x different groups of folks coming in late.Other than those minor items, loved the show and we all left with smiles on our faces!
1	WOW, I can't believe all the 5 star reviews of this show.  It was the weakest Cirque show I have ever seen and I have been going to their shows since the 80's.  We had just seen LOVE the night before and I was expecting the usual Cirque acts, but this seemed more like a MJ concert!  If you are a MJ fan and can't get enough old concert videos, fine, but to call this a Cirque du Soleil show was bunk!To begin with, what's with the guitar lady, Michael was never know for his guitar, this was out of place and yet, was a major theme in the show ???  Also, the actual acts were out of timing, the jugglers were dropping the hats, come on, no practice?? Also, some of the more obscure songs from MJ's catalog did not fit and dropped the mood of the show. As someone else noted, many videos to watch, but with no act going on, did not seem like a CDS show.NOT WORTH THE MONEY OR THE TIME!!!!!!!!!!!
4	This was really good, I just don't know how I feel about continuing to exploit someone even after they have passed.
5	Absolutely loved the show! The performers were amazing, choreography & music compilation excellent and such a wonderful tribute - it truly embodied the spirit of Michael Jackson. The Cirque performers really did an incredible job emulating MJ's famous dance moves incorporating acrobatics & trampoline choreography. Loved the lighted suits!  Truly one of the best shows I've seen. The only disappointing aspect was those arriving late and blocking the view ~ with so much going on you didn't want to miss a single aspect.
5	Make the MJ "One" show part of your Vegas experience!  It was hands down the highlight of my 4 days there.*Arrive at least 30 minutes before showtime to take photos in front of the life-size dancing Michaels, visit the gift shop, and buy themed cocktails and snacks.  I love how everyone from the bartenders to the ushers were dressed in the military-inspired Michael outfits!!  :)  *There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  We had tickets toward the back of the bottom section, and close to an aisle: TRY to get tickets close to an aisle, especially if you have a child with you!!  The dancers, trapeze artists, etc. use the aisle a lot and will interact with you. There was a little girl in our aisle and I was jealous at all the attention she got.  GRRRR *As a Super-fan, I appreciated that they incorporated lesser-known MJ songs.  Awesome.  They also mashed up several songs together which sounded great!  Highlight for me was Strangers in Moscow.. and Smile!  Not a lot of people know this, but it was Michael's favorite song and he recorded it live with an orchestra, first take.  "Smile, though your heart is aching.. smile, even though it's breaking.."*However, I sat next to people who weren't super-fans and they still danced in their seats.  The music is just that good!  Plus, the performances of the Cirque troop were phenomenal.  The blonde girl playing electric guitar was fantastic, we all know Michael used a blonde on his tours...  The show got a standing ovation at the end from everyone."If this town is just an apple, then let me take a bite" - MJ, Human Nature.  Take a bite of the Vegas apple and go see this show.
5	I was moved to tears....This is not as much a Cirque show as a tight warm hug of Michael Jackson & the immense talent he shared with the world.  Another Yelper mentioned it felt like a variety show, and I agree.  The most amazing variety tribute to MJ and his vast music catalog.I cried like a baby twice!  The words, and emotion of the music combined with the imagery and his too soon passing makes me very sad every time I think about it, or hear his music.If you are a fan of Michael and/or his music, you with NOT be disappointed.  The performers are masters at what they do.  The special effects are cutting edge and the sets are amazing.  It felt like we were part of an amazing music video.  Here are my tips:*If you can get an aisle seat, there is a lot of action there*Make sure you use the potty before and get a double at the bar, no intermissions*There are cup holders to stash your drinks directly in front of you*If you want to see crazy human feats, this show is not for you* We had the first 6 seats in the last row of section 102 based upon suggestions by another Yelper.  I can honestly say those seats are amazing!There is so much going on in the show that I didn't want it to end, and would gladly go again to see what I missed!
5	so for those who low rated the show...here's the thing when you watch this show you have to have an open mind its a 50/50 deal ive seen the show and loved it. a lot of you ask about the guitarist he always had a female guitarist which only shows how much you know about Michael Jackson another who is about the main characters each characters goes through their own transition showing how he inspired people. another this if your gonna go to this show here are some tips*GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE THE SHOW STARTS*GET YOUR SNACKS AT THE BAR (IT GETS LONG)*YOU CAN TAKE PICTURES BEFORE THE SHOW BUT THE USHERS TELL YOU NO PHOTOS DURING THE SHOW *BE CAREFUL WHEN GETTING UP. SOME GUY ALMOST GOT HIT BY AN ARTIST *ALSO PEOPLE THIS IS A SHOW NOT A CONCERT SO SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP AND ENJOY THE SHOW DONT GET KICKED OUT AFTER YOU SPENT MONEY AND WANTED TO ACT DUMB YOU RUIN THE SHOW FOR EVERYONE ELSE.you can tell their was a lot of thought has gone into this show so just because you read a few bad reviews or someone you know tells you don't go you need to find out on your own i really hope this helps with some of those questions
5	I've seen this show twice in 10 months. It's that good! The first time, we had 3rd row seats and we ended up with neck pain and we kept missing performers dangling from the ceiling a few rows back. The second time we were in row R which was perfect - we saw everything. Jamone! Hee hee! They made a few minor changes since the first time I've seen "One".I've also seen "Michael Jackson Immortal" which is a bit similar but not really. Some songs were the same - of course his biggest hits were in both shows. I'm an MJ fan before he became white."I'm gonna make a change for once in my life." I might have to edit/update all my Cirque du Soleil reviews. I've seen Ka, Zumanity, Beatles LOVE, O, Zarkana, etc. and I've ranked them in a previous review. This is now my 2nd favorite CdS show...LOVE is still my fave."The way you make me feel. You really turn me on." Lights, music, costume, set, illusion/ visual effects, choreography, acrobatics and snow  ("Stranger in Moscow"). This show has it all. Compared to all CdS shows, this has more dancing/ choreography than acrobatics. I hate to say it's "mind-blowing"...that sounds painful!Highlights of the show include "Dirty Diana"(...girl with abs - HOOOO!!!), "Human Nature", "Billie Jean", "Thriller", "They Don't Care About Us" and "Black or White". The MJ hologram was incredible."Beat it beat it beat it! Just beat it!"...if you don't like MJ or this show. Because Michael, "I just can't stop loving you." You'll be dancing (or at least tapping your foot, snapping your fingers and bobbing your head) and singing while watching the show.  I guess the only thing I'm not too happy about was that "Ben" was not included in the show...that's one of my faves but it's a sad song and probably would not fit anywhere in the show.
5	I have wanted to see this CDS Show since it came out, and finally got to see it on 10/07/2013! I absolutely loved everything about this show, especially that it was more dance based. It still did have the great acrobatics and everything else that CDS is known for. One of my most favorite parts of the show had to be the hologram and I loved the dancer that wears the black sparkly outfit. His moves are so fluid and effortless.I don't think that there is a bad seat in the theater as we had seats in literally the last row, but got moved up closer and I could see everything fine from both locations. I think the only thing that I didn't like is that they have "paparazzi" take your picture and it shows up on the big screen in tabloids. I really didn't enjoy seeing such a bad picture of myself show up there over and over and over again. If I would have known my picture was going to be taken and put up on a screen, then I probably would have been fine with it. It is cool that they have MJ's crystal socks on display as well a few other pieces of memorabilia.
5	Very good show with a lot of amazing performers. The acrobatics and special effects were amazing. It is a very loud show but also very enjoyable even if you aren't a huge Michael fan. I would recommend it to any music lover, great show!
5	THIS is the type of show you want to see when you go to Las Vegas!!  Anyone who grew up in the 70's - 90's and knows MJ's music will absolutely LOVE this performance.  I was literally dancing and singing along in my seat.  My entire group had a wonderful time and could not stop talking about what an incredible performance it was.  I still have Michael Jackson songs in my head day later and I would go back to see this show again.
5	Loved this show.  It was a Michael Jackson fan's dream.  Just be warned that it's different than the other Cirque shows: a little more about dancing and a little bit less about crazy acrobatics.  But I found it to be incredibly entertaining and I didn't mind that it was a bit different than I was expecting.  Some VERY talented dancers!  Awesome.
5	First and foremost I am not a Michael Jackson  fan.  Having said that this show was fantastic!Between the zombies in the aisles to the hologram of MJ signing it was a great show.Starts with photographers taking your pictures in the lobby.Price was a little high $180 for me.  But still a great 90 minute show.
5	Awesome show and it exceeded my expectations. You can really feel Michael's energy throughout the venue. The costumes, performers and music are SUPERB.  A must see!!!
3	Truthfully I almost fell asleep.I'm not sure if it was the huge Bacchanalia buffet I just had at Caesar's or from just being tired after a long night out or if I'm just not really a fan of Michael Jackson -- but this show was making me get some serious ZZzzzs!There were certain song scenes that instantly made we wake up (or was that just when I forced myself to take big gulps from my ice water?) Also one of my favorite songs "You are not alone" barely had any play time. And finally, a lot of the dance sequences I feel like I've seen on TV already - so it wasn't anything new.Overall just average for a cirque show.
5	Went to a 7pm show with one of my girls for our lady's night and we were definitely in awe the whole time. If you're a Michael Jackson fan, this is the show in Vegas to go to.It was slightly different from the other Cirque shows, not as much acrobatics but still a good amount. It had a story line that was easy to follow, lots of lights, tv projections, cool costumes, special effects and of course the infamous moon walk!! I was expecting a little more for the "Thriller" ensemble but it was still definitely better than anything I could pull off haha. My favorite was their dance for "smooth criminal" and there is also a  really cool part with the dancers lined in neon lights. I heard some people near me saying that they were expecting more of a main Michael Jackson impersonator, so this is not the show if you want something like that. Overall, I loved this show and if you enjoy Cirque De Soliel as much as I do, I'm sure you'll love it too :)
5	My husband and I were in Vegas recently and when I heard this show had opened, I knew we had to go (I'm a huge MJ fan). We went on a Monday evening to the 7 pm show. Ordering tickets online was easy and I was able to get us front seats on the aisle. Aisle seats in the lower section is the best way to see this show! The dancers come into the aisle so you can see the amazing costumes and makeup up close. Since we were in the front row, we got to see everything so clearly and at the end of the show got to high-five most of the performers. The show has great dancing, the amazing Cirque tricks everyone goes to these shows to see and awe at, and all the Michael Jackson hits you want to hear. The hologram MJ is awesome, but my favorite part of the show is the finale with "Black and White". I was literally dancing on my way out of the theater.For MJ fans, and even non-fans, I highly recommend this show. It was the highlight of my Vegas trip!
5	Hands down, this was the best Cirque show I have ever seen, and I've seen my fair share. Stop reading reviews and just go buy tickets. Like most shows, there was lots of acrobatics, people hanging on wires from the ceiling, and a woman who sings randomly. However, there are some great dance moves and a guy who can bend his body in a way that would cause extreme pain for anyone else.The highlights were Billy Jean (guys in lit up suits!), Thriller (zombies!), and Man in the Mirror (they danced with a hologram of the real MJ!). Dirty Diana was fun too. It starred a woman who should win an award as the World's Best Pole Dancer. And I mean that in a very good way. :) Seriously, stop reading this already. I cannot adequately describe the awesomeness that this show was. Go buy tickets! Now! Go!
5	OMFG. We loved it so much! Non stop action, surprises, MUSIC! There was one particular segment that really melts  even the coldest of heart which was one of my favorites. There is really isn't a single part that was more better than the other. There's just no words. Just go get your ticket and watch this amazing show!
5	I'm telling you right now everyone needs to see this show!Doesn't matter if you're a fan of Michael or not. If you are a Cirque fanatic or this is your first time. Heck, as long as you still have a pulse, get your butt there!Now I am a little biased because yes, I am a Michael fan and this was only my 3rd Cirque show, aside from Zumanity and Immortal. If you have seen Immortal, immediately wipe that from your mind, because MJONE is nothing like it. While Immortal is more like a concert, MJONE is a story: four misfits navigate their way through a wondrous world with Michael's music and message as the guide. I won't give much away but there was definitely some highlights: Billie Jean with guys in light up suits, Dirty Diana and one naughty dancer, and Man In the Mirror brought the house down. Brilliant. The show does what I thought was impossible: interpret Michael's music into something so glorious, so wonderful, that it is out of this world. By the time the show ended, everyone was out of their seats and dancing! The man next to me who was in a wheelchair took every once of strength he had to give a standing ovation. Another woman was crying saying this is the most fun she's ever had. People left the show singing his songs and smiles on their faces. And at the end of the day isn't that what it's all about?
5	This is the best show, you will ever see in your life. PERIOD. From beginning to end, it is simply amazing. If you're an 80's baby like myself, you will want to clap and get your dance on, like you did in the mirror back in the days!  I mean, who didn't try time and time again to do the moonwalk, the lean like in smooth criminal, or the routine from Thriller?!  I loved this show so much!! I'm not going to spoil it for anyone, but my girl and I were in awe, even after the show was over. Just go see it!  And don't get sticker shocked...the price is well worth it. You won't be disappointed.
5	AMAZING SHOW! Phenomenal! I loved it! Best show I have ever seen in my life. I hope to see it again one day. It was the highlight of my Vegas trip!
5	I am not a fan of cirque shows or MJ, but this show really blew me away.  It was exciting, entertaining, amazing, I could go on and on about this show.  Grab a ticket, it is worth every dollar.  This is the only show that I have seen on the Vegas strip where I was truly moved.  I can now say this is the BEST show on the Las Vegas strip.
5	Awesome show with great energy. If you are a fan of Michael's music you will love it. I went to KA the night after and enjoyed this show much more. The hologram of Michael was crazy good too!!
5	Amazing show!  I'd see it again in a heart beat.  Fantastic dancers with an amazing sound system and some great visual effects.  This may beat LOVE for me and I'm a huge Beatles fan.Seat advice:  Definitely get seats in the lower section. This theater is more like a traditional theater and it was really fun seeing the moonwalk from a few rows back.As Cirque shows go this one actually seems to have a plot line. Four dysfunctional teens  build confidence in themselves and use MJs clothing for the powers of good. Captain EO meets the Breakfast Club.
5	I can't begin to express how much I loved this show.I have seen almost every Cirque Du Soleil show in Vegas and I am a Michael Jackson fan.I was thinking I would like it if it plays his music, BUT they way outdid my expectations.Every scene felt like "ok I'm happy now," but they outdid it every time.They nailed Thriller and Smooth Criminal!I definitely have to watch this show one more time.-- Spoiler Alert --The show plays ALL of Michael Jackson's hits with parts of his music video playing in the background while dancers try their best. There is a part where snow comes down for a whileThere is a guitarist solo every now and then like MJ's live showsThere is a shadow show using Michael Jackson projection and actor shadows (it's really good)There is a part where all goes dark and all you see are LEDs on the dancers (VERY COOL) There is an asian girl beating up virtual speakers?? (don't ask)There is a super strong pole dancer (Watch the end when she goes up, she's not human)Hologram MJ!  That's all.. At the end, they try to get the audience involved and dancing
5	Wow, this was a very good show!  I'm all Cirque'd du Soleiled out, so I was dreading this show.  But it was very unCirque and even if I wasn't the biggest fan of Michael Jackson, I managed to really appreciate his contribution to pop culture and the music world.  It's quite pricey and there's no available discounts since it's so new, but even weeks later after receiving my credit card bill, I was still glad I went.
5	I admittedly went in with super lofty expectations as each ticket was $170!  Well,  the show exceeded my expectations.  It was absolutely fantastic!  The seats around virtually the whole theater were really good.  The only complaint I would give is that Cirque Du Soleil really needs to enforce people being on time.  They are making so much money, they really should hold the line and say:  "If you are late, no entry."  People are rude for being late.  It is up to Cirque to lock them out and let others enjoy uninterrupted
4	I've seen about 10 Cirque shows in town and I must say, this was THE BEST show I've seen so far. Im also not a huge Jackson fan so for me to rate this show a 4 says a lot. There were a lot of thoughts and creativity put into just this one show. The only thing I did not understand was the guitar lady. She was extremely annoying and out of place. Well done Cirque Du Soleil.
5	Saw the show with my wife Nov 2013. It was great. I recommend an aisle seat because the performers will be going up and down the aisles. The whole show from start to finish was entertaining and well done. We had some crazy lady behind us that sang every song and in between talked incessantly, we asked her a couple of times to please be quit and she was oblivious. That is not the theaters fault though. Even with that we enjoyed the show which says a lot in itself.
5	I loved it. I was riveted the entire time and actually wish it had been longer. And I tend to think all the shows are too long.My seat was in the very last row, but I still had a great view of everything. In fact, I wouldn't advise sitting any closer than the halfway point or you'll miss some of the portions that involve coming down from the ceiling.There wasn't really any clips, photos, or songs used that aren't already widely known. The songs were kinda like a greatest hits list with several of the "new" songs from the History album (Stranger in Moscow, They Don't Care About Us, etc.).It was an excellent mix of acrobatics and dance. And there were lots of neat visuals and cool effects. I do wish some of the dance sequences had been more complex, but they were still good.I would go back again and see it right now. I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it. Now, of course, it probably helps that I'm a casual MJ fan. I'm not sure my parents, for example, would particularly enjoy the show. But as far as I'm concerned, it's a definite go-see and 5 stars.
4	Really interesting show from the CDS company. I'm not the biggest MJ fan but we definitely enjoyed this show. There was a good mix of music, dance, and stunts. I can't say I understood everything that they were trying to express from the acts but it did seem like they captured MJ's spirit, his prolific music, and the hectic sideshow of the paparazzi in his life well. It was nice how photographers visited us at our seats before the show and took our pix for purchase later. Definitely don't remember this from other Cirque shows. The light effects were pretty grand during this show so be prepared if you have sensitive eyes.
5	Anyone who doesn't give this show Five Stars does not LOVE Michael Jackson.  Okay, you may LOVE him for Four Stars. Others may like him, enjoy him, but don't love him.  No spoilers will come from me here.I will say that I was on the edge of my seat the entire show, in awe.  I laughed, I cried, I danced, it was an experience.  It ended and I wanted so much more.Just enough Cirque, but so much MJ.  Tips, sit on an aisle, the back row of the front  floor level or the front row of the Balcony.  Be on time, they start on time, and you may have to wait to a pause in the action to be seated.  There's no intermission, pee before, you don't want to miss a beat.Next time I'm in Vegas I will be back because this was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen.
5	The show was massive and enjoyable. They bring the show down the isle, close to the audience. The theater is beautiful and the seats are wide and comfortable. I'd you are in Vegas a must see show.
5	This was an incredible show.  The music of Michael Jackson presented with a Cirque du Soleil touch.  The energy flowed throughout the show and contained all the amazing features that you come to expect from Cirque du Soleil.  If you were a fan of the King of Pop, you'll enjoy the show.  We were able to enjoy the entire show, since our seats were dead center.
5	Live theater is dear to me since my high school/colleges days in the theater arts department.I have seen live theater in Sacramento, San Francisco,  NYC, London  and Las Vegas.The Beatles Love and last night's Michael Jackson show are worth the airfare and hotel costs to LV. Average tickets are about $70. a person compared to NYC average $200. a head price . No major time zone problems and plenty of good places to eat for all income levels.The MJ show is so good it makes me cry at the thought of our world's loss of this special artist and the energy he gave us to want to dance and sing like we use a long, long time ago.
5	Well...this was an expensive night out, but definitely worth the experience.  While it didn't seem as "cirque-y" as you'd expect from Cirque du Soleil, it packs a massive hit of visual overload that will have you captivated with your jaw dropped throughout the entire performance.  Each "act" incorporates something new and the whole thing weaves together quite nicely.  I can bore you with my favorite highlights, but I would just be repeating everyone else's comments here.  If you can make, I strongly recommend sitting away from the stage a bit as much of the visual experience incorporates a broad view of the entire set and some of the performances stretch out into the audience.  Oh...the music is pretty good too!
5	Awesome.From start to finish, this was the best Cirque I've seen and a GREAT tribute to an incredible man and musician.No spoilers from me.  There are surprises throughout.  Totally worth it.We sat in the fourth row, not the best seats because you couldn't take in the whole show.  I constantly had to turn.  Would have been ideal to be in the middle section about half-way back.Go and be inspired.
4	A great tribute to Michael.  I think it's a tribute first and on that alone, it's a great show (if you are a fan, which I am).  If you are not a fan and don't love the music, this is not the show for you.  There was one incredible dancer that stole the show by effortlessly moon-walking all over the stage--truly incredible.  I could have watched him dance all night.  The acrobats were definitely talented, however, I can't help but think that I've seen better gymnastic feats at other cirque shows.  There is no criticism here, it's just my humble opinion.  My only request to the producers:  please play Billie Jean in it's entirety.  She's just a girl that claims that I am the ONE....
2	I completely agree with 1 star review below.  If you are looking for Cirque du Solei show, this is not for you.  There is NOTHING from what you'd expect to see from Cirque du Solei. The music is great, the dancing is good.I'd say one/two acts are memorable, the rest feels like "so you think you can dance" show.
4	Great must see show. I won't spoil but there is a song almost made me tear up. This alone is worth the money!! Some songs I wasn't so sure about (maybe a misread Michael's true message!?).  Also four kids was a slightly annoying and I felt that they were trying so hard to connect with MJ's songs. Anyway, you won't be sorry! Go see this show!!
4	A better than average show.  I was bored by half of it and enjoyed the other half of it.  There were 4 or 5 things in this show that were well done and got my attention.  I hated the cheesy part with the 4 kids.  It's best not to sit up close since some of the show takes place overhead and up the aisles.  Parking sucks at Mandalay Bay...UGH.  Get there 2 hours early to hope to find a parking spot.  The gift store was crap.  The concession dude wouldn't give a souvenir cup without a mixed drink in it...are you kidding me?   Mirage did with LOVE.
4	This tribute to Michael Jackson was so well done - music, dancing, choreography were all exceptional. We had seats in house left and I would go center section next time a bit farther back. There is so much to see that you cannot possibly take it all in - so choose your seats carefully. I have seen other Cirque shows and believe that the acrobatic portion has been a bit better elsewhere. But you can't beat the surprises, the dancing, and the music here at Mandalay Bay with Michael Jackson.
1	The show - MJ One is in the Mandalay Hotel - which is fantastic.  But the show falls short of the brilliance that was Michael Jackson. It consisted of only Dance numbers to Recorded Music.  All of the numbers were nothing we haven't seen before - with the exception of one that featured trampolines. The trampoline number was pretty impressive. That leaves the audience.  People - when you attend a show that cost near over a $100 a ticket - please behave.  There was one idiot sitting in front of us yelling profanities, talking loud, hassling the people ( mostly females) in front him and generally disturbing the rest of us - he wore a baseball cap in the show and his friends who were egging him on - called him "Nacho" wtf??  His girlfriend thought he was cool - but he was a total embarrassment.   Everyone paid the high cost of a ticket and if you are the only ones out of thousands in attendance - standing to dance, yelling and screaming, loud whistling, talking loud, kicking and bumping the seats in front of you and acting like you are the only one there - have a heart attack!!! And get a clue!!  Which of these things ( people) are not like the others.  There were young kids, senior aged people, and the rest of us polite people trying to enjoy the show- have some consideration you morons!!!
5	I must admit that I'm a massive Cirque du Soleil fan, and I've seen almost all of their shows in Las Vegas. I can safely say that this was by far my favorite out of the 5 or 6 that I had previously seen. It doesn't hurt that I'm a huge Michael Jackson fan, but the creativity and innovation that went into this show is unparalleled, even by Cirque standards.I obviously won't go into detail to avoid spoiling anything, but I will say that you will continually be saying "that was the best part of the show" over and over. I seriously thought that it couldn't get better at multiple times during the performance, but I was proven wrong time and time again. Please go see this show. I would strongly recommend sitting in the middle of the arena about halfway up so that you have a full view of everything going on around the stage and not just on it. If you have ever been to a Cirque show you will know that the performance isn't restricted to the actual stage, and this show was no exception. Seriously, go see this show!
4	I was skeptical about going to see a MJ show. But this show was pretty amazing. The dancers on stage really make you want to dance. The acrobats were fabulous twirling around from the air and jumping down and bouncing back u to their podiums. The costumes were very decorative and there really wasn't any time to be bored at this show.
5	I love all things Cirque du Soleil but this is my absolute favorite! I love Michael Jackson and they did a fantastic job in bringing these two worlds together! I was moved to tears-I actually cried watching this show. It's beautiful, fun, emotional- His music combined with the amazing choreography of dancers, gymnasts, everything - just awesome! I don't want to spoil it but you have to see it! This is a definite must see show!
5	I only come to yelp to actually read reviews on stores or things that I need to know before I purchase or visit prior.   So as my normal routine before purchasing a show ticket in las vegas for my trip, I had to do some reviews on this show since I was very interested to watch this show as a big MJ fan but at the same time didn't wanted to waste money on a $150+ show ticket. OMG the show is worth every penny me and my bf had our mouth opened the whole 90 min of the show.  even after the show, we were so so impressed with the show we were so glad we did get to watch the show.now, as for the seating like many other reviewers had mentioned, you don't need to purchase the front tickets since the theater itself is pretty small size and you can enjoy and see all the moves from every angle. we sat at pretty much the last 2 rows from the stage and we could see everything. so people save money and just get the cheapest seats. if anything if you do get the closest seat from the stage your neck will hurt. after the show me and my bf became more of a big fan of MJ and feels so sad that he isn't alive. he is truly a legend. and the dancers are really hands down the best dance  / performers!
5	Best show I have seen in my entire life!!!  Hands down!!!  What a tribute to Michael Jackson and the legacy he left. His talent was an absolute gift to the world and continues to be to this day. Words can't describe how unbelievable this show is. It's a must see
1	lasted maybe ten minutes.  It was worse than amateur night at the high school.  Completely unfocused, zero artistry, just a loud hodgepodge of crap.  All we could think was 'have the Jacksons seen this?"  Poor Michael. He deserves much better.  So do his kids.  A disgrace.  tacky.
5	Oh my.  I'm lost for words to describe this show.  It was beautiful, and I loved every minute of it.  I used to be a HUGE Michael fan, I went to Dangerous tour back in '92 and '93 in Japan and also his 25 year reunion live in NY in '01.  Also, I love Cirque du Soleil -  my hubby and I enjoyed O, Ka, Zumanity, Love, and Mystere.  (O is still my favorite among those.)  So it might be only natural that I loved it so much.If you think Michael is cool, and know his songs from his peak days like my husband, you'll enjoy the show, but probably not as much as I did.  The first thing I asked my hubby after the show was "Did YOU enjoy it?"  And his answer was "Yeah, but probably not as much as you did.  It was good though!"One thing to note is that they did more recent songs that not many people are familiar with.  One of the songs that they did so beautifully and made me actually teared up was "Stranger in Moscow", but I don't think my hubby even heard of that song before.   I don't think "They don't care about us" or "Scream" has the same impact as "Billy Jean" or "Thriller" to some people.  But like I said, if you are a fan, you will be amazed by what Cirque du Soleil did with his legacy.  I'm always amazed by Cirque du Soleil, but this time, it was magical.
5	This is an amazing tribute to an amazing artist! I want to download the MJ music now! An expensive show but definitely worth the money to get prime seats.  Sit in the first row of the second level as its interactive and this way you don't miss a thing! I am not a cirque fan, they didn't even tell me it was cirque based before I came but I didn't fall asleep in this cirque (like i have 3 of the 4 others I have seen) and I was quite entertained. They put on a show like MJ himself would have! Thriller and Man in the Mirror were my favorites performed but all of it was fantastic! Audience was entralled and the effects were wonderful! Lots of dancing and special effects compared to acrobatics which was nice!  My only question is: when did they start serving popcorn and M&M's during show productions?!?!?!?! You can tell the performers enjoyed themselves and the costume design and backstage people did a great job. Great team effort by all! Definitely 5 stars!
5	This was an incredible show! We had seats way in the back, and the show still didn't disappoint... song after song, the show got better as it progressed! The effects are awesome and the performers are top notch and on par with all of the other Cirque shows around town.I think MJ would have approved of this show...
2	We were so excited to see this show.    Having never seen a bad Cirque performance, and having such a love for MJ's music and image... we couldn't see how it could go wrong.What an absolute waste of time and money.The Michael Jackson video slot machines capture his image and legacy in a more honest way.    Quite honestly, it's terrible.  It starts off great.  The theatre is stunning.   The ushers are dressed in faux-MJ getups.  The paparazi hound you with flash photography.    It's an excellent way of building anticipation.   Then the show starts, and you're transported back to high-school talent show.   That's what it feels like.    Soul-less dance and silly interludes all set to stock audio and video samples of Michael Jackson.     It had the metaphorical effect of Propofol and quite literally soothed me to sleep.   It's different than the excellent Cirque show "Love" on the Beatles in that it doesn't really incorporate much of the popular circus/ cirque elements like acrobatics or humor.    ONE is to Cirque Du Soleil as Softball is to Major League Baseball.     At least it gave them an excuse to sell these $30 shiny light up gloves.    Never again.
5	I've seen quite a lot of cirque shows now and this one was just amazing. The music alone was incredible. Performers were very talented. This is a must do when in Vegas!!
5	I was so totally blown away with this show from the moment we walked into the show room and we had great seats. I didn't know what to expect and was so thrilled that it was not a show with a impersonator! The show room, music, sets and cast were incredible and grabbed my attention from the first beat of Michael Jackson's music! So many songs were played that I had not heard in a long time, I actually had tears flowing through some of the memories they brought. This show is a must see if you have the opportunity. My son & I loved it and I hope to see it again in the future! "Fabulous"
5	As a Vegas local I have seen many strip shows, including all the Cirque more than once. This is by far the BEST SHOW in LV Period. Nothing even comes close. I will go as far as saying it was one of my best life experiences. Left us in a state of total awe.  Tip: Dont sit close to the front...the further back the better. Massive stage.
5	We were lucky enough to get free tickets to this show.  We had incredible seats and had an even better view.  Parking at Mandalay Bay wasn't a problem in the garage.  Just a small walk to get inside the casino itself and, off to find the One Theater.  After going the wrong way at first we finally gather our bearings and start moving in the right way.  We finally get to the theater, stand in line to check in, head upstairs to get to our seats and settle in for the show.After a few minutes of being there the lights go down and the show starts. From start to finish we were thoroughly entertained.  From music to dancing it was non stop entertainment.  Not a dull moment or lag in the show.  Aerial acrobatics, trampoline and balance work, hologram Michael and a fantastic guitarist were just the highlights for me.The show made me want to revisit my MJ collection.  Great performance and highly reccommended.
2	Having seen all the other Cirque shows in Vegas many of them multiple times. I was excited to go see this show. I purchased one ticket online for $108 and went to pick it at the box office. When i got into the show they moved from the $108 section to the $150 so it was off to a good start. The theater was beautiful the sound of music was coming from all over. Great sound systemThen the show started and it got worse it was like watching one big Jackson music video with hardly any Cirque acts just dancers. The four characters they used to try to tell some of story where not that talented the two girls skills where juggling a hat and the other girl was some kind of kung fu action scene with a stick? not very entertaining at all. And to make matters worse the show broke down for about 15 minutes while they turned on the house lights and told us to stay put... To sum it up there was nothing new there. no refreshing acts I dont think Cirque had a lot of control of it and the Jackson family must have some influence.   I give it 2 starts because the sets the lighting and the sound where great
5	My nephew wanted to see this show and boy oh boy I'm glad he did as it is a five star all the way show.  Right from the start, it is non stop action.  The changing of the stage, to the awesome sound ( there is speakers right in the rear of the headrest to give it another level ) system, to acrobatic and dance performers is great.  We got to hear songs when MJ was just a kid.  I guess he really never did grow up and that is what made him special.  If he were alive to see this show, I think he would be happy.  I still feel excited just thinking about the show and I wont go into details as I would want you all to be surprised.  The show is called "ONE" as it is the one to see for sure!
4	Love the music.Love the entertainer.Didn't love the performance.Michael Jackson One reminded me how much I love Michael Jackson music and also reminded me how much I miss the entertainer that he was.This Cirque du Soleil show was still very good ... less because of the "story" or "acts" and more for the pure joy, inspiration, and energy hearing Michael Jackson songs brings. Actually the story of 4 misfits searching for the white glove, shoes, hat, and sunglasses of MJ was downright silly. I really didn't care for Shy or Clumsy (the other two are called Sneaky and Smarty Pants). Less of them and more of the music could of made Michael Jackson One a 5-star experience truly worthy of the $155/ticket (plus additional Ticketmaster fees).A few highlights: * A hologram of Michael Jackson dancing to "Man in the Mirror" was like watching a cool movie of Michael up close.  * The "Bad" performance brings back memories of break dancing ... * "Billie Jean" features dancers in multicolored lit suits and acrobats around the theater. * "Thriller" filled with trampolines and zombies was ok. * More than once, the show shares messages of hope and equality ... especially during "They Don't Care About Us." * "Smooth Criminal" may of been my favorite ... because I love the song and the "lean"Some of the songs were: - Beat It - Leave Me Alone - Bad - Smooth Criminal - I'll Be There - Human Nature - Jam - They Don't Care About Us - Earth Song - Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' - The Way You Make Me Feel - Dangerous - Dirty Diana - Workin' Day and Night - Billie Jean - Thriller- I Just Can't Stop Loving You - Man in the Mirror - Can You Feel It - Black or White - Don't Stop 'til You Get EnoughThose are some memorable tunes ... Forget about all the distractions and story.       Go for your love of the music.       Go for your love of the entertainer.       Remember how much you miss Michael Jackson.
5	I attended one of the rehearsal shows for $30 and was pleased to find out that all rehearsal show proceeds go to the Cirque charity. It's simply amazing that show staff and performers of this caliber go out of their way to do this, as they are donating their time for charity as well. I saw the first iteration of the Michael Jackson show a few years ago and I admit, I could understand why it had to be reworked. The first MJ show design was meant for the TRUE MJ fan - someone who knows his deep catalog, and one that has some degree of understanding when it comes to Michael's fears, concerns, and joys. It wasn't full of his hits, but included deeper cuts. I found that show to be truthful, raw, and unique to any Cirque show (and I've seen a lot). However, I can also understand why it didn't have commercial appeal.Because of that, I was pleased to find that this one was able to celebrate Michael in a fun way, but without cutting too much of the deeper stuff out. I had a lot of fun and you absolutely CANNOT beat how astounding the audio is. The live band and guitarist (you cannot help but love her) were breathtaking and it was impossible not to dance in your seat. Would I pay full price for this show? Absolutely. Loved it, and as a huge Cirque fan, I would go back again.
1	This was awful!!! I can't believe we spent $180.00 a piece! Grrrr! I have seen better high school performances!!! Seriously! This will not be in town long! Don't waste your time/money!!! The best part about this New Years 2014 Day performance was being with my husband and the popcorn at the show!!!!
5	I love Cirque shows and was not sure what to expect from this one but wow - wow - wow.  At one point when there is a holographic figure of Michael Jackson singing Man in the Mirror - I openly wept - not just a few tears.  It was so moving.  I felt like I had actually seen him in concert.It starts out really really loud but hang in there with it - it just keeps getting better and better.  I'd see it again next year!
5	This show is worth the trip to Vegas! Especially if you love Micheal Jackson music. The performances were exciting and energetic. The music gave me chills. A hologram of Micheal Jackson makes it seem like he is there. It was my favorite show in Vegas.
4	I'm a fan of Michael Jackson, like most people, but mainly for nostalgic reasons! We had tickets booked for this show on NYE for about 4 months. It was really great! We had great seats in the middle of the theatre, slightly to the left. The lighting was amazing, great choice of tunes and the performers were incredible. Well worth the money and great with a few drinks!
4	I want to give this 5 stars because I love it so much but I reserve that for when I have absolutely no complaints. So that's where I will start. My first complaint is not about the misfits themselves because I know every cirque has a humor factor. My complaint is about overuse of them. Once a song starts and you have an awesome performer on stage you need to immediately remove the misfit. They are distracting and it takes away  focus from the performers that are working their tails off onstage and when those performers are up there working hard I think the focus should  be on them. There are also a few spots in the show that are slow and some that seem not to have been thought out so well, and some spots that are just way too busy and could use an overhaul. So now for everything else. I absolutely loved the rest of the show. I was even surprised to hear a few songs I didn't know. They do include all of his big hits and the visuals in each of those is amazing. My favorites were Billie Jean, Dirty Diana, Smooth Criminal and my overall favorite Thriller, after all who wouldn't enjoy seeing a zombie up close in their face! If you don't want that be sure not to get an aisle seat. The paparazzi did not bother me, I thought it was a fun element even when one got in the seat behind me then leaned over me and snapped my pic. My friend and I could not stop laughing. The sound in the theater was so amazing that in one scene where there is a fire you can hear the fire crackling in your ears. I brought a frozen drink in with me planning to sip it throughout the show but it was just a melted cup of sugar water at the end because I was so enthralled that I completely forgot I had the drink. I didn't want to miss a thing. Oh and as for the reviewers that say it is all dance and no cirque, what show were you watching? From the first big number beat it, all the way to the end there were quite a few elements of cirque. Dancers do not do acrobatics, tumbling, juggling, or aerial silks. Cirque is also about displaying the strength and limits of the human body and dirty Diana alone did that along with a few other numbers. I am excited to go back and see this. I know a few reviews also say "I'm a Michael Jackson fan........... Hated it" well what I have to say is I am a fan and I think that these cirque designers did a great job with this show. They had the tough task of competing with one of the greatest performers ever to have lived and taking his work and creating live visuals for it knowing very well what they were up against with his performances. What I got out of most of it was someone took a lot of pride in putting this show together and put a lot of love of the artist into this. My friend and I joked if we lived in Vegas we'd see this weekly. Don't go with the expectation to see a Michael Jackson concert. Go to see an amazing visual sensory experience set to the music of Michael Jackson.
5	I could not wait to see Michael Jackson One, it sure did not disappoint.I have saw almost every other Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas and rate One at the top.You have great music (duh) speakers in every seat, great costume and a fast pace show, with dancing off the charts.When Michael came out as a hologram, if you did not know he was dead, you thought he was in front of you dancing. It was the high point of the show.I can't wait to see it again.They sure got it right.
5	We loved the Michael Jackson One show! The Cirque du Soleil performers are the very best and I enjoyed watching their acrobatics and dancing. The glee-style cast & sing alongs were not for me, but I love Michael Jacksons music so it was enjoyable enough. I wouldn't suggest going if you don't like thriller, there was an abundance of Thriller in the show...All in All a good show,
4	I really enjoyed the show, but the part that escaped me was the storyline behind the four main characters in the show.  It lacked something substantive to make it transformative and worth the price of admission (~$175 per person).  Maybe I had high expectations for what could be done with MJs full life history and body of work.  I can say if you genuinely love Michaels music and you add in the amazing tumbling, trampolines, and wire work it is worth seeing MJ One.  I look forward to comparing it to other Cirque shows on our next return to Las Vegas.
5	Spectacular show!!  If you are used to the Cirque shows, this one doesn't have quite as much of the acrobatics but certainly more dancing...which certainly fits the theme.  There are some cool effects, including the hologram, lighted costumes, etc numbers.  The show highlights the very positive qualities Michael Jackson embraced and tried to convey (with none of the controversial stuff), which was surprisingly emotional, inspiring and nostalgic. Strange as it sounds, it really felt like he was alive and part of the show! Truly bittersweet.   Our seats were pretty high up there and were good enough, so I'm pretty sure there's no bad seats.
5	Wow.  Even the entrance of the show feels really nice to walk through. The large photos of MJ.  The elevators have awesome frog jacket closure details.  However, the staff at the entrance... One had long hair with the circle glasses, hat, and trench coat. Reminded me more of Boy George lol. I am so happy I had the opportunity to watch this show!  I CRIED!  I realize now if I saw Michael actually perform I would have been a lunatic fan sobbing hysterically. I actually seen IMMORTAL and I was highly disappointed. This show turned that feeling around!   The costumes were really great.  The choreography felt Michael Jackson with just the right touch of cirque.  The soundtrack was a great compilation of my favorites. I love the choreography and tricks on the tight ropes. Can't wait to watch this again!
2	Lame storyline, Chinese acrobatics, a hodge-podge of spectacles. Truly sideshow-worthy acts and add the music of MJ. Put all of it together in random order and wait for the finale, then you'll see what a messy tribute this turned out to be. LOVE at the Mirage was the only other Cirque show I've seen and that blew this show away. Like pros v. amateurs. For real.
5	The Best!I did not have the opportunity to watch Michael Jackson Live. The show is so good; you feel like he is there. Michael Jackson was very important in my life (yes I am a TRUE fan), so I had high expectations for this event. It met my expectations. Impeccable performances, with superior dancers. The show is full of surprises and if you are a Michael Jackson fan, this show will make you teary eyed. I appreciate that they left Michael's performance intact and did not alter or 'modernize' the MJ concept. I recommend this show. I will go again. It was a magical experience
4	Pretty close to 5 stars, but they didn't play one of my MJ faves "Rock With You." Nonetheless, it is one of the best Cirque shows I've seen so far. Having been a Michael Jackson fan since I was a kid (owned Thriller on vinyl!), I knew I wanted to see this show. I had heard they had a previous Cirque show but never had a chance to watch it. So during our recent trip to Vegas, my boyfriend bought us tickets as a birthday present to me. We bought seats in Section 203, smack dab in the middle (and therefore middle in price), but most every seat in the house was amazing, including the ones in the very back.I must be honest - it's got great Cirque type acrobatic but I was more focused on the dancing and tribute to Michael himself. I literally was dancing in my seat the entire time. From Billie Jean to Thriller to Bad to Beat It, I was transported back to my youth and loved every second. I read somewhere that each seat has 3 speakers in them, so the music blasted loud throughout the theater (maybe too loud for some sensitive ears.) My favorite part had to be Man In The Mirror, which brought a few tears to my eyes since it made me realize how much musical/dance talent was lost when Michael passed. If you are a Michael Jackson fan, it is definitely a show to check out!
5	While not your typical cirque, still an amazing show! If you're looking for the crazy aerobatics, another show like O at the Bellagio might be better. However if you love the music, amazing dancing, crazy lights and effects then you'll love it!And as amazing as the dancers are - when they're dancing with MJ - you know he's the king!
5	This is an A-M-A-Z-I-N-G show! There is not one minute you will wonder what time it is. Everything about it is engaging. We took out 10-year old. He dressed in his "Smooth Criminal" attire and it was nice that the ushers engaged him as they"got it" as only a true MJ aficionado would. It was a Big Fun Night and I highly recommend it. It is very loud so be prepared for that. The first 5 mns are extremely loud.... The. It's just loud.
1	0 stars! Show turned off 5 min in! Worst Vegas show experience ever! So disappointed. May never book another Vegas show again. Thanks for nothing Mandalay Bay
5	I summarize this in short:  Every element of artistry is explored...music, lights, dancing, acrobatics, acrobatic pole dancing, arial stunts, gymnastics, screen dancing, and even light show costumes.  This show had it all.  In an arena of many cirque shows, and I've seen 8 this is the best all around show I have seen. Everyone was on there feet at the end.  MUST GO!!
5	Outstanding show!  We've seen many Vegas Cirque shows so far (KA, O, Zarkana, Love, Elvis, Zumanity, and Mystere) and can easily say this is top two.  I grew up during MJ's Thriller period, and fondly remember Beat It, Billie Jean, and all the cool MTV and VH1 videos.  The beauty of this show is that you don't need to be a fan or be familiar with MJ to enjoy the show.  It's a balance of music that ranges from heart pounding to mellow and soulful.  They have some innovative dance routines, some excellent choreography, and innovative use if lights, costumes, and technology.  They even weave in an interesting mini story with some Narnia-like subplot involving magical artifacts associated with MJ.  Yes they have relatively less stunts than other Cirque shows, but if you combine all the elements you will be amazed and inspired, as MJ did throughout his life and in his legacy.Note you can't yet get tickets at Half Price tickets - so I got them by iphone at Vegas.com in same day for the 930pm show in section 205, which gave a real good view near center stage.  At $150/pp or so it was definitely with every penny.
5	By far THE best Cirque Du Soleil show ever! I have seen plenty of shows and I would definitely recommend this one, whether your  a fan or not you will still love it! I will return and see it again (standing ovation)
4	Good show to watch, but I wouldn't pay to see it again.  If you like listening to Michael Jackson's music...and watching Cirque performers do what is to be expected from a Cirque show, then this show is a must see.  Don't get me wrong...it was a good show, but not good enough to pay to see it again.
5	This is the best Cirque show in Vegas. What makes it the best is they truly channel Michael Jackson. The theater, performance, authenticity...there's been a lot of thought and effort in the choreography. Go see this show...
2	My family and I attended Michael Jackson One and all left feeling very disappointed.  We are all advent MJ fans and huge Cirque du Soleil fans so we all entered the theater very excited.  Unfortunately this show did not live up to either Michael Jackson or Cirque du Soleil's reputations.  It was very unpolished and seemed thrown together haphazardly.  There was no transitions between songs, the "kids" that got the special powers from Michael's iconic items were hokey and annoying, dancers were not all on time together, and the list goes on.  On top of that I counted at least 5 very noticeable errors and mistakes, more than I have seen in all the other Cirque shows combined!  Lights on dancers were out of sync and color and one poor guys lights never even turned on.  I appreciate their thought and willingness to experiment with lights and technology but from Cirque I expect flawlessness.   My family and I have never walked out of a Cirque show with any other feelings besides awe, wonder, and feeling good.  This show we all walked out with mixed feelings.  There were definitely some highlights the trampolines, the hologram, guys in black and white suits, the slack line, thriller, the rope climber, and pole dancer.  But unfortunately we were all left feeling let down and like they could do so much more with this show.   Cirque, you're better than this.
4	If you're a fan of Michael Jackson then this is a must-see if you're in Vegas. As with all Cirque du Soleil shows, you're going to pay a pretty penny for the ticket but it's definitely worth it. I don't want to give away highlights of the show (as many reviewers have *side eye*) but it provided many high energy moments as well as some that were more subdued in sensuality or reflection. At one point, I actually teared up thinking about how much more of a career may have been ahead for MJ (I'm so sensitive). This was one of the best experiences my BF could have provided for me in Vegas and I absolutely recommend it to others.
5	This is the best Cirque show I have ever seen. I have seen it twice already and I would see it again in a heartbeat. Amazing choreography and dance sets. You will be dancing in your seat for sure. When the show is nearing the end, you don't want it to be over. Tickets can be expensive because it is a Cirque show but it is well worth it. You will hear all of his hits and watch as his songs are transformed into a performance like you have never seen.Whether you are a local or visiting Vegas from out of town you should do yourself a favor and see this show at least once. You will be glad you did!
5	SO GOOD! Was not expecting such an awesome show! First my favorite was "smooth criminal" then "billie jean" then "thriller" and they just kept getting better I lost track! I have seen almost all of the circ shows and this one was awesome. If you need a feel good time this show will make you feel great! My only negative was that we were second row so we missed some stuff that happened above and behind us. Dont sit at the front!
5	Michael Jackson ONE by Cirque du Soleil at Mandalay Bay is such a good show.  I saw it tonight and it was even better than I expected.  This coming from someone who has never really been too interested in Michael Jacksons work.The show was really amazing from top to bottom.  I don't have any real complaints besides we sat 2nd row from the stage which might have been a bit too close to take it all in. The show lasted 90 minutes but definitely did not drag on. The 90 minutes went by fast.  Great production!
5	Oh my goodness this was an incredible show!!!  I've seen a few others and I like that they are all different.  If you're not a MJ fan you will love it.....if you are, prepared to be blown away.  Everything about it was fantastic: the story, the mesmerizing performers and of-course, the music.  I think the guitarist is the girl that was supposed to be on tour with him.  So worth seeing!!  One thing I would do is book the seats in row AA (thats double-A).  The auditorium isn't angled steep enough so it was a little hard to see the stage over the head in front of me, and she wasn't that tall.  Any seat in row AA will be what I book for the next time......and there will be a next time!  Thank you Cirque du Soleil!
5	I am not MJ's biggest fan, but I did enjoy some of his stuff. I did always appreciate how BIG and well done everything that he was involved with was. This was my first Cirque show, so picking this one, I thought, was risky. But I loved most of it. There were a few acts that I am still trying to figure out how they did it. There is one huge surprise that was awesome and I am not going to spoil. But really there are four or five things that were insane surprises. The trampoline act was the highlight for me. Impossible!! The things I didn't like really like were few. The main story line was a little goofy and not really needed. MJ's music and videos can stand on there own. Also, there is a constant assault on the bad PR that MJ got. While I hate the liberal sensational press and think MJ got a lot of raw deals, there were some things that, lets face it, would be better off forgotten. I doubt anyone there needed to be reminded of how to celebrate the good parts of MJ's life. We get it. And oh yeah, the sound system!! I think my guts are still rumbling from Billie Jean! Try to sit in the center section, half way up on the aisle. Enjoy!!!!
5	One of the best shows I have ever seen! I was entertained throughout the entire show and I found a new appreciation for Michael Jackson! It is definitely worth every penny!
5	This show was absolutely amazing!!! I nearly cried twice! It reminded me of how much I miss Michael as a entertainer. We were lucky enough to moved from the very last row to the lower level (I think because the show didn't sell out, it being a late Sunday night) but ether way I would say it was worth every penny. I also love that had a little of everything for everyone... acrobats, singing, dancing, even a few magic tricks. I highly  recommend seeing this show.
5	Incredibly entertaining show from start to finish and a worthy tribute to one of the best performers to ever grace the stage. This is one of those shows that you'll leave fully satisfied and if you were ever a fan of MJ and his ability as an entertainer, it's hard not to walk away feeling emotional. Great music, dancing and acrobatics along with the style and creativity that comes with a Cirque show. Easily one of the best shows I've seen. Like other reviewers have said, I would suggest sitting further back in the center of the theater. We were 4 rows back from the stage and it was hard to catch everything happening around us. Regardless, the show was the highlight of our trip and I would highly recommend it.
5	Truly the best of the Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas. The show was awe inspiring not only for the acrobatics, but for the dancers, light show and graphics on various screens. And of course, Michael Jackson's music. At one point, Michael Jackson shows up to dance with the rest of the performers via hologram.
3	While the show was entertaining... it didn't live up to cirque's reputation...but I could deal with that as I still had a good time. My one major complaint: I bought tickets for me and my boyfriend's anniversary because we are huge fans of MJ...and for $350 I shouldn't of had to lean into my boyfriend's (or the stranger to my left) lap in order to see the stage. Our seats were on the lower level in the middle of the theater (the most expensive seats which at any event whether it be a show, concert, or sporting event usually means the best seats). The seating is not staggered so if I sat straight in my seat all I could see was the back of the man's head in front of me. My boyfriend is 6'6" and also had trouble seeing over the woman in front of him. My back actually hurts due to sitting in a weird position for two hours. As for the show itself, I did really enjoy it... my opinion is the same as the majority of the other reviews. My advice: go see this show! But beware of your seat location. Sit in the less expensive upper level,  or sit in the lower level on either side of the theater. Your back will thank you in the morning!
4	definitely for the MJ fan. i myself liked his music but wasn't obsessed or anything. 2 other guests i went with were on the same boat while my boyfriend could care less. well... we all ended up leaving TOTALLY feeling the MJ vibe. from the point you get your ticket to the point you get your souvenir at the gift store, you just keep feeling like he's all around you. you feel like he's still present there with you.the music is great, the virtually covered all his top songs and little snippets of almost what felt like everything else. the performance was definitely entertaining. lots of stuff going on... my favorite part was when the whole theater went black except for their suits!!!  the show was about 1.5hrs & was a totally fun show but if you're looking for super crazy acrobatics i think there are a few other cirque shows that are better. this felt almost like a concert/rave. a lot to focus on but entertaining. just not the regular cirque skill that i'm used to experiencing for the same high price.definitely for the MJ fan, not so much the cirque show fan
5	I met MJ once and went to Neverland Ranch several times with my high school classmates at boarding school between 1995 and 2000. Now that you're jumping to conclusions, believe me when I say that nothing fishy or questionable ever happened to myself or any of the other students who were fortunate enough to be invited to visit his ranch. Michael was an extremely generous individual who only wanted to grasp onto childhood as long as possible while the world around him tried to pry and intrude into his personal life and home constantly. He was extremely shy when we met him. So much so that shaking his frail hand felt like you were shaking air because it retreated so quickly from the grasp. He sang Happy Birthday to one of my classmates before leaving for other things, but none of us will ever forget the many generous invitations to his home (Most times he wasn't even there, but he still invited all of the local schools in the area to go to his home and play like it was their own regardless.) That being said - I LOVED this show! I have seen a few Cirque shows, including Love featuring the Beatles music, and this is by far my favorite and the only one I would pay to see again. The music was upbeat much of the time, encouraging viewers to dance in their seats and clap along, the dancing was perfect with many moves taken from the infamous music videos, and then certain scenes were absolutely mesmerizing and put you at a peace that was both heavy and comforting at once. In the second or third scene, it literally snows in the whole theater. it was one of the most beautiful things I've experienced. (I'm from Tucson where we don't have snow usually.)The show tells two stories throughout: The first is about Michael Jackson, his beginnings, where he went, and how we remember him now. The second is about a group of kids who come upon a treasure trove of Michael, 'The Legend's,' things - glove, shoes/socks, sunglasses, hat - and throughout the show the kids attempt to utilize the pieces while being attacked and chased by creepy robo-type characters who want to steal the magic away. In the end, each of the four kid characters manages to put on their respective MJ garment and it allows them to reach their full potential, ranging from martial art style 'fight the system' dancing to a glove that literally controls the show. Apart from the four main characters, there is one solo dancer who appears to be double jointed in the shoulder department, and he does an excellent job recreating MJ's iconic moves and incorporating things that will twist your mind around as you watch.The only part that seemed a bit odd was a golden guitar/bass player female character who appeared during certain songs to pretend she's playing the bass. It didn't seem at all necessary to have her in the show and it didn't make sense to anyone in my group. Nonetheless, still visually rich.Some highlights - The ending sequence during Smooth Criminal when the gymnasts get shot to the ground theatrically, the quiet scene where the moon sings and it begins to snow in the auditorium, the powerful imagery utilized during "They Don't Care About Us" - It may make you cry but it may also give you some much needed but often under-appreciated perspective of the world, Thriller when the zombies dance right next to visitors in the aisles, the athletic pole dancing during Dirty Diana, etc etc.Songs you may love and recognize from the show: Billie Jean, Thriller, Dirty Diana, Smooth Criminal, Beat It, Man in the Mirror, You Are Not Alone, They Don't Care About Us, Black or White, Bad, Earth Song, Don't Stop Till you Get Enough, Wanna Be Starting Something, The Way You Make Me Feel, Smile, I'll Be There....All in all - I walked out happy after being glued in my seat with eyes wide and a smile on my face the entire time. I would see it again and I would recommend it to my friends.
5	By far the best Cirque show I've seen.  I even saw it twice!  The effects are stunning, the dancing and acrobatics obviously are very impressive.  But it brought back so many happy memories with all the wonderful music.Even if you don't know much about MJ, you will feel the magic, I promise.WOW, ultra wow.  Do not miss this. Please notice that I've seen 4 other Cirques (maybe more), this one made me feel the best.
4	great show, awesome outfits, overall a great experience. Some drawbacks include the overall presentation which requires some detail. the staff was friendly and the performance was spot on, of course the music was also. Being seated and leaving the theater were the biggest drawbacks.
5	I was waiting to see if going to see MJ for the second time would be as good as the first. I got free tickets the first go round and sat five rows from the front. The second time was out of my own pocket and we were further back towards the middle. The former visit gave me a great view of all the details in the costumes and stage, but my head was constantly moving to get a better view of all the action going above and around me. The latter gave me a stable line of sight, but I couldn't make out some of the more intricate aspects.Overall it was a fantastic show. It is a mixture of his most popular #1's and some of the more mellow songs. The movement between was flawless and the show was just as good the second time around. It is definitely a show worth seeing while in Vegas.
5	I saw the show for the 2nd time on Saturday March 22.  Section 101, Row Q, Seats 14&15 are EXCELLENT!  Believe me when I say you will be surprised sitting here!  The view is terrific!  This is the most amazing show!  The music & performances are stunning!  I cried the first time, and the second....I am a 53 YO male and I am not ashamed to say it's a very moving tribute, and expose of the man, and one of the greatest performers of our time.
4	Don't want to give too much detail to spoil the fun but this show is a definitely must see! Especially if you are an MJ fan...but it really is a good show for all ages! Yes, some Vegas shows are inappropriate for the innocent but The ONE is a show you can definitely take the kiddos! The show was packed even for a Monday night, and although the tickets kind of pricey it is well worth it. We sat in Section 204 row MM which were decent seats, not the cheapest or the most expensive but you want to sit in the middle sections like we did to get a good effect. The Mandalay Bay theatre compares similar to the other theaters I've seen shows at and the only disappointment of this show was the lack of acrobatic,crazy, flying contractions I've seen for other Cirqu De Soleil shows. However, the dancing, lighting, and choreography make up for it! I cried at a pretty emotional part of the show and if you see it you will know which part that was. This production would definitely make MJ proud! Another thumbs up for Cirque Du Soleil!
1	This is the only Vegas show that I have left early from. The act seemed more Ringling Brothers than Cirque du Soleil. Unless you are a fanatic Michael Jackson fan that idolizes him as a God, avoid this show.
2	I'm not much of a MJ fan (I don't dislike him, I'm just sort of ambivalent towards his stuff) but that has little to do with my rating.   I'd give it a 1.5 stars if I could...I'll just echo what many have said already :  if you're hoping to see a Cirque du Soleil show, you probably won't enjoy this.  This had way more dancing, far less acrobatics.  There were a couple of pieces where there was the beginning of an acrobatic act that made me think "OK, about time... here we go" but they never materialized.  Pretty disappointing.  If it wasn't advertised as a CdS show, I would probably have had a very different opinion of it.   The theater does have a great sound system, lots of good lighting, etc. but this is not what I was hoping to see.
5	Not going to post details about the show, but let's just say I didn't want the show to ever end.  It was THAT good. :)
2	If you are a Michael Jackson fan and know his music, you will probably like this show. I only recognized "Billy Jean" and "Beat It" (which I rate 'so so'). Good visuals and great acrobatics and dancing but the music bored me and gave me a headache. If there was a 'story line', it was incomprehensible to me.
1	We have seen many shows in Vegas and Broadway including all of the cirque de soleil shows. We were very excited to see Michael Jackson's One. To give this show a "c" would be generous. This is the type of show you would expect to see on a low level cruise ship. Do not waste your money, stay home and watch Michael Jackson videos on YouTube. Instead go see Absinthe, it's fantastic.
5	MJ: the king of pop. What an amazing experience. This cirque show was breath taking, exciting, innovative... I didn't want it to end!! After contemplating on seat location/prices online (we had 6 in out party), we ended up choosing section 103 which is lower level on the right side of the stage. We were 4 rows from the stage, and these tickets were the same price as farthest section back in the center, which I thought was weird. Regardless, don't be afraid to sit on the side, it was amazing. There was acrobatics, light shows, amazing choreography and costumes, and there was a story line which I thought was fun and creative. The characters were present throughout, and I liked how they switched it every song to avoid predictability. My favorite part was the trampoline act, the "Man in the Mirror", the shadows, and the MJ dancer. You truly just have to see it to believe it. It is incredible!!
1	I'll be honest. I walked out of this show. The music was WAY too loud for me. The bass was pounding so hard my chest was vibrating. My ears were hurting. I was in the middle section, so not as if I were next to speakers. I generally love Cirque shows and I like Michael Jackson music. But not this show. I did not enjoy the visual aspect of the show--mind you I could only take 30 minutes and finally just had to leave. Sorry to say this was a bad experience for me.
3	If they didn't have MJ songs and clips of him throughout the show.. not much there.  A couple of scenes were great because of MJ not the cast.  1/3 of the show was repetitive dancing with the same moves,same costumes. One Impressive dancer. I couldn't make out whether I was watching the typical Chinese acrobatic show or a nice high school talent show play.  It wasn't much a "cirque" show.  I enjoyed the show due to the music and clips MJ's performance shown. I had great seats and paid extra for them, but I don't feel as if I got my $ worth.  I could of watched youtube for most it at home.
5	Love this show. The best show in Vegas. If you love Michael Jackson this is the show for you.
5	A Las Vegas must! If you're a fan of MJ, this is a "have-to"! The music is great -- obviously. Awesome dance scenes. Not a ton of acrobatics, etc, but still unbeatable. $$$$$ but worth it!
4	Note - this is NOT the Michael Jackson Immortal touring show show.Note - this is a MUSICAL - yes it's NOT the usual Cirque show.Having said that - it's great! Starts a little slow but ramps up to a full blown zombie in the aisles zombies in the air above us show. There are some of the usual Cirque stuff - the trampolines - the juggling - but more so it's just a great trip thru Michael Jackson's hits. I loved it and I'm not really a MJ fan. It's just fun.
3	As good a show as it is over-rated.  Three stars on YELP = A-OK, and so I give ONE a 3.5.  And I had optimal center seats about ten rows back.This show is tricky to review, so bullet points --1.  It's not much of a Cirque.  But neither is Beatles LOVE.  And that's fine by me.  It's a Cirque Musical Production, similar to the late Elvis show but far more cohesive.  Beatles LOVE does this genre best -- and ONE is a distant second.2.  I'm a fan of Jackson's best music but not much of a fan of the personality.  The people who are raving here are likely fans of both, as in, anything with 'Michael' on it or in it or even near it is AWESOME.  Me?  It's the music mostly.  And so --3.  -- the music choices, sequence, and remixes were mostly top notch.  Honestly.  I learned a few songs I didn't know and enjoyed some reinvigorated songs like CAN YOU FEEL IT -- really a Jacksons song but who cares?What lacked in the music was that sometimes there was too much sound.  A reviewer below says he walked out.  I understand why.  At times -- especially during the second song -- the production was a wall of noise instead of a Jackson wall of sound.  There's a difference and IT MATTERS.  And during these everything and the kitchen sink moments the volume was on Spinal Tap 11.  Utterly juvenile.  And sad.There's a reason why most of this music went worldwide.  Cirque went sometimes went overboard remixing and needs to come back a little.  Yeah, I get it, you have a subwoofer the size of a navel submarine under the seats.  So what?  Take it down a notch, Cirque.So, overall, the music is why you 'see' this show.  The production values --4.  -- were a mess.  Stevie Wonder could do a better job.  It was like a militia from a noir sci-fi movie was blended on high with a gay pride parade... and the lid came flying off.  Any five seconds of Cirque O compared to ONE and you realize the ONE production designers should have been fired.  Presuming any were hired.  (To be fair, there were some amazing design moments.  A number done 'in the shadows' was what made me aware of how garish the remainder of the show was.  And there was a... umm... costume design worth the price of admission.)What was also weird about ONE was the show was oddly.... dinky.  Big sound, yes, but small cast, small stage.  It reminded me of OVO or TOTEM sized tent shows -- which isn't Vegas impressive.  (Kinda scammish, really.)There was an issue with 'women' in this show too.  Two MJ songs scream for fabulous babes:  THE WAY YOU MAKE ME FEEL and DIRTY DIANA.   The women that appeared leaned a little too close to drag queens... echoing a theme by the guitarist I shall refer to here as 'Goldmember'.  What I'm trying to say here is that in a city full of knockout women... why did this show present... second rate babes?   And a lady who was a dead ringer for Ellen Degeneres?  It was just... strange.There WAS a dude dancer worth half your ticket admission price.  I won't give him away, but let's just say he'd be awesome in a PLASTIC MAN movie.    The thing is they kinda reused him once or twice, and again, I'm like is this a tiny tent show or a Vegas event?The word 'mess' must be examined again.  Sorry fans, but MJ the man was a bit of a mess in his later decades.  And so the fact the show reflects this isn't the worst thing to happen to ONE.  The problem is that Cirque has been producing lots of messes recently -- and so I fear this wasn't an artistic choice but another trip down Viva Elvis or Iris or Zarkana lane.A bad show?  No.  But it had bad Vegas show elements.  If you're in Vegas and a show is blasting hot flame to 'spice' things up... it's because they're afraid you have fallen asleep.   Cirque O has flames, yes, but if you know the show it's very artful. And so, again:  3.5 stars.  Oh, and since I've seen every Cirque show in Vegas, it goes like this --Cirque O is the best show, providing you see it in the best seats.  Center, about ten rows back.  Beatles LOVE is second.  Not so Cirque but oh so Magical Mystery Tour.  You can see this show more than once from different seats.  Awesome.I'd say ONE and MYSTERE tie for third depending upon your taste.
3	Just saw le reve the day before, so this show was a bit of a let down. Summing up the pros:Music is great - anyone growing up in the 90s probably has at least one MJ song they love in this show. The choreography for a few sections of the show was great, particularly when they did a number in the dark. This one guy had amazing dance skills and was probably one of the best dancers on the show. Good speakers - the surround sound was pretty impressive. A bit too loud though. Cons:Not the best in terms of acrobatics, which was what I was expecting given this was from the cirque. A bit repetitive - the amazing shiny dance guy was highlighted too much. The dancers seemed inconsistent- some were tall, some were too short (gfs theory is they could not find enough top notch dancers), a few even seemed tired when dancing. Overall, you're gonna like this show, especially if you're a MJ fan. But it could've been so much better.
5	I felt Michael!! The guy behind sang along to most songs and the couple in front of me was having out of body experiences. If you love Michael, this is deep. So many high points! Love Cirque!!
5	This show was an awesome experience. I'm so glad we went. Who doesn't love Michael Jackson and the music he made. Loved hearing the songs... And the acts were quite good. You almost feel like MJ was there. I've seen several of the Cirque shows and this is not the same typical Cirque show that you see. It is definitely worth seeing especially if you are a MJ fan. We sat in section 202 midway up towards the center and it was a perfect view. But I don't think you can get bad seats anywhere in the theater. If you are debating what show to go see in Vegas... This is a must!
5	We saw La Reve the night before seeing Michael. La Reve was good, but Micheal was awesome!  Definitely worth the money. The seats are comfortable and the show is one of a kind. I would suggest sitting in the lower level but any seat in the house would do.
1	Ugh. Waste of my time. Unlike the other shows in quality.I couldn't wait for it to be over. Go see mystere, O,The Beatles I have loved all the rest.. This was a really sad show in comparison !
5	I would looove to give this show 10 stars but unfortunately I HAVE to give them 5. Gee Golly Gosh Wow Batman! Probably the most visually stunning, fun, beautiful, emotionally amazing shows I've ever seen.  My husband and I wanted to dance the whole and super bummed we couldn't (he totes wanted to be in the show). This was the perfect blend of MJ nostalgia, cirque de soleil magic and amazing acrobatics/dance moves. I already got tickets to see it again.  I sat in row M in the balcony and even though it was far away I had a great view of EVERYTHING. A MUST SEEEEEEEE!!!
5	AMAZING, BEAUTIFUL performers, very very immersive experience, worth every pennies!!! Best seats sit and watch is about 8th from the stage, centered, so you can get in all the view from front, sides, and back because the performers will come from every corners of the theater to give you that immersive experience.
5	This one isn't something, that you expect from Circus De Solei. Not as acrobatic as other shows, it's  really strong with choreography, visual effects and sound! I'm not a fan of MJ, but I really enjoyed every minute of it. Dancers are really amazing, energy that they give away by the end of the show makes you wanna dance with them! The shiny guy in black is my favorite, he got great skills :) By the final scene everybody stood up with applause! Do I need to say more?
5	execellent show, a must see experience. All of the favorites songs and some of his other musics, like the song smile. took my dad for his birthday for his expeience. and they came from hawaii.
5	My wife and I have seen all the Cirque de Soleils except Zarkana.  The Michael Jackson One has to be one of the best.The Michael hologram dancing with the dancers was too cool.We would go see it again and again.
5	Wonderful show full of great acrobatics, dancing, and of course music! So worth the money!
4	Big MJ and Jackson fan here, and the show did not disappoint. Few things to mention:Pro:The music selection was diverse enough to transition wellThe theater was intimate and acoustics good. One featured dancer is quite flexible with a pole! Con: It was way too damn cold!!! To the point of knocking off a star, as I was often too uncomfortable. Pulled me out of the performance. Featured dancer used too much, took away from some of his neat tricks to see them again.The guitar player was also used too much and was annoying. Ushers did not hold people from coming nonstop through the aisles during the songs. They need to make them wait for breaks in the show.
5	The show delivered. Good performances, good music, what's not to like. It was a last minute plan, so we ended up with not too good seats.. There were ushers handing out cushions for the shorter members in our group, kudos to them!
5	Best cirque show ever! Awesome special effects, music and best dancers on the strip! Would love to see this at least 1000x or more.
5	This show is AMAZING!!!! The sound is amazing, and the show is very stimulating to you senses! If you're an MJ fan, this is a MUST SEE! Some amazing things happen in this show! From people moonwalking down the walls, a hologram routine with MJ and they even made it snow in the theater! OMG!  I wanted to just stand up and dance several times!!! YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS SHOW!  Soooo worth the money!
2	I can't believe I'm just giving a Cirque Show and MJ 2 stars! I don't even know where to begin - was it the annoying child actors? was it the lack of dancing? too much gymnastics? the random stripper? the overpriced tickets? the unfamiliar songs? the too-far-off-the-strip hotel? Before One, I saw Beatle's Love the year before and I was ahh-mazed with the coherent storyline, the creativity, the flexibility, the songs (which I didn't even grow up listening too). It was truly magical and the producers are geniuses! Unfortunately, I didn't even feel an ounce of this with the One. The only pros: the very flexible, moon-walking dancer, the hologram, and the wall dancers. Everything else was depressing, slow and don't even get me started with the sound. I'm 30 years old, and I thought my ears were going to combust. Yikes!I truly think Mandalay Bay hotel is hurting and they came up with this show with no direction, no "ah-ha" production, and are trapping tourists (like me!). Ohh can't forget the $40 picture they sell from your step-and-repeat photo-op before the show starts! Please pass on this.... and the show!
2	If you're a fan of Michael Jackson, you'll enjoy the show.  They preformed a wide variety of his music with some nice visualizes.If you're like me and a fan of Cirque du Soleil, skip this one.  This show was seriously lacking in the acrobatic, strength, and balance displaces that are associated with that name.  It is almost completely a song and dance show.
1	So very disappointing!  I love MJ and Cirque however this was just a mess.  The sound was horrible,  the dancers phone it in. Not the kind of dance energy that MJ's dancer s would perform. It was odd, too much going on at once and poorly produced. The best part was the Hologram with  MJ dancing. I think if MJ saw this he would be really upset. This was not representative of the quality of music or dance that he always delivered. Way overpriced for what we got. Save your $. Go see O or Mama Mia!
5	During the whole show, i had goosebumps over and over.Even though I did not know much about Michael Jackson, I could get to know how great he was at music, what he cared about, and his passion.All the performers were professional and exactly knew what they were doing.I loved the show.
4	Had a great time seeing One this last weekend. This is the 3rd Cirque show I have seen and probably the most different of all of them. Usually Cirque is known for their death-defying and mind blowing aerobatics, but this show is more of a dance and performance show. There is definitely some amazing aerial work during Thriller, but that was really the extent of it in my opinion. That being said, a 90 minute show with great Micheal Jackson music, excellent dancing, and great visuals effects made this show a blast to watch!
5	If you love MJ's music and you like acrobatics then I doubt you will find something better than this. I have seen several Cirque De Soleil shows and this one definitely takes the prize. The way they have tied his songs into the act are simply phenomenal. Don't be surprised if you want to go back and see a full repeat because of the visual overload at this show. Get the seats in the center in the mezanine since this show has acts all up above, the sides and then on the stage.
5	wow! If you like MJ, you will love this show! What a blast. Best show on the strip and we went to a ton.
5	First let me say I came into this show thinking Michael's music with a bunch of dancing; Why the HECK do I want to pay for that? After the show ,I am glad I did.  This performance actually makes me want to go see Beetles Love. I've been avoiding that show as well for the same reason.  Also big thank you to the usher that brought me a set of earplugs.  You showed true customer service by paying attention to the audience.  I greatly appreciated it.
5	Wonderful show!  I am a huge Cirque fan!  This show is not a typical Cirque show but still breath taking.  I actually had chills while watching!  This show focuses on the Music (you are completely immersed in the music, there are speakers in front of you and in the head rest of your chair), dancing and choreography.  The dancers were amazing.  Everyone was completely in sync and the moves were impressive---perfectly fit with all the MJ hits.  I actually recommend that you sit in the upper section.  There are dancers all around.  I feel like I missed some of the action sitting close.Like all Cirque shows, one time is not enough.  There is so much to see and look at during the show, there is no way to see it all in one viewing!  Bravo Cirque!
5	Totally awesome!  At first I thought I might not be able to keep up with the show since there was so much going on, but it transitioned pretty regularly. About equal parts dance and gymnastics, but pretty amazing choreography. A couple stand-out performers, and a pole dancer that had it all figured out. Great songs, video, and editing. I will say there's not a bad seat in the house, so go for the cheap seats if you're worried about the price. We sat in the back row of the theatre and it was great. This is a must-see for MJ fans, but could be considered a little racy in spots. $18 grape slushy with vodka came with a semi-keeper cup that we opted to discard. $6 bottle of fiji water that we accidentally left behind unopened was a little bit of a bummer.
2	Las Vegas local.....saw the show. Not too impressed. Tickets are overpriced. This show should be 75.00 tops.save your money for le reve...best show in Vegas.
1	A group of four us attended the Saturday Night 9:30 Show, May 31. Two of us are big fans of Michael Jackson, two us just familiar with a few songs. The show started with very loud music tracks and garishly bright lighting effects. The dancing was good, but not much better than good. The Cirque du Soleil portions of the show were uneven at best and only occasionally rose to the level of excellence that Cirque has become known for.It was as if the performers were simply going through the motions and trading on their name Cirque du Soleil.We were seated about midway up in the center section and had to pay more than $175 each for tickets and all of us left the show very disappointed.My recommendation is skip this show and save a good chunk of change,
5	I was not expecting much. Don't get me wrong. I like Vegas shows but Michael Jackson?  In brief, this show was spectacular. It had an edge. The choice of music was strong and well thought.  And it had moments of sadness and recollection.  The performers were extremely athletic and versatile.  I was thoroughly entertained throughout.  I recommend seats in the lower section but at least 10 rows away from the stage.  Unlike a typical opera or stage musical. There is so much going on.  You need your peripheral vision.  Pure Vegas entertainment for the entire family.  It is loud so take that into consideration of you have young children.
5	This was my first cirque show, and despite the high price tag I was not disappointed! The music was phenomenal, the performers and effects were magnificent, and the acrobatics were tremendous. Loved it!
5	This show is amazing one if the best shows on the strip. Only thing bad about this show is the price. But you get what you pay for. Try your best to get center seating.
1	So disappointing. All I can say is DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. It's as if they relied on the fact that it's MJ's music and they didn't have to do anything. The set designs had nothing to do with the music and the dancers were the worst I've seen in a show. Seriously, there are better street performers on the strip. There was little acrobatics and only some were good; most were old and boring. This isn't really a cirque show and MJ would be pissed at such a horrible show set to his music! I even think they had plants in the audience to get people to applause. Just don't go!  Go see Love at Mirage.....it was incredible!
1	Very disappointing. If you are a Cirque fan you will be very disappointed. We are Cirque fans and go to as many of their shows as possible. This should not be billed as a Cirque show. I'm a huge fan of loud music, but the volume level of the sound system was so high that it took away from the experience - sounds like a strange thing to say... To their credit it was an incredible sound system to be able to create that volume with excellent clarity, just so loud that it was painful - I was anxious for it to end. The lighting was poorly produced so that many times you would be blinded by spot lights hitting you square in the eyes. The story line was strange - not in a 'Cirque' type of strange, but in a 'I'm a computer gamer / Tron' sort of strange. It was missing the usual artistic creativity you come to expect with the brand. Conversely we saw the Beatles Show at the Mirage two days before and it was fantastic and would highly recommend.
4	Loved it.  Michael Jackson One Cirque Du Soleil is part concert, part circus, and part MJ tribute.  The show does a good job of highlighting the versatility and evolution of MJ throughout his career, showing the true artist he was.  The dancers, circus performers and special effects are great. There are mood changes as they play with your emotions and (spoiler alert!) the avatar appearance of MJ at the end is mesmerizing.If you're an MJ fan, see this show!  It was a fun trip down memory lane, and made me wish I was a back-up dancer.
3	Really debated a 2 star here but lets pretend that there wasn't a malfunction during the show that I went to that made them start, stop then cancel the thriller number. Let me start by saying if you like cirque type shows with lots of gymnastics and feats of strength than you should skip this show. If you love Michael Jackson and dance numbers than this is a must see. I was hoping for a good combination of the 2 was really disappointed that it did not have more cirque type stuff. If I were grading this strictly as a Michael Jackson show it would be a 4 to 5 star. If I were grading on it being cirque it would be 1 to 2 stars. I guess that averages out to a 3. I would say this show is overpriced as a cirque show. If you love Michael well then any price isn't to much to see it I guess. Now to the really disappointing part. During the show I went to the Thriller number started then stopped abruptly. After about 15 minutes the show started back up skipping the number. If you are anything like me Michael Jackson is Thriller and Thriller is Michael Jackson. Needless to say a huge disappointment. The next part was the fact the show went on and after the show there was a hard time finding anyone to address this disappointment to. You would think management might be pretty out in the open for any complaints but that was not the case. We did eventually find someone but that is really not the point. Just wished they had been more visable to begin with.
5	I thought the Bellagio O show was the best thing in Vegas before I saw this show.  Granted I'm a huge MJ fan, this show was the best thing I ever saw.  Before you enter the theater, there are fake paparazzi taking pictures of you to give you the feeling of being a celebrity.  The show was great and the dancers were unbelievable.  Everybody was on their feet and dancing near the end.  Highly recommended.
5	I've seen a few Michael Jackson tribute shows and have been mildly entertained by them and in some cases left my head shaking.  Michael Jackson ONE blows them all away!  After a few mediocre shows on the Strip (BeLIEve, Viva Elvis, Zarkana), this is Cirque du Soliel's comeback to brilliance.Whether or not you're a fan of Michael Jackson, I'm pretty sure you'll be thoroughly entertained.  It's not like a pure Cirque du Soleil production like KA, Mystere, or O, but it's more in the realm of a tribute show like LOVE was for the Beatles, where the focus is mainly on the music, choreography, and vision inspired my Michael Jackson.A few highlights of note:- Make sure you make it to your seat before curtain call so you can get to see some of the pre-show activities.-The music has been totally remastered in which the instrumentation sounds brand new and follows the dance routines very well.  Like the LOVE theater, the seats have front and rear speakers to totally immerse you into the show.- The choreography is very well done!  You actually start cheering on the dancers when you see many of MJ's signature moves and routines.- The stage is pretty awesome with wall-to-wall projections along with some 3D holograms. --  http://bit.ly/1oXQifYI can go on and on about ONE, but I'd be giving away too much.  Right now, this IS my favorite Vegas CdS show.  It blew my mind!  And it also got me a little misty-eyed simply because this is probably the closest thing I'll ever get to a Michael Jackson live performance.  And like what other Vegas shows like Beatles LOVE and Elton John's Red Piano, it rekindled my interest in Michael Jackson's music and had me listening to his songs weeks later!  I would definitely see ONE again for sure!
3	I'm going out on a limb, and giving this place 3 stars. I probably went in with misconceptions, but this show did not scream Cirque to me. It was more dancing and less acrobatic. I heard its similar to Love, so if you've seen that show, you know what I'm referring to. I did think the sets and the video animation was awesome. I just would have liked more Cirque for my money.
5	I will start by saying that I'm not a huge fan of Michael Jackson's music.  But my Dad and Sister wanted to go, so I was game.  I was BLOWN AWAY!  Definitely the best show I've seen in Vegas or anywhere.  The performances were beyond incredible.  And they were taylor-made for the music.  It was a brilliant tribute to Michael Jackson and his music and even if you're like me, and not a huge fan, you'll love this show.
4	I went to the show when it first opened. I really wasn't sure what to expect, my Girlfriend never had seen a Cirque show. I keep seeing people complain that this isn't like the other Cirque shows. For those of you wanting a traditional Cirque de Soleil show, this isn't it. There isn't the same feel as the other shows, but it's pretty fantastic. There is a story to follow, fantastic dancing, music and so much more.I think it's such a fresh new way to put together a show, it's a must see if you are in town. I do think they "borrowed" a few concepts from some AGT acts, but it's still pretty cool.Get there early because there are some things to see before the show.I hope this helps.
4	Saw this last night. I was expecting a hybrid Cirque/tribute performance, and I think the show lived up to that very well. It's more in the vein of Love, with much more dancing than your average Cirque show, although I thought it was way better than Love for two main reasons:1) the dancing is better. Obviously the music of MJ lends itself more to dancing than that of the Beatles, but the choreography was tight and well done (akin to what you'd see on ABDC or AGT) and supplemented by props (LED suits, light sticks, hats, etc) where needed. 2) the gymnastics were better. There was a lot of tumbling throughout the show--see the act list to get an idea, but the highlights were "Smooth Criminal" and zombies trampolining to "Thriller." As a Cirque du Soleil show, this one surpassed Love (which, if you can't tell by now, I thought was lame). It's a good way to introduce someone to Cirque, especially if they're big MJ fans. Myself, I don't worship him as a musical god like some others, but I'm still very glad I went. I love urban dance and I love Cirquish athleticism, and this was a good blend of both. As for money vs. view, I sat in the cheapest section available. Cirque does a pretty good job making sure no seat gets shafted. There are the usual side characters running around the theatre, so if you insist on seeing them closer up, don't sit in the back sections (otherwise, you don't miss out on much else).
4	I definitely enjoyed this show. If  you are looking for spectacular acrobatics, this might not be the perfect show for you. It is a show with lots of dancing, and a tribute to Michael's music and vision on life. Tickets are expensive but well worth what you pay for. We purchased tickets in the very back row, and were pleasantly surprised when the ushers offered us to move to the middle of the theatre. Regardless, wherever you sit, you have a good view of the stage. If you want to see the dancers up close as they walk up and down the side aisles, then I definitely recommend you sit in the lower seating.It's not your typical Cirque du Soleil show, and the majority of the acts were on stage. My favorites: Thriller and Smooth Criminal. Definitely a must see if you love MJ's music!
5	I am a huge Michael Jackson fan, so I was really looking forward to seeing this show... I was blown away!  My only complain (hahahahaha) was that the guy sitting right in front of me was pretty tall and kept moving around (not dancing, just having a conversation with the person next to him...GRRRRRRR!!!!)so there were times where it was hard for me to see, thank goodness my husband switched seats with me.  But over all this show is amazing, the Billie Jean and Man in the Mirror performances just blew my mind.   I honestly can say I cried while watching the Man in the Mirror performance.  Felt like I was at a MJ concert.  I am SO happy that I was able to experience this show, and I cannot wait to see it again!!  I am going to see this again, and hopefully will be able to get better seats!  You won't be disappointed.  This show is a bit different than the other Cirque shows since there aren't any crazy acrobatics, but the music, the story, and the amazing Michael Jackson moves will steal your heart.   This was the first time I have been to a Cirque du Soleil show were there was a standing Ovation and people didn't want to leave after the show ended.  Make sure to really experience this show!
5	You can't believe everything you see. This may be especially true in vegas. But believe what you're seeing in this show - even when its absolutely blowing your mind!I went into this a mediocre MJ fan. Thought the tickets were somewhat overpriced, and purchased furthest back row-corner seats. Got to the theater right at 9:30 (Mandalay Bay is quite a ways down the strip, if you're not familiar) and missed the opening things people mention on here, and were held back from being seated until the first act was over. During this, a kind doorman upgraded our seats to 10th row back from stage - what a kind and completely selfless act from him, just so that we could enjoy this show in its entirety, and that we did! Standing waiting to be seated, I fell in love immediately with the first act and became more entranced with each one after that. Acrobatics are extremely impressive and tied in flawlessly with dancing. Music is crisp, clear and loud! Tons of very talented actors involved. If you're going to see a cirque type show in Vegas and this even mildly interests you...GO SEE IT! If you're at all a MJ fan...GO SEE IT! If you're reading this review for any reason...GO SEE IT! I'm telling you, you're missing out if you don't. Also, if you get pumped up enough for some dancing during the show, go on a night for LIGHTS (the MB nightclub) afterwards - we got comp'ed in with free drinks for the lady and had an absolute blast the whole night! YOU CANNOT MISS THIS EXPERIENCE!!! I will be back.
1	Unfortunately this show was NOT cirque at ALL!  If you wanna pay $150 for animation, a hologram of Michael Jackson, and a WHOLE lot dancing, then go for it.  But if you are looking for the amazement of acrobatic performances you won't get it here.  You are better off watching THIS IS IT on a giant big screen TV.  I love Michael but you pay that kind of Money when he's alive to give you the real thing.
3	I like Michael Jackson but I wouldn't exactly call myself a fan. This performance was pretty good but I enjoyed "O" and "La Reve" at the Bellagio a little bit more. There isn't as much acrobatics but the music is better here which is to be expected from the title.
1	I'm not sure what show the other reviewers saw, but my husband and I saw MJ One on Monday, July 7, and thought it was a total waste of money (see the review given by FoodieChic L from Chicago, her comments reflect what we saw).  Being big MJ fans, we were looking forward to the music and some MJ style group dancing .... the music was overshadowed by the production's "extra" noise which was never part of his original recordings and we felt the dance routines were not reflective of any rountines MJ did.  The "story" if you can call it that, made no sense and having the child-like players running on and off the stage and the woman pretending to play the guitar were distractions at best.  The show also lacked traditional Cirque attributes, but the biggest disappointment was not getting any true feeling of a great artist.
5	Excellent show! Get an aisle seat so you will get to interact with the performers.
4	January 4, 2014Happy Birthday to me!  What an awesome treat.  Show was exciting, great music selection tons of characters and special effects.  Was a bit on the loud side but doable.  Had some seating issues and with no hesitation we were graciously ushered down to the main floor level about 15 rows away from the stage (AWESOME). We are huge MJ fans and this is a great show!Get there early so you can see ALL of the great MJ memorabilia showcased around the theater area. Enjoy!
5	it is amazing show in Las Vegas!! They are all extremely talented!!!My teenage kids love this show!! They really enjoyed this whole show.
5	Before getting to the show, I have to acknowledge the rock star manager at the box office who handled my crisis yesterday.  My flight from Phoenix delayed by FIVE HOURS and it became evident there was no way I was going to make it in time for the 7 p.m. show.  The moment I landed in Vegas, I called the box office and the manager kindly offered to exchange the tickets for the 9:30 show.  The seats available weren't as good as our original seats (purchased months ago) but I was in no position to complain.  Thank you, thank you for saving the day (and my birthday!).  The first 30 minutes were a lot of flash and splash (figuratively) but nothing terribly impressive.  However, it picked up.  It's a little more dancing to MJ songs than an actual story (although there a story but it's easy to miss) and I'm okay with that.    The pole dancer in the Dirty Diana number was incredible.  If strip clubs boasted dancers like that, I'd be a lot more interested in going.  The "wire" suits were phenomenally done.  There's an MJ hologram at one point and it's kind of neat but marginally creepy.The trampoline section was really cool and I've seen nothing like it.  I didn't understand the point of the chick with the Quiet Riot hair and the fake guitar.  She didn't really seem to fit in with any of it.   Great dancing, great costumes and great visuals.  All in all, a lovely show.  If you're an MJ fan, don't miss this!
3	I grew up with MJ music and had heard great things.  Finally it was time for me to see for myself.I went to this show thinking it was similar to the other "Cirque" shows in the area.  What I mean by that is acrobatics and many various talents combined into one show (with MJ music playing of course).   Well, the MJ music part was correct.  But it was mostly choreographed dance numbers which wasn't as impressive as I'd hoped.   Don't get me wrong...  they are very talented dancers which dance along with a holograph of Michael Jackson.  That was probably my favorite part.  Otherwise I thought it was just ok.The sound quality is great with speakers in the seats.  The audience really gets into the dancing and singing along since we all know the lyrics.  It was fun to see that!Overall it's not my favorite show to see in town but it was good.
5	AMAZING SHOW -worth every penny  even my wife who isnt a a MJ fan loved the show.. it was really awesome!!!
5	I am not a hard-core MJ fan, but it was an awe-inspiring show. Out of 25-ish songs that were played during the show, I probably knew about half of them (Beat It, Bad, Smooth Criminal, I'll Be There, They Don't Care About Us, Wanna Be Startin' Somethin, The Way You Make Me Feel, Billie Jean, Thriller, Man in the Mirror, Black or White, Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough). The more MJ songs you know, the better the experience (the show pretty much played MJ songs from the beginning to the end). You Are Not Alone and Rock With You were not played during the show, but it did not diminish the show's awesomeness. Yes, this is not your typical Cirque du Soleil shows where you get one of those life threatening moments ("Oh no, he/she is going to fall!"), but overall choreograph was beautiful and visual effect was stunning.---Highlights:Billie Jean - The legendary moonwalk moment from the Motown! The MJ pose! The kick! The hat throwing! The MJ scream! MJ overload! Not to mention dancers were wearing light-up suits all with synchronized movements!Smooth Criminal - Dat 45 degree leaning forward! Thriller - The infamous zombie dance! Man in the Mirror - A hologram of MJ! The overall theme matched the lyrics very well. It was a very emotional moment and the song almost brought tears to my eyes.---Expect 70% dancing, 15% tribute to MJ's music and vision on life, and 15% story plot (about 4 kids navigating through MJ's world of music / dance). It does feel like either you love or hate this show, but I REALLY like this show and it is a must watch for all MJ fans.Hail to the King of Pops!
5	Amazing!! I grew up listening to MJ and this was just beyond expectations, I loved it! I don't think my goosebumps went away the entire show. This definitely isn't as acrobatic as other Cirque shows, there is more dancing, but I think that is what a person would expect from one based on Michael Jackson. That being said, the dancing, the acrobatics, everything was just great. I smiled ear to ear, danced in my seat, cried, laughed, I can't say enough about this show. The talent that all Cirque performers have is incredible!
4	I liked the show overall and the theatre is very modern. The show is not a typical CDS show; mostly singing and dancing with a minimal amount of physical performing. I'm a fan of Michael Jackson's music so I really did enjoy the show. The hologram was cool toward the end of the show but not what I expected I suppose. The last 10 minutes of the show was completely full of energy and was great. Good show with very good dancing and song selection.
4	This show is a MUST!  Especially the hologram with MJ performing with the dancers on stage.  I loved the musical journey that the show displayed.  I'm still trying to figure out how they did what they did!
5	I am a big fan of Cirque's musical icon shows.  I have seen the Beetles and the Elvis shows.  I really like the more focused message and themes presented.  Some of the non music shows I find too fragmented.  This show will surprise you with it's technical innovation as well as it's appropriate focus on Michael Jackson style dancing.  I really enjoyed it.   It's unlike any other Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen.  If you appreciate Michael's music or dancing,  you will be blown away by this show!  The theater is smaller and the show often encompasses the entire theater.  I don't want to spoil it but the thriller number was one of my favorites.  The costumes are just incredible. You will see many things in this show you haven't seen before and might even be surprised more than once.  I highly recommend it!
4	As a life-long, hardcore but not weirdly insane, MJ fan, I was super excited and grateful to have had the opportunity to see MJ ONE this week. Overall, it was an amazing experience.From a Cirque perspective, it was a bit light on the acrobatics and featured more dancing, which I can understand, but I was hoping for more of the jaw-dropping stuff we all know Cirque performers are capable of doing. Not to diminish the impressive physicality of this show... it's quite good, but I think there could be more "WHOA". The dancer who recreates MJ's signature moves is phenomenal though. His flexibility and grace on stage is beautiful.From a MJ fan perspective, nothing will ever match or even meet Michael's ability and energy on stage, and while it's phenomenal to hear his music in a theatre, it'll always be a reminder he's no longer here. Personally, it's an emotional experience, especially seeing other people appreciate and enjoy his work. But the bittersweet element can't be dismissed. MJ should still be here, creating and delighting and inspiring, and enjoying the impact his work continues to make on the world.Lastly, I wanted to buy everything in the MJ ONE store. No self-restraint. It's good stuff. I'd like to see a bigger pre-show exhibit, too, although I'm guessing that would take away gaming floor space. Also, if the soundtrack for 'ONE' is different than the 'Immortal' soundtrack, release it! Please!
5	I took my nephew and niece here on Saturday July 19th.  I've been to several Cique du Soleil shows and they are all very good but this one was my favorite.  My nephew is a big fan of MJ fan and he thought it was amazing.  Just the halogram of MJ alone through out the show was fantastic.  They played all his greatest hits, as usual with all the Cirque du Soleil shows, the acrobatics were fantastic.  This tribute to MJ is very emotional, we noticed alot of the audience members were in tears.  This is definitely a must see when in Vegas.  Just a side note:  most of these venues are not that big so there are really no bad seats in the house...just buy the cheapest tickets.
5	I almost wish this show was not classified as a "Cirque"show because it's more like the most amazing Michael Jackson tribute you'll ever see. You can expect rocking music, Michael-esq dancing, and amazing acrobatics. MJ fans will rejoice that each song is paired with memorable and unexpected choreography. One suggestion I would make is to sit in the upper deck.  The tickets are less expensive and I noticed the people on the main floor spent much of the show craning their necks to catch the acrobatics taking place high above the stage. It's an awesome experience and I highly recommend it!
5	When I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago, my girlfriends and I went to see this show and it was absolutely amazing! I'm such fan on MJ and this show totally made my year. We got close seats and the tickets weren't as expensive as I thought. We bought them last minute and had to rush to get there on time. The music was great and so was the dancing. What a great show, one of the best things I did in Vegas.
5	I have seeing every show in Vegas more then ones this ONE had me singing and dancing I loved it lol ABSOLUTELY AMAZING
5	Keeping this short but (hopefully) sweet. The best show I've seen in Vegas - and I've been to many. This is more musical tribute than true Cirque experience as it's not as over the top in tumbling, acrobatics etc but it more than makes up for it in sheer nostalgia and entertainment value. You don't have to be an ardent MJ fan to love this show. In fact, I'm inclined to believe that the more marginal the fan, the more overwhelming the show is. You simply forget the sheer number of hits he had. The catalog is astounding. One tip, don't sit in the front, sit toward the back middle or better, row AA of section 2. So much going on all over you won't have to strain your neck turning around.Simply amazing.
5	Great show even if you don't love Michael Jackson. Lots of acrobatics and other cool stuff. Only beef is the back up dancers are exactly that, mediocre back up dancers and the main dancer tried to moonwalk but wasn't very good at it but then again no ones as smooth as Michael
5	I'm not a huge fan of cirque shows. I've seen most of them once and they all get a solid "meh". They're usually repetitive and bizarre.I couldn't believe how much I loved this show. The music was great, obviously, and the choreography was stellar. A lot of people say this is not a typical cirque show and I would have to agree with them. It's better.They played all the hits, got the crowd going and did the late, great MJ an incredible justice. This is the only cirque show, to date, that I would see a second time.Highly recommended.
5	Just loved the show . It's seats 1800 so it's pretty big. Had a great time it's nice a clean and organized. The drinks are very pricey. But I would love to see this show again.
5	I have seen all 8 Cirque du Soleil shows in this city and once you see it all you become like a show snob cause you've seen it all already... This Cirque show hands down has topped my list. This show really celebrates Michael Jackson and his music in such an amazing way. It had so much visually stimulating animation and props and was just upbeat from start to finish. I couldn't wait to hear what song was coming next. There is really no bad seat in the theater. The performers use the whole auditorium so don't feel bad if you are sitting far away. Also yes this show is a cirque but since it commemorates MJ there is A LOT of dancing. The show is kinda pricey but worth every penny. Everyone always writes that you don't have to be a fan and it's really true because even if you don't know his songs many of them carry a message and the cast did very well to express it. What are you waiting for? Watch it!
5	One of the best shows i,ve seen in vegas.crew was great and on point.very good show writing.this was expected from a cirque show as the other shows are also awesome.the michael jackson songs are all remixed very nicely.show has great light show cordination.and they dont short you on that money spent,its a full 90 minutes of entertainment.
2	I was very excited to go see this show because the preview looked so awesome before it even was at MBH but I ended up being quite disappointed. First, what made my experience that much more worse was that there was a lady with big poofy hair that couldn't seem to sit still. She was constantly moving forward, leaning over to talk to her friend, leaning back and forth. And the way the seats were, her hair basically blocked majority of the main stage so I missed a lot of what was going on. When the show first started, it reminded me of LOVE in that it seemed like they were ants just running around on stage with no coordination. I don't like shows like that at all. Meaningless. Some parts of the show I really enjoyed because the music was awesome and there was actual dance to see. It be better if there was more of the dance part with more of his hit songs. Half of them I've never heard of (mainly the slow songs). The 3 scenes that I remembered from the show that I really liked was 1) at the end with somewhat like a hologram of MJ singing and dancing on stage with the other cirque performers, 2) I think Smooth Criminal song was playing and they were in these all black outfits with colorful lights and 3) I forgot what song was being played but it was behind a screen so all you see were shadows of the performers doing really cool shadow effects. We sat on the right side of the room and the speakers were just way too loud. I mean I've sat in other theaters where I was near the speakers and it wasn't as crazy ear popping loud as this theater. Maybe because it's smaller or something, I'm not really sure. Although Lion King was in the same theater and I was perfectly fine with the sound. All in all, I didn't enjoy this show as much as I thought I would. A bit overrated IMO. I thought the way Elvis was made was much more enjoyable, not to mention, seating was way better.
5	My girlfriends and I went to Vegas for a bachelorette party and the last night we went to a show and I was glad we did!We sat on the left side of the stage 6 rows from the front and those were amazing seats. I would sit more towards the middle if I could next time.The whole concept was really cool, I was a little worried at first when I heard the girls picked that show but I was very happy with it. They played all the best songs from MJ's career, the older ones and the newer ones he had. The dancers and acrobats were amazing. The choreography was great, the sound effects and special effects too!There is a scene that has a hologram of Michael Jackson dancing with the cast and that was by far my favorite part!Just make sure you pay attention to all of the stage as there are dancers and acrobats flying all over the place. Very cool! Highly recommend it. The show was 90 minutes and it felt like 20! I was not ready for it to end!
5	You know the songs, you know the moves, now you must see the show! Michael is no longer here and yet his one show is the best show to see in Vegas. I spent about $160.00 per ticket and it was worth every penny. No you don't have to be a fan to love this show, it's that good. I will be seeing it again for sure!
5	This show was amazing. The production value was off the charts. The lighting, lasers, and projection mapping was superb. This was less acrobatic then other Cirque shows, but they fill it in with crazy dance routines.  I took my mother whose almost 70 and she was wiggling in her seat the whole time.  You left feeling full of energy and happy. If you're even the slightest Michael Jackson fan you must see this show. If you're a huge Michael Jackson fan this is a no brainer.  I've seen probably ten different Cirque shows over the years either in Vegas or when they stop in SF on tour, and this is my favorite to date. Highly recommend, you won't be disappointed.
5	Best show of any kind ever!!!!!! I've seen all the requisite cirque shows in Vegas and traveling tent shows in LA and without hesitation this show blows them all out of the water! Being a fat little kid wearing a tight leather jacket and white glove I can say I've been a lifelong fan of the greatest musical inspiration of my life. We sat closer to the back and to the right but there really are no horrible seats unlike going to a laker game on the top deck which is the worst. Next time though I would be willing to pay whatever price for a middle seat closer to the stage ... Worth every penny and makes me regret paying for some of the other shows I've been too ... Coff coff Beatles love ^^ From beginning to end I was dancing in my seat and screaming like a little school girl with some German guy behind me. I also love Americas got talent so seeing them incorporate some of my favorite acts into the show just elevated the show from great to once in a lifetime. I'm this age of smart phones and instant gratification it's the perfect show! If you can only go to one show while your I Vegas I implore you !!!! Please don't WASTE your money on another show !!!! - it even made O seem less spectacular BEST DAMM SHOW PERIOD!!! Run don't walk to get tickets you won't regret it I promise :)
5	So so so good!! I literally smiled the whole time. Perfect mix of cirque acrobatics and great dancing! Lovely tribute to MJ!
4	I'm not even that big of a Michael Jackson fan and this show blew me away. I think the production leaders, crew, and actors did a wonderful job; this show is a great blend of cirque charm and MJ style. I'm not surprised that this show is practically sold out every single performance.
5	I saw both "O" and "Michael Jackson One" this past week.  They were both amazing.  "O" was more acrobatic and "One" was more dancing but still with amazing acrobatic feats.  They are both so different and dont really deserrve a comparison.  They stand alone and they are equal of a 5 star rating.   They both left me saying "WOW" many times for different reasons.  "One" has more of an emotional impact for obvious reasons.  If you have seen neither, I would say see either or both-either way-you will be left amazed at the expertise of the people on stage and the amazing production.  They are spectacles to be hehold.  I would see either one again in a heartbeat.  Money well spent for something you will likely never see anywhere else in the world.
5	LOVED IT!!! The only bad thing about this show was that it had to end, fastest 90 minutes of my life. The woman in front of me blocked me a little bit, so if you're sitting behind someone with a big head then you're going to be annoyed. But, the show itself was AMAZING! I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. I would definitely go back and watch it again, it's worth every penny! At first I was upset that they don't allow pics or videos but then was glad because a person with a phone in front of you can get pretty annoying and ruin the experience. So thank you for not allowing pics or videos!!!!
5	This is one of my favorite shows! Amazing sound, music, performances, decorations! I love love love it :))) Must-have to see in Vegas!
5	This was by far the best show i saw in Las Vegas, worth the price. Before the show starts the perfomers go around and mingle and interact with the crowd. Once the lights go out the story and music get turned up. The dancing the acrobatics the music and the setting was flawlesd imo. A breath taking experence. Fans and people just into shows will like it all the same. I suggest setting in the second best spots as you see everything.
5	This show exceeds all expectations. My husband and I were both blown away. The choreography and visual effects are super. I was teary eyed several times throughout the performance as it was so mind blowing and MJ was truly one of a kind. I recommend this to anyone who likes music. It is an uplifting show and a must see!
1	Save your money.  I grew up with Michael Jackson's music and this show was awful! It was so boring and kiddish we walked out after 20 min's!  And, the seats where not high enough to look over the person in front of you.
1	Huge disappointment!!  From the start it was way too loud, music was crazy hard driving and the lights were blinding.  Couldn't see the stage unless I leaned over to the side because the person in front of me blocked my view and she was short!.  And then didn't even care to see the stage after seeing a street dancer perform a couple of songs.  Waited through 8 songs hoping it would get better before finally walking out.  It's unbelievable that this show is playing at The Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas.
5	Wonderful show. Great dancers and acrobats, great lighting and good music. There were also videos of some parts of Michael's performances which were so compelling to watch that I was sometimes conflicted as to whether to watch the live show or the video!  I suppose if you don't like Michael Jackson at all this might not be a good fit for you, but I loved it.
5	This was my first show ever in Vegas. It's an amazing blend of acrobatics, choreography, and nostalgia.The technology behind this show takes it to the next level. I don't want to spoil it for anybody but you will be surprised with all of the numbers but in particular two of them. And I'll leave it at that. The acrobats truly put out a great show with gravity defying stunts.We paid top dollar for front seats and it was worth every penny.
4	This show was very good.  I was super excited to attend the show given all of the 5-star reviews.  while it is definitely good and I recommend it, I gave it 4 stars as it is more of a dance type show and less Cirque even more so then Love at Mirage.  I have to say I LOVE Love at Mirage.  We have seen that show 5+ times.  While this show was quite good, I feel like they used several songs that were not part of the mainstream catalog.  That said there were several gems during the show including dirty diana, smooth criminal, billy jean, and several other numbers.  If you like Michael Jackson's catalog as I do and you don't mind that there is a bit less Cirque then I would say 5-stars all the way.  it is very well done.  But if you are expecting a lot of acrobatics or you want more of that I would recommend another Cirque show.  I think Love at Mirage is a better blend of Cirque and music.  One other thing to note. I grew up in the late 80's and 90's and I have to say looking back on this era through the music and the videos shown I realized I didn't really like that time very much.  Perhaps "reliving" this is what caused me to feel a bit meh about the show (in all fairness).  Whereas with Love I never lived through that time and it was more interesting.  I felt like I was watching a bit of a retrospective that I didn't really enjoy.Lastly, if you have sensitive ears bring ear plugs this show is LOUD.  I know it is meant to be but I have sensitive ears and my ears hurt afterward as I forgot ear plugs. Trust me even with ear plugs in you will hear everything quite well.  Overall a great production, excellent visuals and definitely recommend but just know what you are getting and know that it is less Cirque acrobatics.
5	Very enjoyable! I don't think I can say anything that hasn't already been said, but we really enjoyed this show. Was it the hands-down, best-show-ever-in-the-whole-wide-world? I don't know. Were the tickets really, really expensive? Definitely. I'm glad we saw the show and would highly recommend it to anyone who loves MJ.
5	If there were 10 stars to give, I'd give them 11. This show was spectacular from beginning to end. The performers interacted with the audience before the show started and the theatre was small enough that it seemed like you couldn't miss anything no matter where you were. I didn't quite figure out the silver glove storyline, but it was not a deal breaker. The Dirty Diana quixotic  routine was my favorite.
2	Just saw the 7pm show.Pros: Billie Jean, Thriller, The Way You Make Me Feel, Man in the Mirror were all done very well. The number with the best choreography was The Way You Make Me Feel.Cons: The rest of the show was average to below average. I found myself watching the background videos more than the performers on stage.The smoke from the show gave me an asthma attack, ughhh...The bass was too high as was the overall volume.Unlike the majority of the audience, I've seen MJ live 3 times, and 2 Cirque shows, so I have something to compare it to. If the show sustained the quality of Billie Jean, Thriller, The Way You Make Me Feel throughout the entire show and the volume and bass were lowered, I'd give it a 4-5 stars.Note:Pay $50-$75 and you will get you money's worth. Sit way back if you can and bring your ear plugs since the volume is way too loud.
5	This is my new favorite show in Vegas. I've probably seen about a dozen or shows now in Vegas and One is definitely the one I'd rush back to see again.The energy throughout the show is amazing and hearing the King of Pop's greatest hits accompanied by some incredible dancing and acrobatics was just a thrill.Some of the highlights include the light suits in Billie Jean, the trampoline artists, the female guitar player and of course Thriller. But then in one of the closing songs, MJ himself makes a holographic appearance that is so real that you'd think he was alive and kicking again.A must see in Vegas.
2	I was soooooo disappointed in this show.  I never had the chance to see Michael Jackson in concert so I was hoping for a Michael Jackson show with some Cirque elements to it.  What I got was the opposite, a Cirque show with some MJ elements to it.  We had seats on the aisle in the middle of the theater and these 4 weird looking people show up about 10 minutes before the show started.  Something just looked off about them, their clothes, makeup, something just wasn't right.  Then they kept switching seats so then I knew something was up.  Sure enough they tried getting up on stage and they turned out to be part of the show.  Well I could have done without these 4 "comedians".  I guess they were the comic relief part of the show but I just found them completely annoying.  There was a blonde woman that was miming playing guitar for many of the songs but it was obvious she wasn't actually playing.  During Black or White she was walking at one point and didn't even have her hand on the guitar at a part where she should have been playing.They had some contortionist guy that was doing "popping" that was pretty cool, putting his hands behind his head and stuff, but then he came out like 3 more times during the show.  We get it, you're a super bendy guy.There was a hologram type of sequence where it looked like the dancers were dancing with Michael himself.  That part was pretty cool.  I also liked the pole dancer that was dancing to Dirty Diana.  But overall the show was disappointing.  This was my second Cirque show, (KA being the other one), and I still was not impressed.  So far I don't think Cirque shows are worth the ridiculous prices they charge.
5	Best show in Vegas - and it pains me to say that because I absolutely love Absinthe. But damn, this show gives you a SHOW!! If you're a big fan, and even if you're just a casual fan like me, of Michael Jackson, this show is for you. You'll find yourself singing along to the familiar soundtrack when your jaw isn't dropped from the amazing cirque performers, dancers, light shows and oh yeah the friggin' hologram of MJ himself!The show is the right balance of Michael Jackson and Cirque du Soleil. Perfect and everything I wanted in a Vegas show. My only complaint was I never knew where to look because there was always so much to see and take in.I'd check out the gift shop early because it's a madhouse after the show. Oh and we bought the program which was worth it.
5	Unfortunately we missed the first 10 minutes cause the Will Call desk is a MESS! There was a line of us trying to pick up tickets & the people at the counter were taking care of people who didn't have tickets to the SOLD OUT show and were looking for tickets other nights. The people at Will Call should be taken care of first so that they can see the show that they paid over $100 to see. Pick your tickets up as early as you can!The Show...was Amazing! The best one that I've seen! Probably helps that I love MJ music and theatrics. It was lots of fun. Totally entertaining, great trip through memory lane and, a beautiful tribute to the man and his work. A MUST SEE!!!
5	Recomendado.
5	I LOVE MICHAEL JACKSON. I LOVED THIS SHOW!!!There are no words to describe how much I loved this show. By far, it's my favorite one in Vegas. Perhaps I am biased bc I've been a fan of his since I heard him sing "Ben" as a child with the Jackson 5. You can say I am a die-hard fan....I was beyond excited to see this show. "One" pays tribute to MJ. If you're looking for a cirque du soleil show that focuses on incredible acrobatics and athletic maneuvers, this may not be the right show. This is a show that memorializes The King of Pop through his songs, videos, pictures, and trademark dance moves. The stage itself is spectacular. There are two huge screens on the side of the main stage that provide better viewing of the stage and videos/pictures. There are a lot of old videos and pictures of MJ that are shared during the show....Very touching. You will be taken on a musical journey of the career of this amazing performer. Fave Moments: "I'll Be There" with pictures of young Michael, "Human Nature" and "I'll Be There" medley, "Dirty Diana" and the pole dancer, "Thriller" and the bouncing acrobats and dancers. The dancing hologram of Michael and and the illusion of his dancers dancing with him was without a doubt my most fave moment.....tears. You don't want to miss this show. Trust Me....Vegas' Best.
5	By far the best Cirque du Soleil performance I've seen, and I've seen many various du Soleil productions in both Vegas and their traveling productions.Michael Jackson's music has much to do with the success of this production.  The show is very high energy and every inch of the venue is utilized.   Your head and your eyes are constantly moving from one corner to the next of the stage.   The aerials are wonderful.  I'm not going to spoil it for you if you plan to attend, but there's one scene where Michael Jackson performs.  That was one of the highlights.We sat in the nose bleed section dead center.  We found it to be very advantageous as we were able to watch the aerials without turning and twisting.  This was the first Cirque du Soleil performance that we attended where the entire audience stood and gave a standing ovation.  It was the best.
5	Best show I have seen and by far the most "normal" Cirque show.  The whole production was so entertaining I never wanted it to end.  The dancers were so amazing and frequently interacted with the crowd.  The stage, set, costumes and whole experience was incredible.  They played all the classic MJ tunes and I'm sure he would have been proud of the show.  A must see!
5	I am a huge MJ fan and I loved it! The whole venue was fully booked. Did not see even one empty seat and when the hologram came in and left I was sad because it reminded me that he was gone. Loved the show and will definitely see it again when next I go to Vegas.
5	I purchased tickets for this show the night prior and we were in section 201, row PP, seats 14 & 15.  I paid $239.70 for 2 tickets.  I was super worried because these seats are almost as far back as you can get and they were off to the side.  You always strive to get front and center and this was not the case with these tickets.  I also forgot my glasses so, I walked into the performance thinking I wouldn't be able to see anything and that I would be disappointed.  Couldn't have been more wrong!  I don't think there is a bad seat in the house!  If I had to do it again I probably would have sat closer if the seats were available but my seats that were way in the back turned out to be just fine and I was able to see everything.I am kind of a Michael Jackson fan but nothing over the top and I loved this show so so much.  I loved the scene when it went dark but you could see the lights on the performers.  My favorite scene though was with the hologram of Michael and over the speakers they played him saying a quote "The innocence of children represents to me the source of infinite creativity. That is the potential of every human being." After that quote and the song that followed I started crying like a baby.  It was almost embarrassing!  I was trying not to cry but the tears were flowing and I couldn't stop them.The show was touching and moving and I would definitely see it again.The performers were astounding!  Thank you
5	Absolutely amazing!!  I cried through the whole show.  Worth every penny!
5	I LOVE THIS SHOW AND WILL SEE IT AGAIN! If you are a huge MJ fan like myself you will enjoy it. I seen MJ Immortal life as well and will continue to watch them if it continues to be reinvented. It was a none stop performance full of life and memories. You will get emotional - matter of fact- tears started to form and I tried to fight it. Lol. It was magical! I think MJ would have loved it as well. Thank you Cirque Du Soleil for another wonderful MJ experience.
5	We were sitting in section 101, Row D, seats 8&9.  Paid $300 for 2 tickets and it was def worth the price!  This was THE BEST Cirque show I've seen.My bf and I were so impressed with the show. He's a big MJ fan, I'm indifferent. But I was floored by the performance and all the lighting, animation, etc.   It was amazing. I don't think there was a minute in the show where our mouths were closed or not smiling.Our seats were great, but I think we could have benefited from being just a few rows back as there were performers up above you, 'flying' down to the stage and such.  I noticed I had to tilt my head up at times for the show, soooo I think something in rows H and a tad above would be perfect.  Def sit in the aisle seats as the performers come by and give you high fives and such.Loved every moment of it and would def pay to see this again.
5	My tip, there's not a bad seat in the house so don't spend a fortune sitting up front, (unless you're trying to impress someone with your pimp game). The show was great, especially the act to Billy Jean which happens about mid way through the show. Of course people are flying all over the place but there is still a lot of MJ styled choreographed dancing.
1	I am a big Micheal Jackson fan but the show was not all that good it was ok but it was definitely not worth the price my friend paid for. Paid $265 for 2  to sit in the back and we had discounted prices. Throughout the show at some parts there was just too much going on at once on the stage.The show consist mostly of people jumping around doing aerobics to MJ music. Just a whole lot of confusion save your money you'll be better off just buying all MJ classic albums.
5	This show is fu*king awesome!!!!! If your in Vegas go and watch this show. Tickets are between $80-150 depending on when and how you get your tickets but it's worth every damn penny. Stop losing your money on them slots and buy a ticket. You won't regret. It's michael Jackson and cirque de soliel. The performances is bad ass and the acrobatics is good. Super good band and performance. The guitarist was a girl and she was rockin! By far the best guitarist I seen by far. Awesome awesome show. What da hell are you ready this for? Go buy yourself a damn ticket and enjoy!
5	It was the best cirque show I've ever seen.  I'm a huge MJ fan and it was incredible.  The theater, amazing.  The sound, awesome.  The visuals, inspiring.  I would see it again in a heartbeat.
5	Impresionante, sin palabras. Aunque no seas fan de michael jackson hay q ir a ver este show. El mejor de las vegas sin ninguna duda. Lo peor es q es muy caro
4	This show was something I'd been looking forward to for months!I have a bedroom decorated for him in my Tahoe home.The show was epic, as most of the cirque's are, lots of acrobatics, gymnastics and a contortionist ( no joke )Of course all the favorites you would expect, but very politically themedand the horrible paparazzi treatment he endured for his entire adult life.They had a hologram of Michael singing "Man in the Mirror" was so realistic, I have never seen a hologram in a show, very cool.This was a great choice for us that prefer this over Donnie & Marie or BritneySpears Major Gag lol, to each his own!I really enjoyed the show and we had decent seats
5	ONE fantastic show!REMEMBER THE TIME:  I've been fan of Michael Jackson since my youth.  I can vividly recall buying his "Thriller", "Bad", and "Dangerous" albums.  When the opportunity arose to see this production in Las Vegas, I knew I couldn't pass up this chance.  Many thanks to fellow Yelper Rod U. for procuring the awesome seats.ROCK WITH YOU:  This production is in residence at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.  If you've never been to a Cirque show, be not afraid as the staff are well organized in guiding guests to their seats and/or helping them find their way around the theatre.BLACK OR WHITE:  One noticeable aspect of this show are the costumes.  The staff meet, greet, and photograph guests in eye-catching red trench coats, black fedora, and sunglasses.  The clothing worn by the performers are a true ode to the King of Pop, especially the talented young man who is show cased during breaks in the performance.  Costumes are black, white, colorful, whimsical, and "bright" to say the least.HUMAN NATURE:  It's difficult not to get engrossed with the show and sing along to the music of MJ.  All his hit songs are showcased during the 90 minute production, and by the end, I was one of many who were clapping and singing along to the tunes.THRILLER:  Being a Cirque du Soleil production, the performers definitely add their touch of acrobatics and thrills to the show, but not overly done as to outshine the music.  Although there is a Cirque "touch", there is also a lot of choreography involved, especially many group numbers/dances.  As mentioned earlier, the young man who mirrors many of Michael Jackson's signature dance moves was a definite highlight.  His moon walk was extraordinary indeed.  THE WAY YOU MAKE ME FEEL:  This was my favorite part of the show!  It was just immense fun!YOU ROCK MY WORLD:  An amazing, amazing show!!  Highly recommended.  By the end you will be dancing in your seats surely.
3	Ok don't hate. I am a huge MJ fan. The music and dancing were great. As far as saying this is a Cirque show, I don't think so. There were a few acrobat acts and they were no big deal. A few guys juggling hats on their heads. I have seen many Cirque shows and this one misses the mark by a long shot. I took friends to see it because I heard it was good. They hadn't been to Vegas in 40 years. I was so disappointed that I chose this one and not "o". No comparison. Do not expect true Cirque from this show. Just a lot of dancing.
5	We've seen four other Cirque shows and I must say this is one of the best.  I wasn't a crazy fan of Michael Jackson, but always enjoyed his music.  We left the show with tears in our eyes and a new appreciation for what a master performer/musician he was.  The show was beautifully done.  The showroom is small, all good seats.
5	The best show I've ever seen in Las Vegas.  An absolute must see!  The show is not a Michael Jackson concert, and not pure Cirque du Soleil.  It's a very sophisticated production combining music, dance, and acrobatics with subtle and not so subtle statements.  One thinks it starts confusingly slow...but no.  Enjoy... It's fantastic!
1	This is not a crique typical show. It was more like a Broadway show. I think the theatre was nicer then the show. I didn't like it at all   It did not do justice for Michael Jackson.  If he was alive I think he would be embarrassed of the quality of the show.
3	This cirque du soleil show is located at The Mandalay Bay.  Supposedly this show sells out quickly. We bought our tickets the morning of the show at our hotel concierge. We sat at section 202, row MM, seats 5-8. The seats were not bad at all. The lower seats are good because one of the performers may interact with you. There's a typical snack area with beverages and popcorn. As expected, super expensive. If you're looking for lots of acrobatic stunts, this show is NOT for you. This is a tribute to Michael Jackson and there's a lot of dancing and lighting stuff. There is even a hologram of MJ. What was disappointing was that they didn't use a lot of his greatest hits.  My favorite parts would be the Billie Jean and thriller. Overall, I wouldn't really recommend this show. If you really like MJ though, you might really love it. We paid about $180 per ticket (altogether with processing fees) and I didn't think it was that worth it to see dancing. Save your money for O.
4	My husband had been wanting to see the show and it is located inside the Mandalay Bay and the performers were fantastic!  I loved the dancing and acrobatics of the Cirque de Soliel show and there was always something going on!  My husband was disappointed because there was no one actually singing the songs but that isn't what this show is about.  It's not like a Broadway show or Jersey Boys.
4	WOW!!! This show was amazing!! We had seats on the very back row and still loved it, truly and edge of your seat show. I had the privilege of seeing MJ in person in 1988 and I really believe he would be proud of how this show represents his music and legacy. I will definitely go back and see it again.
3	Michael Jackson was great, One was OK. I had a multi-generational group, I'm in my 50's, my mom and my 20 something kids. Though I grew up w Jackson 5, my mom and I were disappointed that we didn't recognize a third of the songs. We were sitting in the 2nd to the last and the 3rd to the last row. We were a parry of 8 and I spending so much money was a concern. Our seats were ok but spending a little bit more for give rows closer would may have been. worthwhile. But if I paid more than $150 per seat, I would have regretted it. My brother fell asleep and even the Thriller number couldn't keep him awake, and for my mom, Jersey Boys was better than MJ and less than half the price. Best seats are probably in the middle. Like most Cirques, too close to the stage isn't good. This cirque show is tough because MJ was such a great performer. When you hear MJ singing, you want to see his actual music video, the Cirque cast are not as good as MJ himself. During the Thriller number, I turned to my brother and he was sleeping. I also didn't enjoy the political message numbers.  My favorite Cirque show is Love. I've seen it three times and I would see it again. Love is also better for a multigenerational group.
5	Great show. Worth every penny. Any seat in the venue is good, however I would recommend sitting towards the back as there are cool aerialists that you might miss if you're sitting towards the front.
3	I had been waiting a long long long time to see this show, so I was really psyched to get the chance to see it during a stop over in LV. I mean, seriously.... for a dancer like myself I am in LOVE with two of the most talented Jackson siblings and have been since I could bust a move in my diapers. Cirque du Soleil and Michael Jackson music together? I was more than excited.So..........Let's just say that the performers are always talented, and that I respect the hard work that they do and although this particular show did NOT have many of the infamous wild acrobatic stunts as other Cirque shows do, they, in my eyes, are always entertaining.  This review is not in any way a reflection upon them. At ALL. After all, they did not choreograph this.... this...'show'.That being said... I was very disappointed.I don't know what I was expecting.  Dancing? Some choreographed awesome numbers with a set design that would blow my head back in awe?What I was NOT expecting, is that most of this show, was on a SCREEN, just like Madonnas 're-invention' tour. Bleh.  If I wanted to pay over $200.00 for watching a screen entertain me for a bit, I would have bought a flatscreen TV and stuck my nose right up to it.  Needless to say, I was more impressed with the acrobatics that actually were in the show.I did not expect to see a hologram of Michael Jackson and that was pretty cool, don't get me wrong... it just felt like... well.. how can I explain this...  I guess once you have seen "O", everything else is kind of a let down in comparison. Even LOVE, was not as thrilling and emotionally charging as 'O' to me... maybe it's just me... although Man in the Mirror made me tear up, and I do love my Michael, seeing him as a hologram just made me sad, and remember how much I admired him and would watch his behind the scenes documentaries on his dancing. It's always a good time at a cirque show though.... so please don't let my so-so review stop you from going to see this show.  I just have been spoiled by other cirque shows and I'm forever ruined.  ;)
5	Very nostalgic musical ensemble celebrating Michael Jackson's life going back to the Jackson Five thru the time of his death. It was an excellent performance although the action and movement among the circus performers was by far the least that I have ever seen in any other Cirque de Soleil. It was a nice space and great acoustics. I strongly recommend the show, particularly for Michael Jackson fans.
3	Ok, overall a good show. Very upbeat. But, way too intense for (my) kids. Probably about 30 mins of it they would love. The MJ Holograms were incredible, as were some of the performers. Some seemed to serve no purpose though (guitar player woman). The show definitely seemed to be trying too hard at times. The music would have been much better at about 75% of the level they were using. I'll stick with Beatles Love.
2	I wanted to LOVE this show, but I didn't.  I love Michael Jackson's music and dancing, but this is not the show for that--how sad is it when the best dance segments are videos of Michael? The whole first half of the show is unimpressive (what the heck is a ninja girl doing in this?) and the pantomime of the person chasing MJ's glove is underwhelming.  What can I say...it is French--and they worship Jerry Lewis... The second half picks up and the ending is OK, but get rid of the political statements and Martin Luther King.  Come on--we were there to be entertained NOT proselytized! Billie Jean is good--the 3 black chicks have more sass than the whole rest of the cast combined, too bad they are not featured. Any seat in the room is good, just some better than others, so save your money.  Go see Beatles LOVE for a show that is done right!
5	The show was awesome!   I grew up with MJ and listening  to his music brought me back to my careless summers and happy memories.  The show, about an hour and a half long had wonderful  choreography  and did not disappoint.  I would say that this was my favorite Cirque performance  from the handful  I have seen.  One of my favorite parts was the pole dancer (J. Butterfly).  My friends knew her and was giving me all sports of back story on her abilities.  She was incredible and performance  to Dirty Diana! !!!Surprise,  surprise,  one of the cast members was an amputee and had arm crutches.  He definitely  held his own!Great performance,  it's  worth  the cash!
5	BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN, not kidding. I saw at least 10 different one of a kind talents/shows all wrapped into one long production of awesomeness. I am not the show type but this blew my mind and has me interested in checking out other Cirque shows. I literally can't say enough about this show, it is a MUST see, would have paid 5 times the price for the ticket in hindsight. Seriously go!!!
5	My friend was in town and insisted on seeing this show. I have to admit that I am not a fan of Michael Jackson, so I was reluctant about purchasing tickets.I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this show. I enjoyed each of the interpretations of all the songs they took on not only the more well-known songs, but also some of the lesser known songs from his entire career. The dancers are all very talented and they take many of Jackson's signature moves and are able to incorporate them in many different types of dance and acrobatics.The sound system is excellent and enhances the experience. I highly recommend this show.
5	Michael Jackson One is possibly the best CdS show in Vegas right now - if you're like me, grew up with his music, the mere idea of endless medley of MJ music combined with top-notch performing arts is irresistible enough... It's even more than that when it goes beyond my imagination.That was Michael Jackson One.I don't want to spoil with details but one thing I want to tell... some moments brought tears to my eyes. It's that good!
5	What a show!!! Fanoninal. We came 15 minutes late so now I have a good reason to go again. It can't get better. A night that started with dinner at joel robuchon's L'atelier, continued with this great show and ended at the Hakkasan with a reserved table next to the DJ.I wish myself more nights like that one
1	I did not like the show. Why? To begin with, the opening set shows a montage of tabloids with false stories; what is the point of this? To show that Michael Jackson was a celebrity which we already know or to diffuse the controversy of his pedophilia? Anyone who comes to the show doesn't care about the accusations.  Secondly, the attendants were all dressed in these ugly red trenchcoats which made them appear as if they had stepped out of a Spy versus Spy cartoon from Mad Magazine.  Quite frankly, the coat made these athletes look overweight.  I would have dressed the attendants in a white, smart looking Sergeant Pepper type jacket like Michael used to wear.Thirdly, the music was cacophonous and morose.  There was little of his upbeat songs, and when they were played, they felt compelled to show a video of Michael singing.  I can see that on You Tube.  Fourthly, the show required a narrative to serve as a context to display the songs.  Fifthly, I feel that the major hits should pop off the stage and hit you like a load of bricks to demonstrate the impact of his songs.  Sixthly, there was no wow feature to give you a sense of awe.To be fair, I walked out before the half-way point.  The director and arranger were convincing me that Michael Jackson was second rate.
1	First of all, I grew up on Michael Jackson music (albums-LP's) his dancing, and his attitude, so I am a big Michael fan.  This show is a disappointment for us of that era.  So if you grew up on ABC, I want you back, Got to be there, etc. DO NOT spend $200 a ticket on this show!Most of the music played were not his actual "megahits" but second rate productions and flops.  They interpret maybe 4 megahits that are recognizable.  I spoke to my sister tonight about this show which she saw in October.  She was surprised by my reaction, because she expected me to have a better report, but she absolutely agreed with my interpretation.  How could I tell that it was a disappointment?  The audience reactions were similar to mine throughout the show; lukewarm, except for two or three times during his hits and during the acrobatics.First of all, the loudness level of the recorded music leaves you literally deaf.  This level is really unnecessary.  My adult daughter ended up with a painful then ruptured eardrum.  The first four songs are an assault on the audience and it is tacky-because loudness is not going to improve the quality of the 2nd rate song.The idiotic use of 4 characters running around-looking like kids, acting stupid, is really stupid.  The female guitarist is trying to prove some kind of point:  she is not even close to being a female version of a Keith Richards wannabee.  The ugly red trenchcoats that appeared throughout the show appeared uncomfortably-hot  for the wearers.They played one old school= "I'll be there".  I guess because Motown owns the rest, they couldn't do his old hits.  The good parts:  the dancers and jugglers and acrobats were phenomenal!The lighting was very well coordinated.  I agree with everything that Archer previously posted on 12/31/14.  The next night, we went to see Maroon 5, which although loud, was a very good show.  I asked the doorman if the Maroon 5 show was expected to be as loud as the Jackson show. The doorman responded saying that the Jackson show was probably louder.    Definitely, Maroon 5 was a better show, and I'm an old wench!
5	Michael Jackson One is the only Cirque du Soleil show that I've seen, and I'm so glad I picked this show as my first one: it was absolutely amazing!!  I'm not all that incredibly entertained by circus stunts - I enjoy good music and dancing more.  This show had tons of excellent music and dancing!  I love, love, love MJ songs.  This show featured Michael's biggest hits, which happen to be my favorites.  If you are a big fan of Michael and/or his music, you will love this show too!  It was hard not to dance in my seat!  Even if you aren't the biggest MJ fan, this show has something for everyone: the music, the dancing, fun stunts, and amazing special effects.  Pacing was really good too.  Ballads and slower songs were followed by more upbeat numbers, and the show was a fast-paced hour and a half.  I kept looking at my watching wishing the show would not come to an end!    I sat in the middle floor section about 12 rows up, which might be the highest tier as far as pricing goes.  I can see why: the vantage point from there was excellent, save for some tall people in the way :p  You'll see performers not only on the main stage but off to the sides, in the back, up above you, even on the aisles.  The show, I felt, was worth every penny, and I couldn't stop talking about it after.  I would absolutely see it again, and would maybe choose to sit up closer to get a better look at all the performers.  The misfit "Clumsy" - holla!!  Lol.  There are four main characters in the show that are called misfits; get there early for the pre-show and you will see why.  Clumsy is a slackliner and does some pretty cool stuff during his set, and he was also eye candy for me :pBravo to him and all the amazing performers of Michael Jackson One!  Thank you for putting on such an entertaining show!  If I could use one word to describe MJ One: WOW!!
5	I love MJ's music and loved this show. It wasn't packed with his most popular tunes but the music was awesome. I've seen it twice. The dancing, the costumes and the dedication to all of the Michael Jackson dance moves really was cool. The technology at the end was mind blowing. I actually almost cried. Loved the show.
5	Oh em jay! Did you see how I did that! This show is by far the best Cirque de Soleil show ever. If you are a MJ fan you must see this show! Everything about this show is just amazing. The tickets are pricey, ours were about 150/person but it's really worth it. At the bed of the show there is a hologram of MJ and you really feel like you are at an MJ concert. The music was great and although our seats were so close we could see some mistakes the acrobats made it was still an off the chart amazing show. After a while all cirque de soleil show are the same but this one memorable due to MJ theme. I really love MJ so I truly loved this show. I recommend it and I wouldn't be opposed to seeing it again.
5	Low on acrobatics, but high on entertainment. This is by far, one of my favorite cirque shows!  It's a trip back to memory lane and a heart pounding 90 minutes that will have you on the edge of your seat.  There's a lot to appreciate about this show -- the sound, the stage, the set, the costumes, the incredible dancers, the (reproduction?) of MJ's music, etc... So much to appreciate that I would even recommend it to those who aren't a huge fan of MJ.
5	We have seen most of the shows in Vegas and were excited to to see something different I heard that this show was good from a friend of mine but it exceeded all my expectations. I am not a huge Michael Jackson fan, but who doesn't like him and appreciates his music. We had fairly good seats in the front but the auditorium is large and open as the set up is such that the show can be seen really well from all angles and levels. The show was a Cirque du Soleil show and the acrobatics did not disappoint but what impressed me was the storyline of the show and how the dancing went really well with all the songs and really reminded me of Michael Jackson's talents. It also got emotional when they showed him as a child and played some of his music from the olden days. A lot of people in the auditorium where actually crying at some point. There were a couple of very small mistakes including some lights not showing up but there was so much action going on all the time that the mistakes went by unseen by most. The show is about two hours and is very action filled and incorporates the whole auditorium. Definitely one of the best, if not the best show I have seen in Vegas. A must see for everyone
1	Love MJ and grew up with his music - the show is just awful and he must be rolling over in his grave since he was such a perfectionist... None of those performers would have shared the stage with him if he were alive, but I mostly blame the production. Again, just awful...  I left feeling sad and wanting to send the family money so they wouldn't license such great A-quality work to a high school musical - if you love MJ, you probably won't like this show
5	This show is well worth seeing when in Las Vegas.  I agree with what is said in all of the reviews. I'm not, however a big fan of Cirque du Soleil or a super fan of Michael Jackson so coming to Michael Jackson One was a bit of hard sell. The Cirque shows do differ a lot in tone so it's not always so Black or White in deciding whether to see a Cirque du Soleil show.  But i'm happy I did agree to see Michael Jackson One.  If you want to see a great show in Las Vegas This is It.It was definitely a Thriller. I thoroughly loved the show.  I think it part because there wasn't a lot of the acrobatics which seem to be everywhere nowadays. Nor was it a strange collection of oddities like contortionists or novelty acts.The music of course is great but the show itself is amazing.  Having been to other Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas I've not only been bored but almost eager for the show to end. I couldn't wait to Beat It out of the theater. This was not the case at all with Michael Jackson One.  The show kept my interest and just kept getting better and better.  The music, the sets, the dancers (I amazed there's not Blood on the Dancefloor!) and some Off The Wall "special effects" all make for a fantastic experience.  I was disappointed when it was over.  They stopped before I got enough!I can only imagine if you are a fan of MJ and or Cirque du Soleil how much you would enjoy the show all the more.  If you want to stand up and cheer afterwards You are Not Alone!  It's obviously a crowd pleaser.  It's both a celebration and tribute to Michael Jackson and one is reminded bittersweetly the Price of Fame.  Either way you leave the theater thoroughly entertained.
5	If your a fan of Michael Jackson this is a must see. I'm not going to spoil it for anyone but it's a must see. It was a visual orgy of colors stunts and music. Truly an amazing show.
5	MJ legendaryThis show was pretty amazing.  Had a great time and brought MJ back to life during the 90min show.Something worth watching for those who seek a show in Sin City.  Located in Mandalay Bay and is quite a hike to the venue (located close to Delano).  However, when you get closer, the posters and wall decor can make you smile and reminisce the feelings  of MJ's presence and inspiration.Don't want to share the details as it should be enjoyed through the acts on stage. Last worthy show to indulge
