4	The 9th Day of Christmas.I've been waiting for Pink Box to open ever since I drove by with my son and saw the sign, less than a mile from my house.  Danger, danger, arteries!  Today is opening day and, as you'd expect on opening day, there are some newbie adjustments to be made.  There were not a lot of doughnuts in the case when I just visited, as they'd sold out of a bunch prior to my arrival--I'm not the only one who was excited for the opening.  However, the kind and friendly folks there were making more as fast as possible, so, if you go today or this weekend, have some mercy and understanding.  I was able to snag a couple of cinnamon doughnuts (my fave), a rainbow sprinkle, and a blueberry cake--so far, so yummy.  Welcome to the 'hood, Pink Box--I'm sure this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship and I can't wait to try the Fat Elvis!
5	Best apple fritter EVER!  If you love a crispy, flavorful apple fritter, look no further. Top notch. Welcome to the neighborhood!
1	We got there just before 9 and supposedly they were cooking them fresh, but the ones my husband and I got looked good, sounded good, but were pretty tasteless hard and kind of skimpy on the filing. For how much you pay its a rip off.  Gas stations and grocery stores have better donuts.
2	I was on vacation in L.V. for the New Years celebration.  I went in at 8:30 am and the selection was already slim.  I thought this was a good sign of good donuts.  I bought a dozen of mixed and specialty donuts.  Got home and I couldn't wait to start eating.  Lets just say their donuts are not what I am use to.  The donuts are very DENSE, not light and fluffy the way I like them.  The specialty donuts are definitely unique.  Some were good tasting, others not so much.  My wife liked the Fat Elvis.  The Apple Fritter lacked the apples.  It was a thick DENSE cake with very little apple flavor.  If you like a heavier and a more dense donut, then you will love this place.
2	It PAINS me to write this review after so many great ones. I actually met I think the  the owner in the local Smith's grocery store  about a month or so before it opened. The guy asked me if I had facebook and I immediately said mmmmm..NO. (I didn't know who he was) He then said that if I did, he wanted to ask if I could "Like" his donut shop on FB that will be opening. I had two thoughts after this #1-How could I "Like" something that hasn't opened yet and #2-OMG a new donut shop, I'm soooo excited! I told him that I will be there as SOON as they opened!I would first like to say that my LOVE not like but my  LOVE of donuts are SERIOUS.However, in fairness I am a glazed twist type of gal. I HATE donuts that aren't fresh, I hate them so much that I arrive usually at donut shops as early as I possibly can to get the fresh batch! Onto the actual review....The shop is so CUTE! PINK EVERYWHERE! The customer service was AWESOME. The guy with the pink shirt was so friendly and asked all my questions. I looked at the options of the donuts and was a little frightened..I'm not the adventurous type. After looking at bacon donuts and bleu cheese mixed maple..somethin..somethin..apple..idk I picked a simple GLAZE and JELLY donut. I was so happy because the guy told me that the glaze was FRESH. I couldn't even wait until I got home to eat it! I felt the warmth of the glaze from inside the bag!! How can you drive all the way home with knowing that?NOT I!!! So I grabbed that beautiful warm donut  and took a huge bite. My first thought was CRUNCHY..CRUNCHY? The inside wasn't as "fluffy", as I would've liked. It was more of a FRIED HARD DUMPLING with glaze. It was more of a CAKE DONUT texture inside rather than a...fluffy..light donut. The inside tasted like it had maybe nutmeg or cinnamon or..both which was a DIFFERENT taste.I just wasn't expecting it. My purpose of getting a SIMPLE donut was to to get a SIMPLE donut. I dont think this is a SIMPLE donut place! I went home and tried the jelly donut. The "jelly" was sour, it seemed homeade but..sour. My bf liked the orignal glaze but didn't like the jelly filled at all. He thought it was pretty sour too. He only liked the original glaze when it was warm, apparently it tasted "DIFFERENT" when it cooled off. That was just his opinion.The icing they put on their donuts aren't enough for ME. I would like a balance of the Krispy Kreme and Winchells icing amount. ughh I feel so bad doing this review because I think the people were soooooo NICE, but it just wasn't what I was a fan of. I think I was looking for a SIMPLE..BORING donut place and got..if Dr Seus owned a donut shop place. If you're looking for something different try them out! This just wasn't a good fit for me sadly.
2	My daughter had read about Pink Box and wanted to try while she was home for the holidays'.  I ran down there as i had read if you get there too late, they'll be out of items.  I thought 7:30 am was a good time since they open at 6:00.  The case was only half full and I was the only person in the store so I thought they'd had a good run.  I was told over and over that the items i wanted weren't ready yet and it would be a while.   I ended up picking a couple of doughnuts to try them out.  Neither daughter ate a full doughnut as they're very heavy and too doughey.  Glad we tried but wouldn't do it again.
2	Too cute... not enough substance. Making a good donut isn't too difficult but these guys want to turn up the science and creativity level all of which is completely unnecessary. The dozen I bought for my overweight office has had a hard time finding any takers. This could be because the donuts are overcooked and to the sight are not appealing. Once they are in your mouth much doesn't change either. They are crispy when they should be fluffy. When it comes to donuts I like to keep it simple... chocolate bars, devils food, rainbow sprinkles... nothing too crazy. I tried the sweet potato donut but wasn't impressed. Tune down the fancy, don't overcook and keep it simple! I may try it again, but I'd rather eat at Winchell's or the donut shop on Durango & N I-215 any day of the week instead of Pinkbox.
2	It pains me to say that  cant give Pink Box more than 2 starts. We live less than 2 miles away and without any good dough nut places around we were very excited for the opening of Pink Box. The girls were very nice in there but the Doughnuts just don't excite me. They are thick and dense and the chocolate glazed hardly had chocolate on it. They were out of a few flavors and we were there at 10:30. We were told they open at 6am and when they run out they run out. Not sure what a great marketing idea this is when you have to get out of bed at the crack of dawn  to get the flavor you want. Although they are so close to my house i much rather drive the extra time to DD. Sorry Pink Box maybe give you another try in a few months.
4	I've been anxiously waiting for Pink Box to open since it's close to my office.  Sure enough, they opened while I was out of the country and I made coming here my top priority as soon as I got back.They're open at 6am and today I got a cup of Pink Box Blend coffee, Fat Elvis, Chocolate-filled, Raspberry-filled and Campfire Smores doughnuts.  I liked them all and I love how they have the classic flavors and also unique ones.  My favorite is the Campfire Smores doughnut - it has blow-torched marshmallows, chocolate and graham cracker crumbs on top.  I was worried that it'll be too sweet but it wasn't.  The Fat Elvis has chocolate, caramelized banana on top and peanut butter inside.You can get a dozen doughnuts for $8.50 and a cup of coffee for $1.50!I wish they would come up with other flavors too like green tea doughnuts!  I'm all for supporting local businesses and I'm hoping they would reach Top Pot Doughnuts is to Seattle, Pink Box is to Las Vegas status.  Just add a few more flavors and coffee options.
5	As a connoisseur of gourmet baked goods I placed much scrutiny over the half dozen of assorted beauties I purchased from Pink Box today.  The staff were very friendly and accommodating, the branding simply charming, the product delectable!  Not overly sweet, cake-like yet crispy, lavish fillings - perfect!   I would drive for miles for these divine delicacies.  Unfortunate for my waistline, Pink Box is located just down the road.....
4	Been back since my last review when they first opened. Much better! Love the service and donuts!
5	My hubby and I, chefs who work on the strip, decided to check out this new donut shop and immediately thought of our favorite place back in Oregon who also uses pink boxes. Fresh high quality ingredients makes these "dough" nuts not just baked sugar. So if you rather have stuff that's loaded with preservatives and fake flavors then please stick to your big name brand store.  These doughnuts far exceeded our expectations. Absolutely amazing combinations of flavors and textures. The Date With A Nutty Pig is my fav by far, and my hubby loved the Fat Elvis! We will be returning as often as possible!
5	Just happened to walk in on opening day. Great customer service. It's always nice when an employee can hold a coversation with the customer. Makes me feel appreciated as a customer. Great selection, loved the maple bacon bar...
5	Good friendly service. Good donuts. The Bavarian cream was large and full! The selection was great! Been in several times, and I have become impressed with the extremely friendly service!
4	First of all I am a doughnut junkie I friggin love em,  I have been to numerous shops that are rated best in the country, Doughnut Plant in New York, Round Rock Doughnuts in Austin...ect. So I feel I really know what to expect from a good doughnut. This was my second trip to PBD which is as bad as the first, on my first visit they had just been open for a week, so I let everything slide and decided I would give them another shot.My second visit started out just like the first, the showcases almost empty and not much to choose from. They did have the large tray holder out and I had to keep asking what's that and he would pull out the tray to show me what was not in the case.Ok, now for the quality, these boys need to visit a few doughnut shops around the country, they need learn the doghnut biz. The dougnuts are not even soft, the glaze on the doghnuts are so thin you can see the bread underneath showing through. But the worst part of this visist was how they packed the doughnuts (you can see a pic #51 of it on thier yelp page) They just threw them on top of each other and just kept stacking them one on another, and this was done by the spiky hair manager. I was totally wrong in this review and should have made a third trip to PBD before reviewing. I now really really love their donuts especially the maple bacon, i am now a very good customer. They have very creative and super tasty donuts anyone would love.
4	Just got a pink box full of donuts! The decor is cute and sweet, you're welcomed by charming staff and sweet aroma of donuts...what more could you ask for?? We got the $8.50 dozen of donuts! They had some crazy specialty donuts like the maple bar with bacon! There was bacon on top of the maple bar....that makes me nervous! But they only had 2 left, someone loves them!! My only complain is when we got home I dove right into eating the raspberry filled donut...except they forgot the filling!!!!!! I was so upset but the donut was delish regardless so I wasn't mad for long! Just be careful Pink Box, I don't want that to happen to someone that is a stickler! Overall, great experience and can't wait to be back to try the Apple Fritter donut!
4	I have read through other reviews for this location and it's sad to see that they can't catch a break. I will agree that their donuts do not taste like the "mainstream flavor" I've come to expect from donut shops over the years. The texture is definitely not as soft 'n fluffy as I expected upon my first visit here. with that said...I do love the inventive flavors that they create on a daily basis. How many places can you find a donut filled with blue cheese among other creations? How about real raspberries for a "jelly filled" or campfire s'mores with gooey marshmellow goodness? Before you consider going elsewhere, give this Pink Box location a break and try more flavors! Until you've had at least 5 different varieties then your opinion shouldn't rule the entire menu. One of my absolute favorites is the simplicity of the glaze. Yummy!Affordably priced, they also serve coffee & bottled beverages, and the employees are cool, too. Watch for the owner in his signature styles that have a 70s vibe and retro flare... hehe!
5	I'm glad this place is over 20 miles from where I live, and I'm glad I don't come to this side of town that often!I love a twist on foods, like I like nachos, but I love potato chip nachos, I like hot wings, but I love sesame honey glazed wings.So when I saw this Pink Box on yelp, I had to check it out.  We were heading that way anyway, so it was perfect.  So I got the elvis , ummm, I know it had a banana slice on it, and a peanut butter filling in the middle, wow, that was good!  I know we asked for the strawberry donut, but I'm not sure if that's what we got, but it had a splash of filling in it and come kind of cornflakes on top!  That was the healthy part!  loll   Then my last but not least, I got the sa'more!  I really liked all of them.  They also threw in the sweet potato donut, I think this is what everyone orders!  I don't like sweet potatoes, so I wasn't going to buy it.  I was surprised, my husband didn't order it.  He said it didn't sound good in a donut!  Well to my surprise!  I loved it!  It didn't taste like a sweet potato!  I would for sure add that to my next order.This is my favorite donut shop now!  Thanks to the yelpers, I never would have known about this place.
5	Well we went back for seconds,  Yep, I got the sweet potatoe, it was so good, I also tried the maple bacon....yep I went there.  It was interesting!   He also gave us something free, he said it had ham and some other stuff in there.  He also said it was messy, and not to eat it in the car, because I might make a mess all over my clothes that I had on.  I haven't had a chance to try it yet.  I think I will have to eat it in the morning for b-fast.  I will update, this update, when I check it out.
5	love these donuts....just what I need another bad habit. Apples fritters to die for!
4	First, I want to say I am super glad a donut place is now in this area of town. I shop over here for groceries regularly and always was sad that there wasn't a donut place in this shopping area on Lake Mead, so that's a huge plus.  Okay, maybe not  a huge plus for  my diet but hey, gotta get a treat now and then, right?So I made my first trip to Pink Box recently, got a dozen which was slightly over $9.00 which is a great price for these somewhat more upscale donuts.  Here's a brief listing of what I got and my opinion of the quality:raspberry filled - definitely can taste the difference between the gloppy commercial fillings and the fresh raspberry filling at Pink Box.  It was good, my only recommendation would be to maybe not fill them quite so full, the raspberry gets very messy and runs everywhere since it isn't quite as thick as the usual glop fillings used in chain donut places. .  Also, I would prefer a glaze rather than sugar on top, as the "grit" factor gets a bit high between the sugar grit and the few raspberry seeds (not a big deal, but there's room for improvement).  But for those of you who are used to artificial goopy raspberry fillings in chain donuts, your tastebuds need to be re-awakened  with fresher flavors and I do believe that's what you will get at Pink Box.  With some  tweaking, I would probably buy more of their raspberry filled.The vanilla sugar donut was very nice - light, sweet taste, pleasant donutChocolate glazed - yum, the chocolate is a full-bodied dark  chocolate tasting, you can really tell the difference between this chocolate glaze and the "meh" commercial glazes used at chain places.    Bavarian cream filled - again, very nice, fluffy light and goodPlain glazed - nice...maybe a little  dry but a minor issue.  I must confess, I'm partial to  Krispy Kreme when it comes to plain glazed donuts but that's just me and in no way takes away from the Pink Box plain glazed.  Perfectly acceptable and satisfying.Maple bar - light, not heavy sludgy like some maple bars I've had at commercial chain joints. Not over sweet, just a refreshing maple flavor on the glaze.Chipotle - this was a special flavor of the day - didnt work for me, wayyyy too hot and spicey, but hey, nothing ventured, nothing gained, and I appreciate a place where there's a fun new donut to try and experiment with.  Fat Elvis- peanut butter, glazed banana on top, yum, enjoyed it and would order it again.  They didn't have any of the sweet potato donuts that day so didn't get a chance to try those but will in future.  Overall, I have no complaints about Pink Box.  Very pleasant and friendly staff, efficient, clean and a much needed addition to the neighborhood.  I do feel that by tweaking and playing with their recipes somewhat  they will find the pefect blend of regular standbys and experimental fun stuff.  I also agree with the reviewer who said that many people are so used to over processed mass produced donuts full of air that they no longer know what a fresh donut tastes like.  I was there around 10am and they were fully stocked, lots to choose from. You won't find all the different varieties every day, but plenty enough to get a good sampling.  They also have a couple of outside tables which will be pleasant when the weather is  warmer.  I didn't try  the coffee so can't comment on that one way or the other. While there was nothing here that utterly blew me away (well, maybe the chocolate glazed did,  with the  very nice dark chocolate flavor), I will definitely be back. There's certainly nothing here to dislike, just certain donuts that may or may not be to your style.   Next time I'll try the s'mores and a few of the other popular flavors.  Lots more to try, and I will be back!
5	Went there last weekend & got a good variety of doughnuts. Very unique . I thought they were really good & can't yet to go next weekend!!
4	Chocolate cake with almonds is amazing!  Only tried one so far-but I am a fan!So first off, I gotta say that I love my office peeps.  We all love our sweets but can control ourselves...kind of.  None of us wanted to eat a whole doughnut, but let me clarify:  we all wanted some of each one!!  We cut each one into fours (halves if filled) and then we would snag a piece here and there all day long.  Yup, I am full of doughnuts today!!So first off the cake doughnuts are freaking awesome-I do tend to lean towards a cake doughnut when choosing-A great crunch and not overly sweet.  We had plain cake with chocolate frosting-yum, chocolate with chocolate frosting-meh, chocolate with chocolate frosting with almonds-yum yum, plain cake with pink frosting and sprinkles and with coconut-these were my favies, raised cake filled lemon-the lemon is from real lemons and good but did not care for the raised itself, raised filled with whip cream-again filling is good but I don't care for the raised, and the Bavarian Cream filled was another raised and I had had enough of those although the cream was really yummy.All in all, I thought they were really good and the price is great as well.  Next time I will delve into the specialty doughnuts, but I didn't want to waste the extra "dough" if the basics weren't good.  ;)
5	Their chocolate cake doughnuts and maple bars were awesome.  Great selection! I'll be heading back soon to pick up a dozen for my co-workers.
5	Great service and awesome donuts with some interesting flavors.
5	WHY am I giving this donut shop 5 stars ?   Because these donuts warrant 5 stars,  they are made "with love", and it shows.  These donuts are a cut above the rest,  they are a tad more expensive  -  but you generally have to pay for quality.  WhenI say a tad more expensive,  I mean just that,  a tad,  a tich,  a smidgeon.The premium donuts,  like "The Fat Elvis", and those killer apple fritters,  oh,  and those maple bars with BACON on them -- they cannot be beat. There are manyI haven't tried yet.Friendly service and great donuts. That's all you can ask for. If you can't  dig these,  then nothing is going to fix you.
3	They get extra points in my book for their creative selections, though I was a little disappointed that they were out of several that I wanted to try by 10 am.The doughnuts were pretty good, though some sounded better on paper than in execution.  Still, I would give them another try if I am up early enough to get access to the rest of their selection.
1	Donuts are greasy.  Selection is limited. Employees and who I can only guess is an owner are very arrogant. FYI, putting bacon on a maple bar isn't original, putting cereal on a cake donut isn't inventive. Seems like someone over at pinkbox was watching the travel channel or food network one day and saw a segment on voodoo donuts in Portland and assumed they were the only person in town to see it.
5	I've read the good. I've read the bad. And I noticed something as I read the reviews. Most of the bad reviews came within a month of them opening. I don't know if they had a rocky start where they were trying to figure everything out, but if that's the case I'm glad I waited until today to try them.I bought a dozen doughnuts for my office which included all the gourmet doughnuts and some of their specialty doughnuts as well. Their cake doughnuts have just the right bite to them, with the sweet potato doughnut being my favorite of this group. And even though they didn't invent the maple bar with bacon on it (some reviewer earlier seemed to hold this against them, as if anybody outside of Voodoo Donuts in Portland shouldn't even be allowed to make them) but they did it justice. To be honest, there wasn't a doughnut that didn't wow me. As for the staff, they were all very friendly, courteous, polite and helpful. Whatever bugs they were working out when they opened, they have taken care of. I will definitely be back...probably much more than I should. P.S. As for the reviewers who complained that most of the doughnuts were gone by 10:00 AM, maybe that says something about the quality of those doughnuts and maybe you should just try to get there before then to enjoy them. They open at 6:00 AM.
1	The name and the signage of this place gave me high hopes, but these doughnuts are awful.  I'm all for fresher ingredients that a standard doughnut place, but these have almost no flavor.  The jelly filling is not in the least bit sweet.  It's actually a little tart.  The "raised" versions are not raised at all, but are very cake like.  I haven't tried the "cake" version, because the "raised are already far too dense.  The flavors are much too mild. I've ordered the glazed twice. One had no glaze at all, but was plain, and the next had barely a drizzle.  The sweet potato is ordinary, the jelly is flavorless, the buttermilk style is so-so but almost too dense.  I've had 3 visits in hope to find something good, but have found nothing at all.  Had high hopes, but no luck.  Oh, also, the overcharge. After mentioning problems with a couple of doughnuts they offered to give me a replacement.  On both visits, I realized when I left they charged me for what the offered for free.  My fault for not catching that the second time.
5	Incredible place!  Traditional doughnuts with a non-traditional twist!  I love the creative combinations and most definitely see Pink Box Doughnuts going taste-bud viral!  While Los Angeles may have Sprinkles Cupcakes to brag, Las Vegas has Pink Box Doughnuts ready to go global!
4	Ate here recently and liked it.  I think for the most part you can ignore the Negative Nellies on here...at least some of these donuts are top notch and deserve praise.  The apple fritter specifically - I like it better than any I've had in the area (previous champ = Winchells).  I also liked the boston creme and cake-like donuts.  And, the price is decent, $12.50 for a dozen of basically any 12.  Now there is some bad news and this is more subjective than anything.  The peanut butter/banana one did not do it for me.  I thought it might but it did not.  Also the smores doughnut was good but it (for me anyway) could have used some "stuffing" inside.  Maybe some hersheys or marshmellow creme would have made it even better.  I got there at like 8am, had my run of the place.  I don't think it's that odd at all to get to a doughnut shop at 10am and find they are out of everything good.  If anything that's typical (except for maybe Krispy Kreme) and I buy doughnuts all over town several times a month.If you like apple fritters please try this place.  If you like doughnuts in general also consider popping in.  I mean a half dozen is what $5 or so - shouldn't break the bank and you probably will be pleasantly surprised.
5	friggin great donuts and  i love the diff flavors!!!!
5	So I happened upon this new dough nut store and thought it would be a nice treat for my son. I was excited to see a bunch of different types of dough nuts that I have never heard of before. Loved the cranberry white chocolate, and the sweet potato ones. Its not your average run of the mill dough nut shop. Everything is baked in house by a chef that puts crazy combinations together. The coffee was also amazing. The service was very personal and I like that. I can't wait to go back.
3	I was overwhelmed at the beauty of the selections,gorgeously decorated with mouthwatering combinations... and the friendly and helpful staff. But here comes the hard part... I was under whelmed by the flavor... the taste didn't pack the punch of the  presentation. We ordered four donuts and split them each to try. The maple bar with bacon bits should have produced a sweet and sour explosion it promised, as well as the cranberry vanilla, but both fell flat. The subtle nuance that the combination of flavors suggested just was not there. Even the sweet potato... didn't taste like sweet potato, but it was a good cake doughnut. The raspberry filled Bismark, again was good, but no different then the grocery store.
4	This would have absolutely been 5 Stars if they had crullers!!!  Chocolate crullers are my fave but I guess you can't win 'em all.Anywhosers, I loved this place.  The staff was incredible.  Really friendly at 8am (try to get me to be nice to you before I've had my coffee, I dare you) which did not go without appreciation.  I think the guy that answered the phone's name was Zach...or at least I hope it was.  He was a very spritely gentleman, and I think he's the owner.They have some really interesting selections, I didn't get to try the ones I picked out though...I brought the two dozen I bought to the office and they disappeared.  Best part about Pink Box: it's local.
5	I literally had a dOughgasm!Soooo I've traveled to Timbuktu and to Christmas Island, I am a self proclaimed "doughnut junkie" want to desperately develop coronary artery disease.... I KNOW A GOOD DOUGHNUT!Just kidding. This place isn't your typical shit show of a doughnut shop. They don't claim to be award winning, nor do they compare themselves to a million star joint in New York. THEY DO THIS BECAUSE THEY LOVE IT! And they are damn good at it! Upon entering this cute hot pink establishment, you see shelves of yummy doughnuts. Make sure to come earlier otherwise you may miss out. I mean, why make a shit ton of doughnuts then waste them? Better this way! Cost effective! They use good ingredients not some filler or MSG like other places. When they first opened they were rough, just like any place, but they've pretty much got their shit together and are doing an awesome job! In addition to doughnuts they also sell the essentials! Milk and coffee!My favorites:Apple fritter (MFing AMAZING!)Chocolate whipped filledGlazed cake (SOOOO AIRY AND LIGHT not all nasty and heavy with diabetes inducing amounts of glaze. Perfect amount of glaze IMO)Cake with chocolate and coconut shavingsCake with sprinklesThey have some standard doughnuts, but they always have new ones! Another awesome thing they do (I'm sure those "top notch" joints in NY and BFE don't do!) is if you like their page on FB you can suggest flavors and what not! AWESOME!I will continue to come here for their stupendous quality, cheap price, and AMAZING WONDERFUL LOVELY customer service! Like I said, get there early! You will not be sorry!
4	I rarely have a doughnut. I think most doughnuts, like breakfast places, are exactly the same. That or they're notably terrible. It's a black and white world. However, I heard about this place and saw a picture of the Fat Elvis and had to give it a shot.I pretty much ordered one of everything. I will say, with confidence, everything is fresh and delicious. Given, I still think doughnuts are mostly hype, but these had measurable freshness. There is a good mix of "bready" texture and "pastry" in the mix. It's just right. The Fat Elvis definitely stole the show for me. Even a simple cake covered in chocolate with peanuts sprinkled on top was a little more impressive than the competition. Oddly, though, my typical favorite doughnut - the apple fritter - was a bit underwhelming compared to some others I've had.So, why not 5 stars? Because it's just a doughnut shop in terms of appearance and ambiance and there is definitely more to be had. Unless I just don't understand that people never stick around with doughnuts anyway.
4	I love that they rotate flavors! My favorites so far are one of the specials with white chocolate and dried cranberries and the Nutty Pig (I picked one with just a bit of blue cheese).
4	Plain glazed was okay, but the others really shone! Sweet potato is awesome in it's simplicity, it's a nice moist cake donut with exceptional flavor. Raspberry filled has great flavorful filling that SCREAMS real berries. The lemon pie was filled rather unevenly, made it harder to divide up so everyone got some lemon filling! The maple bacon was another "good but just alright donut". The Fat Elvis was awesome, but I think it would really shine with chunky PB inside! All-in-all I'm eager to check them out again and try some more flavors!
4	I'm not the guy with the biggest sweet tooth, I can usually get away with having no dessert and be ok.  But every so often I do get the craving for a nice, fresh doughnut.  Not one that's been sitting at the local Walmart for 3 days in a row and is still semi-soft, or one overly sweet as Krispy Kreme can be.  When I want a doughnut, I want it fresh and made with real ingredients.  A doughnut that if I don't eat it within 24 hours it's just not good.  And if all preferences were possible, I would love that doughnut to be warm.  There is something to be appreciated about a warm, fresh plain glazed or cake doughnut.  It just hits warm memories for me.  Pink Box Doughnuts is fairly new to the neighborhood and is actually a less than 10 minute drive from where I live.  That makes it way too easy!  As for most, doughnuts are throughly enjoyed in the morning with a warm beverage or some milk.  Pink Box is busiest during the early morning hours.  The smell of fresh doughnuts being fried can be quite intoxicating.Pink Box can easily be found off the intersection of Buffalo and Lake Mead.  Just look for the big pink sign!  Upon entering you will notice the theme of pink around the entire place.  For some reason it just seems fitting.  It really makes you feel like you're in the mood for a doughnut.  The morning we went there it was busy.  The line was nearly out the door.  Good sign!  Doughnuts from Pink Box come in three different categories and price points:-$1.00 for Classic doughnuts-$1.25 for Specialty doughnuts-$1.75 for Gourmet doughnutsClassic doughnuts include plain and glazed, cake doughnuts, blueberry, and a few other flavors to choose from.  Specialy donuts are kicked up a notch, and include the doughnuts that have filling to them, including, raspberry jelly, Boston Creme, chocolate, among a few other various choices.  The Gourmet doughnuts are where Pink Box goes all out with some wacky creations.  From treats like a S'mores doughnut, Macha Green Tea doughnut, to the ever-popular Fat Elvis (one of my favs filled with peanut butter and topped with banana), it is a sight to behold.  Imagination gone wild!A dozen of the Classic and Specialty donuts will set you back about $8.50.  There is a nominal extra fee if you want to include Gourmet doughnuts in your dozen.  But you shouldn't have to pay more than $10 for a dozen of all the ones you want the most, so go buck wild!  Get all those crazy flavors!  And of course, your dozen will come in a requisite PINK BOX.  It just makes it all seem so officially snazzy.  We met the owner that morning, and he is beyond a nice guy.  Very friendly and very knowledgeable in all his doughnut types.  I don't plan on being at Pink Box EVERY morning, but when I do want that occasional doughnut I won't mind coming back here.  A lot of dough(nut) for not a lot of dough!  DOH!
5	This place has so many creative options and the staff is so friendly & helpful!
4	What a great concept, cute names for some sweet treats!  I love the tiny shop with pink attire.  The hours are 6am to 3pm and we were stopping in around 1pm in the afternoon, so the selection was limited, but we still managed to go a couple of "Fat Elvis".  Peanut butter and banana on top a glazed donut, oh, so yummy.Would like to try others, perhaps a early morning run is necessary!
5	as my sister in law would say.. "donuts are the new cupcake!"  and I couldn't agree more!  We came here after hiking red rock and got a dozen donuts (only $8!! way cheaper than a dozen cupcakes)  we were able to get a lot of flavors.. .my favorite was the fat elvis while my husband, his brother, and my sister in law loved the nutty pig.  it was a donut filled with blue cheese, balsamic vinegar, dates, bacon and some other stuff.  it sounds really weird but it went together pretty nice.  it wasn't my favorite, but I still enjoyed it myself.  I live in henderson, but I would definitely make the drive out to summerlin again to enjoy some delicious donuts from this place!
3	These are my initial thoughts:- Decent flavors: i went later in the day, so selection was spotty, but they obviously had all the usual suspects as far as the deep fried dough menu is concerned.- Unique: I tried & liked the sweet potato doughnut.  Sweet, a little spice, & of the cake variety (vs. yeast raised)- Pricey: I bought a half dozen & 1 specialty and the price came out to $7ish, which seems a bit hard on the wallet for doughnuts.Lastly, I think that unique ingredients for the sake of being different isn't a reason to create.  If it is not only uniquely made but uniquely/exceptionally flavored, then do it.  I am referring to the sweet potato doughnut, I found to be ok, but didn't really notice any uniqueness.  If I hadn't known it was sweet potato, I would have thought it to be a dense, run-of-the-mill cake doughnut with some spices.In all fairness, I'll give it another shot, early in the morning, though, so I can really have a good selection.
4	I had driven by Pink Box Doughnuts several times without so much as a second look. That is until a recommendation from a friend led me to the discovery of some unique doughnut flavor combos. What stood out in my mind the most was the Fat Elvis, the Campfire S'mores, the Strawberry Cream Cheese Granola and the Maple Bacon Bar. When I first stopped in this past Saturday morning I ordered the first two as I did not see the latter two in the display case. The Fat Elvis was good but quite a mouthful. It is a doughnut stuffed with peanut butter and topped with chocolate glaze and a piece of fried banana. Without a drink it was hard to swallow. Literally. The other doughnut, the s'mores one, I like in theory more than in reality. It was a regular chocolaye glazed doughnut with tosted marshmallow in the hole then topped with a few graham cracker crumbs. If I had the equipment and know how of making a donught, I would make a filled doughnut with marshmallow fluff in the middle, chocolate glaze on top and more coarse graham crackers rather than the fine crumbs. The way Pink Box make theirs was very tasty but extremely hard to eat. I ate in my car and made a huge mess. I had sticky peanut butter and chocolate glaze all over my hands like a little kid. As for the shop itself, it was busy on a Saturday morning as hundreds of kids were playing soccer less than a block away. Thankfully, rather than running things first come first serve, the staff helped people who were ready, like me, before finishing with the people taking longer like the family ahead of me. That was nice. I was worried it would take me forever in there.With the price of these doughnuts I do not see myself coming in frequently. They do run higher than regular doughnuts. But these, with some exceptions, are hardly regular doughnuts.
4	Love this place! Super cute shop and friendly staff. Doughnuts are fresh and yummy. So excited they finally opened!
4	I wouldn't say HOLY AS;LDKFJA;DFJJ PINK BOX DOUGHNUTS GET IN MY BELLY,but I would say that they're pretty good. I give it 4 stars because all three times I've gone, most of the donuts were already gone for the day, when I'd expect them to restock them regularly. Especially considering that I went fairly early. They have everything from sweet, to savory, to the classics. They also have a lot of their own creations.
5	This is an absolutely fabulous doughnut shop.  They make amazingly delicious doughnuts in flavors you would have never thought of.  Chocolate with cocoa  puffs.Or how about a maple bar with BACON. Yes I said it BACON.  How unique is that??? The service is just as great, friendly, fast, fresh!!!! I highly recommend it.
5	I shouldn't be so liberal to give out stars,but I like businesses that cut to the chase with no frills.  This review will be short because I havent tried anything else but what I went in to get.I like the service and enjoyed the donuts I had. I had the banana cream pie. It was delicious, and forgot I was actually eating a donut.I suggest you try it, I will add to this when I go back.
5	Love this place. Can't wait for the Guinness donuts tomorrow.
4	The place has a good feel to it. I entered and was welcomed with smiles. They had a fascinating assortments of donuts from classic to gourmet. The donut had a whole flavor and was sweet. My daughter loves it.
4	Still hunting for the ultimate donut has led me to Pink Box. After consulting with fellow Yelpers, I was intrigued by this place. Apparently, PB has some of the most unique flavors of donuts in Vegas, including the maple bacon. Fortunately, I had the opportunity to check out this place because, on this day, I had a doctor's appointment that was in close proximity to Pink Box.Pink Box is located in NW Vegas on Lake Mead Blvd and Buffalo, in the Summerlin Plaza. Since PB is located in a busy shopping center, parking here can be a little hectic.Inside, there is a small display case where they show their products. It is a small store, but it feels very warm and inviting.There are 3 types of donuts to choose here: Classics, Specialties, and Gourmet. Classics are your more traditional flavors, glazed, sprinkled, etc. Specialties are donuts that have a interesting, unique flavors. And Gourmets are donuts that have no rules, anything is "up for grabs". I checked out a couple from each category. (I actually chose 4, but the owner was cool enough to throw in some extras ones that I didn't have :)Classic Vanilla Sugar: My true measuring stick for any donut is either a glazed or sugar raised. The one at PB is good. A little bit on the chewier side IMO, but good nonetheless.Classic Blueberry Cake: This is where I think PB excels the most. Their cake donuts are Delicious!! Soft, but still had a nice chew, moist interior, and the flavors were well balanced. The blueberry flavor tasted like real ripe blueberries and was present throughout the donut.. Definitely, one of my faves here.Specialty Sweet Potato Cake: Once again, this cake donut was another home run. It was more dense due to the sweet potatoes present, but, it was still soft and moist, and the sweet  potato flavor was present, and not overpowering.Gourmet Campfire Smore: I liked the concept. It was a yeasted donut with a chocolate glaze, burnt marshmallows on top, and a cream filling. I thought it tasted good until the filling started overpower my mouth with sugar. I mean, this donut was SWEET!!Gourmet Fat Elvis: It's a well known fact that Elvis loved deep -fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches. PB's version used a bruleed banana on top, and a peanut butter and banana filling. Once again, it tasted good, but the filling was too overwhelmingly sweet, almost as if I stopped chewing midway through and was like, "This was pretty tough to finish..."Gourmet Date w/ a nutty pig: This is probably the closest thing we have in Vegas to the Maple Bacon Donut that other donut shops use in different states. PB's version uses caramelized bacon, maple glaze, figs, bleu cheese, toasted almonds, and a maple filling. Couldn't really taste the bacon or the fig, but I could taste the bleu cheese and almonds, moderately. Again, the filling sort of killed it for me.Overall, the yeasted donuts are a 3, and the cake donuts are 4.5, and the service was a 5, the owner was very helpful and generous. If they can figure out how to make their fillings less sweet, I think that the yeast donuts can go up to a 4, if not better. I was happy to try this place, but... off to the next one!!!!
4	BEWARE!!!!!!!This place is evil!! Pure evil I tell you!!!'Theres no other explanation for  how and why they exist except but to ruin diets everywhere.They're a brand new gourmet donut shop that really lives up to its name. They have a wide variety of donuts. There's a sweet but not too sweet sweet potato donut that I love even though I'm not a fan of sweet potato. There's maple bacon which is delicious. The donut everyone talks about is nutty pig. I tried it but its fine. My personal favorite is the fat Elvis. It's a peanut butter filled, chocolate frosting and banana topped piece of deliciousness that I would do dirty unspeakable things for. In fact the only two negatives of this place is that two of my favorite donuts white chocolate peppermint and strawberry shortcake never seem to ever actually be in stock and I've actually gone there and had them completely sold out which it's absolutely amazing and shows everyone loves them. Also, I'd love for them to be open later, me and all my friends have no problem eating donuts at any time of the day and due to working office I'm usually only able to go on weekends. But you can't always have it all. I still love them even if they are bad for my diet hahah
4	Quality items.   I was stopping by about three times a week when it first opened but  had to cut back when my pants became a bit snug.
1	I was all amped up to order a dozen of these "talked about" doughnuts but what good is it if your business is closed and it's past 6am? Maybe another day I will give this place another shot but not such a disservice  for a first potential customer....
5	Very good. Liked the fat Elvis and the sweet potato
2	Extremely disappointed in the service here . After driving for 30 minutes to get to this doughnut shop our friend convinced us to get up and go to we were left with a selection of 3 different types of doughnuts . We told them it was our first time and how far we had driven to come in . All we were told was oh well it's national doughnut day you should have come earlier . No coupon to get us to come back and I'm assuming the older man who opened the door for us was the owner and unlike one of the reviews where he gave them a free doughnut to try no offer or even attempt was made to make our trip worth it . The reason I'm giving it 2 stars was because of the actual donut, it was decent . The service was terrible . I definitely won't be driving out of my way to go there again .
4	Very cute concept, name etc.. We had a cocoa krispie covered chocolate donut. Who knew cocoa krispie's are what donuts have been missing?! It was very good to say the least. Unfortunately when we went it was later in the day, so there were none of those nutty pig or fat elvis donuts around. Will be back for a box when out of town guests need a quick breakfast.
5	I love this place strawberry shortcake doughnut is to die for. Not overly sweet just right.
5	Best Apple Fritters EVER! Went by to try to salvage a very disappointing day...did the trick :) Warm and crispy...yummy! And thanks for the warm cinnamon roll! My son loved it! If you haven't been here you need to drive over now!  The staff is so friendly and nice!!!  And of course the other doughnuts are the bomb!!
5	Always on the lookout for a great apple fritter.  Found it at Pink Box.  Light and not greasy.  They also have blueberry fritters.
5	OMG....donuts with maple and bacon.....actually, anythinkg with bacon, but these donuts are divine!!!!  Went here for the first time on Sunday, then again today to take some to my co workers.  Everyone loved Them.  Especially the Nutty pig and the maple bars with bacon.  Also tried the Smores, Fat Elvis, Chipoltle caramel and red velvet, all were very good.  We will definetly be back.
4	I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so a place like Pink Box never made it on my Yelp Bucket List (i.e. a bookmark).  But I get it.  If you do have a sweet tooth and specifically a love for a good donut, then Pink Box Doughnuts may be your final destination for that ever-tasting, "forget the rest" type donut.  Here, you'll find what I call "exotic" donuts.  These are donuts that you won't find at a Krispy Kreme, Dunkin Donuts, and Winchell's. The donuts here are over the top and just looking at one of these creations can give you a toothache.  My normal donut of choice is a simple glazed or maple bar.  But I didn't hit up Pink Box for something as vanilla as that.  So, I opted for their Nutty Pig.  This donut is all in the name. Nutty for the almonds and dates.  Pig is for the bacon bit that's thrown in.  Now add these toppings to a custard filled glazed donut.  Viola!..the Nutty Pig is born.  Fairly sized, but i still managed to eat this thing in less than 5 bites.  Definitely sugar overload for me, definitely a great treat for someone with a sweet tooth. The staff here is great.  At least 5 employees were here at the time and at least 4 of them welcomed us.  Pink Box is not the biggest donut shop, but huge on taste. For someone that doesn't frequent a donut shop, I gots to say "I'm a fan".
4	Let us take a moment to relish in the amazing that is called the "Apple Pie Fritter." This bear claw like doughnut is what perfection tastes like! It is seriously the best doughnut I've consumed...although it's not your traditional style doughnut in the sense.However, the most basic doughnut I had here, which was a choco covered Bavarian Creme, was easily my second favorite choice in the bunch! So much flavor hiding inside the soft fluffy creme...my mouth is watering just thinking about it!Ok, so what about all these other crazy concoctions? Fat Elvis, Nutty Pig, Bacon Maple Bars...these were all good in their own sense, but most of them felt like they were overdone, and had too much going on in each bite. Some will absolutely love this! I found it a little distracting....good, but not amazing like the others I just talked about!I am sure I will be back again!  Look for the guy with the bangs....ordering all the basic doughnuts!
4	Wow, some unbelievable combos of flavors done right. Lance, owner, very friendly is promoting his business in the right way.  After we got a half dozen he suggested a Nutty Pig and told us what was in it, who would have ever known reduced balsamic vinegar, nuts, dates, bacon, blue cheese, and cream cheese (think I got it right) would be so darn great! Lance knows his stuff and I'm hoping fellow Yelpers stop by this doughnut joint for some classic wonderful treats!  Suggestion, doughnut labels are hard to read.
4	I finally made it over to Pink Box Doughnuts to see what everyone has been raving about. I will say one thing, you cannot compare Pink Box to places like Dunkin' Donuts or Winchell's because they are simply different. After having Pink Box, I can't see ever going to one of those chains again when I can go to a locally owned shop and taste the love in each bite. These doughnuts are made from scratch daily.They have the doughnuts broken down into 3 different types: classic, specialty and gourmet. The classic such as "Glazed" or "Buttermilk" are $1 each. The specialty doughnuts like the "Bavarian Creme" are $1.25 each and gourmet favorites like the "Fat Elvis" or "Date With A Nutty Pig" are $1.75 each. They have half and full dozen boxes (pink of course!) with prices ranging from $8.50 - $12.50 for those.I saw on Facebook they were now selling "Cronuts" so of course I asked about those. They were sold out! I spoke with Lance behind the counter who said they had made Cronuts 3 times that day already. I went just after 11 am so apparently people are scrambling to try them. Not having tried the original from NYC, how can I really compare it though? I guess I just want to taste it and get some sort of idea what it might be like. I will try again! Lance says you can just call ahead and if they have the menu item you are looking for then they will hold it for you. So I decided that I needed to try the "Fat Elvis" after hearing about it and I am kicking myself for not trying this sooner. DELICIOUS! It is just flat out good! The Fat Elvis is topped with chocolate icing & a caramelized banana, and filled with a homemade peanut butter & banana filling. This doughnut had me feeling stingy since I didn't want to share a single bite with hubby, but I had to darn it!The 'Apple Fritter" needs some work. The texture is perfect. It is soft and chewy inside, and crunchy on the outside where it needs to be. The thing that gets me is why it's called an apple fritter if there are no apples in it? I didn't bite into a single apple! Boo-Hoo!When I saw a Doughnut with fruit loops on it I had to give it a try. I was told by a worker that this was called the "Fruit Loop Doughnut" and I get the fun concept, but it just doesn't work. The long glazed doughnut is really good, but the fruit loops they put on top just absorb the glaze they rest on so they are soggy and chewy. Last and certainly not least is the "Cinnamon Tornado" and I have to tell you, it lives up to the name. When I took the first bite it was like a tornado of instant flavor, and it seriously melted inside my mouth. Very yummy.There was a sign out front that said they are now open 24 hours on weekends.
5	Stopped here the day before my birthday to get my coworkers a treat. The doughnuts were fresh, the service was fast, and the prices were ok. Not cheap, but definitely ok. Where this place shines is in the creativity. The only one I remember in particular was the Fat Elvis, and that alone will keep me coming back for more. All of my coworkers were desperate to know where I got the doughnuts. If you're on this side of town, it's a must try.Edit: Now open 24 hours.
4	Well I finally got over to Pink Box Doughnuts and I am so happy I did!  They have some tasty doughnuts! Yummy!I had read some reviews prior to popping in and knew which doughnuts to look for in the case.  Not everything was available, but I did get some yummy options to snack on.  I ended up with some Fat Elvis' (is it Elvi when there is more than one?), Bacon Maple Bar, Strawberry Shortcake, Blueberry, Pink Snowball, Cookie N' Cream, and a couple regular style doughnuts.  We haven't eaten them all yet, as we have a little bit of restraint, but so far what we have tried have been great.  My favorite one was the Bacon Maple Bar.  I always dip bacon in maple syrup, so I knew I would like this one.  That first bite was a wonderful piece of nirvana in my mouth.  I saw stars and got weak in the knees as the flavors unfolded.  Delish!  My hubby has enjoyed his Fat Elvis and the Bavarian Cream ones.  My mom was visiting and snagged the Pink Snowball and said she may just like it more than me, her own flesh and blood!  The doughnuts were tasty but a little pricy at $12.50 for a dozen.  I get it, they are fancy and funky, but it still seemed a little high.  I will still go back from time to time though for that amazing Bacon Maple Bar.  Yummmm.
5	Easily the best doughnut's I have ever tried. My wife and I stopped by (we live on the other side of town) while were in the area, I had heard of Pink Box, but hadn't wanted to make the drive over. We tried 7 different  doughnuts, all of which were amazing. The 2 that really stood out are the cronut (stomps Kirspy Creme's hot doughnuts hands down) and the one w/ date's, bleu cheese, bacon and balsamic, it was an amazing and unexpected taste for a Doughnut. Simply put, the doughnuts are amazing, the staff is incredible, and it is easily worth the 30 minute drive to pick up some of their amazing treats.Eat Well Friends.
3	They are only getting a three because this is the first time I've been there and they are a small business.  Had this been a chain, it would have been less.  I was totally disappointed after seeing the pictures.  I mean the doughnuts looked SO good.  It could have been because it was unusually humid out there.  But the the "crunchy" stuff on the doughnuts were anything but.  The "Fat Elvis" filling was weird.  Maybe a peanut butter and banana filling, but it was almost bitter.  At almost $19 for a a dozen and a half(no bakers dozen here), I don't feel the quality was proportionate to the price of a Winchells.  I will probably try them again on a less humid day.  I also notice they are 24hours on the weekends, so maybe we got a bunch of old doughnuts.  Who knows.
5	Need I Say More?
3	Inventive for sure but overrated by far.
5	I think Pink Doughnut Box has unique doughnuts that are not too sweet or greasy.  They have some creative combinations.  My families and my favorites include: the Maple Bacon Bar, the Fat Elvis, and the Strawberry Shortcake.  The cashiers are always so friendly and welcoming.  All the doughnuts are made fresh daily. A bonus is that they are open 24 hours now :)
4	Staying open 24 hours on the weekend is an amazing idea from Pink Box. After a night out with friends, grabbing a dozen doughnuts seemed like the right thing to do. The only gripe I have would be the fact that they do not put out the apple fritters until 6am. Otherwise, the product and the service is fantastic. Majestic Megg working the counter definitely has more energy than anyone I have ever seen. I was falling asleep at 3am, but in her presence I was wired.The goods themselves are definitely top notch. The Baple Macon (As Majestic Megg) referred to them were some of the best I have had. The maple glaze had a thin exterior coat and then a gooey center. The fruity pebbles one was also delicious. There is no way to keep the cereal crunchy, but the flavor was good. The cake doughnut with lemon glaze compliments the topping well. The biggest disappointment I had was with the strawberry shortcake. It was just a few pieces of fruit with a whipped cream dollop. It could have used some Bavarian cream or custard.
4	Service was great! Doughnuts were super fluffy. Husband had the Elvis and chocolate filled. Elvis was a little too sweet and chocolate filled needed slightly more chocolate. Coffee was strong- which I appreciate and is what I was there for to begin with. This may become a frequent Sunday morning splurge.
4	Who thought you could call a donut clever?  The variety is incredible and it is just so much fun taste-testing - my family cuts 'em in half so we can increase our intake of different flavors.From the moment you arrive you are warmly greeted (is it true that it is Gramps who is welcoming visitors?), and for such a busy place they are quick, quick, quick!  And the prices are more than reasonable, actually cheaper for a dozen than other big-name places.On to the flavors...  We've tried the Fat Elvis and it's true, banana and peanut butter are very good together!  One of my favorites is the Snowball complete with pink frosting and shaved coconut on top.  The Fruity Pebble and Fruit Loops is fun, but too sweet for our taste.  The Red Velvet is nice, and the S'mores is a lot of fun too.  The Cronut is very tasty, crunchy sweet on the outside and tender goodness on the inside.  It's especially good when heated up in the microwave for about 10 seconds.
4	If you like donuts, this is your place.  The filled long johns are insane,  if I wasnt addicted to being a little skinny, I would weigh 300lbs by going here every day, but my metabolism is not that fast....lol.    BUT, a donut on the weekend, or once in a while, on the west side of summerlin at Buffalo and Lake Mead, by the starbucks, get a donut, you wont regret it, get a couple to go and promise yourself you will go to the gym and Wahhah  Pink Bliss!    Enjoy  4Star food, 5 star price!
2	I hate to rate this place so low, but it just isn't that good. I don't get the hype. My coworker brought in just about every single donut they sell, so I got a sample them all. Very comparable to a doughnut that you would get in the Smith's bakery section, with an added scoop of frosting or peanut butter. They aren't bad, they just aren't anything special. The red velvet donut is pretty good.. kinda taste like cake, but again nothing I haven't had before from Dunkin Donuts. I wanted to be fair in my review, so I stopped and tried a couple more doughnuts on another occasion. Same experience. If you really want a 4-5 star doughnut, go to Ronald's.
3	I can't give a review as I wanted to try their cronuts. But they don't serve it until 9am. WHY!? I need my cronuts....... I will have to come back the next time I am in town.
4	Visiting a new doughnut shop always fills me with mixed emotions. I am always excited to go somewhere new in the hopes that I might find some exciting food. Too often that excitement is quelled by finding the same offerings as the last new place I went to which had the same options as the one before it etc... Pink Box Doughnuts was an exception. There were so many different flavors and styles when I visited here. The flavor of the day was a Chipotle Caramel Glazed Doughnut. A perfect blend of spicy and sweet. I got there kind of late in the day so I was fortunate to get the last one. That should doughnut be static IMO.Another rock star was the Strawberry Shortcake. Fresh tasty berries with a dollop of sweet cream and a nice glaze drizzle but not overly sweet. Just the right amount of toppings to get all the flavors in every bite but not get it all over your shirt.Pink Box Doughnuts is definitely worth the drive across town for me.
3	So this is a review based off 1 item and my disappointment with the hours of this place. Stopped in Sunday morning and was lucky enough to get my hands on one of the last available "cronuts." Let's start there... having never had one before I didn't know what to expect. I had only seen pictures and heard wild rumors of this species. At first glance... the "cronut" at Pink Box looked similar to your standard glazed donut. This threw me off a bit as the pictures I had seen online of the original "cronut" they didn't look as glazed. At first bite, I was both in love and wondering if it was a bit over glazed. Was closer to a Krispy Creme glazed donut than I would have liked with the biggest difference being the flakiness of the croissant. Good thing I happen to love Krispy Creme donuts! So my big negative and head scratcher is the fact that they advertise outside the store front that they are open 24 hours on the weekend. With that in mind I figured I would come back after lunch out to grab a few other donuts to bring home. I knew I wouldn't get more cronuts but I had wanted to try others. To my surprise when I showed up at a 3pm... they were closed and had "run out of donuts" according to the sign on the door.Ummm.... excuse me??? How are you open 24 hours on the weekend and run out of donuts at 3 in the afternoon??? Aren't you a donut shop? Can't you make more donuts? Poor planning on their part. Being open 24 hours is difficult and they pretty much gave up halfway through the day.Anyway, the donuts looked amazing when I was there in the morning so I will be back to try... but I'll make sure to be there early since I obviously can't trust the hours. I'll make sure to update next time.
5	I saw the sign for Pink Box Doughnuts a few weeks ago and was intrigued since I'd never heard of them.  Checked out their website and some of the donuts reminded me of Voodoo donuts in Oregon.   When I saw that they were open 24 hours on Saturdays I decided I had to go and give them a try after work.I walked in behind one of those indecisive people who take forever to make a choice but I was in no hurry and wanted a chance to check out the selection.  Megan, who works behind the counter was great, very patient with this person and was able to help her make a decision.Decided to try a mixed selection.  The Bacon Maple bar is awesome, light donut with just the right amount of frosting and bacon.  Had to try the Fat Elvis since it's Elvis month, yummy, peanut butter and banana mixture inside had the perfect texture.  Still have a Pink Snowball and Lemon Pie set aside for tomorrow, sure, like I'll wait until tomorrow!!!!  Oh yeah, it's after midnight, it is tomorrow!Props to Megan, a great salesperson for the shop, perky for late at night and super helpful. Next week I'm trying the Sweet Potato donut.  Can't wait.
5	I stumbled upon this place when they first opened. My boyfriend lives down the street and we saw the sign COMING SOON. We were excited. I came here and ordered a variety of donuts. My personal favorite was the Fat Elvis. I love peanut butter and bananas and when you turn that into a dessert it's game over for me. They're now opened 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays. I'm here quite often when my boyfriend wants a donut at 3 in the morning...but only on Fridays and Saturdays. They're opened at 6 the rest of the week. Great tasting donuts all made from scratch. Delicious!
5	I love donut shops that offer Wonka-like crazy edibles in a glass case, and The Pink Box delivers.  From funky cereal-dipped to bacon-stuffed, rainbow colored to sprinkle enduced, creamy explosions to sticky love, Pink Box fulfills your donut cravings. This tiny shoppe stacks up on donuts you could go nuts for every single day.  Who doesn't like a beautiful pink box filled with donuts in the morning?  I love them.  The pink box signifies that there are fresh donuts waiting to be bitten in to, pulled on, or dipped in coffee.  Want bleu cheese with that?  They have it. Want bacon?  Easy.Need a banana peanut butter caramel fix?  Got it.How about the simple glazed or plain cake?  Of course.But I want cereal and a donut!  -- They do that.Pink box wraps their babies up in the cardboard box of love, ready and waiting for you to break the tape open and eat every last gooey crumb.  As I sit here, licking my lips and contemplating a way to sneak out of work just to drive 30 minutes for a donut from the Pink Box, I want you to stop reading.  Get in your vehicle now and grab some of these donuts because they go as quickly as they are placed on display.  Donuts should be a sweet adventure, and the Pink Box ensures you go on a different one every time.
4	Ok, I have now been here a few times and have definitely had a change of heart.  I still think their plain cake doughnut is a bit too plain, but I have discovered the following:- Fat Elvis: Like The King, it is fat, rockin', & makes you swivel your hips.- Nutty Pig: There are way too many things going on with this doughnut, but, when you get that bite that has all the crazy ingredients (Bavarian cream, maple icing, date, bacon, almond, bleu cheese, balsamic reduction) you see life through different eyes.- Baple Macon: A doughnut bar with bacon crumbles & a buttery maple glaze.  Best warm.- Cronuts: Buttery/greasy goodness of a deep fried glazed croissant.  I think it took a year off my life but was well worth the sacrifice.Please, you owe yourself to come in in the morning & sample these deep fried nuggets of pure goodness.
3	This place is clear across town for me. First time I went, it was closed because the fryer was down. But things happen. No biggie. Second time I went, I was lucky enough to get there just in time to avoid a long line. I tried several of the donuts: Coconut almond chocolate cake, smores, salted caramel, blueberry fritter.  The fact that I could eat so many speaks a bit on how small and unfilling they are. None of them stood out as great.  They were out of the fat elvis when I went.  The blueberry fritter has too much fried crunch and not enough soft chewy inside. It is just too small to have enough soft chewy inside I suppose. And the blueberry was virtually nonexistent. Definitely underwhelming.  Of the ones I tried, the coconut almond chocolate cake was the best, but it's not hard for a chocolate cake donut to taste good. Place doesn't live up to the hype for me, and the donuts don't taste as good as they look.
5	Just grabbed some more donuts at 5:40 AM. They weren't even opened and they still let me in. Boyfriend was happy!
5	When I was little my father would take us to the mom and pop store a few miles away for breakfast items.  On Guam that would be empanadas, turnovers, and these homemade sugar twist donuts still hot from the fryer.  I used to go in my pajamas because I hated dressing up.  Donuts are a favorite of mine, even Winchell's when I was growing up.  My father would stop in and we would buy a dozen donuts to share with my classmates or for his workplace. I would always get first pick out of the box and it would usually be the sugar twist.Flash forward to 2013, where donuts are on a whole new level and The Pink Box is dishing up some doozies.  I know, fellow readers--these crazy donut concoctions started a few years back and this is old news--but have you tried Pink Box's donuts?  The minute you eat one of their amazing creations you seriously goI know I did.Our first encounter with the Pink Box was a few weeks back while out antiquing with my mother and husband.  I looked up donut shops nearby and this place happened to be on the list.The logo is adorable, the donuts listed look sexy, so I figured it would be a great donut adventure.  We parked along the building and noticed a slight line forming to get in the door.  Luckily the line subsided quickly and we entered the tiny shoppe to see a full glass case and racks of donuts behind it.  There were donuts for every taste--salty, sweet, bacon, fresh fruit, and sugar sugar sugar.  I was excited about the nutty donut with bleu cheese and figs, the baconator maple bar, strawberry shortcake, sugar glaze twist, classic red velvet cake, and a chipotle caramel round.I never expected bleu cheese with figs on a white glazed donut filled with pasty cream to be so...pornographic...but it is.  The flavors of salty bleu cheese, chewy figs, slivered almonds and that pastry cream just have this crazy flavor orgy.  I then moved on to the baconator bar--who doesn't love their pancakes with maple syrup and bacon all in one bite?  The shortcake and twists were fantastic and light, as well as the velvet, but the star of the show was that sexy, gooey, spicy bitch--the chipotle caramel donut.This is the one that you take home to mother.  This is the donut of all donuts.  It is simple, spicy, and perfect.  That fluffy fried goodness, I imagine, is dipped and waved in that spicy caramel mix for a second or two, then flipped and dripped on a rack.  I love that the chipotle is mixed into the caramel and specks are on the donut.  When you bite in to it, your tongue sings a serenade of love.  My husband and mother asked for a bite, and at first I was like "YOU GET NOTHING!"  That's mean.  I gave them a third of the donut each and we all sat in silence, in the car, chewing and "mmm"ing at the grandeur of this beautiful, round pastry.  The Pink Box has my heart and my tastebuds whipped.  I will never cheat on her.  I will remain faithful and love her until the end of time.  It is more than the crazy concoctions they create that gets me; their donuts bring me back to my childhood, the moments in the car with my father where I pull the twist apart and eat it like cotton candy--two fingers, pulling and prying it apart until it's all gone.  He'd smile, and I'd smile at how happy my tummy and my heart was.  These donuts bring me back to that feeling and those memories. That's what great food should do, and the Pink Box delivers.
2	I tried a little bit of the fat elvis, strawberry shortcake, smores, sweet potato and one called orange blossom. The orange blossom was tasty but everything else way too doughy. The store and the donuts are all pretty but the taste did not match. Too much hype for this place I think because of the idea for fancy gourmet donuts.
5	Best doughnuts in town!! Hands down!! If you can think of a doughnut creation they have it!! Great stop if you want to treat your office or family with a special box of doughnuts!!
4	Would recommend trying the Fat Elvis....It is rich but as you've probably seen in all the pictures posted, it's gooey, and as yummy as it looks.  Tried the sweet potato donut, but really didn't get much of the sweet potato taste past the regular cake donut taste/texture.  My husband (who grew up in a bakery and is very picky about his donuts) thought the chocolate glazed donut was similar to Dunkin Donuts....(although I don't know that I would be able to tell the difference).  Cute spot and fun to try their specialty donuts!
2	Okay donuts. The fat Elvis is alright. I didn't really like the weird filling. The specialty donuts (topped with cereals, etc) remind me of a knock off of VooDoo doughnuts from Portland, OR. Similar look but not as good so don't go to Pink Box expecting VooDoo's high quality.
5	Best doughnuts in Vegas. They have unique flavors that rotate plus classics and the pricing is super reasonable. The owner is really friendly and makes the visits personal. It's a great neighborhood shop.
3	So after my first debacle with them being closed at 3pm when they are supposedly 24 hours on the weekends I went back to give them another try.Honestly, don't see what the big deal is. They are not the best donut shop in town and I think people are blinded by the fact that they have a fancy shop and fancy looking donuts. Got a half dozen donuts and the two of us each had bites of all of them to try it. The only one we both agreed was good was the maple bacon bar.Fat Elvis was pretty gross in my opinion and I LOVE PB & Bananas. The banana tasted old and like it had been sitting for days. The campfire smores is deceitful as it looks like it is a filled donut but to our disappointment it is a regular donut with marshmallow on top -- not gourmet as they state. The others were just ok (cocoa pebbles one, chocolate filled and the nutty pig).They are good, but not 4 - 5 star good. If I go back, it will be for a cronut most likely.
4	Yum yum yum! Our friends got there first and bought us the last two Cronuts. They were SO delicious! Crispy on the outside and filled with custard on the inside. Not a good place if you're trying to avoid sweets. Hubby left with a dozen donuts which were all very good. They have alot of selection and they aren't too pricey.
4	Pink Box...the name makes me giggle :) The stars aligned when I had a craving for bacon donuts (which I've never had), I happen to see a Yelper check-in, remembered a Yelper recommendation from a past talk thread, and I was less than 2 miles away from PB...so I had to try it.I didn't know I had a hidden donut beast lurking inside until I set foot in Pink Box.MAPLE BACON...oh yes! Soft, chewy with a sweet, crackly to the bite, maple glaze crusted with bacon bits!!The selection of donuts is like no other I've seen before. Chipotle Caramel is like a glazed donut with some heat and made my wife a new donut fan.The Nutty Pig is filled with bavarian cream and topped with blue cheese and almonds that is also supposed to have balsamic vinegar in it. I didn't try it, but it made my mother-in-law nearly keel over with delight. The Fat Elvis was one my daughter enjoyed since it had her favorite trifeca of banana, peanut butter and chocolate.The service was very friendly and accommodating. I was told they are opening a location in Henderson and Centennial Hills. Oh my sweet tooth is in trouble!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Only location is far away from where I live. Out of a few items including the cronut. The way the donuts are packed in the box messes up the frosting/toppings of some of the gourmet ones.LIKE  The friendly cashier and manager. The date with a nutty pig. The reasonable prices. The other imaginative donut creations.LOVE  The strawberry shortcake. The apple fritter.
3	I went on a Saturday morning on my way home from work.  They are open 24 hours on Saturday.  They were located on W Lake Mead Blvd/N Buffalo Dr in Las Vegas.They had a good selection of donuts.  I didn't see any Cronuts.  I ordered a Bacon Maple Bar and a Bavarian Cream donut.  The gal put the 2 donuts in a white paper bag and the frostings got all smeared.  I was disappointed that I didn't get a pink box.Next time I want to try the Fat Elvis, Sweet Potato Cake, and the Chipotle Caramel and maybe I'll get them in a pink box.
5	This place has the best donuts in town!!!! I love that they are open 24 hours on the weekends. The sweet potato donut is amazing! Try the peanut butter and jelly donut! The pumpkin chiffon donut was the best donut ever!
5	i bought a doughnut before heading out on a road trip and immediately regretted not buying more.  The texture is fantastic and the taste awesome.  I had a chocolate doughnut with pink frosting and sprinkles.  The chocolate wasn't overwhelming, but it was just sweet enough.  Even my boyfriend who really doesn't like doughnuts or chocolate, enjoyed it.
4	THINK OUTSIDE THE PINK BOX!  Which is exactly what these guys have done.  Pink Box is not your average donut shop.  What's unique about it you ask?  Pink Box is going for the WOW factor...something different....something to get people talkin.  Which if you haven't heard the buzz by now then you don't get out much. We all know the new "dessert with bacon" craze and the extreme cooking shows that like to shock you with unique and crazy ingredient combinations that you wouldn't see everyday.  This is right down the same line of cooking craziness.  Speaking of cooking shows, did you know that Pink Box was featured in "Roadtrip with G. Garvin" on the Cooking Channel?  I think it was a small kick-start to the madness.  Quite impressive I must say....you should check it out. ;)So I was asked to bring a dessert to a get-together.  I'm always the overachiever that wants to figure something thats new to everyone with a goodness to leave a "mad at it" (but in a good way) impression on everyone.  As I think about what I want to do I remember a few recent Yelp reviews that I had read recently.  How could it be any perfect on the overachievement level???First off I decide to check them out online.  They have an "order online" option.  Perfect because I was at work and it was totally convenient and fast.  I put all my info in and it thanked me for my order.  I stated that I will be picking up around 1pm while I was on my lunch.  IF ONLY this system worked....read on...When I walk up you could smell a delicious sweetness in the air.  There was a sign blowing in the wind above the door stating that its now opened 24 hours on the weekend.  I guess there is a need?  For your drunken satisfaction?  I'm gonna have to do a drive by in the middle of the night.  There might be a party going on at 2am that we don't know about!  When I walk in there are 3 people already in line.  The place is not that big so it filled up pretty quick.  There were employees in the back talking and laughing.  I kept hoping that one of them would come up and help the poor guy trying to assist everyone considering I was on my lunch and drove way out of my way to get there.  Finally after the few people funneled out it was my turn.  Mind you at this point there was already a line behind me.   I let him know I ordered ahead online.  He sifted through all these papers and mentioned that his boss didn't give him any order for me.  Party FAIL...so much for convenience!  SO starting from scratch I made my random selections.  I also ordered two extra to bring to my boss hoping he might let me off early. hehe...no such luck.The guy was super nice and helpful.  He rang me up for a dozen and gave me the two extras for free for the trouble of not having my order.  The total was something like $8.50.  I had thought on the website it would be $12 something.  Oh well I wasn't going to ask.  So I get my pink box of heaven in the car and notice the grease or icing or something seeping through the box.  I opened the box and the donuts were all over the place just thrown in the box.  I counted 11 donuts.  Hm  I could have sworn a dozen means 12.  Scratching my head. Oh well whatever as I roll my eyes.  This only happens to me.  I. swear.Now I went for a variety of everything with intention that we would cut them up eventually so everyone could try a bite of each.  The maple bacon and the nutty pig were among the favorites by far.  They have all kinds of regular donuts along with their specialty kinds putting a little love in each one.  The nutty pig has bacon and blue cheese on it.  There was barely any blue cheese but those who ate it loved it.  Some of the doughnuts are topped with cereal...captain crunch, fruity pebbles etc.  Kids would be in heaven.Anyways, overall and not really being a sweets person I wasn't overly impressed.  I do love the concept and I will for sure return for 1 or another dozen (TWELVE) to take to a get together. Personally I can just stick to the regular glaze doughnut with rainbow sprinkles.  I do recommend them to put wax paper underneath so they don't soak through the box....or they may have to change their name to Soggy Box Doughnuts!   Werrrrd.  =P
4	When you first get greeted by a sweet elderly man who opens the door for you, you can already tell that you'll be having one good donut run experience.For $12.50 you can get a dozen gourmet donuts. Way worth it! From bacon maple to fruit loop donuts to even sweet potato and cookies n cream-this place has diverse options. My favorites were the fat elvis, the smores, and the salted caramel. I practically inhaled them once I got home. The texture is just what you want in a donut. I also did not have the problem of my donuts being stacked improperly or the frosting getting messed up. In fact, they were stacked so nicely it was picture worthy. Unfortunately, I came on a Monday and was told they didn't make cronuts that day but that just gives me more reason to come back for them. I was informed that they run out pretty quickly but you can always call in advance to have them reserved.24 hrs on the weekend? Just might have to swing by to satisfy my late night sweet tooth cravings. I only wish it wasn't so far from me.
4	I was having a sugar craving. This is not far from work. A coworker and I went over at lunch. The store itself is small but clean. We were greeted right away. The young lady at the counter was very helpful and nice. So many choices, they all looked good, except maybe the fruit loop one. We picked up a dozen for work. The maple bacon was my choice and I was not disappointed. It was fantastic. Sweet and savory, with the right amount of bacon. The doughnut itself was a tasty piece of heaven. One of the best Doughnuts I have ever had. Our coworkers loved all of them. They were gone in minutes.
5	Let me preface this first by saying that I don't normally do sweets or desserts in general. BUT THIS PLACE IS MAKING A LIAR OUT OF ME!Three words: MAPLE. BACON. BAR.Of course they have others but every time I go here, its all about the above mentioned. Service is spectacular especially if you call in advance to put in an order and they are open 24 hours on the weekend! This maybe my shortest review ever but I cant make it anymore simpler than this!
5	One of my favorite spots to get donuts in Las Vegas. One of my favorites is the Red Velvet... would like one right now...
5	Great Doughnuts. Just wish the bacon was little bigger pieces and greasier. The employees couldn't be nicer.
3	Oh, Pink Box Doughnuts, I had such high hopes for you! I really truly did, I even drove out of my way to get to you. You're not horrible, but you're not amazing.I came to Pink Box on a Friday night around 9 PM. I was having a lazy, funky, fat girl Friday. I had picked up tacos, but when you want to eat your feelings, doughnuts become magical. I had a friend inform me of this place, I looked it up on Yelp, bookmarked, and then followed through. The store is in a little strip-mall. It is bright and clean. The layout isn't too conducive to purchasing as the store is vertical instead of horizontal.All doughnuts are on display. This place has boutique, unique donuts. I ordered a maple bacon bar, which is a traditional maple bar with bacon bits sprinkled on top. Fat Elvis: which was a plain doughnut, stuffed with creamy peanut butter, topped with chocolate, and a piece  of caramelized banana. Their doughnut of the day was S'mores (I got the last one!): plain doughnut stuffed with marshmallow fluff, covered in chocolate, then a dollop of more marshmallow fluff, and a piece of gram cracker. I am sure these doughnuts were made earlier in the day because the Fat Elvis and the S'mores were gooey and soggy. They were really just okay. I was expecting mind blowing awesomeness, but it just didn't happen. Great concept, though. My friend and I shared these and we both felt this way. She ordered a doughnuts with crunch berries and she said her cereal was stale and they were kind of soggy as well.I will definitely give this place another go when I am in the area. Service was excellent. Coffee smelled really good, too.
3	Customer service is great. Prices are good. Doughnuts are too salty for my taste. I tried the Fat Elvis and a cinnamon sugar. My husband had the chocolate with nuts. He liked his but I tasted all three and found all too salty- not sweet enough and didn't want to spend the calories and finish them.
5	This place is incredible!!  Gourmet donuts from a master chef.  No other donut shop can compare.  They have the "usual" donuts - but what sets them apart is a wide variety of speciality donuts - like you would expect to see at a 5-star restaurant.  Lance and his staff are incredibly patient and friendly.
4	This store was next to Cafe Zuppa and so gave it a try. I like the concept and the aesthetics of the place. I ordered a dozen of their best sellers. I like how the fillings are not too sweet. My palate was not overwhelmed by the sweetness at all. I dont have a favorite yet. I have yet to explore the variety.
5	Well, it's been almost a year since Pink Box opened up and it's just gotten better with time, IMHO.  What makes it a 5-star place for me is the staff, really.  Every time we go there, they are just happy as clams, and who wouldn't be, surrounded by all that sugary goodness?  Lance, one of the owners, is usually at the register during the day, and often there's a nice gentleman/greeter who welcomes you, too (sorry, I don't know his name, but he's fabulous).  Pink Box has been selling cronuts for a while now, but I have yet to try one and I know they sell out quickly.  On this Sunday morning, I wanted to get some for my neighbor friend who loves donuts, so I called Pink Box to check if they had any ready for sale.  I was told that there was a batch of glazed coming out in 12 minutes and would I like to pre-order some?  Yes, I would!  I live right around the corner, so I ordered half a dozen, gave my name and phone number and headed over to pick up the bounty. The place was hustling and bustling, but Lance was there, as well as the friendly greeter-man.  I added two regular glazed donuts to the bill for the teen and waited for about 5 minutes with the other cronut customers for our orders; there were two other people who must have pre-ordered, too.  Once they were ready, Lance handed the pink box over, with an extra cronut thrown in for good measure, I snapped his pic with them, and I was out the door, another satisfied customer.  I'm sure my neighbor will love them and I just MAY taste test a crumb or two.  Thanks, Pink Box--you bring happiness with every order!
4	Very creative flavorsVery friendly serviceI love the sweet potatoe donut. It reminds me of those school cafeteria donuts that came slightly warm.Classic glaze donut it delish of course, its a classic. The maple bacon bar is yummy. It makes me feel like im having breakfast.Now the fat Elvis is not really my style (cuz I hate peanut butter) but I gave it a try. I like everything but the peanut butter filling. If you like peanut butter give it a go.
4	Worse part about this place? Choosing what to get! So many choices, so little stomach. Luckily, I came with a mission: cronuts!I came for 1 and left with a dozen. I have  family that likes to eat, so I figured it wouldn't go to waste. I tried the fat elvis, nutty pig, cherry fritter, pumpkin, and of course the cronut. Don't worry, I didn't eat it all by myself, I just tried a piece of them. The fat elvis had peanut butter inside, it came in second place for my favorites. The cherry fritter had a nice tangy taste, not as sweet as apple fritters.Let me tell you about this cronut though. A croissant/doughnut mixture? When you first look at it compared to the other beautiful doughnuts, it makes you think, "why did I come all the way here for this?" BUT when you take that first bite, it's definitely worth the visit. It seems unreal. They bake this fresh at 9 am! If you can come when they come out of the oven, I think you'll see your life change in front of your eyes. It was savory and fluffy on the inside and sweetly glazed on the outside. I would honestly drive across town to this cute little shop just for a couple of these delicious little doughnuts.
5	Freakin' delicious donuts. You think you're going to pay through the nose for them because of their gourmet quality but they are very reasonably priced! I love that they are open 24/7 on weekends too. The staff are amazing and every time I go there I feel very welcome. No wonder their donuts are flying off the shelves everyday! Nice job guys!
5	I don't normally eat donuts, but I will drive all the way across town for this place on occasion. They have an AMAZING celection of gourmet donuts that you won't find anywhere else. Last time I was in I tried their Cronut and it was Awesome!!! My other favorite is the Maple Bar covered in Real Bacon bits. The salt & sweet taste go so good together. Drive past the Dunkin Donuts and come try some real tasty ones instead!!Also can't forget to mention the staff. The owner is often there to open the door for you, everyone welcomes you with a smile and recommendations.
2	It was okay. Which I hate saying, because the people who worked there were AWESOME!  They were patient and answered everyone's questions, mainly because flavors are not marked with anything other than flavor of the month or flavor of the week. They have a Pink Velvet donut which is a beautiful neon pink donut that looks intriguing but there is no signage for it so you have ask what it is. Come on this has got to be the SIGNATURE donut which I am going to respectfully suggest they change the name to a Pinkbox Velvet donut. Anyway I got the Fat Elvis. I was disappointed which I am so sad about!! The filling was kind of like a peanut butter banana sauce.  I was expecting it to be more like a peanut butter banana mousse/ cream filling.  I think it would have tasted better.  :( I didn't enjoy it, but a lot of other people do, so I obviously know ZIP about donuts.  I am going back! Everything looked too promising not to give it another try!*******Second and LAST visit:I wanted to give this place another shot to redeem itself.  One person working, NO SIGNS indicating flavors so you have to ask what everything is, which means if you have to, so does everyone else.  This results in friendly but SLOW service.I got a cookies and cream (it was labeled) and it was dry and by dry I mean a crunchy donut. A crunchy all the way through, boring tasting donut. This is why I took a star away.  I also got a pumpkin cheesecake donut.  Two bites in the filling came out of the bottom and landed on my clothes. Not a pretty look.  Luckily, I can go home and change.  This was the messiest donut I have ever eaten. It would have been good if the filling hasn't fallen out.  Is this normal for this place for their donuts to break? This is also why I took a star away and basically refuse to ever go back.
4	So, reading others reviews and feeling so badly about not enjoying my first trip, I decided to give Pink Box another go and I am glad I did. This time, my donoughts were fresh. The difference freshness makes. I simply cannot raise my review to 5-star because one of my donoughts (out of 6) was completely crap and soggy and slightly stale.I had 2 kinds of pumpkin, a cheesecake, an apple pie, salted caramel, and a maple bacon bar (which was stale). The pumpkins were divine. Not overly sweet, but when combined with the whipped cream, on word heaven. The apple and salted caramel were unique and tasty. I don't know what happened to my maple bacon bar, but it disappointed.I think the quality depends on the freshness. If these donoughts sit around too long they get soggy and stale, not a winning combo.Service was fast and friendly.
4	Yum yum yum!  Only bad thing is they are always out of the flavors I want. Loved the banana cream one.
5	really loved their doughnuts but loved even more that they are keeping it a las vegas staple to be open 24 hours (on the weekend)!!!  Great price for the doughnuts, great staff very patient with picky doughnut picking :)
5	Just unbelievable flavors, iced today's chipotle carmel doughnut, the classic bacon  maple, and a repeat favorite cronut.  People at this shop make it personal making it even greater and comfortable.
5	Items selected:Blueberry Cake, Cherry Cake, Sweet Potato Cake, Maple Bacon, Cookies n' Cream, Campfire Smores, Apple Fritter, Fat Elvis, Strawberry Shortcake, Salted Caramel Twist, Peanut Butter and Jelly, Date with a Nutty PigHappy to see the cupcake fad come and go yet still sustain with some of the better places I have to admit that even as a child I'd always take a doughnut over a cupcake, pie, or cookie...I mean honestly, is there anything more American than deep fried dough?  Taking this fact into account and having been to many of the nation's best doughnutteries I was surprised when I heard about an artisan doughnut shop in Las Vegas called Pink Box, quickly doing my research and sending an e-mail to the shop in order to reserve a dozen for a meeting with some friends.  Answered promptly by a man named Rodney who I would also meet me at the store after an elderly greeter said hello and opened the door for my entry I was happy to find my order all boxed up and ready to go, particularly with a price tag less than 1/2 of what one would spend at Doughnut Plant, Dynamo, Voodoo, or Top Pot.  Chatting with the staff for a bit before making my way to the car and to my awaiting friends it was our mutual agreement that not only did the doughnuts benefit from being very fresh but also that while some places do one 'style' better than the others Pink Box actually does a very admirable job with cake and raised, filled and fritter alike.  With classics like the blueberry cake crisp and minimally oily juxtaposing a truly inspired sweet potato cake doughnut that resembled the namesake pie in flavor my friends were most taken by the Peanut Butter/Banana Fat Elvis and the Campfire S'mores while I was personally wowed by the Nutty Pig - a yeasty bavarian with maple icing, dates, bacon, almond, and blue cheese - as well as the crispy salted caramel twist, the texture somewhat akin to a cruller meets a buttery pretzel thick with sticky caramel visibly flecked with coarse sea salt.
4	Second time here.. My favorite is the pink glazed with sprinkles. I love that on the weekends they are open 24 hours. I just wish their was a location closer to my house off Blue Diamond!
4	I loved the selection of doughnuts that they had available but I was pretty excited to try some flavors in particular.. Unfortunately, they were all out of them... The service was awesome and very friendly. I will definitely come here again, I just hope that the next time I come back they'll have the flavors that I want to try =) Maybe those flavors were too awesome to last!
3	I'm hoping this review will be updated, with a higher rating. But for now other than the fewspecialty items offered. The donuts are average and not worth the drive to the far location from me. Major pros: friendliness and expertise of product. I asked a lot of questions and they had no problem with me picking their brains. The cool selection. Classics plus strange cereal covered donuts, peanut butter stuffed, and chipotle Carmel. Cons: the chipotle one was nasty, they were out of a few I really wanted to try like maple bacon and apple fritters. Also some of them were on the dry side. Don't get me wrong overall, the maple bar and cream filled were decent. But nothing extraordinary. I will go back to try a few of the ones I missed. But I'll wait til I'm in the area as an excuse to stop by. Until we meet again Pink Box.
4	Pink Box has been on my book mark list ever since it opened almost a year ago and since I started working close to this side of town I FINALLY got my chance to try them. $8.50 for a dozen is pretty reasonable in my book because Krispy Kreme costs like $13. I ordered a dozen plus a gourmet one which was the pumpkin cake. The pumpkin cake was good, but unfortunately didn't knock my socks off. I should of tried the pumpkin cheesecake, but the employee recommended the pumpkin cake because of the chocolate shavings on top. I also tried the blueberry, it was just "okay." It would of been better of the blueberry flavor was a little bit stronger. Although I was not wow'd by the 2 donuts I tried, I will still give them a few more chances until I find a donut that does. On the other hand, my co-workers enjoyed the donuts, specifically: What A Joy and Lemon Pie were the favorites, I guess next time I'll have to see for myself. I'm giving them 4 stars because there is no other donut shop in town that has such creativity as they do and the ambiance/interior is super cute, even if it is all pink. Make sure to call ahead if you are going there for a specific donut because I know they only have a certain selection each day and cronuts will be available after 9:30. Can't wait to come back and try Pink Box!
5	OMG, my absolute favorite place for donuts!!! You have to get there early to get the best selection though. I love the lemon filled, s'mores and the cronut (?), but they're all really yummy. If you haven't tried them yet, you are missing out!
5	Today was my first time physically stepping foot in this store but I've been lucky enough to try their doughnuts at a birthday brunch and work.   So many choices and they all look so good.  I knew I was already a fan of the Fat Elvis.  I would have really liked to have tried the pumpkin but they were sold out and I didn't have 30 minutes to wait so I got the Date with the nutty pig.  This store is cute and smaller then it looks from the street.  They have a greeter and the staff likes to joke around making for a great atmosphere.  At about $1.50 the price is very reasonable for a gourmet doughnut!
5	Love that they are open 24hrs on the weekend. I get off of work late night/early morning and this filled my sweet breakfast craving! Love that is is always fresh and creative treats. The young man who was at the counter was extremely helpful when I was trying to find something special for my husband, who had never tried their doughnuts. I have to say every time I go in there is nothing but smiles and great service!!! Thank you pinkbox for being so amazing!
5	Oh my goodness! The maple bars are so fluffy and heavenly. I actually got a dozen of those to share with family and friends because they were so good! Every time I go, I have great, fast service. Everyone there is so friendly. I recommend this place to anyone seeking donuts! Yummy!!!
4	My boyfriend showed me this place yesterday and I was immediately attracted to the Pink Box! I bought a dozen for my boyfriends mom and she LOVED them! Donuts are delish!! Wish there was one in Henderson/Green Valley area!! I'm definitely coming back soon!!
4	I can't get enough of this place! I have to go almost every week! My favorites are the captain crunch bars, which have the most delicious glaze on it! I need to order a side of that one day! I also love the pumpkin cheesecake and maple bar. The glazed cronut is delicious! You can call ahead and reserve some and pick it up later. There's no minimum either! I've had it sugared and glazed cronuts and both right out of the fryer and after it's been sitting and both are delicious! Some other good ones I've had include sweet potato and regular twist glazed. Those two were surprisingly good Tony is also super nice and clearly loves working there.
5	People rave about Voodoo donut in Portland, now Vegas has something to rave about! I actually think that Pink Box is better than Voodoo. Voodoo takes good donuts and puts interesting toppings on them, Pink Box takes good donuts and puts interesting things on and IN them! I am fortunate enough to live right down the street so I've tried quite a few things. I also routinely pick up a dozen on my way to work, just give me a reason to bring them in! Here are a few of my favorites:Fritters! They have apple and cherry! The cherry are SO good, but I've only seen them a couple of times. Key Lime Pie - This delicious morsel has homemade whipped cream on top and is filled with the limiest of lime fillings. SO good!Lemon filled - This glazed beauty has lemony goodness stuffed inside. If you are a fan of lemon, this is the donut for you.S'mores - Brulee'd marshmallow cream is on top of this chocolate covered marshmallow cream filled little cloud. Cheesecake - Chocolate covered and filled with delicious cream cheese cheesecake filling.Now, get out of your house and go...seriously GO...I'll wait...You can thank me later!
5	Hands down the best donuts I've ever had. The Nutty Pig and Cronuts clearly contain addictive additives! I've tried more than I'd like to admit and each one is a mini masterpiece. Cupcakes are so 2012. THESE are the next big things. Apparently coming to Green Valley soon!
5	I adore this place. Their customer service is excellent, everyone is always so friendly and helpful. Reasonably priced and oh so delicious. Fun combinations that aren't too kitschy and classics that taste great. The Coco loco and sweet potato cake are my faves.
5	Best doughnuts in town period. I personally like the cereal line...they have a fruity pebble topped doughnut and one with captin crunch cereal.  And the apple fritters are bigger than my face and so delish. On the weekends they are open 24 hours. Best part is a dozen doesn't break the bank.
4	Clean, friendly, efficient. The gentleman in the pink vest and hat is adorable and sweet. The donuts are affordable and delicious. 10/10 would come back again.
5	We walked in at about noon and a very nice man greeted us. Talk about a great way to start an experience!We then ordered one of each doughnut, were pleasantly surprised that the price averaged at a dollar per donut! While waiting, we chatted with the greeter and talked about the history of the place. Pinkbox is on a great start! Everyone there was so friendly!The doughnuts were absolutely delicious. Each one very unique, which adds to the appeal. I love this place and the people that work there.
4	I'll given them an extra star for creativity alone. I don't think there is another donut place in town that has such unique offerings. However overall I did find the donuts overly sugary and the flavors weren't a home run. It's almost like the flavors were teetering on the edge of fantastic however they were having second thoughts half way through,  and then end product fell a little short. I wanted more bold flavors- more punch! more pizzazz!The date with the piggy donut? - interesting combination. Chopped dates, with tiny bacon bits, and it looked like blue cheese? Almost, but not quite there. The dates were a little hard, the bacon was not salty enough and the pieces were too small. I wanted more of the salty and sweet contrastPumpkin cheesecake- too mushy. The filling + the cream piled high on top was too much. I love sweets but this was absolute sugar overload. Not enough pumpkin flavor.Pink velvet- nice concept. But the only thing that made this "velvet" was the cream cheese frosting on top. Basically a regular donut which pink food coloring- lacking the richness from a typical red velvet. Overall I would buy things to bring to an office pot luck or to a party for the WOW factor. Beautiful creations, awesome presentation. But flavors fell a little short.
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!! Not only are the donuts delicious.. Associates are extremely friendly!! Also, love seeing the owner on the weekends, he's so sweet!! Great place!
5	Amazing donuts!  I don't know why it took me so long to go here!  The fat elvis and nutty pig are my favorite!! My friend loves the maple bacon bars.  The staff are friendly and helpful the donuts are fresh and tastey.  They are like little pieces of delicious cakes in your mouth.  There are so many savory choices to choose from.  I suggest getting a half dozen for a great price and a good sample. Go now and get the pink box experience! Yum!
4	A late night sweet tooth and for some reason doughnuts came to mind. I was on Freemont St and I remember seeing numerous pictures of Pink Box on Yelp. Thankfully they have great weekend end hours being open 24 hours Friday and Saturday and I made this journey for some sweet treats. Upon entering the store you can smell the doughnuts baking from the parking lot. We made a few selections and luckily some were just baked so we got them from the rack and not the case, nice and warm. Very friendly service and patience from the staff. We made the poor girl stand there as changed our mind several times on the selection. I really enjoyed the Maple bar with bacon, the spelled it differently and it tongue twisted me when ordering and the tutti fruiti with the fruiti pebbles on it. Thankfully one is opening on Eastern because this Summerlin location is far for me.
4	Did not actually go there in person, I was lucky enough to have a person bring it to me. Strawberry shortcake was delicious an ended up being my favorite.Chipotle glazed? Such a strange combination but in a weird way I like it. Fat Elvis is a classic. The maple bacon is ok. I think that the whole bacon thing has run it's course. I just enjoy maple bars on their own (personal preference).
4	Pretty freaking good! I came in to get 1 doughnut (max 4) and came out with a dozen. They have SOOO many flavors I had to try as many as I was able to get without absolutely hating myself post consumption. The doughnuts are super fresh and the dough is nice and fluffy. This isn't a dunking donuts or Krispy Kreme type of joint, these babies are gourmet. The nutty pig, Elvis, campfire s'mores are my favorite. The owner was on sight when I was there and is really pleasant, which is always a plus. The ONLY negative (positive to my waistline) is that this place is pretty far from me.
2	Not impressed!. I purchased the glazed specialty at approx. 9:15am and it was stale. I'll stick to the bagels shop next door. I did however love the customer service and the guy at the door ;}....
3	Their good.  Creative toppings and doughnut basses at a reasonable price.  Looks like an attempt to emulate Voodoo Doughnuts but good in their own right.
5	Love me some donutsThe owner is very friendly and the food is delicious. I now get all donuts here. They treacly should get a large coffee drink selection.
3	Did I enjoy the donuts? Yes. Was the service friendly and otherwise great? Yes, it was fantastic. Boom. 3 stars right off the bat. But, while the selection was mostly specialty donuts, there were no "normal" donuts like an old fashioned glazed donut. My other complaint is that they were "crumbly" donuts - not flaky, soft donuts that I'm used to (maybe this is a regional thing?) so the texture was off for me. Would I go back? Yes, but it I'd probably try another place first.
5	I gush to this place after every time I visit.  Their variety is stellar and the employees are cheerful, patient and kind.This place draws quite the morning crowd, so if you're in a hurry you may need to go elsewhere.  Or, what I would suggest is when you walk in late to work, give your boss one of the donuts.  Done.I've tried a bacon doughnut from here and definitely have to say I'm NOT a fan (I think it was like bacon and maple and cheese and almonds?!), but everything else there is a sugary masterpiece.The pumpkin cheesecake doughnut I had on my latest visit was amazing; I'll be sad when they remove it as pumpkin tends to be a seasonal flavor everywhere.  QQI'm also a fan of the glazed with whipped cream filling.  Mmm.  Their cake doughnuts are pretty good - I'm not a huge fan of cake-type.  I know I've tried several more but usually I eat them, go into a blissful doughnut haze and seemingly lose my memory of what I just ate.The cheerful, dapper fellow in the pink top hat always brightens my day, too.  =)
4	As my favorite cartoon character Homer Simpson would say, "mmmm donuts!" Pink box puts a sweet yet yummy twist on the traditional style of donuts. Reminds me of voodoo donuts in Portland, which in my humble opinion is still the king of gourmet donuts, but pink box is certainly on its tail. My favorites are the sweet potato, bacon maple bar, apple fritter, and the strawberry shortcake. I have tried many other donuts but for me these get my taste buds in sugar heaven. If you haven't had the opportunity to indulge, do yourself a favor and buy a box of these yummy treats.
4	Pink Box, oh Pink Box.If you are looking for interesting and flat out mind boggling donuts this is the place.The service is good but they are always busy.  They typically have a nice old man in a pink hat greet you at the door.  It is a tight fit in the shop but worth it at the end.  If you go at anytime in the morning expect to wait for a few minutes.  Also if you get there around 9-10 am they start to run out of there famous gourmet donuts.If you like fancy donuts you have to give this place a try.  I am more of a plain glazed fan myself but I can appreciate the artisans at work in this donut shop.
5	Great selections of donuts to choose from. You know you are at a great place when there is a line outside the door. Everyone that worked at the Lake Mead location was very professional and greeted me and my girlfriend with positive attitude and lots of smiles (which is strange because Vegas isn't too much a morning type of City lol). Best donuts in Las Vegas!
5	Never had a better donut! This place is by far the place to get a donut in Las Vegas! The owner is always there and so sincere and happy to see people coming thru his doors... It was so cute, last time I was in there, an older man was in front of me talking about a pineapple upside down cake and the owner was so nice and told the man that he was going to experiment with making a donut like that. Just the little things that add up that are awesome about this place!
5	Honestly I'm not much of a donut lover so it's not often that I find a donut that makes my toes curl. Plus, I used to live in Portland Oregon which is home to one of the most creative a nummy donut shops on earth, well until I found Pink Box! Thanks to my great friend, who is a Vegas native and lives in Henderson, that came to visit me one day. She looked up my address and saw that I live just a block away from Pink Box and she absolutely had to stop in, and was I glad she did!!! I have driven by the donut shop almost daily for over a year and never woulda thought they had "out of the box" donuts. My friend came with 2 dozen of the oddest variety... Banana Cream Pie, Maple and BACON, the Fat Elvis, lol and more! Let's just say that these days we are frequent visitors and will be long time patrons!
4	If this place were close to where I live, I would be dangerously overweight and diabetic. A good variety of donuts with funny names: Fat Elvis, Nutty Pig, Fruit Loop Donut, Pink Velvet, etc. Who would have thought to put bacon and dates on top of a cream filled glazed donut? Seriously good stuff. Why oh why do donuts have to be so fattening?? Can't comment on the cronuts, since I'm not a fan. My personal favorite is the Apple Pie Fritter. On that note, I'm gonna have to deduct a star because the last couple of times I went there, there were no fritters!!! AAAAARRRRGHHHH!!! I'm sure I'm not the only one that expects apple fritters to be in stock at every donut shop. Oh well...The nice thing is, they're open 24 hours on the weekend!!!
4	Omg effing delish!!!!!!!!! I've had this place bookmarked for so long. And every time someone checked in, I was always so jealous. I only work 4 miles away, so I wonder why it took me so long to finally try them out. I knew I was going to the gym later on in the day so I wanted to indulge a little. I walked in and everyone was so welcoming!!! The girl at the counter was so convincing that I needed to get more than one donut. I ordered 2 maple bacon bars. I was in a hurry so I didn't have time to REALLY look. I freaking inhaled it so quick. Sweet, salty, soft and amazing!!!Maybe I'll leave my house earlier next time so I'm not in a rush. Can't wait to try more!
4	The very first time I came to this place I thought it seemed a little overpriced and hyped but have since changed my mind and come here just about every week. The first experience wasn't that great because I had a Apple Fritter that wasn't good. I have since never ordered one of those and tried some of their other options. If you have never tried the Fat Elvis and love peanut butter, you should try it. The Fat Elvis is my favorite by far. The doughnuts here are a good size and range in price from $1 - $1.75 each. I haven't tried one of their Cronuts yet but you can call ahead and they will have have some ready for you if you can't be there at 9:30 am when they first come out for the day. Don't try and ask for one at 8 pm like I did. The guy behind the counter will laugh at you and say "No, we sold out for the day". These must be some damn good cronuts. As long as they aren't coated in overly sweet icing like that nasty "Coco's Donuts" then I am down to order some and check them out. The guy behind the counter was nice and let me know they were open 24 hours on weekends. If you stop by just after they open at 6 am you will smell the aroma of doughnuts as you walk towards the door.
4	If you are in need of a doughnut fix this is the place to go. I had bought a half dozen for my boyfriend and I to share and we almost finished the whole box in one sitting! My favorite would have to be the Maple Bacon but there are still more that I have yet to try.
4	Best Donuts I've had in Vegas. OK -- ONLY donuts I've had in Vegas. But, based on Bunny G's review, I looked into this phenomenon and I'm glad to have done so.OK, most of the donuts were/are waayyy too fancy/sugary/decked out for my palate. FrootLoops and all sorts of LookAtMe convections. Sorry, but I'm not interested.Rather, I like 'em pretty simple, but uncompromisingly outstanding. Really. No messing around.  So, I'm grateful they had some buttermilks as well as a version of chocolate covered. The buttermilk was sufficiently cakey and sweet, and perfect to share. Yes, to share. So that I can then have some of the chocolate! And the chocolate had a good flavor, and though not traditionally cakey, nor DD/KK airy, it found a nice balance of dough. Get there sooner than later, cause they run out of stuff. Good for them. And, I really liked how they had a Greeter (in a pink hat, no less). A nice first impression after finding parking in the strip mall. (Ironically close to the Gold's Gym - haha).  They have coffee, but were so busy, I just thought I'd try that next time. And yes. Though no obvious relation to Pink Taco, we now have Pink Box. And this becomes your sturdy donut container as you walk back into the world.
5	This is hands down the best doughnut shop around. With a ton of unique styles as well as many of the regular standards everyone is familiar with, there's a ton to choose from. Banana cream, s'mores, peanut butter, pumpkin, and all the other specialty flavors are fantastic. And the regular stuff; jelly, Boston cream; are much better than what you're used to from regular shops. Staff is friendly, open 24 hours on weekends, free doughnuts after certain times on certain days, this place is seriously the best doughnut shop around.
5	FAT ELVIS is AWESOME!!!! Also liked the cocopebbles YUM!! I read a couple reviews with complaints about them not having regular donuts. omfg they had 40 different kinds of donuts the day i went. NO WAY there isn't at least one you  would like. The ones i had were GREAT. So glad I tried this place. Here comes the calories. lol
4	As we crept through the parking lot, careful to not be trampled by the Summerlin Peewee soccer team or a Dolly Parton look alike in the newest Mercedes I've ever seen- we finally made it inside this epicenter of morning comfort food. *Crispy bacon atop a long maple bar. (Or Long John for the Midwesterners.) *Green Tea filled glazed doughnuts with some Rice Krispy concoction sealed to the top. Do I need to go on? Beware of the coffee though- it's very hot and right next to the register which means pushy customers ready to enjoy some Pink Box are a potential hazard.
4	Tried a few specialty doughnuts and also some of their classic..cake doughnuts didn't disappoint...especially the chocolate coco pebbles :)The girl working the counter was helpful and sold us a few of her favorites. I'm not sure I'd venture here during the morning weekend hours due to the high volume of customers, but I'd definitely catch their weekday morning batches since my boyfriend and I ended up getting there by the afternoon.We'll be revisiting soon!
4	Pink box doughnuts are not your ordinary doughnuts. If you feel like going bold and trying some different doughnuts that your not used to this is definitely the spot to go. They have maple bacon, yes I said maple bacon with real pieces of bacon on top, smores, Elvis doughnut which has peanut butter and banana. My favorite one was the powdered sugar with cool whip in the middle, not too sweet. A dozen doughnuts cost about $8.50 which isn't bad at all.
5	What an awesome donut shop, from the hilarious owner dressed to the nines in a pink suit chatting up a storm, to the girls behind the overflowing counter of endless rows of tantalizing sugary goodness, everything was good as it gets!A dozen is $8.50, I have paid that much for 2!!! in OC.No really, for that money you can't get a dozen of the cheapest mom and pop donuts in your hometown!Getting that much a no brainer, seeing that amazing offerings one would really need to get 2-3 dozen, THIS is the perfect place to get dessert for a large party, preferably close friends that will give you a bite of each, you know for the effort of getting them and all.I went with what a joydate with a nutty pigbavarian cremechocolate whipped cremecookies n cremeoreo cookies n cremefat elviscampfire smorescaramel applekey lime piepeanut butter n jellynew york cheesecakeyes, they were as good as they sound and look!My favorite would have to be the peanut butter and jelly and the fat elvis, but all flavors spot on and tasted great even the next day.Worth leaving the strip if you are in Vegas, its about 15 minutes east.
4	The Fat Elvis lives on at Pink Box!I don't do a lot of doughnuts (maybe that's because as a child my dog died when the neighbor gave it a poison doughnut.)  I do buy doughnuts a few times a year for folks at work...and I partake at those times.  The simple truth I have found here is that you can't go wrong with Pink Box.  They are one of the more intentional places around concerning friendliness.  They have classic, specialty, and gourmet doughnuts.  The prices are low enough for me to treat others, while the quality is something I can attach my name to (Comments often go like; "Yes, that was Mr. that brought in these delectable, fancy doughnuts...)They make it easy to mix-and-match with stupid-proof combinations and standard dozen arrangements as well.  If you're still getting typical doughnuts from the grocery store you should give a specialty doughnut shop like Pink Box a try.  Some of gourmet options are wonderful...including a personal favorite of mine, the Fat Elvis!
5	best doughnuts in vegas. they have a lot of specialty doughnuts which all seem to work. my wife and i love the rasberry filled. i heard they are going to be open 24hrs soon so everytime i go they will be open. my only complaint would be the hours for a doughnut shop but that all has to be with the city and their rules. ive only had one other doughnut comparable and id probablly rate it better which was in the los angeles farmers market called bobs doughnuts.
1	The Town Square store seems to be an operational and logistical mess. I've been there three times, two of which they opened so late that I could not wait. I made my third trip today at 3:45 and they had three doughnuts left. Hopefully, their store opening closer to my house will have their act together because I still want a maple bacon doughnut someday.
5	Ahh! Doughnuts!! I love this place tons! So much to choose from and its 24 hours! The workers are super friendly and the doughnuts itself are amazing! Raspberry FilledMaple Bar Chocolate Coco Pebbles Chipotle CaramelThe Fat Elvis Captain Crunch BarFruity PebblesLOOOOOVE IT. Will be coming back soon!
3	Good doughnuts but did not quite live up to all the hype. If it was a little bit closer to my house and was more reasonably priced then I would probably go more. One plus was that the lady working the counter gave me a free doughnut for being military. I did like the bacon on my doughnut though.
5	Wow, I was blown away with the quality, freshness and creativity of the doughnuts here. I visited the location on West Lake Mead and Buffalo. Better than Krispy Kreme.
5	Best doughnut around by far!!! Forget about the toppings, the dough itself is delicious!!! I love sweets and ever since I tasted this treats, I can't get enough, the staff is always friendly and the owner is really cool if you happen to stop by when he's there, you'll get a free sample :) i recommend this place 100%
5	A lot to choose from and all amazing!!! Favorite would be fat Elvis. Go in early because it sells out fast, give their flavor of the day a try as well, has not let me down yet.
5	Amazing doughnuts!!!  We ordered a baker's dozen my first time coming here so that I could try everything.  You have to try the Fat Elvis and Cronuts (if available).
5	Had Pink Box Footballs for the Super bowl  WOW
5	Wanted some good doughnuts past by here so many time finally went in was the best stop ever made for a doughnut got a dozen everyone in my family has a different favorite mine is the green tea yummy best in town.
5	OMG the Raspberry Filled Sugar Donut Is to die for!!!  So delicious!!!  The Boston Cream is my second favorite!  Love them gotta try them they go fast!
5	Awesome donuts!!!!!   Flavor and quality is second to none.  Sweet potato is awesome.  Apple pie fritter is best I have ever had, and for a true sin the cronut!!!!   Get em at 9am everyday.  They are so freaking good!!!
5	OMFG!!!!!Kinda glad I don't live anywhere near this place! I'd be as big as a house. THe donuts are AMAZING!!!!! The Elvis and the Banana Cream Pie are every bit as delicious as they are beautiful. Just wish the one with the dates and blu cheese had more of a blu cheese punch. While the donuts are amazing, give their coffee a try! The chocolate macadamia coffee has developed into a new addiction!
3	First trip on a recent SATURDAY morning - had seen the sign and close to home - interesting donut selections from old standards to gourmet - bought a mixed dozen to sample - hurried home and sat down with our coffee - sadly, 8 of the 12 were not as fresh as we had expected!     BUMMER........... !
5	Grabbed a dozen doughnuts here because a I couldn't resist seeing my friends' check-ins here without trying it myself. Each doughnut was really good and the gourmet flavors they had will make your taste buds go nuts. @ 8-10$ for a dozen, you can't go wrong with this doughnut place.
5	Walked in at 2 am and the staff were extremely polite and courteous. Great to recieve great service even at this time of day! Also, you can't go wrong with $8.50 for  a dozen... Money well spent.
1	I hate giving one star reviews but this place was such a major letdown. Perhaps if a bunch of people hadn't hyped it up for me I wouldn't have been so disappointed. My friend and I came in at 7pm on whatever night they're open 24/hours (Friday? Saturday?).... and they didn't have any of the specialty donuts. Just regular ol' donuts... Another woman was also in the store, and the staff member in the back whipped up a whole order of the good ones for this woman, but when inquiring minds asked for some as well, we were quickly shot down and told that all they had were the ones in the case.....what? Perplexed would be an understatement, as less than a minute ago I saw a staff member hand another customer a box full of them. Sure, maybe the other woman had sent in a custom order ahead of time, but you work in a donut store with donut supplies, surely you could've made some, and we would've waited, likewise, it wasn't like we had come in at 2am and they were out-- I didn't think 7pm was such an unreasonable time to expect them to be stocking the donuts that made them famous, esp. given they advertise themselves as 24/h. A group of about 5 or 6 people walked in after us and walked right back out after they saw no donuts as well. My friend and I begrudgingly bought a couple of plain donuts to try anyway, because hey! maybe these are the best donuts I've ever tasted, I don't want to knock 'em till I try them. Meh, they're donuts, nothing special and could have been from any 24/7 store around the valley. So, sorry PBD, I really had high hopes for you, but after a couple snarky remarks by your employees and your lack of donuts, I can't recommend you. :(
2	I only had a taste of one of the Pink Box cronuts and it was OK.  I guess my taste buds were soured by the poor service I got when I went to pick up the order that was put in by a friend the day before.  I arrived in the time they had said--between 9 and 9:30.First, they couldn't find the order, then they found it but asked me what she had ordered.  When I told them cronuts, the counter critter said, "We don't have cronuts.  What did she order?"  When I told them 6 cinnamon sugar and 6 glazed, they just got a box and put regualr doughnuts in the box.  They then tossed the order slip (I wish I had been able to see it) into the trash.  The friend later called and went back and got what she ordered but they couldn't find the slip.  Small wonder.The cronuts from Pink Box are smaller in height than the others we had at our tasting.  I was told that they were much closer to the original cronuts introduced in NYC.  The cinnamon sugar cronut was OK but was greasy compared to the others we tasted.The staff seemed to be in a fog.  Mr. Pink Box was there in his outfit to greet me and bid me adieu, but the business needs someone with organizational skills and smarts at the counter.  You can have the best doughnuts going, but if you give me the wrong stuff, it's a fail in my book!
3	A ton of my friends were posting pictures of their doughnuts from Pink Box and that same day, my boyfriend had tried one at work.  Everyone seems to love this place, especially on Yelp, so we drove to their Lake Mead location two Saturdays ago.  When we arrived, there were a lot of people in line, but not a lot of variety when it came to doughnuts (none of the cereal doughnuts, no cronuts, etc.).  We ordered a gourmet dozen featuring: Fat Elvis:  Our favorite.  The peanut butter, chocolate, and banana flavors all really go well together.  It's heavy, rich, and overly-sweet.Chocolate-Bacon Bar:  We really didn't care for the chocolate-bacon one; the bacon was too smoky (it seemed like artificial smoke flavor and the bacon bits were really hard). Banana Creme Pie:  The flavor of this donut was divine, but the messiness was a real nuisance.  Both of our donuts squirted (not oozed, but squirted) all over the place and it was not fun trying to clean it off of our shirts, the carpet, etc.Cheesecake:  I personally really liked this doughnut.  It's rich and creamy; I especially like the chocolate icing on top of the doughnut.S'mores:  I always love anything S'mores flavored, but this doughnut was a disappointment.  It really didn't taste anything like a S'more and we'll never get it again.  The filling reminded me of the sickly-sweet white cream inside of the krispy creme doughnuts, which tastes nothing like marshmallows (in my opinion).Apple Pie:   I hated this one, but I hate apple pie.  The apples were crunchy, ew.I don't mean to be hard to please, but I think I'll have to visit again to see if their other options are better.  I think people just go crazy over this place because of the "novelty" of it, but it's really nothing special from what we could tell.
4	This review is long overdue, but I'm finally getting around to making a dent in the backlog of reviews on my computer. Anyway, the week before xmas this place was busy. The line was almost going out the door as people were buying stuff for friends, family, or co-workers.If you're gonna get a large order, it's better to call ahead to guarantee the flavors you want. Many of the flavors on the racks were reserved for such orders. The display was somewhat bare as many of the gourmet donuts were purchased.The size of the donuts were large, so you may want to share. One donut was enough to fill me up. The tart filling in the keylime donut was great, reminiscent of a good keylime pie. The s'mores wasn't bad. I liked the marshmallow flavors that were present throughout. I'm glad I tried the nutty pig but I can't say I'm a fan. It's a combination of flavors that isn't for everyone. My least favorite part was the cold and chewy bacon bits. Personally, I prefer my bacon piping hot and crispy. The pumpkin cheesecake donut may have been my favorite. The rich and creamy filling provided all the goodness of a pumpkin pie in a donut.While I'm not typically a fan of donuts, the ones here are creative and delicious enough for me to want to come back. Obviously, I'm not the only one to think that, as they've expanded to a kiosk at Town Square and elsewhere around town. A location in the southwest would be more than welcomed. 4.5 Stars
4	Finally got around too trying me some Pink Box Doughnuts! It not often am in the area so between games in my morning Olympic hockey action with iceacholics. Why not get some Pink Box intermission. I never knew Pink Box was open 24/7. Not sure if that new since it been open for sometime but that worth whole star by itself!! One of the best things about going in around 6or7. The display of doughnuts with every tray of every flavor filled makes you go into doughnuts nirvana! Seriously!!! I had no idea where too start my doughnuts journey so went with assorted dozen. Couple that really wanted too make sure try one was Maple Bacon doughnut (really anything better kick start morning then Beer and bacon greasy doughnut?) Wait maybe not the beer rather coffee  but was doing some day drinking. I wish could say tried piece of all dozen doughnuts but that just sugar overkill. The three that had Maple Bacon, Red Velvet, and special of the day (green tea) all awesome. Maple Bacon everyone knows but the diced up perfect crispy bacon on top with brown sugar glaze or think on top come together on point. It one of the more filling ones with the bacon but love fact every bite bacon till the last bite. Red Velvet love all things especially pancakes. Red Velvet just as good as best red velvet pancakes or cake every tasted. The cream cheese frosting on top was perfect compliment too it. The special of the day green tea another one of those love all things green tea. Really stood out was the green tea cream filling not only was the creme filling delicious but not overpowering green tea rather right balance. Only thing could have done without is the whip cream on top or garnish. The rest of the doughnuts never got around too but only heard great things about them from my iceacholic family. The boxing of the doughnuts think are awesome! Never been fan of mass chains with the perfect size box for dozen doughnuts. If get assorted tend too get all crossed up more so with the tight packing. Pink Box not only the fact the box is Pink just like the name but nice big/high boxes leaves plenty of room for doughnuts not matter the amount. Nothing better then opening box of doughnuts that look as pretty as they were picking the assortment. The service was fabulous from the minute walked in. Warm greeting. First timer the staff was really patience with me cause like mention doughnut nirvana trying too pick dozen assorted. The inside kind of small but then again doughnut shop although they also have few tables outside. Sure if ever in the area need get my doughnut fix on plan on stopping by trying more doughnuts!!!
5	pink box is really worth your time. and money! I love the Doughnuts .. and many of my coworkers are huge fans!! as welltheir customer service is great ....the store is very clean... and he staff looks tidy.they have a key lime to die for! I also love the creme dough nut (choc. or vanilla)don't get too excited for coffee.. they have one pot and they always are out :(I think the one thing that really bugs me is they give u a small box..... whether its for 6 or 12.. and the girls THROW ALL THE DOUGHNUTS ON TOP OF EACHOTHER why??when u get home u have to pull the top doughnuts off!!! rrrrrrrrrrotherwise they taste so good... fresh(try the raspberry filled.. so fresh)
5	Awesome and fun selection of doughnuts. Loved The fat Elvis, bacon maple bar and the s'mores were all delicious.
5	Super nice staff! Went there around 10:30pm on a Saturday night. The place was empty and then more people came in while I was ordering. I got 1/2 dozen of the gourmet donuts. I got a couple maple bacon bars, a couple of nutty pigs, a pink velvet and an apple fritter. I will definitely be back! They are delicious!!
5	Yum! Creative gourmet dough nuts sold here. I love the Elvis, nutty pig, and well, all of them! I just wanted to say that the person who called the worker a "counter critter" was way out of line. I've always had great service here. Sometimes they have a door person that I could do without just because he's a bit intense, like overly friendly, but that might just be me before I've had my coffee. Over all, I'd say this place is a must try!
1	Some of the most delectable sweet treats I have had in Las Vegas have come from Pinkbox. BUT the experience I had there recently pretty much negates all of that. I ordered a dozen, and got a mix of classic and fancy schmancy gourmet. To be specific:3 glazed3 croissant style w/ cinnamon and sugar1 smores2 Maple Bacon2Fat Elvis1 Apple pieThey were SWAMPED! I got my box of goodies, and left. Now when I got them the glazed were still warm, and I THOUGHT that was a good thing. I was so wrong. When I got to the office and everyone dug in we realized the glazed AND the cronuts were RAW. Not kinda doughy- straight up not cooked. I was surprised, and kinda grossed out, so I called. The person I spoke to did not give there name, but identified themselves as the manager. He told me that I was wrong, was rude, dismissive, and with a rude little quip about "not having time for this"-hung up. I followed up with an email, and never heard back. It left a really bad taste in my mouth... So here it is in a nutshell:IF you patronize them, do so cautiously. If they screw up they will yell at you.There are tons of establishments that DO care, they apparently do not.
2	Unfortunately the owners decided to go cheap and started to use premade fillings. Thats to bad because they ruined what I would consider one of the more gourmet donut shops in town. Can definitely taste the difference. Leaves nasty aftertaste in your mouth now. Not going back after last fiasco with the donuts here. Ended up throwing out most of a dozen.
5	Most people admire Elvis for his incredible music talent or his movie star good looks.  I admire the man most for fathering the Fat Elvis.  I've had it as a sandwich.  I've had it as an ice cream (Shout out to the Dairy Kastle in Louisville) and now . . . I've had it as a doughnut.  Got a dozen to go for some visiting family.  I could leave the Key Lime Pie and S'mores.  They were just eh.  But the Fat Elvis and apparently the Peanut butter cheesecake -- because I wasn't fast enough to get a bite of that one -- are incredible.  I also thoroughly enjoyed the fruity pebbles covered doughnut.  This location is 24/7, but if you are trying to do this as breakfast, roll out early.  On Saturday at 8 a.m., the line was out the door and they were selling doughnuts faster than they could fry them.  Grab a fork and prepare to feel like Elvis right before the end.
5	Nutty Pig is off the Chain!  My fav so far... Maple Bars with Bacon were off the hook!
4	had a maple bacon bar for lunch and I am a fan...will be back to try other flavors...
5	If you can look at the pictures people have posted of this place and not think "I want to go to there" than there is something seriously wrong with you that you should get checked out by a doctor ASAP. This is an awesome donut place- ignore for  a second the flashy items like maple bacon and elvis. Even if you just want a plain old cake donut with frosting Pink Box is a cut above other donut places in Vegas. The donuts are always fresh (a feat since they are open 24/7 now) and I have never gotten one that was anything other than amazing. Some favorites that are less noteable (obvi maple bacon is the move)- sweet potato, not really something I would of thought of as a donut but they make it so goooood. I'm not sure if they are following the recipe from Heston Blumenthal but it looks very similar to the donut from his show.Fruit loops- yea not much else to say about this- its a fruit loop donut- why aren't you eating it right now?Blueberry Cake- so much better than a lame muffinChipotle caramel- you heard me right. This thing is a mind blowerDate with a nutty pig- this donut has both blue cheese and bacon which may be a turn off for some people but those people are LOSERS who will never amount to anything in life.
3	Very pleasantly surprised! I received a message from Roberto, the owner of Pink Box. He obviously DOES appear to care. Even the best business owner can fall victim to bad employees, perhaps that is what happened here. He has invited me back for a dozen on the house, and offered me a refund. I am excited to give them a second chance, and promise to review and post a play by play. I have responded to his message but haven't heard back. We shall see.
5	I happen to see this spot on theFood network and said to myselfOne day I will travel across the earth(Henderson to Summerlin) To have some Lucky for me someoneMade the drive for me (Girlfriend).They all lived up to the hype My favorites are the fat Elvis And the Cronuts must tries  So if grandma wants a dozen glazedStore bought doughnuts skip this placeThis a foodie doughnut experience
5	Loved
3	Eh. Just eh. I went around 7pm on a Saturday night. They did not have a whole lot of variety. The girl behind the counter was hurrying me to pick. No suggestions, no descriptions, nothing. I tried them when I got home, and was kind of disappointed. Chocolate cream filled was kinda bland. I am hoping that it was because I caught them late on a weekend and they were not on their a-game. But eh. Just eh.
2	Hyped... and of course you can't understand my order when you crank up the radio because its your jam playing.
4	This place is cute AND affordable!I wish they'd allow another worker as the girl working was pretty slammed and alone.They have wonderfully creative donut flavors.Some of the fillings I believe are too runny but I know others I was with believed other wise.Definitely try the maple bar with bacon! That was the most stand out to me.Also get a dozen! The price is just right for their specialty dozen especially compared to the boring donuts from DD or KK.
4	Great donuts, friendly staff especially Tony! Wife and I pickup donuts at leased three times a week.
1	So, I was contacted by the owner, Roberto, a few weeks ago apologizing for my icky experience. He offered resolution which I thought was great. But when I responded to him no response since. I called the store and a lady named Sam was very snippy and said "he doesn't even come in. Email him I guess because I have no idea who you are." Nice. What a bummer.
5	This place kept calling me.  Saw it on Zagat as one of the best doughnut places in Las Vegas and on the Food Network.  I live in Henderson so the drive would have been very far but something was tugging at me to try this place.  So one day after the gym (yes, I know) I decided to take a drive to try this "Fat Elvis".  Got there but they said they ran out but a new batch should be out in 20 minutes.  Decided to make a small errand in the mean time.  Came back and my Fat Elvis doughnuts were ready.  Took them home and it was nirvana.  Everybody was right!  One of the best doughnuts ever!  You can't go wrong with chocolate, peanut butter, and banana.  Everybody was very friendly and helpful.  Drive was definitely worth it!
5	Pink box is exceptional!  There are plenty of reviews about the doughnuts which are delicious (especially the maple bacon bar!), but my review is for the service.  As a business owner, I was incredibly impressed with their service.  Right when you walk in someone is greeting you and holding the door open for you.  Several people said hello and everybody had a smile on their face.  Well done.  As I was leaving, the employee (or possibly owner/manager from the looks of things) said something that stood out.  He said, "See you again tomorrow."  Love the subliminal message, nice touch.  I will see you again, but if it were every day I could be in trouble.
5	my boyfriend introduced me to this place. mind you I am a donut lover at heart. like I have donut pajamas haha anyway he told me they have the best in the city and this unique one called the Elvis. I was already intrigued. we got there and the lady said they were out but she can make them. I was like wow that's great customer service already! it took about 20 min so we came back and got a dozen of assorted donuts including the Elvis. let's just say the donuts barely made it home. immediately inhaled them haha thanks pink box! :)
2	Great donuts, bad service.  I've been there three times, ordered the same donuts (6 gourmet) and was charged 3 different prices.  When I told the salesperson, she had an attitude.  This review is for the store at Town Square.  Thanks to the service, I'm not going back!
4	Love all the different gourmet flavor donuts. My favorite was a pumpkin chiffon donut. It is a light yeast glazed donut topped with a mound of pumpkin mousse that is light and fluffy.  Before trying the donuts at pinkbox, I was 100% anti cake donuts. But pinkbox's sweet potatoe donut is to die for. It's not too heavy or sweet and is super moist. The Choco-puff has just the right amount of cereal on top to add great crunch!
5	I continue to go to this location! I appreciate the greeting from Bill and the excellent service with a smile from Celeste and Bernice. At the end of the day, great products require ongoing great service. Thanks for keeping the standards for both high.
5	These are wonderful. They are in the realm of top pot of Seattle which is hard measure to match. My wife says that the banana cream. Was the best she has ever had. This is a great shop. I would go out of my way to come here again best doughnut in Vegas
5	We love coming here!!! They have the best doughnuts. The doughnuts are so fresh & big. The services is wonderful. Everyone is smiling & happy. We have come here several times & had always been a great experience.
3	It was just ok.  The selection available when I went on a Friday afternoon wasn't very much.  The Captain Crunch looked good but besides the cereal on top, it was just plain.  Cronuts were dry and they don't put any type of cream in the middle, so they were just bleh.  I've had way better elsewhere.  The Fat Elvis was good but not anything great.  Same with the Maple Bacon.
5	Oh yeah!!!! (Pause for dramatic effect)I'm going to make this short because there are enough reviews about how awesome this place is. In fact I had seen about 3 police cars pull up as I was walking out, you know it's good !!!Fat Elvis is pretty much the greatest donut ever made. In fact any of these donuts are top notch!!!! I'm not gonna lie, the best donuts in Nevada, actually prob the west coast United States!!Now opened 24/7.... You can't go wrong with a fresh pink box (donut)Ok one bad thing is your waist will be destroyed by this place, but at least you'll be fat and happy
1	What the heck! I go in for these specialty doughnuts that look fabulous and there is NO specialty what so ever! With this place being a 24 hour business, all doughnuts should be offered at ALL times. So after i drove 40 min to this place, I ended up with some ok, nothing special, doughnuts. Don't waste your time going here. I could get better doughnuts at a chain. So disappointed.
5	Simply awesome. Doughnuts are probably the best thing ever invented. I love doughnuts. I just moved here and I bookmarked this place before I even arrived in town and I was not disappointed. You won't be either.I hand-picked a dozen half gourmet/half classic at a completely reasonable price and brought them into work. I work with some healthy individuals so they were all skittish at first to go to town on them but everyone kept looking at them. I think I broke the ice when I ate 3 in a row. Get the Maple Bacon Bar...it will change your life!!!
4	This place is pretty awesome. Maybe everyone's all already been but if you have not been I am going to give you a few tips.  First off let's talk Cronuts.  I bought a half-dozen Cronuts here and they are outrageously priced, over two dollars each. I would not suggest ordering them because they're not even the best ones in town.  The rest of their donuts however are worth talking about. First of all they have three different price points so be careful the classic ones are the cheapest the gourmet ones are the most expensive and there's a mid-level priced one.  They always have a daily special so I'll talk about the daily special I had when I went. It was a Coco Puffs Donut.  Yes you heard me right a chocolate bar with cocoa puffs on top.  Really really awesome. I also bought a maple bar with bacon on top. The bacon seems slightly artificially smoky but the concept is a decent one.  I will definitely go back to this place.
5	Completely worth swinging by and getting some donuts. Fat Elvis, seriously don't leave without a Fat Elvis.
5	Me and my husband went there last night for something sweet. The doughnuts are really good, and they have really creative flavors. The 2 young girls behind the counter were super sweet!  We will for sure be going back there!
3	Finally found a store that was open and actually had donuts in it. It was packed inside and they didn't have all the donuts in stock that they had on display. They really should take them off display when they no longer have anymore. After driving around to get these donuts I'm sure my brothers fire station will be very happy!
5	The Cronuts here are the best of any place that I've had. They keep it real simple, and they are amazing. No filling or anything crazy, just glaze or dusted sugar. They are always fresh because they sell out so fast. I wish they made them at other times, but it's probably better that I can't them every day.
5	The best doughnuts ... Most awesomest not only for breakfast ... Go for dessert !! Strawberry Shortcake .. Bavarian Cream.. Sweet potato.. And CRONUTS! If you want the CRONUTS call and pre order for pick up the next day... they do Sell out!
4	The doughnuts were good but I think I got too hyped up for my first visit. The variety was much much smaller than I had anticipated. I gave it 4 because I felt the display was messy. Not all the specialty doughnuts were labeled so if it's your first time you have no idea what the doughnut is, or even what's in it. That made it difficult to order with my group cause the shop was so busy and the service girl was too busy to tell us. The dozen we ordered were missing a few so we had to go back in after leaving.
3	Lent is over and Monkey can have sweets now. PROs Open 24/7Wide variety of fancy donutsVery friendly & helpful staffCONsOpen 24/7Heavier, sugar-ladenThis selection of 4 donuts was $6NUTTY PIG is a Bavarian creme-filled, topped with figs, blue cheese, slivered almonds and did I hear balsamic reduction?  I dunno I dunno. Bite into it and all the toppings fall off. Wipe your face(or not), pick up the pieces and combine collection in your pie hole. BACON MAPLE - very sweet!  Two bites to taste and nah. APPLE PIE FRITTER - Nothing special, it was actually drier than any other shop. BLUEBERRY CAKE - if it's still in my vehicle, unmolested after service, Monkey may sample to review...  TBC.
5	Right when I walk to open the door, there's a gentleman who is there to open the door. I'm thinking I'm paying some really expensive donuts. I walk towards the window to view them delicious treats and they're
5	Got in on a sat about 10 ish and place was jamming they need a bigger store front. ordered about a dozen for 13.00 mix and match for that price its still a great deal for quality stuff. The fat elvis was interesting, the bacon ones where goood. They said they sell out bye noon or so. This place is has lots of staff witch was interesting. will be back when I need a guilt trip esp since vegas drive connects up there, if your coming that way its not in the shopping center with the golds gym however if you drive towards lake mead its in front of the shopping complex.
4	Very friendly staff, a bit crowded with only eight people (I would think they'll expand soon), a good variety of donuts as other people have said, and the price wasn't that bad, my order totaled about $8.50My Order:2 Maple Bacon Bar - I definitely enjoyed this but I think it would be better with a little chocolate on top. It was very light and fluffy which made it easy to eat it very fast.2 Cinnamon Tornado - WOW these things are enormous, light, sweet and do not have too cinnamon in them.Sweet Potato - I asked the young lady who waited on me her favorite and this is what she suggested, I'm glad I listened to her, it was different but definitely worth trying and I would get it again. Original Glazed - I think anyone could devour at least three of these and not realize it because like I said, all their donuts are so light and don't weigh you down. This company is doing great and I can't wait to see how they expand and come up with more ideas. Still reminds me of VooDoo Donuts lol.
5	I don't think this place needs anymore reviews since everyone knows how awesome it is! Just beware sometimes they run out of donuts so don't get hyped out over a particular donut. Good news is there's sooo much good scrumptious donuts that they make up for it.
1	Heard about this place on AOL andit was rated as one of the top 25 doughnuts shops in the USA.  It is 40 miles from where I live and went searching for it.  Unfortunately it is not readily visible from the streets.  It was advertised as open 24/7.  We got there around 7 in the evening and it was closed with a sign "SOLD OUT".  How does that fit into 24/7?  Shouldn't you always be baking if you are open 24/7?  Anyway, we didn't get to taste them, will not go 40 miles out of my way to try again and will not go searching for something like this again.
1	I have to unfortunately give them a 1 star today.  I stopped in at the Lake Mead location (which is not close to me mind you). I went in for the Margarita Doughnut.  The food was great but the girl who I see often and is really sweet and nice was being screamed at by the owner over the phone.  He was so loud.  I could hear the argument was about a delivery to a hotel. I am shocked at how unprofessional he was.  Another customer having coffee at the table left as you could tell he was uncomfortable and so was I.  I felt bad and I think the owner should he read this apologize to her.  I think I'm gonna go to coco doughnuts for a while because I find it hard to support a man who treats his employees this way.  Especially young girls.  THEY CRY JERK!!   I'm a father of 2 young girls and I don't appreciate what I heard.  If she was my daughter or girlfriend or whatever and I heard that I would kick someone's @$$
4	I love your doughnuts but can you please fix your cash register? I came in ready to get a box of doughnuts only to be told that their machine is not working, can only take cash for now. I had to dig into my purse and was able to come up with $2.50 in loose coins. THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME THIS HAPPENED!!! On top of that, the person behind the counter said "sorry" insincerely. I asked if I can write a check instead. He flatly said "no."  This trip was a treat to my grandson for a work well done: doughnuts and hot coco. Boy was he disappointed!
5	So today my friend introduced me to pink box donuts. OMG! Sooo good! I had the s'mores donut. Amazingly good!  I talked my friends captain crunch donut also. Very good.  It was hard not to get more,but I had red velvet pancakes a little earlier and my head would have exploded with too much sugar In A short time. My only problem now is I don't live in Vegas anymore. Will make sure I visit this place every visit from now on.  The staff is super friendly! I look forward to going back and trying many more! They all looked sooo good.
1	My review to Pink Box: I was excited to try your doughnuts since you were featured on the food channel and recommended by friends. Went to the Durango/Montecito location and got the green tea, maple/bacon, and fruity pebbles doughnuts. We brought them to share with my parents. Regrettably we were unexpectedly disappointed. The word we used to describe them was "stale."  Although I was disappointed I made the excuse that we got them from a satellite location. I was willing to give you a 2nd try. Yesterday I wanted to bring my coworkers a treat so I made it a point to wake up extra early to make it to the main Lake Mead location before work. I saw on Yelp that you had the "cronut" so I was looking forward to trying those. Sadly they were not present so I asked the person who helped me to put together a mixed box of the specialty, non gourmet doughnuts. When I got to work, my coworkers and I were excited to try the cool flavors...a lot of brightly colored cereal and sprinkle ones, some coconut ones, and some filled ones. They all looked so delicious. Again we all were surprisingly disappointed. Basically they tasted like grocery store doughnuts with a creative topping. I personally love the toppings...they're pretty and so creative but I would've preferred a better tasting, better quality doughnut. As much as I wanted you to be my new fave local place, I think I will have to stick to Krispy Kreme for now. Thanks for the opportunity to voice my opinion. Good luck to you.
4	My sister and her husband were so impressed with these donuts while in Vegas that they brought us some samples when they headed out to Los Angeles to visit us.  They came in a pink box which I suppose is fitting for the name of the shop though most donut shops serve them in these boxes so what's the big deal?The big deal is the flavor of these donuts.  No matter what other toppings are piled on top of the donut, the base of the donut is packed full of deep fried dough goodness.  I guess it's one person's word over another as there are plenty of reviews here that differ from my opinon saying the donuts are stale or uninteresting, but I've eaten a lot of donuts in my day and I found these to have a good base flavor.  Then, whatever you smear or sprinkle or coat the donuts with can help or harm these donuts.  I don't need them to be super trendy, the usual frosted donuts with coconut or nuts or even just as they are work for me.  I only tried some of the usual suspects without the fancy bacon or cereal or anything else put on them. I have no idea how the staff or establishment are nor do I know if these donuts are priced higher than a game of blackjack at the Bellagio as I didn't visit this place but had the donuts brought to me.  My sister did say that the second location closer to the strip is apparently not open 24/7 so they drove to this one and then had to drive all the way to the otherside of the city (not sure how exagerated that is) to get to this location, but said it was worth the drive!  I think I'll have to check this place out for myself the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Loved these donuts!  I got 2 dozens, one for my coworkers and one for some contractors...everybody loved them!  My co-workers were doing the good 'ol let's cut the donut into quarters so that I only eat a small piece, but everyone kept back coming for more!  Donuts were GONE in less than an hour! My favorite is not too extravagant: Captain Crunch, it's amazing.  Not too light not too heavy...it's perfect!
3	I'm not a sweets person, and I'm especially NOT a sweets in the morning person- donuts and I have never been friends. That being said, I recently took a trip to Portland and tried Voodoo Donuts, and was pleasantly surprised. After perusing the offerings here, i figured I'd likely enjoy them, too.I tried the choco loco and the blueberry, when someone picked up a few boxes for the office. Unfortunately, the donuts I most wanted to try had already been picked out, but I was fairly surprised by the quality of appearance of these donuts- but the choco loco was way too much sugar for me, even only eating half of a donut left me a little sick. The blueberry also had a ton of sugar, but there was decent flavor to the frosting and the color was gorgeous.Will be keeping them in mind for weekends, when I can have later breakfasts, which may be key to having sweets. I love the combo of sweet and savory, so I'm hoping to really fall in love with the Maple Bacon or the Nutty Pig. Fat Elvis, Green Tea, and Smores flavors also caught my eye, but I doubt I'll be carried away enough to try them all!Side note regarding presentation: coworker raved about the service when he picked up order, and despite getting seven boxes, each one was packed nicely and they were not smushed, unlike pictures from another visitor.
5	By far the BEST donuts I have ever had! The different types/options they offer will constantly surprise you and are absolutely delicious. They have a sweet staff which make it for an all around great experience.
5	Omg the best Doughnuts i have ever tried in Vegas! It may be a little pricey than the usual but it is really worth it :) Workers were really nice and gave us a free doughnut after buying a box of 6! :) :) Tried  the S more's  , Cheesecake, Maple Bacon, Croissant Donuts and Choco Loco! Everything is soooo yummy! Its 17 mins away from my house but it's worth the drive!
5	Hands down the most original donut shop I've seen yet. The choices are staggering. I've gotta try me all.
5	Okay...holy cow! Only four stars average? WTF? This place's donuts are deadly and despicably delicious. True I haven't had all of them, how could I? I'd be in diabetic coma. Wait a sec...this place doesn't make donuts...silly me. They're pastries disguised as donuts! When I arrived, there really was no need to go simple...what's so special about an un-special donut. Do try the Fat Elvis, Nutty Pig, Sweet Potato, Strawberry Shortcake, Banana Cream...these were outstanding. Can't remember all the others right now cause I'm in Sugar Haze. Oh... If you don't get a Cro-Do(cronut) when they have them you're either a damn fool...or you don't feel like jogging home to pay for that awesome lapse in dietary judgment.We bought a dozen for the nurses at the hospital where a friend was staying...several people saw the pink box and tried jacking them. That's some serious flipping d-nuts man!
2	Great doughnuts - poor customer service.I've been here a few times and the doughnuts are great!!  Unfortunately the last time I was there the service was horrible, and that is putting is nicely.  I walked in and the guy was helping another couple, but then after getting their order and telling them it would be about a 15min wait he continued to "chit chat" and make small talk, which is fine but he did not even acknowledge I was standing there for about 5min!!Finally another lady came out and asked if she could help me, she was nice enough but when I ordered she straight told me - we don't have those.  Now I'm not sure if she meant we don't have those as in we are out right now or we don't make those.  Now I ordered the 3 strawberry shortcake and 3 banana cream - which I have had in the past, so as I looked at her confused and at their display, she said well, let me check. She walked in the back and said it would be one hour!!  I couldn't fathom as to why the people in front of me, who also ordered specialty doughnuts, would be only 15min and my order would be one hour.  As I was already there I decided to wait.  I ordered a coffee and saw they had vanilla - empty (now the same guy that ignored me is right there and says nothing), so I just get regular coffee.  Another lady tried the vanilla and yup still empty. This time the guy says "oh I have more in the back let me get it - it'll be about 15min".  REALLY WTF had i somehow gained the super power of invisibility and this guy does not see me!!!!!Sad to say I will not be going back in the foreseeable future - maybe if I feel like being ignored I'll go back.
5	After hearing soooo many glowing reviews about this place, I decided to give it a try.  This place definitely lived up to the hype; donuts were super fresh and yummy.  Half a dozen of donuts cost around $9.00 but it was worth it.  My favorite was the chocolate bar, perfect balance of chocolate and dough. Cashier was very friendly and patient.  I will definitely be back.
1	Don't know what the rave is about this place. Tried them once and didn't really have a good experience. A few months later I thought I'd give it another chance. Bought the green tea, fat Elvis and nutty pig. First off, I really don't like the dough at pink box. It's very dense and dry, something I could get at Albertsons...not fluffy at all. The green tea was okay, the frosting at the top was hard though. The fat Elvis was nothing mind blowing, honestly the best part was the glazed banana as the topping. The nutty pig was recommend by the cashier as delicious, and keep in mind that I like bleu cheese. The vinaigrette glaze was just disgusting. Save your money, this place is pretty pricey too. Will not be returning any time soon.
4	I love the amazing Strawberry shortcake doughnut, although I rarely see it. Maybe I get there too late. Either way this place is soooo good and worth the long drive to get there.
4	I was totally wrong in this review and should have made a second trip toPBD before reviewing. I now really really love their donuts especially the maple bacon, i am now a very good customer. They have very creative and super tasty donuts anyone would love.
4	Cute little place.  Kinda of small but who cares because the donuts are amazing.  I don't think I'll go to Krispy Kreme ever again as long as Pink Box is around the corner from me.  The staff was very friendly.  I've been twice and it is always a little crowd but they get everyone in and out as best as they can.  Onto the donuts: OMG the Cronuts. So flaky, not overly sweet.  We went yesterday however they were sold out of the Cronuts which was pretty much the only reason we went.  I called Friday to make sure they made them because I had been dying to try one and they said yes they come out between 9:30 & 10:00 am.  So we got there about 9:40 and they were all sold out.  That is why I am giving a 4.  For a place that is open 24 hours a day, why do you only make a limited supply of what seems to be a favorite for everyone and once it's gone that's it, especially so early in the day?!?! That is the only complaint that I have.  Make the favorites all day long or at least twice a day, once in the mornings and once again in the afternoons.  If they sold out in less than 15 minutes, clearly you have a hit on your hands!  I will go back, I just need to go early to get my new favorite donut!
4	Best donuts I can get in Vegas. They have unique specialty donuts. But my favorite thing to get here are the cronuts ... delicious fluffy buttery flaky morsels of heavenly goodness. Be aware that cronuts are not considered donuts, so you won't get a deal if you get the dozen donut deal.
2	Okay. When this place first opened, it was absolutely amazing. Really incredible stuff. Now, that the new, we're-trying-to-make-a-great-first-impression stage has worn off and it's settling into just another one of Vegas' many, many donut shops, it's becoming just as indistinguishable as the rest. The donuts are still usually pretty good, but they have definitely lost that "wow" factor. I'm not a guy who likes everything to be covered in an inch of icing, so I used to opt for their plain blueberry or plain chocolate cake donuts (and, SweetEvilJesus, I did truly love them!), but they never, ever have either any more. No big deal. It's not like I expect Pink Box to specifically cater to me and my preferences, but I am saying that, by only carrying the super-sweet "gimmicky" flavors, they have lost my business lately. That being said, my main complaint these days is the staff. I think that they must've focused a bit too much on their budget when they went to 24 hours a while back. The past few times I've been in, I have been very disappointed. 3 trips ago, a girl behind the counter thought it was funny that she had spent all day giving plain vanilla donuts to customers who asked for sweet potato. 2 trips ago, they actually had the blueberry donuts, but bagged up plain vanillas for us instead. (And by the way, those were some old, DRY donuts!) The last trip, When we started to leave, the girl behind the counter asked if we needed help. I mentioned that I didn't go for tons of icing, filling or toppings and  that I had been hoping to find some of my old favorites. She seemed completely confused by my riddle, asking "What do you mean?". I explained again. She looked equally puzzled and then told me that they did have the chocolates and pointed to a chocolate cake donut, covered in chocolate icing. Again, wide-eyed bewilderment as I politely declined and left. Wow. Really? If I wanted subpar food served by incompetent children, I'd just go to McDonald's.That's about it, really. The honeymoon is over. I'm probably done.
4	I was excited to come here and try the cronuts but I ended up liking the regular donuts a lot more. I ordered a maple bar, glazed cronuts, sugar cronut, maple cronut, vanilla sugar donut, and a cinnamon roll. The girl working was also nice enough to throw in an additional maple bar.The maple bar was my favorite and even though it is small compared to other donut shops it's the perfect size. The maple glaze tasted like real maple syrup was used. Both the sugar donut and the cinnamon roll were dry by the time I got to them but you could tell they were made well. The cronuts were extremely oily and pretty flat. The cronuts I have had in the past have been a little more crunchy on the outside and not so oily in the middle. I will only come back for the regular donuts.
5	Just tried for the first time & wow check out the key lime donut! Delish!Also they have linked up with my FAVORITE place  SKINNYFATS!! Their creations are simply crazy delectable ! Yum!
5	Absolutely love this place although I'm not a fan of the display case as it doesn't give you that doughnut shop feel I'm still a fan. S'mores and Sweet Potato are my favs.
5	Love the service love the doughnuts.... Great place to go and get a doughnut with coffee. Wouldn't go anywhere else to go get a doughnut. So far so good keep up the work...
4	This is my first time here.... There's one by my house on Durango, but heard that they close early and run out so I figured come to the original. I had the cookies and cream cake doughnut. Oreo topped doughnut with Oreo chunks throughout and a not too sweet icing in the hole (that's what she said). Super yum. Small store so we had to sit outside.
4	If a donut shop consistently runs out of the standard glazed donut, you're failing at being a donut shop!  3 weekends in a row now with a pitiful selection. With that said, the donuts are fantastic, and I wish I could get my favorites when I go, but I have to settle for whatever they happen to have at the moment.  Stock more of the standard donuts!!!! They are so good!!!!
4	I've waited to write my review until I had been to Pink Box several times.  I can honestly say the quality of their doughnuts have been consistent from visit to visit.Pink Box reminds me of Voodoo Doughnuts in Portland, minus the graphic references and not as much creativity in their flavor combos.  It is local to Las Vegas with multiple locations across the valley.Don't look for garden variety doughnuts here, although they do have a devil's food glazed that ROCKS. They have their regular options, like the Fat Elvis (it has a caramelized banana slice on top), but also have a special creation that changes from month to month.  It entices you to come in every month...cuz when the flavor is gone, it's gone!Definitely not your standard doughnut spot.  Worth a stop in, especially if you are new to Vegas!  Plus, it's always better in a pink box!  (Well, maybe a Tiffany blue box might be better!!
3	The doughnuts were definitely creative. The taste was average, just your typical doughnut I feel you could get anywhere. The service was really good, but because we came later in the day, most of the doughnuts were old or not available anymore.
4	These donuts are not just for trendy- Oregon based hipsters and would-be food bloggers. These are honest to goodness delicious donuts with a few brave flavors for the most daring of pastry lovers. I recommend the Elvis!  Peanut butter, banana and bacon:)
5	Two of the best donuts I've ever had, and I've had many. The Fat Elvis and the Campfire S'Mores lived up to their reputation. What made the Campfire S'Mores so special was the house-made toasted marshmallow. Also can't go wrong with the peanut butter filled Fat Elvis. The donuts had perfect chew while being light and not greasy.
5	This is the place to go to if you have a sweet tooth! I pre ordered a dozen cronuts to take home to SF and I was SO happy when I arrived and got them. We also got 6 more donuts because they convinced us that it would be a better value. The pink velvet, the maple bar with bacon, the chocolate with custard filling and banana cream were a few of the other ones we got. The cronuts are SO good. We got maple, chocolate, glazed and cinnamon sugar. My and CL were happy campers.
5	This is hands down my fav craving to satisfy.....the donuts have the perfect combo of sweet and dough.  The owner is so friendly, the employees  always smiling and gracious.  They get an a++++++++ in every single way/shape and form.  I buy from them so often for all the medical offices I go to, and they are devoured in mins!!     I will continue to give Pink Box my business for years to come!!
4	Still one of the better places to get doughnuts in Vegas. I had San Diego's Donut Bar donuts over the weekend and was jonesing for more so I stopped by for a few I always get the Vanilla Sugar which is plain but doesn't disappoint. The Boston Creme was a bit disappointing. The Raspberry filled was good.Pink Box is not even close to being as good as Donut Bar but it satisfied my hankering.I will keep going back when in the area.
4	I'm not much of a donut person but this place is pretty much donut lover heaven! & it's cheap! $9 for a dozen speciality donuts! UHHHHH yes!! I've been here a few times and each time they have new creative donuts. Of course they have the usual glazed and sugared donuts, but what they're known for is the extreme, out of the ordinary donuts. Like.. maple bacon, peanut butter cheesecake, sweet potato, key lime pie, double fudge, fruit loop, etc. There are so many that I can't even remember them all! Of course I couldn't try them all. My favorite is the sweet potato donut. I'm a simple gal.Usually the donuts are pretty fresh. Every time I come there they are pulling out freshly baked donuts out of the oven. And best part about this place. They are OPEN 24 HOURS!! So for all you late night donut cravers, your prayers have been answered.
5	I love this place!! Really in love with the pink velvet donuts as well as the vanillanut coffee!! I could eat here everyday. Everyone is always friendly and you can get in an get out. I've never waited too long. I also got to try  A cronut, a crossiant texture but a donut taste. It was flaky and sweet and mmmm lol I'll always be back . At the lakemead location they are 24 hours,which is really nice. You can also call I orders
2	So I have been hearing about this place and their donuts from people around town. I thought I would  give it a try.I drove to the location at the Fabulous Freddy's on Durango just South of Flamingo. I checked on Yelp before I left the house and it had the opening time for Sunday at 6 am. I arrived there to find that they do not open until 7:30 am. Then I drove to the location on W Lake Mead & Buffalo. This location is open 24/7 and they actually make the donuts at this location.It is a small store with a a small display area. I'm sure when it gets a little busy the line easily goes out the door. There is not that much room in the store. They do have a few tables outside if you choose to stay there and eat your donuts. The girl behind the counter was very nice and helpful while we were making our selections.So there is a large selection of specialty donuts. We decided to get a dozen and sample them all. I will say before I go any further with this review that none of the donuts tasted like they were freshly made and I was there at 7 am. I rated them from I did not care for to Excellent.-Maple Bar - Good. Very sweet.-Fat Elvis - I did not care for. Peanut Butter and bananas in a donut. IMO, Nasty.-Apple Fritter - Excellent, if it would have been fresh.-Key Lime - Excellent, if it would have been fresh. I love key lime.-Lemon - Good. The same donut as the Key Lime with a different filling.-Strawberry Short Cake - Good. Fresh strawberries and frosting atop a donut.-Chocolate with Cocoa Crispies - I did not care for. Their chocolate donuts were dry and firm.-Chocolate with nuts - I did not care for. Their chocolate donuts were dry and firm.-Chocolate with coconut - I did not care for. Their chocolate donuts were dry and firm.-Cheese Cake with Butter finger - Okay. Barely any filling inside the donut.-Cookies and Cream - Okay. Barely any filling inside the donut. This was an overall disappointing experience. I can tell you that this place does not even come close to Dunkin' Donuts.I'm out!
4	Aside from being a complete rip off of Voodoo doughnut ( which as a one time Portlander turned me off right away as not being an original idea) the doughnuts were great.  I had what I think was a s'mores one, but someone else brought it to work so I'm not sure exactly what it's called.  It was delicious, I just wish  it was a little more original.
5	My fave the best in the business.  24/7, 365.  Unique cool flavors. Nice staff, thanks!!
5	My fiancee and I were actually looking for an ATT store when we saw this place. We decided to stop in and fell in love immediately! First of all I'm astonished that I can get a dozen specialty donuts for about the same price as a dozen regular donuts anywhere else. The donuts were so amazing, that when we're coming back to Vegas to get married, THIS will be our Bridal Party's breakfast day of! Can not go to Vegas without getting these fabulous donuts!!! BTW, fruity pebbles was my favorite. Although ALL of them were horrendously scrumptious. I would say don't scarf down a whole bunch of different ones at once, it ruins the experience and flavor. Kind of like smelling different scents, you need a coffee break in between. lol.
4	I was totally wrong in this review and should have made a second trip to PBD before reviewing. I now really really love their donuts especially the maple bacon, i am now a very good customer. They have very creative and super tasty donuts anyone would love.
4	I was in town with a group of friends for a dance festival in Summerlin. My costumes included a tight black leotard and extremely tight black high-waisted shorts that pinched into my waist accentuating the lovely curves of my love handles, a skin tight, respiration inhihibiting nude unitard swept with gold paint and dusted with rhinestones, and a blue rhinestone encrusted watery unitard, while more forgiving on the waist, showcased my lovely male camel toe. After my last performance, I quickly switched my diaphragm back on, learned to breathe again, and pulled my dance belt out of my rectum before turning to Yelp to satiate my need for glazed, powdered, and filled goodness.After a quick search of donut shops in the Summerlin area, I chose Pink Box because of the unique flavors of donuts and raving reviews. I decided to order two dozen donuts to share with my fellow dancers. One dozen for me and a dozen for everyone else. We chose at least one of every flavor they had on stock which included:Apple Fritter                    Maple BaconGlazed                            Chocolate BarChocolate Glazed           Maple BarGlazed Cake                   Fat Elvis                   Cheesecake Filled          Fruit LoopChocolate Filled             Bavarian CreamRaspberry Filled             Key LimeThe best donuts that induced my sweet escape into glucose overload were the apple fritter with its crunchy exterior and gooey interior and the fat elvis with its peanut butter and banana filled center. Now that my body and mind have returned to reality, I cannot recommend this donut heaven enough especially with its patient and caring staff of highly trained donut handlers.
5	PB you've outdone yourselves with this bacon maple bar! To DIE!!! Also tried the blueberry fritter finally LOVED IT - you PB ppl can do NO wrong in my eyes! I love you're creativeness & just the general vibe I get when I'm at you're placed - very hip lol
4	Pink box is not for the faint of heart. Oh my goodness, they do not joke around with their donuts. Each donut was like a meal in itself. My brother and I went crazy and got one of each specialty (wouldn't recommend, way too much!), but my favorites were the apple fritter and the lemon meringue. It was ssssoo yummy, I died. I felt like crap after but had no regrets. They definitely know quality donuts here, but because the donuts are so rich and hearty I would only come here sparingly.
5	This place has a lot of reviews already so I'll keep it short. BEST DONUTS IN VEGAS and I swear I'm not even a donut person! The dough is soft and chewy and the toppings/fillings are all super fresh and flavorful!! These are donuts that you only dream about lol! My favorite is the maple bacon omg and I've always  been the person that's like "uhh bacon on dessert?...idk..." but I'm hooked. Savory and sweet at the same time...my record has been eating three of these babies in 15 minutes. I'm very ashamed to admit this but that's how good they are. Even my mom, who is an old school asian lady who believes in fruit for dessert requested these for her birthday lol. My brother's favorite is the elvis and my mom's favorite is the pink snowball. I also really love the sweet potato, bavarian cream, banana cream, blueberry, cheesecake filled and whatever else is available lol. You honestly can't go wrong with any of these doughnuts!The only thing I honestly HATE about this place is the way they pack them!!! Seriously! It looks like they just throw them in a box! There's a reason why every other donut place packs them in the same rectangular  box and not on top of each other. And it messes up all toppings and look of the donuts. All that hard work to beautify these donuts only to be tossed in a box. Tsk tsk.
4	SO it has been a year and a half since my first review and boy has this place changed. They are now open 24/7 and the selection has griwn 10 fold. Plus if you call and ask them for something if they don't have it, they will make it for you. Donuts are always fresh and the service is great. Well done Pink Box, love what you did to the place.  Only reason for the lack of a fifth star is kinda small and no place to sit inside with friends and family.
3	Went here a few days ago and they had a very limited selection if donuts available---basically every donut I saw on yelp was not available when I went it may have to call ahead to make sure they have the donuts you want... The customer service was okay very young and semi unprofessional talking with their visiting friends etc. but the donuts that I did purchase were good! Wish I could've tried the more unique donuts.
5	Best gourmet donut in town! I tried "O Face" donuts and they don't even come close, Pink Box is ten times better!
5	Soooo good. I had the strawberry short cake and my daughter tried the bacon maple bar.  they were all out of crounuts. Next time. The coffee is just ok. The place is clean and the staff is nice and patient. Not trying to hurry u. We ate outside the birds were a little crazy but other than it was a nice Friday morning.
4	What can say, except AWESOME! Donuts and service worth the drive. Keep up the good work...
5	I saw this ace on yelp and decided to give it a try based on reviews and the fact that it's open 24 hours. I called before going in just to make sure they had a variety to choose from. The guy (Tony. I think) was very friendly and assured me that they did.When I arrived I noticed the place is indeed tiny. Not a place I would want to come when it's busy. Being that it was almost 2am I wasn't expecting fresh donuts. To my surprise I was actually able to snag a few that were just made. I kept it simple and got 6 donuts. I don't like chocolate not am a fan of cream filled donuts so I didn't try any of those. My daughter chose the strawberry shortcake one ( one if the fresh ones) and is in love. I got a glazed , blueberry and apple fritter for myself. The other two were tutti fruity and a chocolate bar. I love the blueberry donut! I somehow made one disappear before I got to my car. I sent my daughter to go buy one more and she came out with two fresh ones! After trying these donuts we have all agreed this will be our only donut place!The staff is super friendly and very helpful. I'd come back just for the great customer service if I didn't enjoy their donuts.
5	I'm not a huge doughnut fan. I never have been even as a child. However I stumbled across this place via yelp and saw the unique mix of flavors and thought I would give it a try. I was very plesantly surprised. I ordered the chipolte caramel which I was apprehensive about initially however, anything with spice sparks my interest. It was phenomenal, an amazing mixture of sweet and spicy. It had my mouth watering for more. The selection is fantastic here. My boyfriend ordered coco loco and the chocolate creme and this place turned him into a doughnut lover. The shop itsself I dont believe is a good representation of their product. However the product is phenomenal. I would definitely give Pink Box Doughnuts a try! I will be back.
3	I actually craved these doughnuts last weekend because a co-worker of mine brought a box of these to my work. When I visited I was hit not only by the smell of donuts but also the nice variety of different types. When I read the wall sign with the prices I thought "this should be easy". I chose to buy the half a dozen specialty/ gourmet donuts for what I remember was $6 or $6.50. When I got my donuts I was surprised and confused when the guy told me my total was $8 dollars. Maybe I got 4 out of six specialty or vice versa I don't know? But why did the price suddenly change from what was posted? I don't know, but I wish any information about what you can or can't get in a half dozen was at least notated on the sign board.I still bought my half dozen and they tasted really good. Would I go back? Sure. But the next time someone has to explain to me what exactly I can get for a half or full dozen box to not be overcharged.
4	I think my donut kick warrants another donut review. I like this place because of their variety. They have everything from plain donuts, gourmet peanut butter cheesecake, donuts topped with cereal, sweet potato, and even cronuts. My favorite has been the sweet potato one. I'm going to knock down a star for the following reasons: Every time I've gone there, they've ran out of cronuts..  They need to keep up with the demand!  Their donut quality and freshness just isn't on par with Krispy Kreme!
5	I can't believe this location is open 24/7. It's oh so comforting to know that if I ever have a craving at an odd hour, that Pink Box Doughnuts will be there to enable my poor eating choices.My favorites include: Rocky Road and Cookies n Cream.:-)  Delicious.
5	Loved this place the people were great an truly nice. Regrettably I forgot the guys name we had been chatting with but he was especially kind an informative about the assortment available. The women who helped us was quick and and very good at her job. The doughnuts were amazing though we haven't tried them all :)
5	The donuts were very good, we mostly got standard fare- jelly, sprinkles, chocolate cake, etc. I splurged on some specialty: turtle cheesecake and pumpkin. Pumpkin was a little underwhelming but still tasty. The service was incredible!!! Everyone was happy and enthusiastic. They worked with me on a coworkers special request without hesitation. 9am Friday I had expected the selection to be a bit picked over, but I was not disappointed. I will absolutely go 5 miles out of my way AGAIN to bring these in to work!
5	BEST doughnuts in town and they one 24hr location conveniently located near my gym.  haha.  without a doubt the best and would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone.
5	They're just the best!!!!
3	The lady gave us a free sample of the sweet potato donunt.. Yeah, the sample was the WHOLE donut. Props. That was my favorite and I would get that flavor next time, too.
4	Tried the Cookie's n cream, strawberry shortcake, and The Fat Elvis. Fat elvis was the best. These are more like desserts rather than doughnuts which is fine with me. Make sure to eat them fresh otherwise they are nowhere as good.
5	Great selection of gourmet donuts. So many to choose from. I picked the gourmet dozen for $14. The donuts had fun creative names and the staff was friendly. In addition they are open 24 hrs! Hidden gem on Lake Meade!
5	Love the donuts! They are light and fluffy. So happy to find a good place within 5 miles of my house.
5	Great donuts, love the varieties available.
5	It's been said before but it's worth repeating, the BEST donuts in town.  I will only eat Pink Box donuts from now on.  Why waste your empty calories on second best when you can have PINK BOX, haha!  Ok, seriously, their donuts are always super fresh, probably bc they sell so quickly.  Every flavor is well made.  Raspberry filled is my personal favorite but you really can't go wrong with any of them, Boston creme, Date with a Pig (interesting and not in a bad way), chocolate glazed, S'mores, etc.  all good.  Just writing about them is making me hungry for them.
5	SOOOOOO yummy! All I really have to say is GO TASTE these yummy donuts!
3	Recently my husband and I did go back.  The doughnuts were much better this go around.  Though I do wish that the fillings were not so centralized within the doughnut.  Some had a better dispersion so that each bite of the doughnut you could get all the flavors.  Thank you to for responding to my complaint.  Keep up the good work
5	Love that they are open 24/7 now. Customer service is good ( sorry, cannot remember the guy's name who works nights), and the doughnuts are yummy!When I get jonesing for a doughnut, it's usually at night, because I'm a night owl. The clerk who works nights has recommended several of the specialty doughnuts to me. Some are fab; some are not to my particular taste.My faves? The Fat Elvis, because I love chocolate and peanut butter together. Also the Sweet Potato. Can't really do justice to a description though. It's just a really good, not overly-sweet cake doughnut. If you are in the NW neighborhood and looking for a 24-hour doughnut fix, this is the place to go. Funny that it's steps away from a Golds Gym.
5	Doughnuts are amazing. They're so light and fluffy with amazing flavor. So much better than a run of the mill shop. Add to that the people inside are super nice makes the trip worth it. I always want to be healthy but these are my weakness and will cheat anytime I can with them.
3	I know donuts are not for health conscious. So when I eat a donut, I'd expect something that can compensate the guilt.Pink Box was not bad, but not enough either to the point I'd want to sacrifice my health on a regular basis.The journey to find *the* donuts shop continues...
3	Went in this morning to buy some "cronuts" and the lady there said they don't make them that early.... It was 7:40am!  Very disappointed as these were going to be a birthday treat for my Doctor I work for.  I wonder what time of day do they make these "cronuts"? Anyways I did buy a half doz.  and I got just some of the regular doughnuts and 1 gourmet apple filled.  Looked in the box and she place that one on top of all the plain ones so all the pretty filling, whipped cream goodness was smooshed on 2 the top of the box. No bueno! This has been my second time going and I feel rushed when I go in like if you don't know what you want or like, you are in the way and holding up the line.  It gets so crowded and I feel like the set up is backwards. Maybe it's time to expand?  Over all the doughnuts were good but wish I would have been able to buy the infamous "cronut".
2	Disappointed. Overrated. Nothing special.Gimmick donuts that does not even taste that good.One of best donut place in US?  I don't think so.
5	I love pink box. Their donuts are ridiculously delicious, every time I have tried them they taste fresh, and there are some really innovative donuts here! I am a huge fan of their breakfast cereal donuts, their fruity pebble cake doughnuts are too delicious. Also, if it's Fall and they're serving their pumpkin spice donuts, you need to buy one. Or three.
5	This is such a great place. The donuts are fantastic and customer service was excellent. My friends and I had a great time and had delicious donuts. Thank you
5	This place is amazing!!! We had been here before, so I arranged to get three dozen gourmet doughnuts for the morning of our wedding. First of all, the price for a dozen "gourmet" doughnuts is insanely good! About $15. Did I mention that they are gourmet? And amazing! Second, I had asked the owner if they had a butter pecan doughnut. He said they didn't but would make it just for us for our special day! When I arrived, he was incredibly nice! He had the order day mixed up but you couldn't tell. They just packed up the dozens of doughnuts. He apologized for not having the butter pecan doughnut, he couldn't get the recipe right when he tried earlier in the week. I however explained that the butter pecan wasn't necessary and he through in another dozen donuts. Then he kindly helped me into my van with them, as I had a rambunctious three year old with me. This is the second time I've been here and each time it's just been amazing! Thank you!!
4	I'm a vegas native who now lives out of state with my family. My friends and brother rave about pink box donuts, so I had to give them a try. I'd heard to steer clear of the cereal-topped donuts because by the time you eat them the cereal is soggy, so we did. Everything we got was great-cronut, fritters, cream-filled, s'mores, both bacon-topped donuts (even the one with dig and bleu cheese-against my better judgment), standard cake, cookies and cream...all of them were a delight. Pros-getting out of there with a dozen sinful pastries for under $15, friendly staff, friendly/happy/chatty customers. Cons-beverage selection, teeny tiny store (the line was literally out the door), the more heavily fried donuts were on the greasy side (fritters and cronut-like they went directly from the fryer to the glazing station without being drained for just a sec), and the fig and bleu cheese number was a touch too creative for my liking. Ultimately I'll be going back, because yum. Well done, pink box. I can understand why you're so loved by your people.
5	Wow what a range of doughnuts! The variety is like nothing you get in Australia!We ended up getting a half dozen variety. I had the cookies & cream doughnut. It was delicious! Looking forward to sampling a couple of others varieties. The store has friendly customer service staff too :) Side note:  I've never see a doughnut store that's open 24hrs! Only in America right ;)
5	Do not go unless you want to become addicted and get that I repeat do not go to this place if you were on a diet or health-conscious the donuts are on real I swear to God they sprinkle crack on these donuts there so amazing and addictive I have a stop talking about this it's 430 in the morning and I already want to go there in the morning with my roommate for breakfast and steaming hot coffee!
5	Words cannot describe how great this place is.  The staff is great and the donuts are amazing.  The only problem I've ever had is with the lines out the door.  They've taken steps to fix that with the express line for people who only want one or two donuts.
5	I'm writing this quick review solely to get it out of my list-of-what-to-review.The doughnuts here were:- Fresh!- Doughy!- Cheap!- Had an assortment of interesting flavors!I LOVE THIS PLACE. Better yet, it's open 24 hours! Moments like these make me seriously ponder if my clothes will fit by next season. Specialty. Classic. Gourmet. All at comparable prices. Check it out yourself so you can see the different selections they offer.The store front itself is very cute and attractive in my opinion. +1
4	Love how they're open 24/7! Hate that they were out of the maple bacon bar =( but I also did go in at 12AM so that's most likely the reason why they were out lol. But there's nothin like yummy donuts to fulfill late night sweet cravings! Definitely coming back because there's so much more I want to try!
5	Pink Box is my go to specialty doughnut shop. I've tried many of their doughnuts and these are my favorites:  Cheesecake, Turtle Cheesecake, Banana Cream Pie, Strawberry Shortcake, Cinnamon and Seasonal. Not sure If you noticed but I love anything filled or topped with cream cheese, pudding  or whip cream :) Store Is cute & clean. Staff are always nice & friendly. Pink Box is always a hit with family, friends and out of towners.
4	A desperate Sunday cheat day crawl left us craving for dessert. Thank god pink box saved the night. We were trying to find something cheap and delicious and NO doughnut places were open. We found pink box and went into the cute and clean setup. They had a great "artisan" selection(can we say bacon, blue cheese, dates, and sweetened balsamic reduction!). Most importantly though, when the doughnut I wanted was no longer served for the evening, they offered to fry one up a fresh one!! As my friend said "WTF something awesome just exploded in my mouth".   I'll definitely be back.  ;)
5	Cronut. Get the cronut. It's the lovechild of the croissant and doughnut. You would have to wait in line for hours in New York to get one, and here you can just waltz right in. Whenever I have guests in town I'll be sure to pick them up some cronuts from Pink Box. Edit - if you go too early the cronuts won't be ready. The optimal time to get them is about 10am.
5	LOVE Pink Box!!!! We had them cater a doughnut bar at our wedding back in May and it was a HUGE hit!!! They were easy to work with and made everything stress free. Looking for a good doughnut??? I highly reccommend Pink Box!
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I would always make a stop at Dunkin Donuts. My friend, who is a local said that I was crazy and that I needed to go to Pink Box Doughnuts instead. I finally caved in, and I've been a repeat customers since. What makes Pink Box better than the typical doughnut shop is that they have gourmet doughnuts. They have the Elvis doughnut which you've guessed it...peanut butter and banana. They also have bacon donuts, and a new one I've discovered....pink velvet. Pumpkin cheesecake and pumpkin cream are new, and probably only seasonal. My favorite was the green tea donut, but that has been discontinued. The doughnuts are light and fluffy...similar to Krispy Kreme but not as sweet. The only thing I do not like about Pink Box is that they do not have a location in Los Angeles, or anywhere outside of Las Vegas.
3	Update 11/26/14:Okay. Well, I've went back and tried Pink Box a few more times since my initial review and, while still not exactly perfect, their customer service has actually gotten quite a bit better. In our last few visits, only 1 guy has tried to give us the wrong donuts. since we were watching his every move, we were able to catch it quickly that time. So that's good. Their selection has been a bit more reliable too. That's also good. After my first review, the manager (owner?) contacted me, apologized and even offered me some free donuts. Obviously, since I wasn't fishing for freebies, I declined. It was a very nice gesture/PR and definitely didn't go unnoticed or unappreciated, though. So, yep, that's good too. Honestly, this place seems like it's getting it's act together now....for the most part. My only real complaint now is that we caught a cashier ranking our experience as 5 stars (or whatever the top tier rating is) on the register screen without asking us or giving us a chance to do it for ourselves. That was shady as hell! Really pretty sleezy and dishonest, in my opinion. That's what stopped this from being a 4 star update. But it is what it is. They have good donuts and the staff is getting better.
5	Amazing donuts! They have a such a wide variety of donuts then range from bacon on top to pumpkin flavored.  Prices are pretty reasonable for the donuts that they provide.Service was very friendly and offered some suggestions if I was stumped on what else to get.
4	Me and my brother's addiction are donuts. I recently moved to Las Vegas and I'm originally from up northeast. Us northerners loooooove a good doughnut so I found this place. I must say their doughnuts are remarkable. They are made fresh throughout the day. I had one issue with them that the very quickly resolved it. I went there to order the cinnamon bun doughnuts for my little brother's 18th birthday since they are his favorite. They girl told me they would be ready in an hour. She took down my information and said she'll call me when they are ready. I went by there an hour later only to find that they weren't ready and she tried to give me doughnuts I didn't ask for. She said well come back again in an hour and it will be ready for you and it will be on the house. At this point I'm frustrated because I have left work each time to pick them up. The final time, I had my brother with me, which was not the plan. The girl who took my order had already left for the day, I explained to a manager what happened. She was so compassionate. She offered to give us some other doughnuts and have someone deliver the freshly baked cinnamon roll doughnuts. I told her that it wasn't necessary, but she repeatedly insisted. I finally told her that was fine. Since I had already had the issue earlier with them not keeping their word, I wasn't counting on them doing so. I received a call that evening and they sent someone to deliver doughnuts to me. I was in shock. This was true customer service and I will be returning since they have the very best doughnuts in town. My brother was so happy.
5	The staff is super friendly here, I feel very welcomed when I walk in. I love the variety of unique flavors that Pinkbox carries that you can't find in any other donut shop (of course, they still have the classic glazed donut). The gourmet donuts are even better; my favorites are the banana cream pie and strawberry shortcake. I have yet to see and taste what new flavors they have in store for the season. The pricing, in my opinion is very well-priced and reasonable.For those of you that would like to know about the area it is located in: Pinkbox is located in Summerlin and is in an area surround by many retailers and other dining/fast food, which is very convenient. Specifically, there's a Walgreens (or CVS, I don't quite remember which one since they look quite similar), AT&T, and Starbucks nearby it (and more); so for those of you who like to hit two birds with one (or multiple) stone(s), you can go grocery shopping, buy your new iPhone or Andriod, and/or buy a nice cup of warm coffee from Starbucks to accompany your delicious, unique, and fresh Pinkbox doughnuts. I mean, I don't know about you, but, who wouldn't want some Starbucks coffee to accompany unique, gourmet donuts?
4	You know that one time when you were eating donuts and thought to yourself "man, I wish they had ________ donuts?"Here is the place where you'll find it. Specialty donuts are delicious creations suitable for your inner obese child. They offer a good variety to satisfy your sweet tooth. The only sad part is that donuts are sometimes cold from sitting too long but I guess it's part of the volatile demand due to different cravings.
4	I love me some pink box.  Ooo la la.  Soft creamy and tasty!
5	Delicious (but pricey) donuts. Some awesome flavors going on, and they switch it up which is nice. Not for those people on a diet, haha.I really enjoy the Smore's one.Open 24 Hours :)
5	I've been looking for a decent doughnut shop close by where the cleanliness wasn't questionable. Upon a recommendation, I decided to stop by Pink Box. Not only do they have the classics....all made fresh behind the counter, but they've got tons of specialty and gourmet. Their maple bacon (yes, bacon) is to die for! We're not talking about sprinkling Bacon Bits on top of a maple bar here. We're talking mouth-watering, lightly-crisped, only-missing-the-sizzle-of-the-skillet, bacon on top of the most fresh maple bar I've ever had! My whole staff is now addicted, and it's become a staple for our Saturday morning meetings. I would gladly pay 14-15 bucks for these babies, but nope! A classic/specialty box of a dozen 9.00! Devil or angel, I don't know, but I'm hooked!
5	My friend told me about this place. I have gone therr 2 times now. Both times the donuts have been exceptional, they are so good, and all of the donuts I have gotten from here have been fresh and soft. I have no idea why so many people are having problems with service and stale donuts. I have only ever been to the Lake Mead location, maybe that's why.
5	If you love a good donut then definitely recommend Pink Box donuts.  They are the best in town!
5	First place in Vegas that made me think of all of my beloved sweet treat shops in Seattle. It taste fresh, homemade, & unique. I am so happy their business boomed & that it's doing so well. I would definitely be sad if they ever left.
5	AMAZING! Great staff and amazing doughnuts!
4	Currently there are 3 pink box locations in town but this is the only 24hour location.  This Specialty Donut shop has awesome flavors! Nutty Pig features: bacon, blue cheese crumbles, figs, almonds and balsamic glaze on a plain raised doughnut. That's a lot of stuff going on for one doughnut but the presentation is quite nice and has an attractive prettiness to it. The light purple/grey glaze is cleanly put on the plain raised doughnut. The middle of the doughnut is sprinkled with pretty bits of bacon, blue cheese, slivered almonds, and  I was told dried figs. The figs resemble dates, to me. The fig/dates have been slivered and arranged in a quadrant splaying from the middle.The Nutty Pig is a bit messy at first bite as bits of bacon, almonds and blue cheese crumble from your mouth , but the flavors meld together as you chew, chew, chew.Nom, nOms!
5	I love the variety and the prices are very reasonable. be prepared to get several whether you really want or not. you just cant choose between all the flavors.How can you not love a place that has Maple bacon, chocolate bacon and a simpson inspired D'OHnut.
