4	I went here recently ...  they just  moved some operations west from their amazing restaurant in New York (www.ilmulinonewyork.jp) ..  we had a private room for 8... amazing cuisine.. including sicilian lobster, tri colore pasta, rack of lamb with 8 ribs! 28 ounce steak (a good meal to split), veal scallopini, ... incredible presentation on the food. Tremendous wine list. This is a fine dining experience! The service was fantastic except they forgot to actually prepare my meal... so they only get 4 stars, b*tches! (we were all so hammered by that point that  I just split someone else's meal, it was cool) Extra pricey here.. but if you've just hit it big at the Craps table... check this place out!
2	After a good run on the craps tables we thought we'd splurge on a good meal.  Unfortunately, this place was a real disappointment.  While it had a nice atmosphere and great service, the food was very mediocre and veryexpensive.  I would rate it a few notches above diner food, for about 1000 times the price.  If you're going to be in Vegas, you can do better.
3	our hotel (ballys)  recommended it.. the restaurant is 'fancy,' has a romantic mood: dim lighting & candles, and also a nice little view.  the waiters were more than willing to serve us, they were so friendly (maybe TOO friendly, they were like flirting with us, it was sometimes uncomfortable).  they all seemed to be "italian."  but my friends and i are pretty sure that some of them were faking the italian accent. (haha) we all ordered different pasta dishes.  i ordered from their "specials for the night" : mushroom and black truffle ravioli..which i couldn't finish, not because there was too much on my plate but because the black truffle was "how do you say," too rich.also my dish cost $50.00.overall, the food was OKAY, the service was more than great, because they gave us free shots of GRAPPA and LEMON CELLO!!atmosphere is for couples.  we all had a good time at Il Mulino because the waiters were entertaining us, but other than that.. i don't think I would go back there or recommend it.
3	Had dinner there two nights ago and was looking at the reviews today.  I understand where people are coming from and I'm at a disadvantage because I don't have too many other Vegas restaurants to compare it too.  It is a fairly upscale place in the Forum Shops of Caesar's Hotel.  The service is top flight.  The moment you sit down they are on you with fresh parmesan cheese, garlic bread, sliced salami and fried zucchini.  I had dover sole in butter and lemon sauce that was very good.  They present it to you at the table before they debone it and serve it.  Fancy, I guess, but hardly necessary.  It was way better than the dover sole at the Caesar's buffet I had the next night.  My wife had a baseball cut filet mignon that was good but a little overcooked.  I can't really blame the restaurant.  I keep trying to tell my wife they need to be medium rare to medium at most and she insists on telling them medium well which usually ends up being well.  This is a sure way to kill a great piece of beef.  The caesar salad was ok and the wine, while good, was overpriced.  My wife ordered a tartufo for dessert which we shared.  Now I'll claim ignorance about what a tartufo is.  What they served us was like a giant bon bon, cut into fourths, arranged on a plate with whipped cream and those little cookies that are shaped like pencils.  Anyway, whatever it was it was pretty good.  We finished the evening with something called lemoncello which I've never had before.  Another couple with us were from New York and the wife was an Italian New Yorker.  She said it was a licor made from lemons and vodka and was traditionally served at the end of an Italian meal in New York.  So there you have it.  The meal ran about $200/person but we had three bottles of wine.  Still, everything in the place is a la carte and it's not for those on a budget.  I enjoyed my meal but it sounds like most  reviewers felt the same as I did about the place.
4	My husband and I ate here during our trip to Vegas and wow I thought that the mustroom black truffle ravioli was to die for! I absolutely loved it.  My hubby's dish was the lobster special and neither of us really cared for it.  The service was excellent though - real attentive, but with the price tag of the place (over $200 for dinner with drinks) I would have been surprised if it had been any other way.  We sat outside and had a nice view of the strip while we enjoyed our meal!
3	I did not eat here, but stopped in for drinks after dinner . Our bartender  Robert was friendly and engaging.  They have a nice balcony area with a great view.   I have heard good things about the food, but have not tried it myself.
5	Being Italian, I love Italian food.  So of course my family and I usually add at least one night of Italian feasting to our itinerary wherever we go.  My relatives have eaten at the Il Mulino in New York and said it was one of their favorite spots.I love the atmosphere.  It is like an old school restaurant with dark wood, white tablecloths and waiters in tuxes.  The bar has a couple of vessels of house made grappa from which you shall receive a small sample post-dining experience.The meal starts out with appetizers including parmesan cheese, bread and antipasto.  Make sure all of your party partakes because of the high garlic factor.  Hey if only one person smells of garlic the party is over for them, but we Italians always say the more the merrier.The waiters are also really good about letting you customize your order.  I'm a pasta lover of course and my absolute favorite sauce is marinara.  I know, boring, but I love my marinara so what can I say.  A pasta with marinara sauce was not featured on the menu but the waiters are very accommodating and brought me my pasta with marinara sauce as requested.  My parents usually order some sort of meat dish which they always rave about.  My siblings have ordered various pasta and seafood dishes which have all been very tasty upon our traditional sharing of the food.  You know how it goes, "oh my goodness this is so good you have to try some".  We don't usually order dessert because we are always STUFFED.  The waiters then bring out a small sample of house grappa for those who are of legal drinking age.  I'm not a grappa fan personally.  It smells and tastes like NyQuil and I had a very bad experience with NyQuil back in college.  Ewww.  But my dad and brother-in-law were quite fond of the grappa, so, good for them.  Il Mulino is a good ol' Italian restaurant that some would consider pricey.  I just consider it molto bene.
2	Should be spelled "ILL" Mulino.  What have you done?This was a tremendous disappointment!  Il Mulino in NYC is in my top 5 favorite places in the world.  This Vegas impostor had 1 thing in common with it's NYC location.  Very high prices.I should have known when I was able to get a last minute reservation for 6 on a Sat night.  The food was probably better then average but I held them to a higher standard.  Do not think this is what the downtown NY restaurant is like.  I would call this brand dilution and I hope they are making plenty of money because they sold their soul to do it.Go to Rao's instead.  Also not as good as the original but a better representitive the "ILL" Mulino's
5	This could be one of the best Italian restaurants I've ever eaten at. I went there with a group of nine people.  The service was incredible as was the food.  It truly is a dining and culinary experience.  While Il Mulino is not a family style restaurant, everything was so good and unique that we turned it into one. We were sharing Grana Padano (cheese), bruschetta, garlic breads, country bread, focaccia, chicken Parmesan, veal, ravioli, shrimp fish and more. A bit on the pricey side, but well worth the experience!
5	Michael M. is totally right about his review. This is the BEST Italian restaurant ever!My friends and I spent about 60 box each but it was totally worth it. You will never regret about hitting this place.
5	Great italian restaurant. Was def. a highlight of my last trip to Vegas. The service was impeccable. Our waiter was great. He knew all the dishes and specials perfectly and our water, bread, was never empty. Had the caprese special and some eggplant/crab dish to start. Both were phenomenal. The mozzarella was soo fresh in the caprese. For main course, ordered the lobster ravioli and mushroom ravioli w/ truffle oil specials. Both were spectacular. I was so full I couldn't really appreciate my meal as much as I would have liked. Do not eat the bread! You'll regret it when your pasta comes.If you're looking for a great Italian meal in vegas, would highly recommend this place.
4	It was a toss up between checking out Batali/Bastianich's B&B Ristorante at Palazzo and Il Molino at Forum Shops.  We chose Il Molino because we were turned off by B&B's menu of offal such as sweetbreads and lamb's brain.  There is no way my husband will eat oxtail, rabbit, wild boar, or duck liver.  Too authentic for us, I guess.But Il Molino ended up being a great choice.  The romantic classic dining room was warm and inviting.  When we were seated, tuxedo-clad waiters (more than one) promptly arrived to set down napkins and menus and carved chunks of aged parmesan from a giant wedge for all of us.  Additional starters included thinly sliced fried zucchini, sliced salame, beautiful rustic bread, outstanding bruschetta, and mussels - we didn't order any of these things.  It just came.  Our waiter spouted off a long list of specials and even brought a tray of langostines to the table to show that they were part of the specials.  We ordered veal rollatini with prosciutto and mozzarella, pappardelle bolognese, angel hair with tomato and garlic, lamb osso bucco with saffron risotto, chicken picatta, and fettucine alfredo.  Of course, we were all full from the appetizers by the time the giant-sized entrees arrived. All of our dishes were very good but not outstanding or incredibly memorable.  The cuisine is classic Italian, so the menu, although it has terrific variety, isn't incredibly inventive.  However, seeing familiar dishes makes the food very accessible.We ended with a dessert sampler which included pieces of tiramisu, molten chocolate cake, zabaglione with berries, and ricotta cheesecake.  Again, everything was great.In my opinion, what you pay for at Il Mulino is the stellar service.  Not sure if any cappellini pomodori or fettucine alfredo worth $26.
5	This place is hands down the best Italian restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of eating at.  It was a class act from start to finish.  Tuxedo clad waiters seated us promptly upon arriving and brought a round of appetizers shortly there after including aged parmesen cheese cut directly from the biggest wedge I have ever seen. We also ordered a fantastic eggplant appetizer that was a special for the day. I enjoyed the porcini mushroom ravioli with a champagne truffle sauce as my entree and it was amazing. We ended our lunch with the tiramisu and the tartufo. Both were excellent. Afterwards we were offered complimentary grapa. I can't wait to return!
3	our team dined here at a recent sales meeting.  we almost didn't get seated because the reservation had been booked for the next night. the hostess was very defensive and accused us of making an error on our reservation.  luckily our manager saved the voicemail stating we were confirmed.  at that point, the maitre'd stepped in and gave us a very nice private roomthe service was stellar. the food was stellar. two words. YUM. MEEEthe service and food do come at a cost, though.  our total bill for 11 was $2300!! i would normally give this type of place at least 4 stars but the interactoin with the hostess really tarnished my experience.
4	I was here last week with a large group of girls (bachelorette of course) and the wait staff was very helpful.  They repeated the nightly specials and even made 2 special requests for some finicky eaters.  We paid about $60 each but it was well worth it.  I loved the Parmesan cheese chunks served with warm bread.Just to warn you though, portions are huge!  I'll know next time to share the main course, or order family style.  I swear the pasta dishes had about 1lb of pasta in each bowl!The captain was very nice, he even took pictures of our group on the outdoor patio!
3	Not as wonderful as the New York Il Mulino.Food was good, not great.Far, far too expensive. Four guys; about $110 per guy.Menu is hard to read: prices are in that curly font where 5s suspiciously can be mistaken for 3s! ("My entree is $54 dollars! Damn! I thought it  was $34!)Service was also good, not great. (I love hispanic waiters pretending to be Italian...but then, who doesn't?)  Had to ask for menus three times.The decor is very nice: low-light, warm colors, dark wood.Did I mention that this restaurant is far too expensive?There are better Italian restaurants in Las Vegas. One that comes to mind rhymes with Schmalintino...also expensive, but almost worth it.
2	Went here in early 2008.  Service: Very condescending, made us feel uncomfortable throughout the dinner.  I think he was upset we did not order wine or appetizers.  Busboy was very nice thoughFood: "free" appetizers were excellent. Dry cheese and a zucchini dish.  Main courses were not enjoyable at all...Shrimp al diablo and Canneloni. Portions were very large though..if only they tasted good :( Price: Extremely overpricedOn our first trip to Vegas, this was our one really nice meal.  The place was recommended by a group of guys on our flight in who told us they went to Vegas once a year for the past 7 years.  We were extremely disappointed and felt robbed.  Perhaps it was our meal choices....Would only go again if meal was free.
4	I was on the fence for a 3 star verse 4 star review here. It really was a wonderful meal and dining experience so I went for the 4 stars. The only thing is how overpriced it is. I ate alone, for lunch, on a Tuesday while shopping at The Forum Shops in Caesars. I literally could have made a meal out of the "starters" they give you - fried zuchini, wedge of pamasan cheese, garlic bread and sticks, and brushetta and salami. All of that was so tasty. Because all of that came with my meal I didn't mind that my lunch entree was $36. I definitely think that is overpriced though. It was paparadelle in Bolognese sauce, very tasty! I was also a tad annoyed that I was charged $7 for water and then I asked for an iced tea and that was $8. Also, when I went to leave the tip, on the receipt it had a spot for a tip and then also a tip for the table "Captain" - I never heard of that before. So I wound up giving both of them a tip and my grand total for lunch, just for me by myself was $71! It was good and the service was wonderful so I can't complain. Plus I did want t o splurge on something nice. I probably won't go back next time I am there though because I think that you can get just as good food for less. Plus I hate that $7 water tactic.
5	We love this place. It was our second trip to Il Mulino after a two-year hiatus from Las Vegas. All the tasty nibbles they serve as soon as you sit down are great (parmesano reggiano, salumi, fried zucchini, bruschetta, fresh baked breads). It is expensive but we always feel we receive excellent service and delicious food in large portions. (We'll gladly spend the extra $100 on the tab to feel like we were tried like royalty and enjoyed more than enough food.) They never rush guests here too, which is nice. The ambiance is nice too. Of all the restaurants in Vegas to celebrate our wedding anniversary, we chose this one and it did not disappoint.
1	Skip it. Really not worth it. Over attentive but inefficient service. Yeah, I know. Sounds weird, but it was. Waiter even passed a bigoted slur on his staff. Manager tried to bail us out from of mess of problems. AND, got really sick within an hour.
4	Outstanding. I'm reading some other reviews and scratching my head... I guess any place can have an off night but I can't imagine how you get Il Mulino to one star. A decidedly different experience than the typical LV restaurant in that it's quiet and refined. The service was impeccable and friendly; not condescending in any way shape or form. The food was outstanding in every way, from the appetizers they put on the table before you even look at the menu to the main course and awesome desert. If you think Olive Garden or Carraba's is Italian, don't waste your money here. If you want first rate house made food with awesome service, Il Mulino is for you.
4	Very good Italian choice in Las Vegas.  The best items on the menu are the appetizers and the daily specials.  Menu entrees are good, but generally too heavy.  Service is very good, and they probably have one of the best sommeliers in town.  Location is not my favorite; it is essentially in a shopping mall. As good as it is, the Las Vegas restaurant is about 1 star less in overall quality than the NYC home restaurant.
1	The best thing about Il Mulino was the anticipation. The reality of Il Bumino is that it's excessive, for no other reason than to be over-the-top in price alone. I really don't mind paying more, much more, for all the right reasons that include simple desires like high-quality food and a great wine list. However, Isle Mul-I-tink-NO's wine is way way over priced and their food is just good (not great).Don't be fooled fellow Yelpers. If you have a ton of cash burning a hole you in your pocket, and you're not spending it at all the Craps table, then I suggest you go somewhere else to eat, where you'll get something more then a premonition to look forward to....
5	Every time you dine here it like dining at a friends house. As soon as you sit down they bring Parmesan, salami, zucchini, brushetta and two baskets of fantastic bread. Cesar salad is made to order and it has a great dressing. I've had the veal Parmesan, which is a giant portion of tender veal topped with marina and cheese. It was amazing.Also tasted the special, which was lobster ravioli. Which was fantastic. Great service. A little expensive, but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for.
5	Was just here last week at the request of a customer. Place is very $$$$ but Holy F*ck  Really Really Good! I'm italian and have had my fair share of good italian food, and can cook well myself. All I have to say is Go There! It's KILLER!  I had the Branzino (fish)...  Insane.
5	This was my first visit here and well, what a nice experience! we showed up rather early and they were still able to seat us even though the place appeared to be rather busy. They start by serving you a huge chunk of Parmesan cheese. They also bring out a few small apps. We then had the escargot and the gnocchi with diablo sauce. Both were great. No one in out party of 4 was particularly hungry so we only ordered two entrees. They halved the portions and plated them for all four of us. The food was good but the service was impeccable and that's really what the 5 stars were for. We'll be back!
5	Thanks to Yelp, we were able to go NUTS at this restaurant without worry.  Reading about the crazy bottled-water charges, we simply avoided bottled water (duh... :) and went on to have one of the best meals of our lives!!   And thanks to the truly delicious food, I'm not even taking off a point for a few of the staffers who were a little on the bitchy side (many men wait on and service your table throughout the meal, it's those cocky, little pretty-boy ones who are a little much -- or, shall i say, a little lacking in their servicing skills).  Our actual waiter, however -- Fabio [ciao bello!!] -- was a consummate pro (making up for those bitchy weasels, luckily)....and was certain to look in on us throughout the evening -- a true charmer!DO watch out though -- this food is soooooo delicious you may find that you overdo, so don't be afraid to split dishes.  WIth all the extras they bring for you, splitting will help not only with the bill (which will be high, but well worth it),  but with the ability to walk [vs. roll] out of the restaurant.We'll definitely do a split-fest for next time (so that we can actually go OUT after dinner -- i mean, this IS vegas [baby]:).........we'll DEFINITELY be back !!!
5	I yelp'd this restaurant before we actually went to see what to expect.  GREAT reviews.  The minute we sat down The big hunk of Parmesan was sitting on the table and the captain started cutting pieces off for us.  Then the flood of food started pouring onto our tables.  It was awesome.  The fried zucchini, bruschetta + mussel.  Good nibbles before the real deal came.  The captain came over introduced himself and proceeded to give us the specials.  We all joked that we needed subtitles because he had a thick Italian accent and we had no clue what majority of the specials were.  We caught seabass, ravioli and veal hahaha.  It was a good time.  I ordered  the beef carpaccio for my appy:  Thinly sliced tuscan style beef served with arugula, olive oil and lemon.  After passing it around to everyone at the table for a taste, I had one bite left....it was a delicious last bite.  For my entree I had the mushroom ravioli. OMG DELICIOUS! I was so full by the time my entree came, but I forced fed myself because it was so good.  I also tried a bite of everyone else's to add to that. *ugh*  but it was all worth it.  On the table we had Ossobuco "the manly dish" lol (my friend Princess ordered this and the waiter looked at her wide-eyed and said wow, that's a manly dish) lol.  Lobster Ravioli, Sea bass, Lasagna, and Veal.  Every last dish was delicious.  Even with all this food we still found room for dessert.  Gelato, Tiramisu, flourless cake, and cheesecake.  HOLY CANOLI they were all good! The Cheesecake was the best cheesecake I've ever had.  The Flourless cake was awesome too.  Overall Food was great, service was great.  O I forgot the grappa was extremely strong, but apparently it's suppose to be like that.  Loved the restaurant, it IS quite pricy, but for me it's well worth the treat once in a while.
5	my gf and i went here for our second date.  in fact, we were "walk-ins" and were treated very well from the get-go.since the second date ... we've been here at least ten times.  each time has been just as good as the last.i read a review saying "pasta shouldn't be more than $20."  really?  which fly-over city are you from, man?  perhaps in your b- or c-city pasta doesn't cost over twenty dollars but in the "big cities," yes, you'll find pasta dishes that are much more.i'm sure if you're expecting olive garden (which doesn't completely suck), then you're gonna be shocked when you get the check.my gf and i have almost the exact same tastes and find that most plates are too big for either one of us ... so ... we split a lot of things.  we're not cheap; we're just not wasteful.  i've never had an over-charge experience here.we love the paparadelle.  we love love love this white truffle ravioli.dennis, the wine steward/captain, will not steer you wrong.the wait staff is impeccable but i still miss our friend lino who's now working for one of the night clubs.along with RM this is a place we CONTINUALLY look forward to eat and see our friends.
5	I've not been to Il Mulino in New York and I'm not going to respond to those purests that will (accurately, perhaps) point out that the Vegas-Version is a distant reflection of the original.  It's hardly relevant because if one is in Vegas and looking at eating here they want to know what it's like HERE, not New York.  Right?I wasn't buying.  My largest supplier was.  And it's a good thing, as it was in the upper stratosphere of prices for all restaurants.But whoa!  They start bringing you things to munch on before you even order anything.  No, not the requisite breads.  But instead, fresh cheeses, prosciutta, and I can't remember what else.  Between the waiters and the captain of the table (another person that needs a tip, by the way) the service was outrageous!  Wow!I had the rack of lamb.I devoured my yummy sheep, picking wool out of the teeth (joking) with a big smile on my face (not joking).  The experience was one that everyone should have once.Make sure your credit score is in good shape before you go, though.
1	My husband and I walked in about 8:30 on a Wednesday night and asked for a table for 2.  The hostess was completely thrown that we had just walked in and didn't have a reservation.  As in, she really didn't know what to do.  As she sat there looking confused and looking around the restaurant, my husband suggested that we could grab a drink at the bar while she figured it out.  She looked relieved and went off to talk to a gentleman who worked there (we presumed about our seating).  Meanwhile husband ordered a martini, and I a glass of $18 wine.  At least it was a big pour.  The wine list was out of control expensive without being out of control excellent.  My baseline is Veuve Clicquot Yellow Label - in the local wine stores here, I can buy it retail for $35-40/bottle.  On this menu, it was $125.  After having a tremendous bottle of Rioja the night before at Stripsteak (at $85) that we were still reminiscing about while at the bar, we decided that by the glass was probably the best way to go.After about 20 minutes, we determined that our previous night's meal was so good, that neither of us would be opposed to going back if we weren't going to be seated by the end our our drinks.  Ten minutes later, husband paid the bar tab, the hostess was nowhere to be seen, and we took off for another delicious steak down the strip.
1	We went to Il Mulino in Las Vegas because it was recommended by the concierge desk in the shopping mall.  Staff were very friendly and the big cheese they served us was really good.  But we had to waited long time for our pastas... when we finally received our food, we were all dissapointed.  Carbonara was extremely salty, clam pasta (Vongle) was bland, and Risotto was just not good at all.  Only thing that was good was Lobster Ravioli.  I am not recommending this restaurant to anyone.
5	Ok so this place is far from inexpensive but...  From the moment you arrive you are greeted with culinary magic.  The Parmesan chunks, the excellent breads, the paper thin zucchini and mushrooms with delicious olive oil (that in itself would make a meal and are all brought to you while you decide on what you want for dinner at no extra charge).  The wine list is amazing and in a leather bound book. (They had wines for as little as $80 and as high as $29,000.  Yep it is no typo 29K for a bottle.)All the pasta is fresh, ravioli amazing, appetizers are diverse and delicious.  Everyone at the table enjoyed different items from Gnocchi to Mediterranean Sea Bass and all were amazing.  The food kept coming for over 3 hours and by the end we were too stuffed to even contemplate dessert.If you win BIG in Vegas and are looking for an experience that will be remembered, then set aside about $400-$800 for dinner here and enjoy.
4	AWESOME AS ALWAYS!!! We went for my birthday and had a GREAT time! I had one of their specials, langostino over risotto. PERFECTO!The Captain and the staff are always top notch! However it was the first time I saw them allow people in wearing jeans and very casual wear, kinda killed the high class feeling, reason for taking a star off. If I'm paying almost $200 for dinner, I'd prefer you keep the typical Vegas riff-raff out.Can't wait to go back though!
5	Bad reviews? What restaurant were these people at?  Il Mulino has Outstanding service, exquisite cuisine, and an impressive wine list making this authentic Italian restaurant a must experience.From the small samplings delivered to table upon our being seated to dessert and everything in between, simply amazing.I had the Osso Bucco and my wife had shrimp with a mushroom risotto.  Everything was cooked perfectly and delicious.  For dessert? The best Tiramisu I've ever had.This is not an inexpensive place to eat but it is well worth it.  Among the best meals I've had on any continent.
2	Our dinner started out on an impressive note with the yummy appetizers as mentioned by other reviewers--parmesan cheese chunks, thinly sliced fried zucchini, pepperoni, and hearty bread. We had to ask for the balsamic vinegar to mix with the olive oil already on the table. Then the head waiter rattled off a long list of specials for the night (as though we were going to remember any of them. Why not write them on a blackboard or print out a daily special menu?) Since we had reserved for the $50/p prix fixe sunset menu, 4-6PM, all the specials he mentioned didn't apply, and when we told him that, he totally lost interest in us.   There were ample choices on the prix fixe menu, so among 8 of us we ordered mussels, calamari fritti, cannelloni and tasted each others portions. I have to say not one of them stood out. Mussels were not plump and juicy; calamari was not light and crispy; cannelloni was not thin like a crepe. For the main dishes, among us we ordered porcini mushroom ravioli, salmon, steak in marinara sauce. The only happy diner was the one who ordered salmon which was moist on a bed of veggies. The ravioli was doughy and the filling was mushy; the beef was smothered in the sauce and too salty. We also ordered a bottle of red wine for $115 since the "house wine" by the glass would have cost $27 according to our waiter. Our bottle was "decanted" in a pitcher. I have never seen this done in any fine restaurant. But it went down smoothly and helped make the entrees more palatable. Dessert should have been the piece d' resistance with assortment of tiramisu, cheesecake, and chocolate cake. It came on a plate all mixed together and covered with whipped cream and ice cream--not at all appealing.    In summary, the pasta for the dishes we tasted seemed commercially-made and the sauces were too heavy, nothing like refined Italian cuisine. The dessert looked thrown on the platters. They wouldn't give us separate checks for four couples whereas all the other restaurants did so. On the plus side were the appetizers and the service waiters who were attentive and pleasant. The dining room is also very attractive with low noise level. I wouldn't return to this restaurant as there are so many better ones to choose from, even with the prix fixe menus. Other reviews for this 3 day Las Vegas eating trip to follow.
2	Our friends who live in Vegas wanted to take us to this upscale Italian restaurant, which they had experienced a few months earlier. When we arrived, we were impressed with the white tablecloths, the atmosphere, and the serving staff. As soon as we sat down we were offered a chunk of cheese off the biggest wheel of parmesan I've ever seen.  It was very tasty and a nice touch to begin your meal.  After about five minutes, the server brought over bruscheta for each of us, but I found it overwhelmed with garlic, which took away from the tomato and basil tastes normally associated with this appetizer.  At this point, we hadn't even ordered our meals yet. Our friend wanted a wine that he had tasted on his previous visit, but it was no longer on their wine list. That was no problem, and the sommelier immediately turned up with exactly the wine we wanted. We were impressed!Unfortunately that's where the great experience stopped. We each ordered something different and were surprised that everything was ala carte. I ordered chicken parmigiana and got one plate with a huge chicken breast covered in marinara. The parmesan cheese was sparse. White it tasted satisfactory, I was surprised that an Italian restaurant would serve any kind of parmigana without pasta to accompany it. To be honest, I can't even remember what everyone else ordered because all of our meals were pretty unmemorable. We were quite disappointed to have paid so much for so little.This place is definitely classy, but for the price, I'd say you can find something much better somewhere else on the Strip.
4	My husband and I arrived 15 minutes early, as our reservation was at 9:15pm. We were greeted by a lady with dirty blond hair and red lipstick, she was so friendly. There was a young lady standing with her, that looked really angry, grumpy would be a better word. She should not be at the host table. We were seated and immediately we had drinks, bread, cheese, bruchetta, zucchini and salami. All this was complimentary. What a nice humble touch. We ordered the calamari, it was OK nothing great. Next for our main dishes:We had the chicken parmigana Amazing! Yes, everything is al la carte so we order pasta. Linguni with garlic very fresh and angel  hair with marinara, tasty. The service was very good!
5	I was treated like a Princess. The waiters were very respectful, and mini bowed when I walked by to use the restroom.The food was spectacular! Great unique flavorful options. Definitely a 5-star dining experience!Next time I am in town, I will definitely stop in!
4	Want great service, great food? This is a great spot for a romantic dinner, or just some great grub before a night on the strip. Been twice, different meals each time and EVERY TIME GREAT!!!! Little pricey on the drinks, great value with the food, considering the 20 items you get before you even get a menu. Cheese, bread, something else I didn't try, and even some muscles!!! AWESOME PLACE!!!!!
5	You have to judge a restaurant against what it tries to be, and what Il Mulino tries to be is an "experience".  A very expensive experience.  A very expensive experience with food that is only good, not great (with exceptions).  But Il Mulino does succeed is being an experience.  The decor is elegant and "rich".  The staff, for the most part, polished and proficient, but not fawning.  You start off with complimentary breads including garlic bread, bruschetta, grilled zucchini, fabulous aged parmesan cheese.  All this before you order.  And you end the meal with complementary grappa.  The meal is well paced, the clientele interesting, and the food "good enough".Since the main course portions are more than adequate, and you are already half full from the freebies, you can probably skip the appetisers.  Listen carefully to the long list of specials, recited at breakneak speed (interrupt if you need to), because a lot of the good stuff is here.  The bronzini baked in salt is much like signature dishes in fine restarants in Spain and Italy -- spectacularly good.  All of the pastas are good; don't order half portions as they are almost the same price as full portions.  Some of the meat dishes are only ok.The bill will be high -- about $100 a person with a glass of wine, tax, tip, and maybe a dessert and side dish.  But if this is what you expected from Il Mulino, you will go away happy.
2	My friends had been to this restaurant the previous year and had raved about it all year long. This year we made reservations for one of their birthdays. She was very excited, recounting the details from the previous year. We arrived on time and were seated on the patio as requested. It was a very nice night and just captured the essence of Las Vegas. They immediately brought appetizers of fried zucchini and garlic breads to the table, as well as carved pieces off a very large chunk of parmesan. These were all very delicious. I had a wonderful arugula salad, and my wife had the prosciutto and cheese appetizer that was magnificent.For the main course I had the lemon veal. It was mediocre at best. My wife had the ravioli that we all agreed was no better than the Costco bulk ravioli (which is still good). During the course of the meal I had to ask several times to have my water refilled (this is not usually a big deal, but when they charge thirteen dollars for a bottle of water, I shouldn't have to keep reminding them that I'm thirsty). After bringing us our meals and making a quick trip around the table, our entire wait staff disappeared for over half an hour. Leaving our party and another couple alone on the patio.Going through the wine list, the waiter was continuously pushing a bottle that we weren't interested in. I checked on my phone and found that this bottle that they attempted to sell us for $215 retails at Vons for $22. Needless to say we didn't choose that one. We did choose a bottle that was good (I can't quite remember the label, but it paired very well).By the time we had finished, we were unsatisfied with the restaurant and went elsewhere for dessert.No part of the restaurant, the food, or the service was awful. However, the combination of those when compared to the amount of money being spent made it a bad experience. We spent over $150 per person. For that amount of money I expect exceptional service and incredible food. I experienced neither mediocre of both. If you have money to waste, give it a try. But if you want a great high class meal, look elsewhere.
5	Don't know why there's bad reviews for this restaurant. Been here several times and each time enjoyed every bit of it. Be sure to come here with an empty stomach.Like everyone has mentioned, you start off your dinner with an impressive wheel of parmesan cheese presented to you and shaved at table side. They also serve you complementary fried zucchinis, bruschetta, and mussels. Then the Captain will proceed to explain an entire book of specials that are not listed on the menu. I kid you not, it felt like an hour passed us by as he explained the specials for the night. Pretty impressive memory. Kudos to him.I recommend that you don't skip out on the lobster ravioli as an app. It's a very rich and heavy dish, so I wouldn't recommend it for your entree.Overall, you definitely getting your moneys worth, staff is very attentive, and best of all the food is excellent.
5	One of my favorite Italian restaurants. We go here every time we are in Vegas. The food here is great and they serve really good cheese, pan con tomate and fried zucchini as pre-appetizers. All their pasta and risotto dishes we tried were tasty. We also tried chicken parm and it was fabulous. We also tried garlic lobster scampini,  jamon serrano with melon and egg parmesan and  they were excellent. The only downside is the location (in an odd corner of a mall) but once you are in the restaurant, it's so nicely decorated, you forget that you are in a mall. They have good wine list and their desserts are good too :) Highly recommended.
4	Good food, Good service.  Not a ton to say that hasn't really been said already...The free shit that they bombard you with is plenty to fill up on, and it's all delicious. Though, I've been here a few times, always hoping and anticipating something different, though it never is.  Many of the specials are the same, (though, perhaps Its because I find myself in Vegas at the beginning and end of summer, more than any other season, so perhaps its just dependent on what's in season... That's a fair thought, right?)I have genuinely enjoyed every meal that I've had here, and typically shove too much food in my face.  It's all very flavorful.The complaint that I would have with this place, is that their wine menu is stupid expensive... Their mark-up on them is astronomical... Probably 500%+, But, I can accept that, getting hunks of parm, bruschetta, zuccini, mussels, grappa, a selection of breads, salamis, and whatever else I may be forgetting, as compliments of the house.  They have to pay for the free shit, somehow...
5	Il Mulino is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  Upscale + old-school Italian = my kind of place!  My family always makes it a point to dine here when we come to Vegas.  We LOVE Italian food.  Pasta, garlic and vino are diet staples!The waiters are charming and always refer to the ladies as "bella".  So sweet!  As other reviewers have mentioned, the service is spot-on.  From being served the complimentary apps of bruschetta, garlic bread, salami, garlic bread and the most delicious aged Parmesan, you know you are in for an experience.  I really enjoyed my penne pasta with marinara and ricotta cheese.  Unfortunately, I was a bit of a piggie and overindulged on apps, so I wasn't able to eat all of my pasta.  I ate as much of the pasta as I could because it just tasted so yummy!I still can't stomach the complimentary grappa that is served after the meal.  I wish I could, but it is just way too strong for me.  Oh well.  The food and service keep us happy and ensure that we will be repeat customers.  Buon Appetito!  ;)
5	Right when you walk in the service is amazing. My cousin loved the Gnocchi. It was very upscale and quiet. The meal was one of the best I've ever had. And the desert was fantastic! I wanted to try everything that was one the table because it looked so good. I took a few pictures of the desert and diner plates which i never really do. ***** Recommended for everyone! OH and try the Limoncello!
4	Great restaurant.  Unless you get an expensive bottle of wine, the price is reasonable as well.  Everything from meat, seafood, pastas, and appetizers are all great.  I had the luxury of decanting my bottle of wine after a win at the tables.  They will do it with a nice bottle of wine.  Although...the 'nice' means expensive and expensive at a restaurant means x4 wine shops.  However, if you are on a trip to impress a lady or with good company, and have some cash to burn, it's worth it.
4	Come starving...they automatically bring house appetizers before you order your drinks and the food is beyond filling. Romantic but great for a group of friends/family to share a amazing Italian dinner. The following are a must order as they all melt in your mouth: caprese salad, red snapper. We also had rack of lamb but I was too full from all the appetizers...it was more filling than a buffet. Pair all courses with wine as suggested and you will come out a fan!
5	We had an absolutely delightful dinner.  The food was delicious, the service impeccable, and the atmosphere warm and inviting.  As soon as you're seated, delicious tidbits start appearing on your table.  Can't recommend it highly enough.
5	This is place is incredible. This is the best Italian meal I've ever had -- beating everything I had in Italy as well.DECOR, SERVICE, and FOOD are all top notch.Highly recommended.
5	If you love Italian food and you're in Vegas, do not miss this restaurant!  I know it's hard to justify a 10,000 calorie meal when you're planning on hitting the pool the next day, but isn't decadence part of why we go to Vegas?  To spoil ourselves a bit?If you haven't been to Il Mulino before here's my advice: skip lunch, grab a date, wear something not-too-tight, and show up ready for some serious, fabulous carbs.  Beware that the assortment of free munchies comes out before they even deliver the menu, so it's easy to get overly-enthusiastic about the fried zucchini, garlic bread, parmesan chunks, bruschetta, and spicy toasts and fill up on those.  Delicious as they are, it's worth it to save room for the ravioli.  Personally, my better half and I split a Caesar salad (an attempt to throw a vegetable into the mix), then split an order of the ravioli (which is always a "special" and not listed on the menu), then he gets the chicken parm, and we finish off with a dessert of berries and cold zabaglione.  It's a meal worth savoring, so take your time and enjoy.  You deserve it after losing all that money in the casino.  ;)A note about the staff - they are always amazing and incredibly attentive.  And a note about cost - I believe the ravioli dish is $50 per order, which seems crazy, but if you split it and factor in all the freebies you ate the minute you sat down, it doesn't seem as bad.  Make an evening of it (particularly a romantic one), and it will be worth every cent.
4	Had an amazing dinner... the service is great!  Had the fillet and couldn't go wrong with the Shrimp with pasta. Like the reviews said... the appetizers beforehand can be a little much. Plan on being really hungry when you arrive. You won't go home hungry.
3	It's OK Italian food. Pretty pricey but it is located in Las Vegas. We had a party of 12 and they were able to accommodate us last minute since our reservation at a prior restaurant had mysteriously disappeared. We sat down and the wait staff was very nice. Our server did make us comfortable while taking our time to order and asking if we would prefer a different pasta. That was a plus. The only thing I would recommend for the restaurant is to not have so many specials. The server basically read us the whole secret menu because the other items that were not on special was posted on the regular menu. Too much to absorb.I had a great time, but I probably wouldn't come back unless I was craving Italian food in Las Vegas.
5	1;30 Lunch My traditional LV Italian fix at my fav Il Mulino.Best lunch in Vegas.Always lunch (no crowds or hype).Always late (great service).Order of stuffed Eggplant Rolentini stuffed with shrimp and crab.Off the hook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Split the Canaloni - yummy.Couple of Martinis Couple of complimentary Grappas (traditional raisin and lemon on this trip).++ a spoonful of Tiramisu.As always the crew was swarming to make the experience outstanding.Kudos to Peter, Harry and Greg.Great service.See you next trip!!
5	Just an incredible dining experience. I was very impressed being an Italo-American and used to the best italian food. Can't wait to try the NY spot.
5	If you want an honest review of an Italian restaurant ask an Italian...My wife and I have been going to Il Mulino N Y for many years and always look forward to our meal there..We were asked to recommend and book a restaurant for us and two other couples on a recent trip to Las Vegas. we were a bit apprehensive in selecting Il Mulino LV because we had never eaten at that location.....well, we went, and here's my impressions. first of all, let's get this part out of the way.....THE FOOD IS OFF THE CHARTS GOOD...Very authentic Italian, just like Grandpa made for Sunday Dinner....You've read descriptions of the food from other reviewers so I won't go into descriptions of that, suffice it to say, the food is peasant Italian served in a  gourmet style...pay no attention to the nay-sayers..didn't see an Italian name among them... difference between Il Mulino NY and LV atmosphere...NY restaurant has been around for a while and is a bit worn which,I feel, adds to the charm..The wait staff in NY is less stiff, Far more friendly...Back to LV, we were the first to arrived right at 5:00 PM....no big welcome, not even an enthusiastic hello..We ordered cocktails at the bar and enjoyed them on the patio overlooking the strip...No one came to get us when it was time for our reservation so I had to track someone down to take us to our table...Now, I want to regress a bit....I had brought a very good bottle of wine from my cellar to share with my friends....note, I never bring more than one bottle of wine to a restaurant..I walked in with the wine exposed, nothing was said until I went to the Maitre D' and asked that my wine be opened and decanted...he then advised me of their policy of no outside wine..I said sorry I didn't know...he did make an exception and allowed my wine with the understanding that there would be a corkage fee and that I would buy another bottle of wine...all this done in a scolding sort of way saying I should have called first about the wine policy...he's probably right about that but, a little respect....I was probably drinking wine before he was born..I was handed the wine list soon after being seated..I was hard pressed to find a decent wine for under $200.00...did find one but not until after the waiter's strong encourage to up-sell me...corkage fee $40.00, a bit much...all that said, service was great food was real..."You really need to go"
2	I can tolerate bad food when there's great service, and I'll deal with awful service when there's amazing food.  But at Il Mulino, we paid $100/person for above-average food and below-average service.  You can do better in LV.FOOD: Il Mulino starts you off with some tasty complimentary appetizers.  The parmesan cheese was great.  The bruschetta was decent, but I've had better.  The mussels were not fresh, but they're free.None of the main courses wowed me, and at the price, they definitely should have.  The osso bucco ($48) was tender but bland, and came with a saffron risotto that was dry and gloppy, not creamy and luxurious the way it should be.  The lobster ravioli ($40ish) was overly cheesy and tasted nothing like lobster.  The veal chop (not sure) was totally dry and tasteless, like an overcooked pork chop.  The capellini with truffles and pancetta ($30) was the best main course, but I couldn't taste any truffle at all, so there was nothing too special about it.SERVICE: Started great, ended pretty badly.  From the minute you sit down, servers swarm you and start throwing free food at you.  Awesome.  But our actual waiter was snide and inattentive.  When my mother asked him to repeat some of the specials, he scoffed, "Really? Do I really have to do that again?"  He forgot to bring out one of our dishes, which would have been forgivable had we been able to find him to tell him.  Instead, after taking our order, he disappeared for the rest of the meal.  We ended up grabbing a bus boy to get us our spinach.  Glasses went unfilled, plates uncollected.  I've had better service at Olive Garden.
5	I visited Il Mulino while on a business trip and dined there with a colleague. It was the most romantic, most delicious, most indulgent dining experience I have ever had. I make sure I tell all of my friends to visit Il Mulino when they travel to Vegas.I ate at quite a few of the "best" restaurants in Vegas and this was by far my favorite. It's a sure thing for a fantastic meal!
4	get the veal parmesan, service is great.  Plenty has already been said
5	This is where my husband asked me to marry him 3 years ago. The food is great and the waiters are fun!We started with a few appetizers that were complimentary. I was amused by the big ass block of cheese they put on the table. The cheese and the other complimentary appetizers were really good. I don't remember what I had because I was really drunk at the end of the dinner but I remember I liked it very much. It was some kind of pasta with red sauce. When my husband popped the question, busted out the ring, and I said yes, a few  waiters (like 5 or 6) came out of the the kitchen and brought a big jar of limoncello. It was complimentary and all of them had a toast with us. That was so freakin cool! What's even more awesome is that every time a waiter passed by our table, they would have a shot of limoncello with us. It was surely a fun memorable night!
2	I really liked the Il Mulino in NY when I went 6 years ago so I thought that the one in Vegas would be comparable.  No, it's not.  The food here is basically a step above Il Fornaio but 2x as expensive.  I would probably have enjoyed my meal better if it had been more reasonably priced.They start you off with a lot of fresh bread, fried zucchini, and some fresh bruschetta.  The best part of the start is when they bring a giant wheel of parmesan to your table and shave you off a little chunk.  This was delicious!  I thought this was a promising beginning but then each successive course sort of made me a little bit more disappointed.  The creamy fresh burrata I had to start was good and the portion was really large, but there wasn't any original or particular distinctively about it.  My boyfriend started with the fresh pappardelle in a meat sauce - I had a bite and it tasted pretty good to me, but my bf suspected that it seemed like the pasta had been microwaved since the temperature was so high.For our entrees, I had the roasted whole branzino my bf had a lemony veal dish.  My fish was pretty good and very big, but I got tired of the same monotonous taste after awhile.  My boyfriend enjoyed his veal, but again, there wasn't anything special about it.Service was very very fast.  Each successive course appeared within two minutes of the last one.  We were done with our meal in about an hour.Our meal ended up over $250, which is similarly priced to a meal at, say, Babbo, but nowhere near as good or as memorable.  I would have been pleased with this meal if it had been about half the price, but as it stands, this place just isn't worth revisiting.
1	One star because it is a nice dark room in the traditional sense and it fairly well appointed.  Also, there's something behind those walls that understands restaurants, it's just too bad that it falls into the hands of those that have lost their passion for the people that patronize the place. And finally they Yelp won't allow Zero stars.Decent bar to grab a glass of Champagne and the hostess seemed nice when I said I wanted to have a drink there and hold the table for 15 minutes.  Needed the time to grope and fondle my date before we stuffed our faces just in case it left me incapable of getting my arms later.Very supportive of foreigners that come here to work and the attitude of professionalism they normally bring to the art of service.  But these "Captains" had to be kidding me.  "No meat" ok?  At least 15 times without so much of leaving me feel that he understood.  No bacon, no veal stock, chicken, do you understand? No? Yes? Yes but you didn't hear me and brought it anyway?  Which.The bill was only $400 for two so I'm not doing the high roller thing but I expect some decent treatment.  bring us the salad why we look at the menu.  No?  You can't?  The chef doesn't allow that?  What?  No?  Are you kidding?  The salad came.  Take the tired apps you sent out.  Yes they're free but they lack any assemblance of special. This was an aggravating dinner when I should have been able to just keep my hands under the table without worry.  Super Tuscan was good but I guess they wanted me to apologize I only dropped $175 when anyone worth their salt would have went for the other bad selections at triple the price.  I know wine. I know it costs, but this wine list is so out of touch.  Great, it's expensive with lots of overpriced stuff.  Once a list like this establishes itself as expensive they think they can go off the chart and get double what other expensive lists get.Romance the pouring of the wine.  "We will jam 10 ounces each of wine in your glass and we know you'll buy another. " Please you freaken idiot.  I ordered a bottle of water to quench and hydrate.  Caesar was OK.  Lamb dish the babe had was off the chart she said.  The pasta with seafood I had was so bland and so tasteless and so ugly, that I actually asked for lots of Cheese.  i figured I was drunk and I need to eat.  yes, I think we should all be tough on Il Mulino.  They charge big, live on a stellar reputation.  They are not Olive Garden.  But truthfully the babe digs Olive Garden more.  Easy uncomplicated, what you expect.  Just give me what i expect and don't make me work for it.No big deal.
3	Overpriced, average food and awkward service.Soon after you're seated the quick waitstaff set complimentary appetizers before you.  Nice touch, but the service is so fast, no words.  The appetizers were below average - salty bruschetta that was prepped too early because the bread was soggy.  The generous cheese was tasty though.$40 for seafood risotto that was salty, risotto was clumpy, and seafood was a bit rubbery.We ordered an Amarone we've had before - overpriced and warm (really???  Not even room temp.  Sad.)  Better $$ at Otto for the same wine.I'm giving it three stars because my husbands fish was better than the risotto.  Not great, but not bad.  Certainly not worth the $$$$.
5	Full disclosure:  We have never dined here during dinner.  We have only gone during lunch when the tables are WIDE OPEN.  We don't know why this is, but at dinner, the place is packed like anchovies in a tin, yet at lunch, you can hear echoes in the place.If you want great service and very attentive waitstaff, go at lunch.  It's the same menu.When you sit down, you immediately get salumi, cheese, and a few other items to get your juices flowing.Then you can order drinks, wine, or whatever.  (If you are like us, you order two drinks and munch on appetizers and more cheese before even thinking of a main course and wine).The bolognese here may be the best in the country.  Yes, it's that good.  And second full disclosure:  We've been to the NYC outpost (the original) of this restaurant, and this place is a perfect replica.  We return time and time again just for the bolognese.The chicken parmesan is ho hum, but that's about the only negative we can think of here.  Everything we've ever tried on the menu is prepared and executed and presented without flaw.Skip dessert but do let the waitstaff get you whatever limoncello is in the jug today.  It may very well be laced with crack - it's that good.
5	This place is very expensive but it is worth it!   When you are seated, complimentary appetizers are brought out... a chunk of parmesan chisled right from the wheel, breads, bruschetta (I didn't care for this, was a bit soggy), a mussel, and my favorite, some zucchini concoction.  They were very thinly sliced, and I think sauteed or fried, with some olive oil, and served cold.  YUM.There are little stoves set up at stations at various parts of the restaurant where they do some cooking, I guess finishing your dish because you can see and hear flames going up while you are there.  We started with the Caesar salad, which they made at one of the stations, it was great, one of the better Caesar's I have had.  (there was enough to split between two people)For dinner I got the porcini ravioli with champagne cream sauce.  Amazing!  Hubby got the langoustines (grilled I think), which is kind of like a small lobster or large prawn.  I was afraid to order this, because I am picky about seafood, sometimes it is too fishy tasting for me.  Wow, I was pleasantly surprised!  They were tender and sweet, and the mushroom and pea risotto that was served with it was wonderful!They make some of their own alcohol with fruit, I can't remember if it was brandy or not, and they also make their own grappa.  Unfortunately we had a show, so we were rushed and didn't have a chance to try it.  We will definitely be back on our next trip and make sure a show doesn't interfere with our dining experience!
5	Caveats: I was here for a private party and didn't pay.All the food that I had was really, really good but I have to hone in on the zucchini.  Probably one of the best things I've ever eaten (but you have to get past the oily-ness of it).  I'd go back for that dish alone.
5	Journey to a trendy Italian-style Manhattan Bistro while visiting Vegas!Beautiful decor and ambiance.  Never felt so pampered at a restaurant before!The service was attentive without being overbearing.  The waiters took care of us without ever interrupting conversations and only made themselves known when we needed them.   Before I even had a chance to put my purse down they set a GIANT hunk of cheese in front of me and started carving it out.  They also brought out salomi and delicious crusty bread.  All complimentary of course!  The appetizers and main courses were delicious and we finished every bite!  The cocktails were well portioned and you didn't feel like your martini wasn't stiff enough.  They even brought out an after dinner drink - Digest-if to round out meal. Not sure what the check looked like (it is Vegas afterall!) but I'm sure it was worth every penny!  Will definitely be back to this place!
3	Good food and service.  Food didn't wow but it's worth the visit, especially if you are shopping.  Plan to spend $130-$150 per couple.
2	Seriously overpriced poor Italian food.  I'm fully aware that Il Mulino is a lettuce entertain you restaurant, and typically their restaurants are reasonably priced showcasing pretty solid food.  My hubby ordered a veal dish that he was pretty satisfied with.  I love the massive block of parm they bring to the table. I ordered the lobster ravioli that I was told is made in house.  There is no way in hell these ravioli's were made in house.  And if I am wrong, they should be ashamed of the quality and the taste.  They were VERY fishy tasting and the pasta was mushy.  Never mind the fact that these ravioli's came with a $50.00 price tag, I wouldn't pay $10.00 for these. To top off this travesty, they give you house made grappa.  Nothing enjoyable about it.  Light some jet fuel on fire and drink that.  It's the same effect.
4	Go for lunch.Better service and drinks than dinner - period - no discussion.One of the best lunches in LV.Split all orders.Take advantage of 1/2 orders of pasta to taste interesting menu items.Canaloni great.Eggplant Rolantini w/shrimp/lobster - killer.Mushroom risotto - da bestAny desert - all outstandingAny house Grappa - always ask for this complimentary treat.House coffee - (wish I knew where to buy this coffee - seriously)Go back to hotel and take a nap.
4	WOW the best italian in VEGAS. I can fairly state that since I have lived here for 14 years and being from the east coast all I wanted to find was a good italian spot. Now this is on the pricey side, but the food is so worth every penny.They always bring out a little appetizer with sliced meats and fresh cheese which I love. They also always end your meal with a little lemoncello, which is a nice touch.I've ordered so many things from this place and have loved everyone of them! Eggplant Rolatini is to die for! I also had a papdelle pasta with a bolognaise that made my mouth water just looking at it. I've never been dissapointed with the food.Why only 4 stars? Okay eveytime I have dined here I have gotten the same waiter.... he lists off about 30 specials they... half of them are on the menu, so i don't know why he describes them. The are litterally described word for word on the menu. So after he tells you 30-40 specials you can't even remember the first thing he said. he also really needs a mint... his breath is killer... makes me gag everytime. The good part is he does his rant for about 15min and that is the last time you see him. The bussers and his backup server does the rest.
5	Loved everything about this restaurant.  The ambiance, food, and service were all excellent. Our wine and water glasses were never empty and the food, even things that I don't love like mushrooms were incredibly flavorful. The restaurant was packed but we were treated like we were the only diners there. We will be returning anytime we are in a city where they are located.
3	We were so excited to go to Il Mulino. My friends have been raving about it for years. Maybe our expectations were set too high, but it wasn't the best of times . . . it wasn't the worst of times. What we liked.  No attitude at the door was a real surprise! The hostess was genuine and warm and we were seated at our table promptly at arrival.The captain and waiters are all so gentlemanly in true Italian fashion. They never missed a beat! The antipasti and assorted breads were the best part of the meal. That hunk of parm was one of the highlights for me -- so creamy and fresh.  Please sir . . . I want some more!. The amuse bouche was a tasty bit of bruschetta and yummy oyster and that was followed by a small plate of salumi and some delectable zucchini. The breads were simply decadent, the garlic one in particular. I could have stopped here and would have been completely content.But no . . . My husband started with the calamari fritti.  He is a calamari afficionado and was highly disappointed. The calamari was a little rubbery and flavorless, and the sauce bland.  I had the special of eggplant rolotini which came stuffed with crab and shrimp and a little cheese on top. It was so-so. It could have been so much better had they stuffed it with some ricotta inside and had a tangier tomato sauce. For a main entree, my husband had the Veal Marsala which he claimed was good, but not great.While the service was elegant and attentive throughout the meal, they seemed to forget us when it came time to pay the bill . . . I thought that was rather odd in the US, but not so odd for the Italians who don't offer you a check until you ask for it.As I said, it wasn't a bad experience; it just wasn't as special as I hoped.
5	Only One Drawback!Dine here without hesitation - across-the-board - the food is excellent and well-portioned - the service detailed and attentive - and the atmosphere is charming and intimate.The only drawback is the pricey wine list. No matter what you choose - you're going to get gouged - and gouged hard. The mark-up here is extraordinarily high. Especially for the easy-to-find-anywhere simple Italian wines.So since you're going to get gouged - because you are going to dine here - at least make your choice of wine interesting.
5	Oh my goodness oh my dayuuuum. This place is delicious. There free appetizers are better than most places entrees. A must eat place when in vegas or new york. Lobster ravioli was amazing.
2	My husband and I were eager to try Il mulino, unfortunately it did not live up to our expectations. We were in italy last summer and were hopeful that this would be true italian cuisine, but instead we got americanized mediocre italian food. We sat down and were greated with garlic bread and Parmesan cheese that was broken off of a large block of cheese. They then brought fried zucchini and another type of bread basket. Everything was overly drenched in olive oil. We ordered 1 glass of wine each which was very flavorful. For our main course I ordered chicken Parmesan which looked more like a flat pizza smothered with an excess amount of cheese. It lacked flavor and texture and the chicken was pounded so flat that it had no taste. My husband had the veal Parmesan that looked identical to my mess on the plate. It looked more like 2 frisbee's on our plates then meat. The food quality picked up with dessert. I had the tiramisu which was delicious and my husband had peanut butter ice cream coated in a hard chocolate shell, it was fabulous. We also had  cappuccino which was very tasty. We have traveled all over the world and have had some wonderful meals, but this does not make the list. The price did not justify the quality. For 2 people the bill was over $300.00 with tax and tip. If you want an outstanding, unforgettable meal in Las Vegas go to Gordon Ramsey steakhouse at Paris hotel or Otto ( italian food just like venice italy) In the palazzo by the canal.
4	Appetizers that are served immediately (complimentary) were excellent, caesar salad had boxed croutons and not-so-fresh lettuce,  My husband got pounded veal chop (parm).  It was huge and quite good. He also got penne in a marina sauce which was excellent.  I ended up sharing his meal as mine was not that great.I got the flat pasta with bolognese sauce.  Complimentary cordial was tasteful and so was the wine.
5	The food and dining style at Il Mulino is the closest to authentic Italian style food and dining that I have had outside of Italy.  Each course is delicious and so well made.  I don't think that I had any problems with anything that I ordered or tried.  This will be a long meal and you will be beyond full afterwards, but it really is so worth it.  This restaurant is pricey, but I do believe that it is worth the price.  With that said, this is not a restaurant to go to for a quick bite before the show or going to the clubs; this is a nice place to sit, eat, and relax.  Take your time and enjoy it.
5	Easily the best italian food I've had outside of Italy. The service is outstanding. You have the captain (the dapper older gentleman whose name escapes me) who rattles off a few dozen mouth watering "specials", a waiter who is especially attentive and the best when it comes to dessert and the bus boys that make sure your water is filled to the top every time you take a sip. I've been to this restaurant a few times and each time I leave feeling satisfied and happy. They have a full bar and good italian wine selection. They bring to your table an assortment of "goodies" courtesy of the chef. You always get a chunk of delicious parmesan cheese and a basket of warm tasty soft and crispy bread. This time they added lightly fried zucchini and garlic bread. This is all before you've even seen the menu.We started with this shrimp and crabmeat rolled in eggplant and it was outstanding. I had tried it before and insisted we order it since the spouse wasn't with me last time. Amazing. Even if you're not an eggplant fan. The captain explained that since they cook the eggplant twice (first fried - then baked) it takes away the bitterness of the eggplant. The spouse got the ravioli special with mushrooms and truffle sauce. It was amazing. I tried the chicken with asparagus, mushrooms, artichoke (hold the peas) and it was heavenly. My all time favorite though is the pasta with braised short rib which wasn't a special this trip or on the menu. I guess I could have asked if they could have prepared it for me but I wanted to venture out and try something new.We got this orange thing for dessert. The waiter went and selected all this amazing looking fruit and assembled it right in front of us. Poured a healthy amount of liquor over the whole thing. Delicious.Overall, it's a must try if you are anywhere in Vegas. You'll be glad you did. Make a reservation as the place is relatively small and in high demand.
5	I love this place. I have been every time I have been to Vegas. Service is slow, but tasty, tasty, tasty food.
5	This place is ridiculously good!!!  very upscale, very romantic, and or classy.  The porcini-stuffed ravioli with black truffle-champagne is one of the best dishes very rich but worth it, they have a great wine list too.  Bring your AMEX this place isnt cheap...Heo Out..
1	Three words: Save. Your. Money.-or-Go. Somewhere. Else.I made my reservation for 8 weeks in advance. This was my bachelorette party "nice meal out" and I was so so so excited. I had studied the menu for weeks, had picked out the wine I wanted, had planned my outfit. Saying I was excited is honestly an understatement. Of all the things I was prepared to be, disappointed was not one of them.The service was seriously lacking. For the amount of money we were paying, the service was terrible. Our "captain" was terrible. He was far more concerned with the guys next to us buying wine to understand that we wanted to keep the cocktails flowing and get some desserts. The meal took 3.5 hours. If I thought the service was bad, I surely wasn't prepared for the food.Horribly over-priced poorly crafted food. The "free" items they give you are flavorless. I've had better buffalo mozzarella from the pizza place down the street.  As for entrees, there were a variety of options at the table including lobster ravioli, truffle cream ravioli, chicken dishes, and some other things I can't remember. None of them memorable, some barely palatable, all of them over priced. The best part was I had to go back to the hotel room after dinner because I got sick. Great time...in that not at all way.I would not reccomend this restaurant to anyone. There are far too many top quality restaurants in Vegas to waste your money here. I wish I had gone to Circo or Sinatra instead.
5	No need for a long review for this place. We have been here several times with friends over many years. When we want a special dinner in Las Vegas this is always our first choice.The service is impeccable and the food is the best. Check this place out when you have something to celebrate!
5	Lunch gave us impeccable service and life altering food.  Parm, bruschetta, salami and marinated zucchini upon seating just like dinner.  Life altering sound a bit exaggerated? Try the scampi francese with risotto and tell me your world didn't get a little happier.
5	With every visit to Vegas, there is a visit to Il Mulino.  This is my favorite Italian restaurant of all time.  Italian food is my favorite.  This is more than great food.  It is truly a dining experience.  Table 54 is my favorite spot in the dining room as you get a panoramic view of the entire restaurant.  There isn't even a need to order appetizers because they serve so many little appetizers, all included with your meal.  Amazing cheese, bread, etc.  Fantastic wine list and very knowledgable bartenders.  Everything I have had from here is amazing.  I always get a pasta dish with bolognese and it is consistently amazing.   I make it a point to try everything else that those I am with get.  Haven't ever been disappointed.  I wish there was and Il Mulino in L.A.!  Highly recommend Il Mulino @ the Forum Shops in Vegas.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because I liked the mascato... The staff was too uptight and the room is far too small. The food was mediocre and the waiter aka captain had as much sense of humor as the overcooked veal ... Save your money and go to the cheesecake factory :)
5	Much has been said, but I have a particular recommendation if you're inclined towards seafood. The Dover sole is not to be missed. You'll thank me later.
5	08/09/2013We were there for Dinner, we were seated right away, numerous delicious items were served right away. My wife had the Caprese, I had the Shrimp Oreganata, and it was so good I said wow and I never say Wow! Homemade pasta for my wife, a classic Osso Bucco for me!  Everything was perfect!  Exception job! We will be back!
5	Il Mulino Staple of NYC and My Hometown comesto Las Vegas in the new section of the forum shops on the North End of the Strip.  Everything is pretty much exactly like the originals with complimentary Cheese, Salami, spicy fried Zu chini, brushetta, various breas etc your suffed and you didn't start yet. 8 of us tonight so 3 bottles of wine are more than suffcient.Tons of specials available but the boys whent for Standard fare.Langostino speials were excellent - Meatball appetizer excellent - Linquini Carbonara SINFUL, Linguini Bolognese Killer, Entrees various but standouts were Veal Fiorentino,  Linquini Frutte de Mare, Osso Bucco with Rissoto Compliementary Lemoncello liquore served.Service well simply stated AS GOOD AS IT GETS...Pricey  Yea probably but all and all a fine dining experience from a name we have come to trust.
5	I scanned the reviews before our visit (of course). If you are like me you'll notice there are a lot of five star reviews for this eatery... and a smattering of somewhat scathing reviews.After experiencing Il Mulino for myself  - I  re scanned the reviews for my own edification - to better understand what the two-star-and-below crowd could have possibly been pissed about this place. After reading their complaints, I happened to notice the percentage of "bad" reviews in the mix roughly mirrors the average percentage of those among us in society who are, sadly, diagnosed as having a mental illness.  So if I were you, listen to the glass half full gang on this one. I could go on and on about why I believe this place deserves high acclaim. Service was impeccable...they held our table for us during prime time on a Saturday night cheerfully while we tracked down a drunken poker renegade in our party. Then it was game on - It was flight of the server bumblebees the whole meal. Never waiting, never lacking. Yet we weren't smothered. Il mulino, you are the perfect girlfriend. The ambiance was elegant and intimate without being pretentious. The food...well... You can't go wrong. From apps to the ridiculous tiramisu - made and served to you with a commitment to food excellence.We will be back.
5	Fine dining at its best perfect wine great hospitality mi casa su casa family style very personable thank you Dennis Grazie!!!!
5	You enter an elegant dining room and sit down. Immediately, you are asked which type of water you prefer as a different server comes by and places a hunk of Parmigianino Reggiano on your bread plate. As soon as he leaves, another server comes by with a plate of fried zucchini as another with a bread basket with garlic and other varieties of bread. This is the perfect accompaniment to the fresh tomato bruschetta and broiled mussel that is just placed on your plate. Then you get the menu. Enjoy!
1	Average food for super expensive prices.
5	Amazing SERVICE, FOOD and fair pricesFrom the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out, they have their act together.Pros: service, attentiveness, value, free appetizers, salads, chicken parm and shrimp diablo, I am a tough reviewer also.This places leaves me without a complaint which is difficult.  What is also interesting, certainly not cheap prices, but for the value, I have absolutely no problem paying for what we got.
5	I still think of this dinner often. This is the classic traditional Italian restaurant you always enjoy. With an old school classy look and great location this is a must visit for Italian food lovers.As always you'll get white linens, staff in tuxes, big portions, lots of cheese, and great great wine.
4	We were given plethora of complimentary foods, which was tasty, unexpected and a little too oily. The main courses were amazing, our "captain" was superb however the help in the white uniforms, specifically the nice lady was over bearing at wanting to remove before we were done eating. My suggestion is for management to ask them to slow down. Otherwise, don't change a thing.
5	Food and service were impeccable! Can't wait to come back for more. Special date night with my man--he ordered a pink sauce penne pasta with chicken and I ordered fettuccine alfredo. My dish was the best pasta I've had. The pasta and sauce were so fresh and not too heavy. A perfect dining experience!
1	The good part about Il Mulino Italian restaurant is its wonderful location and charming atmosphere! Food is ok, really nothing special! Why? Because it's greasy, oily, heavy handed on sauces and either bland or not sophisticated enough which is not a good place to be considering all the great choices out there when it comes to Italian dining. When seated, the complementary parmiggiano, salami and a few other antipasti is a nice gesture but it's a bit old world and unnecessary if all you expect is exceptional service and cuisine which this place clearly can't provide. Some staff members are better then others especially the ones that are not italian! The ones that are Italian are way to proud of themselves and their attitude is a bit strange and unprofessional! Why? Because    our waiter for some reason had the audacity to grab the payed bill and check it right in front of us as we were still finishing our meal! Pretty embarrassing moment for this restaurant! By the way, I am an American citizen and was born and raised in Italy so for me to criticize the Italian staff isn't easy but I will this time because their attitude and manners is just pathetic. The favorable reviews posted are the reason I wanted to try Il Mulino and now that I have I am a little weary and unsure as to where these reviews are coming from! So, not the worst place in the world with a little luck but I will definitely never step foot here again.
5	I've had Italian food at some of the finest restaurants in Italy while surrounded by local friends, but none were any better than Il Mulino in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  Manager Alisha Rosinek presides over her talented "second family" on a mission to create a cathedral for an evening of Italian gustatory pleasures.  She succeeds.Her head waiters are more like food museum docents as they fire your imagination for each act of the meal performance.  I don't see how the original Il Mulino in New York can compete with it's new branch now that Alisha has been given free reign of  the brand in the desert.  Watching skilled people do what they love to do, create an extraordinary dining experience for you, can't get old.    As soon as you are seated and handed a napkin, a gigantic wheel of hard Parmesan appears at table side and a mouthwatering chuck is placed on your appetizer plate.  From then on, one of many skilled hands is attending to your needs every minute.Dennis explains that this aroma and taste helps prepare your palate for the flavors to come.  That particular Parmesan is what is used in the kitchen for most entrees.  It quickly become clear that this is a head waiter that loves his food museum.After that he describe the wines that he negotiated for while he was in Italy directly with wineries--the ones that were NOT being shipped to the US and why he wanted them.  Dennis then explains, from the cooks perspective, how each special of the day is prepared and helps you decide by asking questions.Pavlov discovered the direct link between the salivary glands and anticipation of food.  Wasn't he really Italian?  Il Mulino rings that bell deliciously.  The appearance of the actual food and wine exceeds your imagination.  These are meals for the senses and those who appreciate the details which created them.  This is a complete evening so don't plan on rushing off to a show.  Il Mulino is the show!
5	We came here based on a suggestion from friends who come here quite a bit. She's one of those Italian-Americans and claims that this has some of the best Italian food you can find (probably outside of NY). So we decided to come by and give it a go.Unfortunately, we were still a bit worse for wear from the day before, so dinner had to be a bit lighter than we probably would have done otherwise. We were amazed at the number of free nibbles they hand out: three types of bread, a hunk of aged parmesan, bruschetta, a mussel and fried zucchini. They were all really well done, but it does fill you up a bit at the beginning. They also don't do corkage, so the bottle of wine we brought from Santa Cruz had to be held on to to have when we got back to the hotel.To start, I had the fresh buffalo mozzarella with red and yellow tomatoes and the other half ordered the langoustine starter. For mains, we both ordered a porcini and truffle ravioli that was on special. The starters were great. The cheese was really fresh (I assume it's made in house) and the tomatoes and asparagus it was served with just went great. The langoustines were perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth. The mains were also really tasty, but the other half couldn't finish his. We skipped dessert as we were both really full, and nothing really jumped out at us (they have very traditional Italian desserts).All in all the food was great and the service was outstanding. The ravioli ended up being incredibly expensive, so if I could do 4.5 stars I would. Although it's not more than we've paid for meals at other places and the delicious pre-starters really made up for it. They also have a decent wine list and decant the wines into pitchers which made for interesting conversation. It's a pretty solid place for a great Italian meal in Vegas (although it definitely seemed more like Italian food I've had in the US than Italian food in Italy).
5	Has to be one of the best, if not THE BEST Italian in Las Vegas!  Highly recommend it!
5	Best restaurant in Vegas. Been here twice and everything we ordered was amazing. I will be going here everytime I'm in Vegas.
2	Why I hated this restaurant.  I' m allowed one rant a year and this will be mine.  This is the most uppity, insincere restaurant experience you're likely to have.  Yes the atmosphere is over the top faux Italian and the waiters all wear expensive looking tuxedos but leave the attitude at your next failed acting audition.  Our set of waiters were so arrogant, smug and lacking in warmth.  An Italian night out should be about warmth, appreciation of the customer and genuine food.Our main waiter made us feel cheap or lacking in taste every time a person didn't want an appetizer or wanted to split a dessert or was going to pass on that $40 glass of grappa.  Here's an excellent example.  I asked for the second cheapest bottle of wine on the menu--Chianti Classico for $80 a bottle.  Yeah it offends me that I can buy the same bottle for $12.  The waiter said, "You'll really prefer the Riserva."  "oh, how much is that?"  "It's $300".   Well, thanks for the offer of letting me pay $300 for a $25/bottle of wine but I'll just plug my nose and drink that over-priced $80 bottle of banal Chianti.Ok, the food is good--no question about it--but not outstanding.  I thought the cotoletta milanese was good and my wife enjoyed her simple papparadelle a pomodoro.  They made a grand production of the Limoncello and that was both fun and tasty.  Here's my humble conclusion.  Unless you are prepared to spend $200/person, expect to be treated like you're Jed Clampett on the Beverly Hills Hillbillies--coming from a waiter who probably earns 20% of what you do.  It simply wasn't a fun, edifying evening out.  Che peccato that we didn't go back to Parma which I gave 5 stars.3 adults and 3 kids, one bottle of cheap wine, 2 appetizers, no dessert, 3 glasses of limoncello = $640
4	Went after Celine Dion show.  Waited by the bar for a few and then seated.  Captain Dennis was well rehearsed and knew his 25 specials by heart.  The complimentary appetizer bites were delish and garlic bread was yummy.  Loved the parmesan. If I aim to please a client or impress some good friends this is my pick.  Be prepared to spend some $$$$.
5	ur group was in the mood for Italian. Checked the reviews and thought we'd give it a try. One of the best food decisions of the trip! Dined early. Service was attentive but not hovering - excellent balance. Great suggestions from captain and waiters. Complementary appetizers were excellent. Resist the temptation to fill up on these! Meals went through final stage of preparation near table, fun to watch. No feeling of being rushed although the room was jumping. Wish we had time for dessert, but had to head to a show. Can't wait to go back!
5	Ask for JJ (Bartender)  tell him Brandon from PURE sent you!
5	Everything about Il Mulino is special.  From the complimentary appetizers to the waiters to the delectable French martini to unbelievably good entrees, everything says that this is the place for special occasions.  Other restaurants should take note of how impeccable the wait staff is and how from year to year, this restaurant stays true to be reliable.
5	Heard about this place from friends. What a great recommendation! I had the Vitello alla zingara...veal dish. I came solo so I sat at the bar for dinner. The bar tender, Peter was awesome! I will come back for sure!
2	I have been to Il Mulino a dozen times or more over the years and haven't been in about a year until a week ago or so an I was really disappointed.  The 5 star service I was used to was still great, but not as good as the past.  The free appetizers were still really good, but everything else just wasn't as good.  I don't know if they got a new chef or just are buying not as good of ingredients, but especially for the price I would not be going back to Il Mulino.
1	Honestly one of the worst fine dining experiences I have had in a decade - we came in on a Tuesday night, after a show, they were not busy, the service was awful.  the pre meal extras are nice and taste great.  It seemed like the waiter didn't realize we wanted to order food, when he finally came up to greet us and go over specials it honestly seemed as if he was high or drunk.  When he tried to repeat our order to us it was like he was reading someone else's order and he had literally just written it down.  To top that off he completely forgot all 4 of our appetizers and 3 of our 4 side dishes - when the captain finally came over to ask how things were and we explained he was obviously embarrassed and then the waiter seemed as if he was forced to come over and apologize like a small child begging for forgiveness.  That would've been fine but then we never saw the guy again, nobody came to offer desserts or coffee (and we had even explained that the 5 of us were their for a birthday dinner) - nothing  was comp'd as an apology, not even a visit from the manager to say anything.  With all of the competition for fine dining in Vegas we honestly would've expected much more, especially considering the prices.  Chicken parm was so salty it was like someone had dumped extra salt all over it, was totally not edible but we never even had the opportunity to send it back because we couldn't find our waiter again - oh well, at least we won big in the casino that night
5	Probably one of the best Italian meals I've had in my life.  As the other reviews have said they mob your table when you get there with terrific Parmesan cheese, amazing zucchini, really good bread and bruschetta and mussels.  Overall a great way to start a meal!  The specials are a five minute speech and all sound amazing. My friend ordered shrimp scampi and I ordered veal marsala with a side of fettuccine.  Both were different than other restaurants the marsala was richer but not as sweet and the scampi was less garlic flavored and had more depth.  Both were outstanding!  It is pricey and you do have to order pasta on the side for most dishes unless you order a pasta dish so it can get to be a lot but it's Vegas.  We paid 120 for food/tip (no alcohol ordered) so you can make your own judgement on price.  Overall great food, great service, wonderful end to a great trip!
4	Amazing food. Service was good overall but a little on the snooty side (too stiff and robotic). Very expensive food and alcohol!! Then they expect a tip for the "captain" on the bill in addition to the gratuity for your server... All the captain did was come over and tell us the specials.
4	Service is great, food is very good, they keep bringing appetizers so keep that in mind when you go to order on trays . Very good wine list. I liked this place a lot. Great menu, great service, the service is almost too good. Because of the appetizers they keep bringing: cheese, bread, salami, toast, by the time we got the appetizers we ordered we were getting full. And by the time our entries came we were stuffed.
3	This place is kind of hidden on the top floor of the mall, I had a hard time finding it.  I would not recommend their pasta it's a little dry. Salami bread is good.  I personally would not go back again but I think my friends enjoyed it.
5	Excellent food and service.  The salt crusted branzina was absolutely amazing.  Big enough for two to share and they filet it right in front of you.   Service was super fast and service staff was very friendly. Real team effort provided great service.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Service is great, food is very good, they keep bringing appetizers so keep that in mind when you go to order on trays . Very good wine list., very nice experience did not feel rushed at all very good service
5	I absolutely love this restaurant! Fantastic service, ambiance and food! The complimentary openers are delicious - the zucchini is like no where else! My favorite food items are the fettuccini alfredo  and the clams casino. My only complaint is that after we ate the freebies and each had a pasta appetizer we were so full we wanted to share an entree and I thought they turned their nose up a bit about that. But we did it anyway.
5	We booked this restaurant for our anniversary celebration in Vegas based on the reviews here. And seriously. It didn't disappoint. In fact, it surpassed all of our expectations. First, the ambiance is perfect for a romanic dinner. The decor has a sort of old world feel that makes it seem like you've been transported to Italy. The lighting is dim, not too dark where you can't see your food or your date, but just enough to set the mood. As soon as you sit down, you are greeted with food. A big hunk of cheese, salami and some fried zucchini. I didn't tell my husband about this part ahead of time and he was super excited. Next came the bread and a taste of the most delicious bruschetta we'd ever had. I wanted to eat it all but I didn't want to fill up before even ordering my main. We both settled on pasta with vodka sauce. My husband got the lobster ravioli and it was filled with huge chunks of lobster. It was so delicious. I got the gnocchi and had a religious experience while eating it. They were perfectly delicious little pillows of yumminess (yes, that is a technical term). I didn't think we'd have any room for dessert, but I couldn't turn down a cannoli.  I love cannoli. While we were eating our dessert, the waiter came by and gave us a sample of grappa. Not for the faint of heart, grappa was described as Italian moonshine. And that's the best way to describe it. They say it helps with digestion so I gave it a try. While I can't speak to that, it certainly helped end dinner with a bang.The service was also impeccable from start to finish. I highly recommend Il Mulino if you are in Vegas for a special occassion and don't feel like fancy French food or a giant steak.
5	This place is out of this world. Worth every penny. Loved the complimentary cheese, zucchini, bruschetta and mussels. I was blown away by it. Ordered the Sole and it melted in my mouth. Perfect combination of lemon and other seasonings. The desserts are to die for so make sure you save room. Great place for a celebratory dinner or romantic evening.
1	For the prices, you would think the menu wouldn't be printed with such an amateur and hideous font. Your typical "white people on vacation spending way too much cash on microwaved Applebee's style Italian" place. Enjoy?
1	What a disappointment! The starters of thinly-sliced zucchini and the garlic toast were soaked in oil. The breaded veal was quite nice, but the salad accompaniment had too much vinegar. The pasta was supposed to have a wine sauce, but it was a soup with wine. Il Mulino doesn't compare to Scarpetta, which is fantastic.
5	Complimentary Hard Cheese, (Grana Padano)Bruschetta, assorted bread & more all before even seeing menu! Service is impeccable, very attentive! Bacon wrapped scallops are out of this world! Crab stuffed eggplant was very good! The Lamb is fall off the bone tender & delicious!! Can't say enough about the EXCELLENT Service!
2	We dined a Il Mulino last week.  It was so disappointing.  We have been there  before and they always serve the same appetizers gratis.  But this time, the garlic toast was so soggy and oily. They must have made them way ahead of time to be that bad.  The zucchini was also soggy and oily. Yuk.  We ordered the eggplant rollatini stuffed with seafood.  You had to hunt for the seafood and it was terribly heavily sauced.  We then ordered the ravioli with truffles.  No truffles to be seen, just a heavy cream truffle "tasting sauce"  We think they just used truffle oil.  That dish was $50.  A ripoff.Then we ordered the rack of lamb.  It was very tough and the mustardy gravy did not help, as it was also dumped onto the very uninteresting potatoes.  Our waiter, however, was so very nice and accomodating. Not his fault.  The captain sent us a dessert to make up for the bad food.  The dessert was delicious and the best thing we ate.  We will not go back as it was a very expensive dinner for not so good food.
5	I visit Las Vegas twice a year on business and on the Tuesday night of my trip my work group enjoys an amazing dinner at this fantastic restaurant. We all look forward to this night to have the plentiful and immediate house appetizers, my favorite are the little olive oil soaked breads!  The porcini mushroom ravioli is to die for!! The service is always amazing as well making it a 5 star dinner every time. I love in Florida and can't wait to soon visit il mulino in Miami.
3	We celebrated my husband's birthday with dinner at Il Mulino. On their web site, Il Mulino boasts of world-class elegance but as far as ambience goes, I don't really see it standing out among other fine dining places on the Strip. We did enjoy the giant wheel of parmesan cheese being passed around from table to table and the staff being able to recite a long list of specials from memory. They had complimentary bread and a side of zucchini, which were both way too oily. For our appetizer, escargots on mushrooms in a spicy tomato sauce. The escargots were tender although some had grit in them and doesn't make for a pleasant bite. The tomato sauce didn't do anything for me either. I had the roasted duck special with sweet potato mash and mixed berry sauce. The sweet flavors complemented the savory duck. The meat was moist but a bit on the chewy side. My husband had the bucatini and ordered a couple of glasses of Chianti Classico which they poured for us. I did notice that the wine bottle did not have the signature Chianti Classico black rooster seal. Not sure what to make of that. Anyway, the wine was OK so we didn't fuss. The bucatini was al dente and delicious. I have yet to meet bucatini that I didn't like. For dessert, we split the cheesecake. It seemed like a cross between cheesecake and pudding in flavor. It was surprisingly yummy. At the end of the meal, they offered us some grappa, which I would describe as Italian moonshine.
5	I am writing a review trying to reach out to the manager to ask what kind of moscato you guys serve. I was in there a few weeks ago with my friends and we ordered a 75.00 dollar bottle of moscato and the server had told us it is the only one you have. I am curious to know the name. Best moscato I've ever had!
5	This review is a bit overdue. An associate of mine recommended we check out Il Mulino after a disappointing dining experience at L'Atelier Robuchon. We were told that the service would blow our minds and Il Mulino did not disappoint. The captains and all the servers were checking up on us constantly and all the recommendations were great.We had a party of 8 and we almost got full off the house appetizers. We made it party style and ordered the branzino, pounded veal chop, mushrooms, shrimp with risotto, and the sea scallops. Our captain advised us that the portions were large and that we should start with these 4 dishes (we actually did get full off the 4 dishes!) The wine recommendation paired well with the food. As testament to their service, 3 servers took each dish and split them for us in our room.If you're looking for great food and great service, check out Il Mulino!
3	Food was average nothing to write home about. With the complementary bread, a very spicy eggplant was served and it completely ruined palate for anything after that.
5	I have been to the one in NYC and this did not disappoint.  Great service, great food and great decor....best meal we had in vegas.We started with the parpadelle with ragu  and the clams casino (although they don't call them that on the menu).  The pasta was awesome but the clams were a bit small and had too much breading on them.  For the main course I had the Veal Milanese which is my go-to-meal provided it is on the bone and not cutlets.  It was one of the best I have ever had.  Huge portion, perfectly breaded and fried.  I ate 2/3rds and then my wife had some.My wife had the Salted Branzino which was moist and excellent.  She said it was one of the best fish dishes she ever had.We ordered a beautiful bottle of Italian white wine but it was advertised as an 2008 and they brought out a 2010.  It was still excellent, but I am always surprised at how many restaurants advertise one vintage and then bring out another.  In this case it really didn't make much different, but it just goes to show that you should always read the label.Given the portion sizes along with the free apps (cheese, fried zucchini, etc.) you have to pace yourself or you can easily get filled up before your main course arrives.Yes, it was expensive, but meals like this are always pricey, but, hopefully, worth it.  It was a great experience and you will not be disappointed.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas.  A true dining experience with excellent food  and the dining team are truly amazing. I have been there 8 times and never disappointed!!  They make you feel very special.  Don't miss this when in Vegas!  I have been to the one in Puerto Rico as well and consistent experience.  Five stars!
4	Truly fine dining, but I'm going to tell you a big tip.Il Mulino is really like walking into a New York traditional fine dining restaurant. With waiters dressed in full tux' s and bus boys in white jackets. You can dress casual or dress up its still Vegas.The Food. When you first sit down the food starts coming... Fried zucchini, Reggiano Parm, breads,and  bruchetta before you even see a menu, all gratis.The waiter who introduces himself as the Captain rattles off a number of specials perfectly. Here's your big tip about this restaurant. Order just one thing and split all your selections between 2 people. Besides being pricy the portions are huge. The food is excellently prepare and presently elegantly. Service is very attentive. Their signature dish not on the menu is; mushroom stuffed Ravioli with a black truffle champagne cream sauce.They don't tell you but its $50. More expensive I think then any of the printed menu items. Ask for prices on specials. We also ordered the pappardelle with Bolognese sauce (enough for 3 people) which was very good. Oh yes we had their Caesar salad excellent. The food the service very very good. At the end of your dinner they give you a shot of Grappa.... gratis again.It all felt a little 1950's and 2014 all rapped into one, but don't get me wrong I would go back in a heartbeat knowing the tips I gave you. Its high end fine Italian cuisine prepared like u were in Italy but huge portions. One other point I was not familiar with.... When we got our check there was a tip section, and a Captain tip section.I just left the customary 20%.
4	I've been to Il Mulino in NYC many times and have never been disappointed.  I've eaten at this Il Mulino in Vegas a few times and always had a flawless experience until the other night.  Don't get me wrong, the food is always prepared and served as ordered and it's absolutely the highest quality.  My only issue was a rude comment the waiter made when one of my guests asked for another piece of parmesan cheese, which is basically a "no-charge" appetizer. A few minutes earlier, I had asked for another piece and the waiter cut two smaller pieces and put it on my plate.  When my guest asked for another piece, the waiter said "I just gave him two".  It was said rather rudely, not taking into account that it was also on my plate that was used for other appetizers as well.  That being said, the captain and the meal were on point but I don't think the experience was flawless.  Maybe they should have offered a paid option, which we wouldn't have minded.
4	Great food by all standards!!!Obnoxious young "sommelier" type trying to upsell.$72 charge for water??? Crazy, no one tells you that....They removed the charge for us (party of 10--probably hoping no one would notice or even look at bill).  keep an eye out for that.  Kind of snotty response when we questioned them as well.  Service otherwise really good.
5	Best restaurant meal I've had all year.  A very special place.  The second you sit down, they bring you fresh cut Parmesan cheese, crazy delicious grilled very thin focaccia bread, garlic bread, bruschetta, and grilled zuccini.  All were amazing.  We had the pre-theater special, a great deal.  It included three courses (we had Caesar salads, grilled salmon + pappardelle and the dessert plate -- all extraordinary) and grappa at the end.  The service was impeccable in every possible way.  We decided that we would go back to Las Vegas JUST FOR THS RESTAURANT.  It's that good.
2	I had such high hopes for this restaurant ... we were there last Friday night (11/14/14) for my husbands 70th birthday (a very young 70 I must say!) we made an early reservation as we were going to a show at Caesar's immediately after dinner . It started really well, good service, a very nice Captain, the appetizers were great, my husband loves pasta and I asked the Captain for his recommendation ... he told me, and I quote, "the chicken parmesan is the best I've ever had" ... being a fairly good cook myself and that being one of my specialties .. I took his recommendation. My husbands dish (spaghetti & meat balls) was good, not wonderful, our salads were ok, wine was ok, but my dish was just AWFUL, I could not eat it, it was tough, overcooked and drowning in too much cheese. I nibbled around the edges but could not eat it, literally.  I sat for the longest time, waiting for the waiter to come, he never did .. when he did finally come by to pick up our plates, I told him it was not good and I could not eat it. Expecting at the very least to have him offer to bring me something else or remove it from our bill ... BUT, nothing. I was stunned. They brought my husband a desert sampler and even sang "Happy Birthday" in Italian, which was thoughtful, but sorry, I was ready to cry ... As I said, I had such high hopes ... I don't understand why the Captain was so dishonest, it's as if the cook screwed up and someone said, "push the chicken parmesan"  .. if it had not been for this truly awful dish the dinner would have beenfairly successful.
5	One of the most enjoyable dining experiences we've had in years.It was a wonderful evening from beginning to end for the three of us.  Superb, fabulous, and attentive service.  Our dinners were decedent and as good as a Michelin rated restaurant.  We continue to relive and comment on the evening and dinner.Well worth the trek from the Encore.Dave H.Orange, CA.
1	We visited a few years ago and were unimpressed.  We decided to give it a try again this year and were again disappointed.  Everything from a rude hostess to bad service topped with food that was mediocre at best.  The fried zucchini was doused with oil, the bruscetta was soggy, the sides were overpowered with what tasted like pre-jarred garlic. We were a group of 12 and not one of us was satisfied. Once the dinner was over, we waited at least 20 minutes for dessert to arrive with all incorrect coffee orders.  Certainly not what we expected on Christmas Eve.
5	The best Italian restaurant in NY is the Best Italian Restaurant in Las Vegas!! Incredible experience!! The food just keeps on coming!!
3	The meal was delicious and expertly crafted. The atmosphere romantic. Quite a bit of complimentary food at the start. Bill was excessive. Way over priced. We were quoted $36 for a pasta and charged $38. 3 glasses of wine @$18 does $48. Service charge $37 and tax $20. Surely the service charge us tips?? They expected tips as well. We're Aussies and felt ripped off. It didn't help that the bar waiter was rude to our adult kids.
2	This place is too stuffy and formal for Vegas.I went here to dine with a few close friends last time I was in Vegas and we just felt uncomfortable the entire time.  My friend decided to wear a polo shirt and shorts which apparently is a huge No-No; the hostess gave us a stern warning and told us that normally we would not be allowed to enter - but she made an exception this time.  She should've added that along with the one-time exception, the wait staff would up their game accordingly, to make the dining experience that much more uncomfortable. We were seated, at which point we met the most bizarre waiter I have ever encountered.  He had the personality of a finely polished ball of Italian marble and seemed entirely unable to relate to any type of human experience.  His main goals in life seemed to be to bask in the glory of a 200 lb wheel of Parmesan cheese that he brought to our table; and get us out of the restaurant as soon as possible.Our waiter asked for our drink order immediately and either did not understand the concept of a drink menu and/or was extremely put out by having to bring it to us before we decided on drinks.  Based on his.. personality? I think it was more the former.  I'll add one quick thought on the food:  Good but not worth the prices they were charging - especially with this incredibly bizarre service and stuffy environment.  Also, I guess my veal marsala was "too refined" for a side of noodles or any other type of side dish accompaniment.  I should add that Il Mulino also has "captains" which apparently are some type of waiter team leader.  Captains also fully expect a tip - as seen by a tip line for both our waiter and the captain.  Good luck on how to tip in his fashion as we had no idea.I would only recommend this place to amateur social scientists on the off chance that you might get our waiter.  Watching him interact with humans -  as if it was the first time ever for him - was a truly unique experience.
