5	Grand Opening Today!!Rock N Roll on the STRIP @HardRockCafeLV.Great Atmosphere,Great Service,Great Bar Food and lots of cool stuff to see and play with.3 levels of FUNLEVEL 1-The Rock Shop--Memorabilia For Sale & moreLEVEL 2-Cafe with tons of TVs & seat side jukebox control & more PLUS a  Bar & lots of memorabiliaLEVEL 3- Bar,Cafe & Stage with a lounge and Outdoor Seating.coming soonLUNCHI had the house salad & HRC BBQ Trio with Chicken,Ribs and Pulled Pork with coleslaw and beans.BE SURE TO TRY their PIG sauce HOT  vinegar based bbq sauce it  is WOW!!Service was Fantastic-they are well trained,well stafeed and very knowledgable & informative.Be sure to check out all the gadgets with the Windows Surface tabletops and giant screen on LEVEL 2.EXTRA: VIDEO of Windows Surface Tables at HRC http://bit.ly/2nqMYUoh yeah btw....1st to Review!!!!
5	Forget what you know about the Hard Rock Cafe in (insert city here). Go to the new one on the strip and prepare to have your music loving mind blown!I stopped by just a couple of days after what was the "soft opening".  My server says a big grand opening event will happen in October and Chris Cornell will perform.  More on that later.This has to be the biggest and most detailed Hard Rock anywhere.  According to the staff it's been in the works for four years and it shows.  It's prime location on the strip is just the start.  Once you walk in you'll get a number that directs you to the second or third level dining areas.  I got level 3 which features a huge split level dining hall, full size bar and a small intimate stage for live acts at the back of the room. (see Chris Cornell above). The number of mouths this place can feed at a time is huge at more than 800 seats.  Just imagine the kitchen on a busy night!The food is the same menu at any Hard Rock.  I got a bacon cheeseburger which was a lot better than expected, especially the bacon.  Pricing at 13 bucks is a little high but you are on the strip and at the best HRC ever built.  It would be nice if the drink menu included pricing.  It was relatively slow when I was there.  And since all the staff is new they are eager to please and clearly instructed to go for the upsell.After the meal you can just roam around and that's where it gets really fun.  The path to the third floor restroom is lined with infamous and at times chilling news headlines of the deaths of Lennon, Elvis and both Kennedys.  On a lighter note, a special room is dedicated to wedding memorabilia.  Elvis and Priscilla, John and Yoko, Ike and Tina and my heart skipped a beat when I came across a signed acoustic from Kurt Cobain at the Kurt and Courtney section.  Another awesome moment was a drum set from White Zombie mounted on the wall as you go down the stairs.Another thing that makes this place unique is all the interactive technology.  Lots of Microsoft Surface tables and a huge touchscreen wall where you can check out everything that's on site.If this doesn't become the flagship HRC soon I will be shocked.  Anyone who loves music (anyone with a pulse) needs to grab a meal or drink here.
4	I'm not particularly a crazy HRC person, but this place was fun & quite spectacularly thought out. The touch screen displays, the MSFT Surfaces, etc were all a nice touch. The place was huge. The food is like any other Hard Rock, although I'll admit the servers were just on the ball here. Pricing is like any other Strip chain, but I can imagine this place rocking out on a night with live music.
4	A great Hard Rock to go to! Same fun merchandise that the chain has to offer.
1	I'd never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before. I was GREATLY disappointed. The merchandise in their "museum" was kinda cool but nothing to get too excited about.The service was AWFUL. Just awful. We were seated in the middle of the room and while it was somewhat busy, we seemed to be sitting at the Invisible Table. It took forever to get menus or water. We sat and watched as all the other tables that were seated after us got service. Annoying. But we weren't angry yet.A waitress from another table came by and asked if our waitress had helped us yet. We said no and she was nice enough to get things started (menus, water). Again it took forever to put our order in. They screwed it up--we asked for mayo and they never brought it. After waiting, I flagged down a bus boy and asked him.The entire process took over an hour and a half. I finally flagged some random waiter down and asked for our bill. While the food was pretty good, the service was so atrocious, I'd never return. It was a bad experience for my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe. LAME!
4	When I passed by the Hard Rock Cafe on the strip in Vegas, I had to laugh. This place brings me back to the days in high school when it was so cool to be seen wearing a HRC t-shirt.  Of course, growing up in WNY, Orlando is the most popular place that families seem to vacation, .... so it seemed that almost everyone owned an Orlando HRC T-shirt. And boxer shorts. We were so cool.But not my BFF. She scored a Las Vegas one, and I was secretly jealous.Fifteen plus years later, and I had to have lunch here for memory's sake. The restaurant is rather large, and was pretty crowded for a late Saturday afternoon. A friend and I scored bar seats, and within a minute or two had the bartenders attention. The holiday drink menu looked intriguing, but when I asked his recommendation, he said he wasn't too impressed and could make me a fantastic raspberry martini, after a few questions as to what type of drinks I enjoyed. It was delish.Our entrees (pulled pork and chix mac & cheese) were delivered rather quickly. Sizeable, yet manageable portions, and very tasty.Overall a very positive experience. Enjoyed chatting with our bartender about the local MTB scene, and will have to return for another matini. Will probably not be purchasing any more T-shirts though. The coolness factor has worn off.
5	I've never been a huge fan of Hard Rock Cafes, and kind of despise the idea of going from Cafe to Cafe to collect T-shirts that advertise for their business, but this place literally rocks!  First, upon stepping inside, there are about six screens which show Hard Rock Cafes in different cities of the world, live, allowing us to really watch what is happening in each of these venues, thousands of miles away.  I spent a few moments to watch diners in Beijing!  We went for drinks and for lunch, and while we were making our way to the bar/restaurant on the second floor, we spent time admiring outfitsworn by different pop icons which were diplayed in glass cases throughout. We also amused ourselves with the various interactive screens with music videos and interviews.  Once we sat down, we ordered tequila shots and some drinks.  They had the tequila we wanted and I had a really great mojito.  The food is the typical fare of Hard Rock Cafe...bar food, and some salads....I did, however, really enjoy my chicken salad.  Our server was super friendly and told us that they have live music on the third level every night and a DJ one night.  He then brought passes to get in without paying cover.  After that, we scored some rodeo gear from the Coors Girls, as the rodeo was passing though town and a cowboy was signing autographs. After lunch, we went to the balcony to check out the view, which overlooks the strip, across from the Monte Carlo.  Then, we went upstairs to check out the music club, though it was not open yet, as it was lunchtime.  The third level has an impressive circular bar and a full stage that reminds me of the House of Blues.  I cannot wait to go back and check out a show one night.
4	Some local friends took us to the upstairs room for live music.  We didn't eat here, so I can't comment on the food.The upstairs is very nice. There are huge windows near the bar, overlooking all the chaos outside.  The bar area is quite nice, although, in true bar fashion, the drinks are too expensive.  It was fairly dead in there (being a Sunday night) and the bartender was pretty cool. I had ordered a Vodka Cranberry, and it was waaay too expensive, but poured with Smirnoff.  Being a bit of a vodka snob, I asked the bartender how much is the different to pour Ketel One or Chopin.  It was $1.50; cool. Next drink I ordered, I'd get it that way.So I turn to talk to my friends, and a few minutes later, the bartender brings me a new vodka cranberry, with Chopin to replace my original drink and wasn't charging me for the difference.  What a nice guy!  Later in the night he also gave one of the girls in our party a round of shots for us. They were terrible! But they were free =)The area to watch the band/dance is spacious with a good amount of tables.  The band itself, Sin City Sinners, was good, as always. I have seen them a few times and they're full of energy and awesome hard rock!As we stumbled down the stairs at the end of the night (be careful!), we stopped at a couple tabletop arcade style games and played for a while.  That was fun too!
4	Place was way fun, was with a big group of people and we had more fun here then we did having bottle service at XS. Hard Rock had a pretty legit cover band playing classic rock and roll and we were all piss drunk having a ball. I definitely recommend if your cougar hunting or looking to go out and have a good time with minimal drama!
4	I love all the food here. The burgers, chicken sandwiches and the nachos. I've been to this location many times. Order the nachos with steak, salsa, guacamole and sour cream. Any burger or sandwich. I love all the guitars, clothes around the restaurant from all the rock stars I admire. Pretty loud establishment. The staff also put on a show for the guests. What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
4	I attended a hosted Las Vegas Meetings and Events Winter party here on the third level here last night. I was very impressed from the moment I walked in with how friendly the greeters/hostesses were to the servers and bartenders. On the strip sometimes it's hit or miss with encountering service people who actually act like they love their job. If you had the privilege of seeing the previous Hard Rock Cafe this one just blows the old one out of the water! Very spacious and spread out, on the third level which is where I spent my evening is a nice sized stage and dancing area, with tables around the outside rim if you wanted to sit and listen to the music. Upstairs (and on the 2nd level) they also have an outside patio overlooking the strip. Inside is typical bar and dinner seating, as well as a section of secluded lounge chairs. (They have these little loungey areas on the second level too.) The tables around the couches act as a touch computer screen where you can play videos and flip through photos all with the touch of your finger!Since the event was hosted, I can't comment on cost or really the food, as they just had passed h'ordeuvres. Everything was fried, which is OK, but I know they were trying to feed the masses and those items were probably the cheapest. I tried the coconut shrimp, pot stickers and egg rolls, not much to say, they didn't have any flare or kick to them that would make them stand out from any other bar, but having eaten at Hard Rock's across the country I know they always do a solid American Cuisine- Love the there veggie burger! This would be a fun place to get a group together for a dinner party or birthday. Would definitely go back.
5	This place is just... wow.  In a good way.We walked upstairs, got seated right away at a table by the window.  Our waitress was awesome and friendly as hell.  Our drinks and food were the bomb diggity and the service was great.  Went downstairs to do some shopping after our lunch and were pleasantly surprised at the prices of the clothes.  I'll definitely be back!
4	So before heading home to L.A. from Las Vegas, we decided to have some lunch here.Seating was quick and easy, our waitress was okay, but not sure if the whole place was ready to go, and i heard they opened a few weeks before, not sure if it was true or not, but some of those waiters were not all there.Anyhow, the salad alone took forever to get to our table, and it arrived two minutes before our meals arrived, which is not cool, we need to enjoy the salad atleast half way before our meal gets there.Had their Twisted Mac,Chicken & Cheese, and i was not disappointed at all, good lunch.Just like any Hard Rock Cafe, the feel and your surroundings are Cool.Hope to stop in again once i am in Las Vegas.
3	I came in one night for a concert, but I was early. Which was okay as I hadn't eaten since breakfast so I needed food before booze. So I took a seat at the bar and ordered.I had a SOB Burger, which is a cheeseburger with guac and chipotle. It was kind of uninspiring as far as a burger goes - massive, but I felt like the chipotle flavor was played down. Also it fell apart after the first couple of bites - to be fair, I think they anticipated it, they gave me a big ass steak knife to go with it. The fries were really good.Alcohol: I gave up drinking after the first two rounds, because my draft Newcastle Ale was 5.60. Don't drink on the Strip if you're a local, you will always be disappointed. The bartender was attentive to my needs and cashed me out quickly.The Concert: The real reason to come here is that the third floor is a MASSIVE concert space. It's a really nice venue, and they've been booking really interesting gigs. The bar service looked good, but like I said, I quit indulging after dinner so I don't know about the service/prices.
5	Zachary is the best!  He provided the best customer service experience I have had anywhere  in a long time!  And of course the food is good here too.  :)
4	Got seated quickly, got drinks quickly, food got done quick and was deliscious. I recommend the california burger. Our server was awesome. It's also very hard to not like any Hard Rock Cafe
5	We came here for lunch during our last visit to Vegas. Which was actually our breakfast. The place is awesome, especially for music lovers! We both ordered the bloody mary's which were good. My husband had some burger with buffalo sauce, bacon, and blue cheese, which he loved. I had the bacon cheeseburger with bbq sauce. They were both yummy, and the fries were so good. My husband I think fell in love with the place when they told him they could put cheese and bacon on his french fries. We will definately be coming back here.
4	The new Hard Rock Cafe is awesome!!! Got a chance to see Eve 6 last night and was impressed with the venue.  Basically, the new Hard Rock Cafe is a three-tier building of Rock-N-Roll fun.  First floor is the walk-in HRC store with all the cool shirts, hats, sweaters, etc.  Quick escalator ride up to the second floor and your in the cafe.  I personally didn't get a chance to grab a bite, but I've eaten at the Maui, Miami, and old Vegas cafes and have never been disappointed (definitely review update).  Take the stairs or elevator up to the third floor and you've reach the concert venue.  The top floor offers a great outdoor balcony with a splendid view of the Vegas strip.  There is a large bar located on one side of the room and various locations with shot girls.  The VIP side of the venue also offers free Coors Light and Blue Moon brew for the opening acts.  Overall, I had a fantastic time and look forward to catching another event at the Hard Rock Cafe soon.
3	We got there 7 pm. and place was hopping. Our freinds had grilled salmon with veggies and mash, we had their burgers and a club. Well, we can't say its rocket science to cook a burger. The food was good but pricey.
5	They took a picture with me and a fake guitar and I didnt even buy anything. I just wanted to see if they have the FAT drinks you see everyone carrying on the street and they DO. Very nice staff and clean place to get some great food or a drink thats 2 feet long and $16
4	We went here to see Bobby Brown (eventually-you know, once he decided to actually show up) and I really liked the venue.  It was intimate and the bartenders were quick and attentive.  The prices on drinks confused the heck out of me.  I couldn't figure out why a cranberry and vodka cost more than my long island but whatever.  A good time was had by all.Also, there is a grand assortment of lotions and whatnots in the women's restroom which was awesome.
4	I ordered a chicken sandwich here that was a little on the pricy side, but huge!  It was also very delicious.  This is overall a fun place to be in, music playing, video screens, and of course, the famous celebrity costumes and tidbits.  Staff was quick to serve us, and also the bus staff was helpful whenever our server wasn't readily flagged down.  We were there for lunch on a Friday, and the place was lively and happening - helps that it was right along the strip.
3	Completely average food. I felt the food was way overpriced for what I got. I ordered the chicken sandwich (has a fancier name but wasn't memorable so I forgot) and it came with only a little chicken. I ordered a chicken sandwich from Exacalibur's pool cafe and it was three times the size!!! And much tastier! What gives? Maybe it was just an off night but overall I felt it was just average. Btw. Lower the music just a tad I can barely hear myself in there.
5	As you can imagine if you've never been here, this place has an electric atmosphere with incredible memorabilia. The food and drinks are outstanding, excellent service, grand view of the strip from the terrace and some great artists for after dinner entertainment. A favorite of ours on Las Vegas Blvd.
4	Our hotel had a little guide to Vegas on the nightstand and as I scoured it for free and/or interesting things to do, the Interactive Rock Wall caught my eye as something my musician husband would enjoy. While it's impressive in theory, the more interesting and fun techie toy we found was just in the waiting area. It was a table top touch screen, reminiscent of the old pac-man tables often found in restaurants during the 80s/90s, but WAY MORE AWESOME... er, well, those were pretty sweet too. I'm drifting...So the interactive rock wall has random images of memorabilia floating around which you can drag and touch click and enlarge... and is quite large, with basically 6 docking stations for 6 users to peruse the floating options. However, the table top touch screens had a search feature so you could choose whose junk you got to look at. We immediately searched for the Boss's items in the collection, enjoying the i-whatever type technology that allowed us to pinch and spread our fingers on the screen to zoom in and out and read old setlists and the like. Fun times for music geeks.I believe these are the same kinds of screens we saw in the booths, but our table didn't have one to play with... so if you want to enjoy that part of the place, ask specifically to sit near one! Oh yeah and as far as the food went, it was fine, just as at all Hard Rocks, although I give extra props to the waitress who noticed me order my veggie burger without cheese and asked if I was vegan.**Side note, vegans, don't plan to eat here. There's really nothing for you. That veggie burger had cheese in it, and I was so grateful that she let me know!!! The option for a side salad is there, but it won't really fill you... with food or nutrients since it was all iceberg or other light-colored lettuces with practically no vitamins.
2	My only trip to the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip was to attend a charity concert by Mixmaster Mike. My sweetheart of a husband decided that a charity event headlined by a great DJ was the perfect excuse to splurge and get bottle service. The first star I am docking is for accessibility. Where is the parking lot for this place? Does it even have one? I still don't know... We ended up parking at the MGM and walking over to the Hard Rock.The hostess was very nice, gave us our nifty VIP lanyards and sent us up the elevator to get our table. When we were seated at our table, our VIP hostess found out what mixers we wanted to go with the vodka we were having (we requested cranberry and orange juice, some red bulls and some Sprite). She also explained to use that after the show, the DJs would be doing a 'meet and great' in the VIP area, which we were all pretty happy to hear.We walked around and checked out the venue. Was disappointed to see guys wearing boardshorts and flip flops. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against a casual dress code. My husband prefers to dress casually, so when I want to go to an event at a venue with a dress code it sometimes takes some convincing. This was disappointing because we were told when we made our table reservation that there was a dress code. Wish we had known that wasn't the case... Ok... Fast forward an hour... DJs are good, sound system is nice and loud, view from the patio is excellent, my drink is great... oh wait. I don't have any Sprite. I am not docking a star for that though as our hostess was very apologetic about forgetting it and quickly brought some out.Mixmaster Mike was amazing, but he always is. I really enjoyed the show. After he finished playing, he signed autographs and passed out cds. Very cool of him... but apparently this was the 'meet and great' we had been told that would happen in the VIP area. I decided to chalk this up to our hostess being confused. Thankfully there was not a very large crowd so I was still able to get a cd and my photo taken...At this point it's about 2 a.m., and we have about an inch of vodka left in our bottle. After a quick trip to the little girls' room, we sit back down to enjoy our last drink before heading back over to our car at the MGM. Well, try to enjoy one last drink at least. Security made it very clear that the show was OVER and it was time to get OUT. One guard approached us and told us it was time to go, we assured him we would be leaving as soon as we finished our last drink... 'Just give us 5 more minutes!!'. 4 minutes and 50 second later, he was back to give us the boot.I know, I know, the show was over and the people working wanted to go home and/or go out themselves. I get that. I also get that other clubs treat bottle service patrons a little better then Hard Rock Cafe did. And this is Vegas, there is no 'bar time' in Vegas. That's one of the perks of being IN Vegas... So while I may attend another concert or event at the Hard Rock Cafe, I certainly won't buy any more overpriced bottles of Ketel One!
4	We built this city on rock and roll!Or did we? The hard rock cafe is definitely rock n roll.  I recently had dinner there, and stayed for a club that was being promoted by some hip hop dj's, which was on the 3rd floor.  The food at the hard rock is not bad.  By not bad I mean it taste like most chain restaurants, so stick to the salads and burgers, you don't want to venture out there too far.The club was a beauty.  I loved the layout.  Nice bar.  Excellent outdoor patio overlooking the strip.  Clean restroom.  Plenty of space to dance.  I went Saturday Night, and the crowd was small for a Saturday, however, it was big enough to party and not feel like the place was empty.  I liked the idea of being in a club in Vegas with good music, yet not being cattled around like most clubs on the strip.  I believe with the right promotion this place could be one of the hottest spots on the strip for a club (especially since Poetry aka OPM is no longer open).
4	First time to hard rock cafe in vegas.  I had 10oz of lengendary burger.  It was awesome, I skipped breakfest n lunch next day til 4 pm, i was still stuffed from that lengendary burger. Pricey, but totally worth it.
2	Let me start by saying I have been here twice.The first time was amazing with an amazing waiter named Terry, who did bar tricks for us and catered to our ever need, even to our friend who has trouble making decisions and embarrasses us! Only downside was the prices.The second time? I don't think I will ever go back. We had a waitress named Amy, with a high pitched and shrill voice, who forgot our drinks numerous times.As well as trying to be a bit too friendly, stealing one of my prize stuffed animals to my side and saying I should watch better...very comforting to know that my stuff could be stolen from me as I eat. Yes, she was nice and ok as a waitress I guess...but once it came to the bill, it said "We added an 18% optional tip for your convenience". The tip was going to be 25 dollars...we decided 15 would be good enough.As we left, she ran after us saying we "were a bit shy" from the amount due, We gladly pointed out that the tip was optional, but it seems Ms. Amy was NOT happy about it. "I aim for 20%" That's fine, but you didn't get it. She got mad and said she needed to talk to the manager before we left. This got us very angry, because she treated us like thieves or something.  She then came back 10 mins later saying "We can go". Well, if I would have known she'd be pissy about a tip I'd have taken the tip back.
2	- Pretty dead scene for a Friday night and there weren't many people around. Maybe it was too late for dinner? You may want to stick with the hotel. Everyone looked bored and ready for their shift to end.  - $15 for a sandwich? Really?  - Too cool to provide, you know, service. Our server never brought us our drinks. I had to track down another server and ask for them. We never even had the opportunity to order food because the service was so obnoxious. + It looked clean and had some cool memorabilia.
3	Pretty alright place to eat if you're into $15 burgers that fill you up, great music, mellow crowd, and patio seating has a pretty sweet view of the strip.Service was lacking a bit though, don't know why since there weren't that many people =/Would i come here again? Nah, one of those places you should just try. Nothing special.Food: BService: BAtmosphere: A
1	I went here with a group of friends because we were going to a concert there (Metal Elvis, meh). We weren't expecting much but were seduced by the convenience of eating at the same place as the show.The first problem was that one person in our group made a reservation online, but they had no record of it when we got there, despite our having a confirmation number. So, we had to wait for a table.The next problem is that the Mint Julep I had was probably 90% simple syrup. Truly an awful cocktail (not to mention that the waitress had no idea what kind of bourbon they had).The service was slow. Some manager type came by and gave us some kind of locals only frequent member card. Not enough for everyone, mind you. Which was fine by me because I hate that kind of crap. Don't need another card to carry around.The group shared a plate of nachos which were OK. Kind of hard to screw up corn chips and cheese, so kudos to the Hard Rock for that.The special that night was a portabello mushroom sandwich, which seemed to be a reasonably healthy alternative to everything else on the menu. But it was so slathered in cheese and this obnoxious mayo concoction that it really was as much a greasy, drippy mess as any burger. Came with a salad but most of the "vegetables" were white, so that was a disappointment, let me tell you.Went in suspecting that the Hard Rock Cafe is nothing more than a tourist trap and everything about it confirmed this suspicion.
3	I decided to give the Hard Rock Cafe another try, this time we just went in for dinner before going to a concert. I made a reservation for 6:30 and this time, we took a cab from our hotel so the lack of free, easy to access parking was a non-factor.Upon arrival we headed up the escalator and was greated by a photographer. She handed me a guitar, we struck some rockstar poses while she snapped a couple shots. Then it was off to get seated.   Our hostess was friendly and tried to make small talk while she took us to our table. The eating area of the Hard Rock Cafe was almost identical to the club area, which is one floor up. The only differences I saw were the additional tables, and different memorabilia. Our waitress was friendly and we were able to place orders for drinks quickly after being seated. My husband decided to order the pulled pork and ribs combo plate, I had a sirloin steak. When we ordered, the waitress gave him a choice in the sauces for the pulled pork, he went with vinegar.After placing our food order, someone came by with the photo that had been taken when we entered. $20 later we had a 5x7 in a simple, touristy frame and 2 smaller photos. Pretty gimmicky but a nice way to remember the evening.Food was brought out promptly. Not too fast but fast enough. I tried a little of the pulled pork, I was glad my husband went with the vinegar based sauce. Very tasty. He seemed to really enjoy the ribs as well.  My steak was fine, nothing exceptional.  I really did like that it was served with snap peas though. Overall, a better experience then my first visit. Food was  good, a little on the pricier side but nothing we weren't expecting. Not really a place I think I'd feel the urge to return to often though. Maybe when people visit from out of town...
2	ok. im not one to get on here and completly put a company down, but this place was a disappointment. out of all of the places on the strip we decided to meet and eat here. i give 2 stars for the scenery and the rock n roll, but the rest was a disappointment. The service was not great, and the food seemed like something you would order in a diner. adult beverages were ok, but the overall experiences didnt rock it!  Sorry hard rock, but there is much better right out of your front door on the veas strip!
5	The best experience we had in Vegas! The waiter was knowledgeble about the menu. The hostess put us on the balcony during sunset, letting us view the strip at night. Amazing!! The manager came out and talked to us for a while, comping us free drinks. Highly reccomend anyone who enjoy's hard rock, going there!
2	We had fun looking at all the memorabilia and playing with the Microsoft surface while we waited for a table. Other than that, the food, drinks and service was normal for Hard Rock - subpar.
4	It was quite the experience. My hubby and I went here before catching our flights back home and it wasn't busy, but there were quite a few people there. Walked into this place and it's a shopping area downstairs and there's an escalator that leads upstair to the restaurant and that's where we intended to go anyway. Right on top of the stairs, there was a guy there who took photos of anyone who goes to the restaurant. We got seated right away and because of our time crunch, we already knew what we wanted. I ordered a Grilled Alaskan Salmon and hubby got the Jumbo Combo. Both food was very good especially the mash potatoes that game with my dish. They made it with cheese or something similar. It was very cheesy. My husband's dish was huge or jumbo in this case. Service was great and the decor was very rocker chique. I will come back next time but not on such a time crunch. After getting the bill they give you a coupon to shop downstairs. Pretty cool.
5	Had a great experience at this particular Hard Rock.  I always get the Twisted Mac and Cheese with Chicken. It was super tasty as always.  The server even recommended some ways to customize the dish if we wanted to change it up a bit.  Our drinks were always full, the bathrooms were very clean.  My favorite part of the whole dining experience was that we sat on the patio overlooking the strip.  The layout of this particular Hard Rock is fantastic, and we received outstanding service!  You can't go wrong here.
4	Food was great service was very good!
4	Coolest Hard Rock I've ever seen, went to the surprisingly uncrowded bar on a Friday night, which was nice. Bartenders were really friendly, my margarita was extremely weak though :(
4	HRC. No, not Hillary Rodham Clinton. Not Human Rights Campaign. Hard Rock Cafe!I've been here on two occasions - once for the grand opening and again last weekend for the Motley Brews craft beer festival. I haven't had a chance to actually eat in the cafe yet, so this review is purely for the building as a venue.It's actually a pretty impressive spot. The bottom floor is the gift shop. If you're a Hard Rock junkie, I'm sure you'll find something to take home with you. The second floor is where the actual cafe resides.  It has a nice size with a balcony that overlooks the strip. In the waiting area are Microsoft Surface tables where you can play around with music-related trivia and activities.The third floor houses a small museum, a bar, and a stage area for small concerts. During the grand opening, I got to see Chris Cornell perform. This is also where the Motley Brews event occurred. It's a nice open space for these types of events. It also has a balcony overlooking the strip.I think it's a little strange that we now have two Hard Rock Cafes and one Hotel in Vegas. I haven't been to the other cafe in about 17 years, but I can only imagine that this new one blows that one away. Then again, if you're a Hard Rock junkie (like a few people we met at the grand opening), you'll visit and appreciate both places.Overall, this is a good addition to the strip.
2	Other than the cool multi-touch wall, service and food was disappointing.
1	Had lunch here; in the words of my nephew, "yucky wucky".The ribs had NO seasoning on them and the beans weren't seasoned either.On top of that; I understand that it is the HARD ROCK cafe, but can you please turn the music down so the paying customers can at least hear themselves converse? We are still at a restaurant, not a rock concert.Will never go here again.
3	Ate here and saw the Dandy Warhols here. Dinning experience was mediocre. Venue for concert was pretty damm good!
4	I don't mind playing the role of tourist every once in a while and heading down to the strip. After visiting M&M World and the World of Coca-cola, my wife, kid, and I stopped by the Hard Rock Cafe for lunch. It's an impressive looking place. Three stories. The first is the store, second is the restaurant, and third is the concert area.The last time I ate at a Hard Rock Cafe was probably the late '90s (in Cancun). I wasn't impressed back then with the food and I wasn't expecting much this time around either. But, it was actually better than I had hoped.The wife got a burger that wasn't on the menu. A beef patty topped with a portobello mushroom and haystack onions, along with some other stuff. Also came with a side salad. She liked it and it was enough food for two people. I got the BBQ bacon cheeseburger (topped with caramelized onions, crispy bacon, and cheddar cheese). It was juicy and tasty and the BBQ sauce had a sweet, smokey flavor to it. Not bad at all. I also had a margarita with pomegranate and some other fruity flavors (don't judge me... sure I occasionally drink fruity cocktails. I don't care what others think.) that was pretty good.Our son got the chicken tenders. Three to an order with a large heap of fries. Our server was friendly and stopped by often to check on us. But wasn't overly intrusive. He even brought out a complimentary sundae for our kid after he found out it was his birthday.There's a huge interactive wall just past the hostess stand and there's also a touchscreen at each booth with info about memorabilia, merchandise in their store, and a voting system for the next song that's played in the restaurant. It's a great idea, but the interface is clunky. Anyone who's ever used an iphone or android will probably find it to be a little primitive. Also, there was a huge disconnect between the song that the screen indicated was playing and the music that was piped through the sound system. I don't think it listed the correct song the whole time we were there.Overall, this is a place that will attract only tourists looking for a relatively cheap, predictable meal (at least for the second floor dining area). The food was 3-star worthy, but I'm tossing in an extra star because of the good service.
4	My friend was craving a burger and beer so we decided to come here.  Expensive of course but pretty decent food and our server was awesome!  My mom got the mahi mahi sandwich.  It was pretty good.  My hubby and I both got veggie burgers and it hit the spot.  I got mine with the hot wing sauce and blue cheese...brilliant!  Skimpy on the fries but tasty.
5	Best service and food ever! Every time I come to Vegas I HAVE to stop by here! And did I mention the CUSTOMER SERVICE?? IT WAS AWESOME!! Thanks Hard Rock!
5	I'm usually the type that goes to a restaurant and order the same thing because I know what it taste like and how i like it or what to expect, but I always order something different every time i come here because I know I'll like it one way or another. This restaurant can get a little pricey, but its still awesome. We've been here a few times, mainly when family or friends come down to visit. If customer service is a big deal to you as it is to me, then you're in luck.. their customer service was awesome. There is a gift shop on the first floor. Its small, but has plenty of souvenirs. Seems like shot-glasses are the thing to buy these days...
4	I came for the glass, and had a great time!Our waitress was really sweet and attentive.  She had a LOT of energy.  I mean, a looooot.  I think she said "rock on" about 17 times during our meal.  At one point, she actually got into the "superstar" position tableside.  It was intense.But anyway, I recommend the lettuce wraps--they were really good, but it was quite a large appetizer, so bring your appetite!  After that my friend ordered a steak w/ the twisted mac n cheese--she said the steak was REALLY good, but I only snuck bites of her delicious macaroni.  Amazing!!!I had the grilled lemon caper chicken, and it was to die for!!  The chicken was really juice and well cooked, and the sauce on it was creamy and delicious.  The pasta that came with it was good as well.  My husband ordered the burger, and I ate most of that, too!  It was SO good!  You could tell it was good beef they were using.  Very, very good meal.  And his fries were good, too.  Not the highlight of the meal, but good nonetheless!!Also, they had a promotion going on that if you brought your receipt downstairs and bought three t-shirts, you would get 20% off the bill.  Score!
2	To be fair, I don't eat at chain restaurants because I know they suck.  But we were in Las Vegas and we figured if there is any place to do some typical tourist crap, Las Vegas would be the place to do it.My boyfriend had never been to a Hard Rock Cafe and so we decided that compared to the other places on the strip this would be somewhat in our price range and we wouldn't get hassled since we look like weirdos.The place is neat, the weird cyber interactive stuff is cool maybe all Hard Rocks have those now, I don't know but it was fun looking at the kind of memorobelia that appealed to us at our table.  It was also fun voting for the music that would be played next, but we kept getting beaten out.The service was meh.  Stupid jokes from the waitress asking us what band we were in.  Yes, because obviously if we were in a band and playing in Las Vegas we'd totally be eating at the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip... ugh.  Also, this was kind of annoying - my boyfriend's ID picture is really old when he was younger, chubbier, and just had his wisdom teeth out, so in a word he looks kinda bad.  He's aware of that.  The waitress I guess in an attempt to... I don't know make him feel better?  Went on and on and on about how she shouldn't even accept the ID because it looks nothing like him now and how's he's gotten way more attractive... wtf?The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.  My food was one degree above cold and my boyfriends food ended up making him sick.  The waitress never came back with condiments we asked for and we considered doing a runner because it was taking so long to get the check... and we were one of six occupied tables....So all and all avoid this place if you can.  I've been to many a Hard Rock in my life, but this was the worst as far as food and service go.  One of the best as far as decor go.  Take it for what you will.
2	the food was good, the service could have been better. we enjoyed the music some things you havent heard on the radio in years, where being played so it was nice. what i didnt like, every few min people would scream- and i mean SCREAM the waiters were egging on a crowd in the back to get loud, and after a long day of walking around the strip and just wanting a good meal- this kind of ruined it.
3	this was a really cool spot! I was able to just see the upper venue where the event was and it was very cool. the balcony overlooked the strip, and thats always nice to have. Not  too many places to sit which stinks but everyone was nice and the food was delicious.
3	Massive portions wouldn't even sum it up! I was extra hungry due to changing time zones etc etc and I couldn't finish my chicken, mac and cheese meal I got. It also came with like Garlic Bread which I didn't even touch! if anyone ever manages to finish this whole meal please tell me!!! The vanilla milkshake was awesome!
3	This cafe Is one cool spot!! It has an outside patio with great views of the strip, friendly staff, good drinks, and a hip atmosphere. Great place to bring a group of friends.
4	Great service.  I got the lettuce wraps as a meal.  Boyfriend got a bacon cheeseburger.  The waiter persuaded us to get our beers in the 40th anniversary collector's glasses.  When we got our check we asking if they could wash out the glasses to take with us.  Instead the waiter presented our check to us with a 2 handled bag and 2 boxes in it with clean brand new glasses in each.
3	Had a good dinner and our waiter was the best.
4	My date and I sat outside on the second level.  It offered a great view of the strip.Service was prompt despite the crowd.  We didn't try the food.
4	LV Hard Rock was pretty. I loved the decor and ambiance. Seattle's newly acquired Hard Rock is nothing compared to LV's. We came just to hang out... no expectations really. Our waitress was really nice and had a good and appropriate sense of humor. She was very easy to chit-chat with and answered all my questions about Vegas.We had some drinks, nachos and greek salad. All were solid. The bill was gut-wrenching though... $100+ for not a lot of stuff. But it was vacation and it's Vegas, so no biggie!
3	It's been a while since I've eaten in a Hard Rock Cafe. We had tickets to see a band in their showroom upstairs, so we decided to grab some drinks and grub before the show.Staff was great, fun, and helpful. Music playing in the background is loud but not too loud. You can't help but sing along. Drinks are yummy but expensive but thats to be expected. Our food was average it was tasty but needed some tweeking.We got the Twisted Mac and Cheese and a side of French Fries. Love the mac and cheese and the garlic toast it came with, chicken was dry and plain. Fries were ok, could be crispier, most likely frozen. Friends got the chicken fingers and a salad, they looked good, and all the food was consumed without complaints.Now don't go to The Hard Rock Cafe for a terrific meal, it's more about the experience.
4	Geez what to say about this place, Big love to the way it looks.Has a the WOW factor for sure, yes is a tourist place, but its the Hard Rock what do you expect.It has the clothes/retail store on the ground level and if you go up the stairs you have the cafe. I love Hard Rock stuff, T-shirts, mugs, key rings ect...The clothes and retail items aren't really that expensive, BUT go upstairs and be prepared.I got a Sandwich and coke and my wife got chicken strips and fries with an ice T. lets just say filling up the Envoy was cheaper.If it's just to shop around this place is GREAT, as for food shoot over the road!! you'll love it there.CheersGO HERE (not for the food though)
5	We loved this place.......the decor was great.....our server Gretchen was awesome.she sat down with us chatted ..she was fast ...music was good..food was great not a long wait food was hot and freshly made. I had the twisted mac and cheese it was sooooooo good. Hubby had the chicken Marsala he loved it :) We returned a few days later for lunch caused we liked it so much :) I would recommed this place and prices where very reasonable .
4	This place is refreshing compared to House of Blues. Relaxed staff, very helpful and friendly. And good food. HOB food has Always sucked. The load-in is no fun here at the Hard Rock Cafe. Up a flight of stairs, down a couple of hallways... The merch area is awesome! Overall, Hard Rock Cafe rules!
4	I recently popped into the new Hard Rock Cafe on the strip to see musical talents The Reverend Horton Heat and Nashville Pussy and I was decently pleased with the venue.  For starters, the sound was better than other Hard Rock locations that I've been to and the layout of the place was  spacious and inviting, allowing a patron to see everything everywhere, no matter what room one might be standing in.  They had some very cool memorabilia on the walls, just as we've all come to expect of the Hard Rock, except this time it appears that they put a lot more thought into the color schemes than what I've seen before.The bar had a great selection and surprisingly reasonable prices - considering its high profile location - and that was pretty much the icing on the cake for ensuring my return.
2	Dear HRC Security:When escorting patrons from the premises for "dancing roughly," please do not use them as a battering ram though the crowd of people trying to watch the show. It is not fun having to dodge a person being shoved in your face by a security guard. In fact, while you're at it, get over yourself and let people enjoy a show and dance a little without flipping out that they might bump into someone. This is the "Hard Rock Cafe," not the "Slow Jazz Cafe." Thanks!Jennifer B.P.S. Just want to add, the sound quality here is amazing, so it's such a bummer that it's hard to enjoy the show because of outside staff. The actual HRC staff that took our tickets and screened our bags were so incredibly nice.
4	I stopped here for breakfast while spending a weekend in Vegas. I was a bit scared about eating here at first but as soon as I walked in,  the place looked great and the staff were very friendly.  My main concern was being able to enjoy a mimosa - which they were serving.  The place is great, I really enjoyed sitting close to the bar and being able to watch all of the football games on big screen tv's surrounding the bar.  Their breakfast selection was limited but good enough.  I had the classic egg, toast, bacon and sausage dish I believe and my friend had a breakfast burrito. I was surprised it was a good breakfast. The friendly & attentive staff really helped make this place enjoyable.  I'd like to go back there during the night when they have a live band because their stage looked pretty awesome with those big amps. The only small thing I did mind was how cold it was, then again it was really hot outside so it wasn't a big deal to me.
4	If you want to feel like a rock star  you should make sure that you're lucky enough to get Amy to complete your Hard Rock Cafe experience while in Vegas.  Her personality was the olive in the martini.The food did not disappoint either. I had the Haystack Chicken Salad with grilled chicken and my friend had the club sandwich, which was sizable and yummy. The salad was scrumptious and the dressing was perfectly mixed in.  The decor was classic Hard Rock Cafe and so was the experience!
4	I love this location!! Awesome strawberry lemonade with vodka (I think), delicious fish and chips, and touch screen TVs at your table so you can look at handwritten lyrics and choose the next song.Great waiter, and delicious food.
2	2 the food was meh (i had the appetizers combo) but the music was good. There was no line which was also a big perk. Apparently the pulled pork sandwich was good and the burgers looked really good as well. I wouldn't recommend the appetizers platter or the bbq platter though.
3	Food is pretty average but the ambiance and service is great. My dad is law was loving the music and videos that were playing and walking down memory lane. It was adorable!We tried:Appetiser sampler - massive portion. Onion rings were very good, potato skins & wings were ok. Everything else was meh...Pull pork sandwich - surprisingly deliciousBBQ trio - the chicken was amazing! smoky, grilled and so tender. The pull pork sandwich was good. Ribs were disappointing and dryFries - Not bad.Mango Tango - pretty tasty and refreshingGood for a quite bite and place to catch up since it is such a casual place with decent food.
2	I wast here to attend the Tuesday Blend event.The security was not the smartest bunch. The ID checkers let in SO many underage people, simply because they couldn't do math correctly. I am not really complaining, because I have underage friends, but still... it was kind of funny.There were 2 guards in particular who were constantly checking Kalila for a 21+ wristband even after she had repeated showed it to him so many times.The venue served its purpose and we had a good time, but that was thanks to the people who came out and our friends who produce the event. As far as I'm concerned the HRC was a good sized venue with annoying security (except for the guy next to the escalators downstairs -- he was cool).
4	Loved it here, server was awesome, food was awesome .
4	We ended up eating outside as it was our first night in Vegas and we wanted to take it all in.  I ordered a shrimp caesar salad that was awesome.  Don't remember what my boyfriend had but he enjoyed his too.  The service was friendly and accommodating!  It was pretty chilly outside so they moved the tables around so we would be warm and under one of the outdoor heaters.
5	Had the fish and chips and it was excellent.  Service was really good and the all the staff were very pleasant.
2	This was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe, and I was excited about it. I mean, so much hype! We went to the one that wasn't on the strip, which was good because there was plenty of parking and not crowded at all. We ordered mixed drinks, which were fine besides the price. Then we ordered burgers- you know, typical cheeseburgers with bacon. I don't really know what happened. They were dry and didn't have great flavor. I didn't think you could mess up a burger, but just wasn't great. Service was fine, drinks were tasty and the ambiance is fun. But Vegas has WAY better food elsewhere for better prices.
2	First, the food I had here was AMAZING.  My burger was SOOOOO good.  The problem was the service.We went here for lunch on a weekday, probably around 11am (it was early and lunch had just started).  We were STARVING, which is why we were eating on the strip in the first place.There were only three tables, including us.  The place was pretty much empty.After being seated with menus, we were deserted.  We did not see another employee for at least 20 minutes, and when we managed to flag him down and ask where our server was (I mean, it's not like they were busy), he said that he'd go get our server.  It was a while later before the server finally showed up to take our order.Again, we were starving.After ordering, it happened all over again.  We thought that, surely, after leaving us with NO service after being seated they'd be attentive and get our order through fast.  (Still, only about three tables were seated, including us).  Boy were we wrong!  Our orders took FOR EVER.  A table that had arrived about ten minutes after us paid their bill and left about ten minutes before the food ever showed up.  I haven't experienced that kind of wait at any restaurant on a busy night on the strip ever.After having to hunt down our food, we finally ate and our server apologized for the delay.  We were very dissatisfied and when he brought the bill he said he'd apply his employee discount to make up for the bad service, but that was all he could do.  His discount was 5%.  Meh.  It was pretty expensive anyway (being on the strip) and little that discount didn't really rectify much.  Also, I figure places like these usually have coupons or gift cards or something to give out in a situation like this and we didn't get anything like that.The only reason this is two stars instead of one is that 1) the food was insane and 2) at least the server made some kind of tiny effort to acknowledge our bad experience by giving the slight discount.  But I still can't get what the delay was.  Maybe their server was also the chef.  And the hostess.  And the bartender.  And the janitor.  And the guy out front entertaining pedestrians...
5	It's not so much the food I come here for but the atmosphere. If you're a rocknroll fan, this place'd be like heaven on earth. They've got televisions surrounding the neon lighted bar blasting MTVs of bands from Beatles, to Queen to Maroon 5, celebrity memorabillia lining up the walls. I had a lot of fun checking out the original animated cell from the Beatles yellow submarine cartoon! Food and service was good, reasonably priced and comfortable. Everyone's really nice!
5	I recently stayed at the Aria on a family trip to Las Vegas. I took my parents here for our last dinner. I think it was the best meal that we got our money while on The Strip.Pros-Our waitress was a superstar. She was ridiculously friendly and positive, even with my gloomy Asian father. She came to check up on us at least every 10 minutes, and never let our glasses get half empty. I don't give a lot of 20% tips, but I didn't need to think twice about this one.-Entertainment at the table! We were seated at a booth, and attached to the wall was a touch-screen that let you could flip through musical memorabilia and look at anything from Britney Spears' waitress getup in her Crazy video to the local newspaper after Lennon's death.-The music, of course! I feel pretty odd commenting on this obvious aspect, but the music was loud enough for me and not too loud for my parents.-$4 for my Groupie Grind! Recommended to me by my waitress. Pina colada mix with mango and strawberry puree. MMMMmmmmm...Oh, for some odd reason there were no prices on the drink menu. I was surprised when I saw the check that my fabulous slushie was just $4 and my mom's fountain drink (I think she got Sierra Mist) was something like $3.50. Moral of the story: Treat yourself to a special drink!-Beer battered Fish n Chips. I don't even like fish, but it was so darn crispy that we all stole some of mom's food.Just OK:-Cobb salad. A typical and ordinary Cobb salad. Enough to fill me up, but didn't leave me feeling overstuffed. IMO, a good dish if you're not famished and you want to leave a little room to try other foods. I was also eyeing the Anti-Cobb, so maybe I'll try that next time.Cons:-They make you take a picture with a drum set and guitars when you come in. Fun if you're going with friends, awkward when you're there with your already uncomfortable Asian parents.Overall:Great service, great atmosphere, good prices and generous portions. If you're stuck on The Strip, this is one of your better options for food.
4	I was really skeptical about this place, considering it's a big chain. One of my buddies works here and has been hounding me to come in visit. So I finally did last night. I was pretty impressed. The decor is pretty hip, just like the casino itself. They had a separate menu for some specials they had. We ended up ordering from that menu. For an appetizer we have bacon wrapped jalapeno's. I thought this was gonna be a run of the mill popper, but it was actually a whole jalapeno stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. It was AMAZING! And super spicy, which is how I like it! For dinner, I had the filet mignon and asked to add on blue cheese, which was not a problem at all. It was super good. My boyfriend got the fish n' chips, which is odd cause he hates seafood, but he enjoyed it. The drinks are kind of pricey, but hey, it's the strip so it's not uncommon. My friend gave us a deal on the food, which even sweetened the whole dinner!
4	I went here last weekend for dinner with a friend before seeing a show.  The price was as expected, averaging between $15-25.  The service was great.  We were seated right away and our server was funny and helpful.  He kept checking on us to make sure we had everything we needed and two different managers came by to see that we were satisfied.  The food was delicious.  I was a little upset because I substituted a side for the twisted mac and cheese and was not informed that it was a $5 upcharge.  However, I made a small comment about this and it was immediately resolved with an apology and a comp, no questions asked.  Overall, I would definitely return here if I am looking for a nice night out!
4	Finally went here on a recent trip to Vegas. Started off with some skins, they were good. Then my drink came, I can't remember the name of it but our waitress recommended it to me and I said what the hey I'll try it. It was amazing. I got the Local Legendary Burger, I'm going to put this out there for the whole yelp world to see. That was by far one of the best burgers I've had in my life. It was so light, yet so filling and cooked PERFECTLY. Your waitress was amazing. So sweet and so willing to suggest her favorites. The only thing I really can complain about is the price...but its Vegas...you expect that.I can't wait to come back here and try something else out :-)
4	I went to a concert at the Hard Rock on the Strip last night.  It was my first time to this one.  I have to say, I am impressed.  The third floor venue is a bit of a hike for a lazy bum like me.  I took the stairs though there is an optional elevator.  I was concered how the concert was going to be pulled off given the nature of the act.  I saw GWAR, a group known for eleborate stage shows that saturate the audience, floor and surrounding areas with a red simulated blood and green slime.  I noticed when I walked in the memorabilia walls and support columns were wrapped in plastic sheets.  Smart move.  Security was tight upon entering.  Everybody had to take everything out of their pockets and get patted down and wanded.  It took a while (think busy airport) but I felt safe.  During the show security guards were taking down crowd surfing drunks.  It was entertaining.  Over all, the concert venue at the Hard Rock is like a bigger, cleaner and more modern looking version of the House of Blues at Mandalay Bay.  They have very similar set ups.  Down side of the eveing, the cheapest beer was PBR for $5.  That is a lot to pay for a pint of PBR.  That complaint aside, I had a great time for a great price (ticket cost).  I plan to go back if they continue to bring in the good acts.
5	saw thrice perform their farewell tour here.really awesome concert venue. spacious. not overcrowded and stage is situated that everyone is able to see everything!hope to attend more concerts here in the future.
3	Went to see SEE-I a Regee band from Seattle, Washington who was supposed to start at 9PM on Sunday, they started at 10:15PM. Their Las Vegas local warm-up band was gastly. Oneness Vibe, the led singer needs to take voice lessons and sing on key, as did the other male singer. If they would have never sang a word we could have said they were fair. They filled in for 1hr of base drum unnecessarily loud pounding, & poor audio feedback, (*I played the drums in college)  which needed a decent sound man to fix. See-I's led 2-singers were good. The hall on the 3rd floor has nice Rock & Roll stuff. Lots of guitars from big stars, shirts, outfits and more. Nice view of the strip in the corner, no tables there. Both bands were way too loud on the drum audio. Never a good sound mixer when you need one. The lobby ground floor has a huge selection of shirt with stars on them mostly Hard Rock Cafe stuff. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor, I ate their once and it was good, but over-priced. This place has no parking so you will need to park at the Monte Carlo, New York~New York or MGM lots for free parking. I parked next to the Monte Carlo in the NY~NY lot and walked across the street.
4	Went in with a large party and was seated rather quickly. The atmosphere was great, the view was great the service was OUTSTANDING and the food was delicious. Clean and packed with happy customers and staff. Second time there and I will go back.
2	great spot to launch yelp spring break. server Steven is fun and friendly.--ultimate long island. whew! heygetchabuzzon!!--themed cocktail double shots for yelp. yahoooo!! thankyoumayihaveanother!!--nice patio overlooking the tourists and costumed entertainers below--huge bright windows in the bar facing a gigantic puckering girl with demon fingers clutching a coke bottle. weird! smooch!but the food... :(#fried jalpenos squirted full of of pink goo, crumby coat blech#pork belly sliders; few dry slivers inside a huge doughey roll. blech#tacos skewered together holding on for dear life, tortillas cakey processed blech#wings dry and faded, could i get some goddam bleu cheese in this bleu cheese dressing?!!!and don't forget you're in merchandising, chain restaurant hell.#dude strips down to try on t-shirt as you walk by. no one even flinches.#two-for-one shirts, and ads for the same everywhere, even handed to you in case you missed the signsthanks to steven and pals for a fun afternoon. enjoy the yelp sunglasses!
2	Sat down for a drink and a bite after checking in for Yelp Spring Break events.The good: Charlie, our waiter, was very personable, and attentive.The bad: The pork sliders (which were on special for Yelpers) consisted of a slice of pork tossed on a roll, with some sort of basil-sprout-looking things. They were Mohave-style-DRY.The you-gotta-be-kidding-me: $6.30 for a pint of Sam Adams.
3	Michael was an AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME WAITER!!!!! (50 stars for him). However, the food was HORRIBLE!  My taco was BAD!  The meat was cold, the tortilla was cold, and the whole thing was just COLD AND BLAND. Blah, not worth my $10.00 @ all.
4	Came here for drinks. The bar and restaurant are on the second floor. They have an outdoor patio with an awesome strip view. Their mixed drinks were quite good. One thing that is +/- is that to exit you will have to pass through the gift shop. It's great if you are looking to get some souvenirs on your way out.Not so great if you are just going outside.
3	We are here for Yelp Elite Vegas. Normally, my group would probably not stop here to grab a bite to eat as one thing we try to be is adventurous. But as a sponsor to our great gathering, you get our gratitude and our business.Most will probably not see the same menu that us Yelpers saw at the prices we saw, but I'll be blunt and say it was pretty much happy hour dishes at higher than usual prices. Yes, we are in Vegas, but if you are not going to be a buffet or fancy then you better be cheap.Oh Hard Rock food, I have a 3 star feeling about you:-=-Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders-=- Too bready for the meat and flavor content. Pork Belly is so yummy when it leaks it's juices all over your bread. Wasn't the case here.-=-Braised Short Rib Tacos-=- They weren't stuffed by any means, but I felt were the most tasty of the bunch. The bites into these were the most enjoyable I had for this meal.-=-Nacho Mama Fried Jalapenos-=- These were a crispy surprise, but then again you dip anything in ranch and I'm a fan. Dip my napkin in ranch and I'd probably faint.-=-Twisted Mac and Cheese-=- We ordered this outside of the Yelp menu. It was all tons of cheesy. For what it was, without meat additives (ignoring the chicken on top, doesn't count), it was a good blend, but was still missing something. Can't put a finger to it.Oh Michael, so awesome you were as our server. You were 5 star awesome. The Yelp Elites were in town and you delivered. We'll be sure to post of our group photo here. I hope our other Yelp Elites were able to have the pleasure as well.
4	Before standing at the ready to greet and assist fellow Yelpers registering for Spring Break, I enjoyed my first lunch inside the Hard Rock Cafe on The Strip.  It has less rock memorabilia on its walls than the HRC adjacent to the Hard Rock Hotel on Paradise, but is more elegant, plus features a dynamite second level patio overlooking other Strip properties, and a large third floor suitable for concerts.But I was here to try the vaunted HRC hamburger, and was not let down by the 6 oz. Classic Burger with bacon and Cheddar Cheese added, and accompanying fries.  This was the small variety of burger, but it was large enough for me.  Although it took awhile to get made medium rare as ordered, once my sandwich arrived it was a fine burger.  Deconstructing its contents, it consisted of cold pickle chips, a good slice of ripe red tomato, green leafy lettuce, Red Onion circles, a warm charbroiled hamburger patty, a soft bready bun, very tasty bacon, and nicely melted orange Cheddar Cheese.  The fries were neither thin nor fat, and tasted just fine with the juicy Bacon Cheeseburger.  Service was friendly and professional.It was an enjoyable lunch in a very cool setting, and I look forward to a return visit.
4	Out of all the times I've visited Vegas, I've never stepped foot into this HRC until now. Downstairs you have your memorabilia and upstairs you have the cafe/bar.Came here with some friends. We were given comped drinks at the bar. Our bartenders were hilarious!!! They were interactive, personable and very courteous. Spacious and some seating you have the view of the strip. Fun to people watch. Strong drinks and fun ambiance.
3	The three cheese Burger is beyond the experience of any regular cheeseburger and let me say I have had many Cheeseburgers.Enjoyed my lunch very much at the bar, watching music rock videos of all eras.The service was very pleasant too.They also have original Elvis' outfits for public view.
3	The first pit stop  for Yelp spring break, I decided to eat here after registering.My fiancee cashed in on her free cocktail, and we ordered the ten dollar specials. One was the Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders(3) with Tomatillo Jam, Micro Cilantro and the other was the Braised Short Rib Tacos(3) with Frenso & Corn Slaw, Cilantro Lime Aoili. Both sounded pretty good.The cocktail was super weak. I get Asian glow easily and this cocktail did nothing to me. Maybe because it was free? As for the sliders, I actually did enjoy them, though the jam was a bit on the sweet side. We just used some of the guacamole from the taco dish and it made the sliders amazing, haha. As for the tacos, they're just standard tacos. Not bad at all, but not amazing.Service was a bit too... perky for my tastes. Waitress was definitely nice, but I can only handle so much bubbliness. Probably awesome if you're bringing a family here, though, so not factoring it into my rating.But mainly, Hard Rock Cafe gets 3 stars for 3 star food. Though I have no idea why a cafe about Rock was bumping Skrillex.
4	3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the drinks, 5 stars for the atmosphere,10 stars for our server, Michael! Math has never been my best subject, but I am going to say that's a solid 4. Honestly, I normally wouldn't come to a chain in Vegas.... but this was the Yelp Spring Break headquarters and we were enticed by the $10 lunch menu for us. Since we were checking in here anyway, we decided to check it out. - Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders - They were decent, but the bread/filling ratio was off and I thought the pork was much much too sweet. Still tasty though. - Braised Short Rib Tacos - My favorite! Great combination of flavors, perfect short ribs, and the dipping sauces were a great match. - Nacho Mama Fried Jalapenos - We were warned they would be spicy, but they were overwhelmingly so! I loved the crispiness and the way they were loaded with cream cheese, but I can usually handle spicy and couldn't handle much more than a few bites of these. - Twisted Mac and Cheese - This wasn't on the Yelp menu, but who can resist mac and cheese? This one was a little different, with buffalo sauce added (which I wouldn't have been able to tell, had we not been told). It gave it an extra interesting little kick, and the dish was creamy, cheesy, and gooey, they way it should be. The dishes were more tapas style/samplers than the lunch specials advertised, but it was still cool to check out a place that none of us had been to. The free drink tickets from Yelp made it more than worthwhile too.... our Bacardi Torched Cherry cocktails were refreshing and strong. Michael was personable, hilarious, and enthusiastic. He really wanted us to enjoy our whole experience there, and he was beyond great. He gave some great drink recommendations to my drinking-partner-and-crime and I: their version of a Long Island and another SoCo-based sweet drink. Both highly recommended. Would I come back? Hard Rock was an excellent sponsor and host for our event, and a great atmosphere to get the party started. The fantastic service would bring me back, and also my discovery of the patio...... the front of the dining area is a huge, shaded patio with a view of the whole Strip and Bellagio fountains. Great place to grab some drinks and get into the Vegas spirit.
3	I thought this would be an easy good meal, theres always something i like here. I tried the chicken tacos and my hubby got a burger. My tacos all had a few pieces of chicken, mostly lettuce and cheese, and the chicken was clearly frozen kind that turned rock hard during cooking and who knows if it was really chicken. My husbands burger was overcooked as well. The only reason id come back is for the good drinks, and twisted mac n cheese, bravo on those 2 items. Guess you could be a late nite stop for drinks and a a heaping plate of mac!
3	Was here for a private event w/open bar. Liked the cover band that was performing on the concert stage, which has a decent-sized dancefloor. Bartenders were fun and make decent drinks. Love the large upstairs patio with seating - overlooks the Strip, fantastic view.
4	For a few days, the Hard Rock Cafe was Yelp's base camp for checking into Yelp Spring Break. Upon entering, the 1st floor is all merch. Virtually any conceivable trinket, souvenir, or swag emblazoned with the Hard Rock Cafe logo is down there somewhere.Yelp's check-in & the "cafe" portion of Hard Rock Cafe were upstairs. With checking into YSB came voucher tickets for a free Bacardi Torched Cherry cocktail at the Hard Rock Cafe bar. Go to the bar for a free drink? Don't gotta ask me twice...So, the girlfriend & I sidled up to the bar. Service was extremely friendly & we got our cocktails in a jiffy. While sipping our refreshingly free drinks, we noticed a small menu of items specifically for Yelp: Pork Belly Sliders, Braised Short Rib Tacos & Fried Stuffed Jalapenos.I ordered all 3 to sample. Our food was taking a while, but our bartender went back to check it out & we had our order shortly after. The Tacos & the Jalapenos were excellent, flavorful, nicely spicy & were served with knockout delicious dipping sauces. Comparatively, the Pork Belly Sliders were a little bland.All 3 dishes were tapa-sized, so there was room for dessert. We got the Caramel Xango. Oh. My. God! Now that alone was worth walking into the building for. Cheesecake wrapped in tortilla, deep-fried, & then served with whipped cream + caramel & strawberry sauces drizzled all over everything. Wow.While chewing & sipping, we took in the Hard Rock ambiance. Lots of glass & steel with plenty music memorabilia throughout. It's pretty cool. For the most part the food was pretty good too & service was top notch. After squaring the tab, we exited the same way we came in, through the gift shop.
3	came here mega hungover for breakfast after attending a late-night vegas wedding. the place was super empty around 9.30am - not too surprising as i'm sure most people were still out from the night before or too hungover to move.breakfast menu was pretty slim, maybe 5 or 6 options but the waitress said many of the normal menu items could be prepared if we asked. i ordered a standard breakfast for $10.85 - eggs, bacon, toast, and potatoes. everything was great minus the bacon - a crazy thick layer of pepper and salt covered it. totalllllly gross. bacon doesn't need seasoning! it's great on its own!service was fine, food came out fast, and it was more reasonably priced than i expected. it's good if you're in a hurry to get on the road, but if you're not in a time crunch, i suggest heading over to the strip for an amazing brunch buffet instead.
5	I had only been to the Hard Rock Cafe in los angeles and honestly my experience wasnt the best, so when my friend wanted to eat here in vegas i was hesitant but decided to give it a try. So we walked in the store and up to the second level where we were greeted and taken a picture of that would later be offered for us to buy...They seated us quickly which was nice since the place looked pretty busy for a tuesday afternoon. I tried not to get seduced just by the nice decor and the great music, but i couldnt help it, the music was great. Our waiter was a super cool/nice guy that came and sat with us as he took our order. My friend was hesitant as to what to order and he suggested The Texan sandwich, my friend loved it! I ordered the simple burger which was good, we got a LOT of fries as well, i couldnt finish my meal. The place is not expensive, the food is decent, the waiters are helpful and fun, and the music just sets the whole ambiance, if you like rock that is. I can honestly say they changed my mind and i would come here again.
2	Over priced! Terrible service! Not worth the trip- go somewhere else...
4	I've been to the Hard Rock for three different types of experiences: dining, special event, and concert. This is definitely a world class Hard Rock Cafe. From the interactive screens at the lobby, and select tables, to the decor and the staff. The food is pretty consistent, and they have good options for those with dietary restrictions. As a local, I found the staff to be very accommodating to both locals and tourists. I witnessed the staff giving genuine recommendations to tourists, and joking around with the occasional local that stops by. Beyond the typical HRC experience, I've been very impressed with the concert venue on the top floor. I've seen both international acts and local acts in the concert hall. During concerts the venue is very intimate, and there is not a bad seat (mostly standing room, but you get the idea) in the house save the area behind the bar that overlooks the strip. The sound is good, not the best I've seen, but for the type of venue it is more than adequate. I look forward to concerts at the HRC because the parking is easy (just park in the Showcase mall, you have to pay, but it is worth it), and you can always see the band. The security can be a little hardcore (patting down kids at an all ages show), but as far as small venues go on the Strip, this one is outstanding.
4	I'm a fan of Hard Rock Cafe in general, but this one is definitely awesome.  My bartender was nice, and really fun.  The food was reasonably priced, delicious, and out pretty quick.  It was late on a Friday night, and I had just come in off a long stint on the road (drove in from Barstow, but thanks to an overturned semi that drive took a little over 5 hours), so I was just happy to find a place still serving dinner.  I was even more delighted that it was a relaxed atmosphere where I could have a few drinks before heading out onto the strip.  I was having a bad night when I walked in, and a good night by the time I walked out - so I'd say it was worth it.
4	This is an awesome place to hang out on a day like this.  When it's hot out and you can't stand to be inside a casino or out on the strip.  Hard Rock Cafe has an awesome menu and stocked bar complete with mini stage for the occasional impromptu concert.  Try the burgers.  This location is located near the MGM and Ross Dress for Less.  Look for the giant electric guitar.  As a bonus, at any given time of day, you'll see your favorite celebrity impersonators out front.
5	SHOUTOUT TO FRANCIS!He was probably the most legit host ever. We were asked to finish our yardsticks before we were seated, so he hung out with us before showing us to our table.  Being from Portland, we had to explain to him that the show "Portlandia" is based off of how Portland really is, versus just silly jokes.  And since Vegas is such a tourist spot, we totally dig being asked where we're from and the person that asked RELATING versus just saying, "Cool" or something else to the degree of "we don't care, we're just paid to ask."Anyways, he seriously made our night. He was geniunely friendly, and just such a fun way to start off the meal.  The food was spendy for being nothing all that special, so maybe if we were seated by anyone else, we wouldn't have enjoyed Hard Rock as much... But Francis was legit.
2	This is a review of this Hard Rock as a concert venue only. Having not been to this location previously - I downloaded directions from the Hard Rock's website. The parking situation sounded tricky - and it was. The fact that the directions provided were incorrect didn't help. Parking for the venue is in the parking garage for the Showcase Mall - and costs 3.00 (cash only) to boot. Paying for parking is unheard of on The Strip! OK - so once we find the parking lot, pay and park - the elevator dumps you out on a side street. About a block away from the entrance. We started walking toward Las Vegas Blvd. and slowly realized that all these people waiting in line were waiting to get into the venue. This is where it gets silly. In order to get into the concert venue one needs to:1. Wait outside in line in the desert heat.2. Once you get past the first staggered security point - you're released by the security guard to walk down the public sidewalk (with everyone else that just happens to be strolling the strip unimpeded) to the entrance to the Hard Rock Store. You walk through the store - right through all the shoppers to three flights of steep stairs. All the while, there is nothing to keep random people that haven't waited in line from joining your group on the way (as one girl did - slipping into our group right behind us). So, lesson number one - only suckers wait in line...3. It took about 45 minutes total to get into the venue - and we arrived at posted start time. Luckily, the show started late so we didn't miss any of the show.Once we got inside, the venue actually wasn't bad. The sound was decent and although the place holds 1100 people - it still manages to feel intimate. In keeping with Hard Rock tradition - the artifacts and historical exhibits were well done and cool. Drinks are at Strip club price - $16.00 a round for a bourbon & coke and a Miller Light.All I can say is, I've been a musician and an avid rock show attendee for three decades now - and I'm sorry - but it's obvious to me that they built the venue with no consideration as to how a large audience would actually access the performance space on the 3rd floor. This major planning fail kind of set the tone for the night unfortunately...UPDATE: I received a few very nice messages from Hard Rock management - and they'll be working to address the entrance issues and are hoping to make this location into a premiere Las Vegas music venue.  I can't wait to see what they can work out.
5	Rib eye steak, Rack of Rib, Roasted Duck, Salmon, top off with fugde  sunday, Food and Service was Excellent !!!
3	I'm assuming this is the Hard Rock at Mandalay. I went for Breakfast one am. First off, they aren't open for breakfast until 8am, which I thought was more than strange considering the crazy hours one makes while in Vegas. I had jet lag during the trip and was eating breakfast at 630am and 730am and heck sometimes my friends weren't getting in til 9am! Anyway, I digress... I ordered the standard 2 egg breakfast. It was massive. 2 people could easily split it. My only issue is that it was crazy greasy...even for this southern girl. Maybe they make it that way for all the drunks who need the grease to soak up the alcohol but it just made me feel sick. They were nice enough to sub out the bread for fruit and there was a lot of it. Service was a bit slow also. Otherwise, great value for the money.
4	Decided to go here since we didn't know Diablos Cantina stopped serving food after 10, I'm really glad we came. The four of us decided on the sirloin medium well and it was delicious. Had a great view from the balcony outside, our server was really on point and super nice. Really enjoyed our meal here.
5	Simple : I ate the best Burger of my U.S trip there. And believe me, I have been to all kinds of burger venues. If you also visit the hard rock hotel this will be your rock museum of the journey !
4	Yes, there are now TWO Hard Rock Cafes in Vegas. The original Paradise/Harmon location (which is in front of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino), and this one, which is on the Las Vegas Strip itself. If you are not familiar with the Hard Rock Cafe chain of restaurants, you have clearly been living under a rock for the past few decades. Essentially, they combine great food and tons of awesome musical memorabilia and the like on display. These places are a music fan's dream come true. The Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip is unique because it is set up in a 3-story arrangement. The first floor and main entrance is the gift shop. The second floor is the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant itself. And the third floor is a bar/concert venue. As far as the concert venue goes, this place is excellent. I went in here for the first time the other night to see Dio Disciples, and the size of the venue is just right. It is intimate, but still manages to fit a ton of music fans. Plus the sound quality is excellent. You can stand by the stage, or go to the bar or a table/chair to sit down, so you'll be well off either way. There is even a balcony with a kick-ass view of the Strip exterior.Most of my complaints with the place stem from the entrance/location/lines for shows/etc. Being on the Las Vegas Strip, just getting to the associated Showcase Mall parking garage can be a challenge (it costs $3 to park in this garage, but it is far and above your best option.) Finding the garage is tricky because the signs directing you there are so small and easy to miss. Likewise, to get into the show, we had to wait in a line, and the line actually went up a flight of stairs. Traversing stairs is fine, but being forced to wait on them in a crowd for long periods of time is not pleasant. Also, expect the full "being carded/pat down/metal detector" treatment. But all things considered, once you find the parking garage and a show that you want to go to, or even if you're just wandering the Strip and want to shop and eat, this place is great. Definitely worth your time, whether you're a local or a tourist.
1	This review will encompass experiences both at the restaurant and the music venue upstairs; I have never purchased anything from the gift store on the street level, so I implore you to look elsewhere for reviews for your over*priced tshirt, hat and commemorative pin-buying needs. There is no free parking for this property, so I usually park at the outside lot that Monte Carlo has (between MC and NY, NY), or earlier, when I had the patience to walk through the annoying MGM Grand, in that parking garage. MC is your best choice since it about a block to the door. Venue:** out of *****It's called Hard Rock. HARD rock. Someone explain to me why the first time I patronised this venue, for an AAF concert, they were tossing people out for consentingly mildly moshing. No one was crashing into anyone that wished not to participate. No one was going to fight. It was all supposed to be good fun. People were being tossed out. Keep that mind if you ever get the urge to do so, or if you are vehemently anti-people having fun and prefer for staff to throw people out for doing something that is normal at an AAF show. As I walked out of the venue, there were Metro police officers rushing up into the property; for what, who knows. Luckily, it was not kill-an-unarmed-civilian-night on the Gillespie calendar so everyone got off unscathed. I never stuck around to see another set from an artist/group that would generate moshing, so I do not know if this was an isolated policy incident. I have seen about a dozen or so other shows after my first here. As others have said, the search is fairly intensive for Las Vegas, but nothing intrusive. It's no big deal to me; those doing the searches are always pleasant and in great spirits/moods.  Restaurant:* out of *****I ate 1/4 of a monster salad once; I cannot recall being asked if there was anything wrong with it (I probably was not), and when I was asked if I was done, I said yes (imagining [WRONGLY] that I would be presented with a box or that it was taken away to be brought back in a box) and it was taken and presumably put in the collection for the pig farm. The salad was quite good (for a place named 'Hard Rock') but I will never forgive my salad being thrown away as if I were some shithead tourist with the inability to take it home. Actually, I see shithead tourists with gigantic doggie bags all the time on the strip, so essentially I was treated worse than a shithead tourist. Never forget the death of my over*sized salad. Additionally pointless ancedote for those still reading: once I was brought a check that was a mere fraction of the bill I had incurred. A dinner for two (me) was confused with a small bar bill or something (not me), so instead of whatever I was supposed to be charged, I was given a SUB 10$ bill. Instead of being a dick and causing someone to be docked or worse (fired), I brought it up so that I could pay what was right. - E
3	I hadn't been to a Hard Rock Cafe in at least 8 years.  I didn't even know they were still around.  One thing is certain, they haven't changed much and that's OK.  The menu is still standard American fare.  The best part is the memorabilia on the walls. Hardly anyone was there when we went for brunch on a Sunday, so we were able to wander around the restaurant and look at the stuff to our heart's content.My only beef was that they said they served breakfast/brunch but I didn't see any breakfast items on the menu.  Maybe we were too late, but doesn't brunch usually run until 2pm on Sundays?
3	*4 STARS for the patio view*Enjoyed an early lunch here. Best place to eat on a nice warm day is on the patio. Food was okay, nothing out of the ordinary, but good enough to satisfy our hunger.  Can't really give a full review on the food because all I ordered was their potato skins. Again, pretty average...
3	3.5 STARSCame here for a little get together for my company over the weekend. We had a private room on the third floor as a get together and served buffet style!GRUB*Tex-Mex Salad (okay)*Asian inspired Salad (pass)*Mash Potatoes (yum!)*Mac & Cheese (uber yum!)*Pulled Pork + Dinner Rolls (yum!)*BBQ Chicken (okay)SERVICE+ Awesome service from staff members! Thank you for tending to everyone's drink requests!The facility was clean and the set up was quite nice. I wouldn't mind recommending a group party here if you're looking for a venue! It's on the strip and nearby the MGM!
4	Had a get together for a friend.  I had the chicken Marsala, and the hubby had ribs.  The food was decent, and fairly priced, but the service was excellent.Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and just plain awesome.  For example, I accidentally ordered a non-alcoholic drink, and asked for a shot of rum to add to it.  She brought me an entirely different drink.  That's gutsy.  But she made a good assessment of the drink I ordered and made a decision about what I might like.  Good choice, and great observation.  The manager came by to check on us.  On his second check, a person at our table realized he didn't like his meal to no fault of the cafe, he just didn't like it.  His meal was promptly replaced, and offered a free shot.  Also, our sever handled our moderately sized party with grace and speed.  Kudos!
4	This review is for the place as a venue. I've been here before for a Yelp elite event and Motley Brews, but I caught a show ( ill.gates - church of bass) here recently. This HRC is one level retail, second a restaurant and the third floor is a music venue. I  like that it's a decent sized but still intimate. There's a large patio if you want some air as well which has a nice view of the whole strip. I am a old crab and in the back by the bar is a raised area with seating. I can't do this whole standing and squashed onto people type business anymore so when there is seating, I am way more happy. Sound is pretty good in here but depends on the setup can get loud in a small space. It was a fairly decent place for a beer fest, given that it wasn't too busy but this can be a clusterfuck if it was double the amount of people. Overall, good non club venue for music. (Yelp 100 Challenge 4/100)
3	The waitress was really good and I liked the atmosphere but the meal was quite pricey. I wouldn't have minded if the food had tasted better but but me and my wife thought the taste of the food was average at best.
4	i like how this place messed up my order but i was too hungover to realize. ended up getting 2 hamburgerz for da price of 1 ;) barely finished the first one so i took the other one, to-go. saw a bum outside so i gave it to him. the end.drinks was amazing and got a souvenir cup! great customer service!!!i think they messed up my order on purpose lol
3	The food was good.  This is what you would expect at a place like this.  They decorated with what you would expect in a place called Hard Rock Cafe.  It was just way too loud to hear anything.  After 30 minutes in the place, I felt like my head was ringing.  It is kind of hard to enjoy the food when you have a speaker over your head on full volume.  For the love of god, someone lower down the volume!!!
3	The breakfast burrito was great!  The coffee was great!  The service was slow, and inatentive...
3	First time here, when you walk in they take your picture in front of a hard rock back drop, during your meal they find you with the printed pic of your group and ask if you  would like to purchase the 5X7 and two 4x6s for $20, kind of a rip of but assuming a lot of people do it.  Margaritas were good, about $15, at the end of your meal they give you your receipt and you go to the store downstairs and you get a "free" monogrammed margarita glass.. Kinda cool if you care about something like that?   The hamburger that they are supposedly known for kinda sucks.  The patty looks/tasted like it was microwaved and wasn't medium like we ordered it was def well done. The main reason we came here was the awesome outside seating and view of the strip! Def was a plus. Other than that beers were fairly priced and was a good time?
3	This was my first time at a hard rock cafe and I thought the concept was pretty cool. The food was decent; my hash browns were very good (but also full of bacon bits and onion).
5	Good food. I highly suggest the jumbo combo for your appetizer. The grilled chicken was amazing, really good charred taste. The general manager Greg brought us shots to our table which was really, it shows he cares and his customers. Our server Joy was also awesome as well, she took really good care of us. If you want good food and good customer service I highly suggest this place.
3	It was alright, there was a big menu but much of it was the samey samey.
4	Stopped in for dinner and ended up sitting at the bar because it was packed! Ordered some appetizers and got 2 dollar drafts because it was during a march madness game. That alone was worth it! Our bartenders Todd and Sunshine were great and gave us some good of strip locations to go to after dinner! I will definitely head back this way when I'm in town again.
4	Our food was delicious and the service was great! I enjoyed the California Chicken Club Sandwich and my friend had their Classic Macaroni and Cheese. Our waitress was very nice and we even received 20% off with our concert tickets to the show that night! My only complaint is that the menu is pricey but otherwise what a nice restaurant to stop by for dinner before seeing a live music show :)
4	Purple haze ask for it.
4	so we went here on a deal we heard of and a recommendation from a friend. I am so glad we did. My friend got a burger and said it was delicious. I got the cajun prawn pear salad and it was AMAZING!! We also sipped on some delicious mojitos.Our waitress was patient, friendly, and helpful. I will be back the next time I am in vegas for sure.It has been a long time since I had been in a Hard Rock and it was fun to see all the memorabilia. This is must do for some food on the strip.Cheers!
5	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I find it funny that this place is advertised on yelp under "Canadian" I am Canadian and the food is more American than it is Canadian, especially in portions, menu items and preparation. The food is so so, however, I'm in it for the museum aspect of it and the cool rock star casino chips that you can buy at the cash out booth. I like looking at rock memorabilia. I am a bit of a music junkie to be honest, therefore, seeing cool guitars, costumes etc is a cheap free entertainment aspect on the strip. It's not actually on the Strip but slightly on the outskirts, almost a 20 minute walk. Our waitress was friendly and the prices were decent for what it was.
4	Enjoyed a burger and margarita on their outside patio on a lovely early April Las Vegas Day.  Burger was cooked to perfection and the margarita was fantastic!  Service was attentive and friendly.  Would return!
5	Sangria is nice...
1	Breakfast is gross. Like airplane food. I can't believe it!
5	I came here for a show.  The 10 year reunion of Finch's album "What it is to burn"The Hard Rock gets 5 stars for hosting this show.  But really, if I could Yelp rate Finch I would give them the five.  Love this band, this show really took me back.  Sound was great!  Two days later and the hearing in my left ear is still not quite right.The venue was small, not even a 1000 at capacity.  There were several hundred here for the show.  Good for getting up close.
1	We were greeted promptly and our picture taken . We were seated outside on the Patio , the waiter was having a great time with the table next to us . Then another couple came in and was seated . Waitress came over promptly and took there order . We waited 15 mins and no service! We left , we figure business must be pretty good that they let one get away ! Great disappointment !
5	I can only speak of the third floor concert venue, so you're on your own if you decide to actually eat at their restaurant. Godspeed!It's definitely a good place to check out a show, particularly if it's general admission, as ours was. There will be confusion when you arrive and try to decide where they woud possibly have a concert in this damned t-shirt shop. Fear not. Walk to the back of the t-shirt shop and go up the stairs. The line will form beginning at the top of those stairs at second floor level (the restaurant).Once the "doors" open, you'll move up another flight to the 3rd floor venue.If the show is 21+ you *must* have ID. Yes, even you, you old son of a bitch. Even you. There's a pretty intense search, then you're in.I hope your fellow audience members are as chicken shit as ours were. Most of them lingered in the back by the bar and windows, leaving the entire floor open for the taking. We opted to take about 15 square feet touching the stage, right in front of the lead singer's microphone. We saw Psychedelic Furs this night. I posted a pic taken from our piece of land. Pretty darned impressive! I never thought I'd have Richard Butler sweat on me, but I'll be damned if that didn't happen. The chicken shits soon realized, "oh, hey, it sure would be cool to be down there in front" and they tried to commandeer our space. No way, chumps.Good acoustics. I wouldn't hesitate to see another show here.
5	Pretty good happy hour
4	A very nice waitress, very good food.We were all recovering from the previous night (in Vegas, go figure), so we all needed a lot of water.  The waitress was kind enough to bring us a pitcher of water when one became available and was very sweet.Of the four people in the party, three of the meals were delicious: blackened chicken pasta (x2) and a legendary burger.  The fourth, a veggie burger was "not good".  Otherwise, a fine way to spend an afternoon.
5	Awseome place with great food and awsome music. Especially like the ribs here.
4	Very good but cold when i received my food...
3	They bartender made a bomb Bloody Mary the female one not so much. The draft was frozen =0(
4	We stopped in here after a long day of shopping on the strip.  The food was great, but the service was WONDERFUL!!!  The waiters/waitresses are very personable and will bend over backwards to make you happy.  I would definitely go back.
3	Speaking as a vegetarian.  I felt that they didn't have enough options for me.  I was limited to like 3 items.  Boring!  It is a super spacious restaurant.  We sat close to the window, great view.Our waiter always had this smile going on.  I knew it was fake, but it made me smile every time he came by our table.  Contagious.  There are a few celebrity props encased behind glass.  My guess that is the perk of all Hard Rock Cafes?  So I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here as a vegetarian, sorry Hard Rock.  You need to learn from The Yard House, bring in more veggie items.
1	We are in Vegas for the first time and naturally, we wanted to eat at Hard Rock Cafe. We  signed in OK, when our pager light up, we went up to the hostess stand expecting to be seated.  No, that was just to tell us to stand in a different spot. I have a hard time standing so I had given up my seat while waiting, If we knew we had to wait again, I would have stayed where I was!! Then we passed up several empty tables and booths to be seated in the back by the kitchen.  They then took forever before our waiter came over and another 30 minutes to get our sodas and lemonade. Then it was an hour before we got our food.  At one point, our waiter did come over and we were talking to him and the people at the next table called him and he turned around and waited on them.  We were mid sentence and he left us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That was so incredibly rude!!!!  Then when the other table left and they were cleaning off the table, the busboy stacked the glasses so high that the bottom glass shattered from the pressure.  There was glass all over and they only cleaned up part of it, my husband was trying to point out more glass and they obviously DID NOT like it being pointed out.  So he got up to go find the manager and told him what all was going on. He did come by our table for about 2 seconds and said he would go check on our food. That obviously upset the kitchen.  One son ordered a BBQ bacon burger and it was so dry and bland (no BBQ sauce on it and burger itself was dry and flavorless) that he could not eat.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and it also was dry! I only ate about a quarter of it. My other son is usually ravenous and eats anything. I gave him half of my sandwich and he only took 1 bite and said no thanks.  Anyway, that gives you an idea of what we thought of the food.  And the table with the broken glass, well we kept pointing out where more glass was and they finally finished cleaning BUT there was still more broken glass under the table.  I hope that whoever sits at that table with sandals on and cuts there foot sees this so they know it was pure negligence on the part of the restaurant!!!!
5	I went here on my 31st birthday with my new boyfriend Dan. This trip was planned while I was in Iraq so it was super special. We didn't have a place planned to eat and it was not quite dinner time yet. With that said we got sat right away and had an amazing server. The food was also delicious. I had the fish and chips with teo long islands (birthday drinks) and I even got to take a souvenir glass and Dan had a burger. What is great about Las Vegas is if your not finished with your drink you can take it on the strip with you,  and that exactly what I did! This Hard Rock really has the best Rock 'n' Roll Memorabilia! While we didnt check any out they have shows as well. If you in Vegas and any kind of a music fan, which I am sure you are, check out this Hard Rock.
5	I have always wanted to eat here. I'm glad I finally made the effort.It is beautifully decorated and clean. All the staff was attentive and friendly.When we walked in we were greeted and offered to have our picture taken with the Hard Rock backdrop, which we did. Seated immediately, and our waitress was there quickly to get our drink order and came back with them to take our order.Everyone's food and drinks were fabulous. We had a very nice lunch and the price was well worth the food and excellent service! I had the Avocado Salad, my niece has an avocado sandwich, my daughter and her boyfriend both had burgers. Again, all the food was delicious!I recommend everyone put this place on your to do list the next time you go to Vegas. Enjoy all the memorabilia they have all over the walls, the music and videos they play that brings back memories and be sure to stop in their gift shop before you leave!
5	Everyone was super nice from the hostesses to the server! Food was great. They have an outdoor patio with a view of the strip great to people watch. The margaritas were kind of expensive at nearly $10 a drink but they are strong so well worth it.
2	Went for lunch around 11 am on a Saturday. Not too busy. Sat at the bar. No one approached us for the first 5 min or so. Finally the bartender,  Anthony,  took our order. However,  it took 40 minutes for our food to arrive. A manager came by to ask how we were doing. When we said we were still waiting for our food,  he said he didnt ask to hear us complain. After asking about our food twice,  Anthony finally brought it and didnt apologize or comp a drink or anything. It left a really bad taste in my mouth. Wont be going back.
4	Good food. Friendly staff. Memorabilia wasn't that great - my teenage daughter had never heard of most of them. Tip: Kids eat free sometimes, but you have to ask your server about it.
2	Bf and I dined at the Hard Rock Cafe on 8/20/13.  The service is blameless.  We ordered the ribs, which was very dry and even brittle in some areas.We enjoyed being here on a week night.  We came to Vegas for MAGIC.  The Hard Rock Cafe was not as crowded.
5	I went here with my parents (Hi Guys!) and Wife (stop looking at me like that) and had a great time, the service was A-MAZ-ING and the food was nice, I think we were getting a little sick of burgers by then and needed a break.
5	Gorgeous restaurant, great view. Had a rockin' good time!
3	The server was attentive but getting the food was a little slow. The chicken nachos were awesome and the burgers were flavorful and cooked to perfection.
5	Cool place with great memorabilia right on the strip. A can't miss when visiting Vegas, or for a locals party
3	Breakfast is delicious, beware when they hand you "complimentary dough bites with strawberry sauce".  They're beyond stale and nasty.  Would go back for their food and service!
5	My bucket list is to attempt to visit all HRC locations!!  So, I'm now crossing off Las Vegas location!I'm a big fan of the franchise and music, however, this location did not live up to its representation or as compared to other cafes.
3	Darn, I apparently missed the Yelp check in deal, because none showed up when I checked in!  Boo hoo!   But, it's okay, we were there for breakfast on a free gift card from our lodging location.  Did you know Hard Rock Cafe had breakfast??  I didn't even realize it until I got the gift card!  But, we ended up skipping the breakfast items and went straight for some comfort food after a hard night of drinking the night before!I had the potato skins and they were pretty good.  You know potato skins are hit and miss, sometimes delish and other times nasty, these were good, some of them better than others and a fair amount of toppings (cheese bacon and onions) on top, served with sour cream.  It hit the spot though.The husband had chicken tenders with spicy sauce and he did not complain.Our server was friendly and attentive and we were in and out pretty quick.  I'm a big fan of the Hard Rock locations because I LOVE the memorabilia, so I took a few minutes to walk around and peek at the goodies on the walls.  Good stuff and a good visit.  Will totally go back, especially since this location is just around the corner from my time share.
3	Decent food and drinks for happy hour took my boyfriend it was his first time. The wall  screen touch wall wasnt working so that sucked also this Hardrock was bland nothing like the one in Los Angeles. Waitress was nice big bar but it just didnt feel like a music restaurant at this location
1	This is for their NYE party.  Should have just walked around on the strip.  What a huge waste of money!  They had 1 hour of watered down red bull and vodka.  The set up was standing around unless you paid $800-$2400 for a table for 4.  This gave you a bottle of liquor and champagne.  They supposedly had hors d'oeuvres but all I ever saw was a empty plate come quickly by with the cranky employee carrying it.   The so called champagne toast was BS - they only gad enough for half of the guest and even came out too late with it anyways.  Regardless of the cost if you do something do it right!  The HR Cafe showed they only do things half a55!  Don't waste your money here as it will be better spent elsewhere!
1	We had dinner there last night for my birthday. The waiter was not attentive at all. We were waiting for about 25 minutes before I finally flagged one down & asked him to wait on us. Then he stood behind me as I tried to ask him questions about the menu. I had to tell him I to come around because I couldn't twist anymore and I was uncomfortable.Throughout the meal, we had to keep looking for him. He never once came to the table to ask if we needed anything. I told him that we needed to split the bill bc we had a large party. He brings the bills and put someone else's food on my bill. I brought this to his attention so he could correct it & he brought me back the same bill. I just paid the bill bc I was tired of dealing with him. Probably some of the worst service I've had ever. Asides from that, everything was a bit overpriced. I know it's off the strip but nothing was so phenomenal that was worth the high prices. The only thing that was good was the band.
3	We went to HRC in Las Vegas.  I guess it has been moved from the hotel to the strip which a very large two story facility's.  One of the largest I have ever been to.  If you sit outsie, do not sit outside around 3pm as the sun will be right in your face.  The staff as usual was absolutly terrific.  Very friendly and great to deal with.  The food was the usual ok.  We had the BBW three plate sampler.  A little over done, a little not done, typical HRC food.  You go there for the atmoshere, the scene, the pins and all things HRC!  It is awesome is is now on the strip!  :)
5	Had a nice time here. No wait at front. Seated us right outside on balcony. Staff was nice and friendly. Got out food very quick. Was nice and hot. Price was great. Will definitely come back again!
5	A group of friends and I visited the Hard Rock Cafe on the way to a party hosted upstairs in the bar.  Megan was our server and she is also known as Jacked & Tan.  I orderd the Chop Salad to get some healthy food in my system before a night of flipcup. The service was quick for a Thursday night. The employees have a great sense of humor.  I should mention that it was pretty cold sitting outside at 7:30pm on a Thursday in October.  The weather was a little cooler than previous years and while it looks nice to set outside in the evening, if you are from Southern California be sure to bring a sweater.  An hour or so later, I had polished off the salad and it was a good time to grab a beer and watch the band for the night.  Definitely a great place to have an event at, enjoy some food, make some new friends at, and skip the club drama.
4	Well it was a little over priced but for a metalhead it's like candyland.You get to see the guitars of Steve Vai, Van Helen,Steve Howe,Paul Stanley and so many more.And the bartender was one of coolest guy ever.Travis, you are pretty awesome. As it was our first time in Vegas and we asked him to  let us know about some place where we can pick up girls. And he wrote down 3-4 clubs for us. And even gave us complimentary drinks. Thumbs up for Travis.Though one thing i didn't understand, Why the hell there was a Britney Spears' mannequin in the hardrock cafe ??Regards from Badass Beard Brothers from India.\m/
4	I honestly was not expecting much coming here, just a typical burger place. Our wait time was about 5 min and we got the best server ever! Thanks for the great service Amy!! I got the tangy wings and omg I wanted to lick the plate they were so good!! My husband got a burger that he said was good not great.
3	The salads, as always here are bountiful and delicious. However, I have to give this place a three out of five stars because when I got my receipt, the section on suggested gratuity was circled and the text was highlighted in purple. No other Hard Rock Cafe I've been to seemed to beg for tips like that. It was almost like the server was assuming I wasn't going to tip at all, which seemed odd to me.
1	This place was pretty nice and clean but the service needs to be improved. My wife daughter and I walked in to have dinner. The greeter asked how many in our party. I said 3 and they said ok we will put you in the back. Didn't understand why we were being buried in the back and I felt somewhat insulted. Not worried about it because I will never go here again. This is why I am writing this to make sure that none of my friends or fellow yelpers get hosed like I did. It gets better so please read on. Shortly after being seated our waiter Larry showed up and seemed very nice. My wife ordered a water, my daughter ordered a pink lemonade and I ordered a Guinness. Larry was slick with pressuring my wife to order a frozen drink. I noticed that on the menu you could ask the waiter about purchasing a pint glass or a hurricane glass for an additional fee. we were never offered if we even wanted to purchase the glasses. Larry decided that we needed them. When I ordered my meal I ordered The Texan. I ate the meal and it was not that bad. Larry was helpful and courteous. Then I got the bill and found that I was charged the 17.50 super sized price for the meal vs the 13.50 price that I noticed was on the menu. I didn't ask nor was I offered the super sized meal for the 17.50 price. Larry was slick again and had gotten over on me. I had not noticed anything at this point on the check. Larry tried to get us to have dessert but we passed on it. Larry had asked me to do a customer survey as he gets great feedback from his job. I assured him that I would give him feedback. He also sat at our table and tried to explain something else to us about a menu item that was not on our table. we declined to have it and Larry said I just had to tell you about it because I always forget.This Larry guy basically got over on us and made us pay for things that we really didn't want. I could have gone back up stairs and made a scene but I figured I would just tell everyone what they did to me and hope that no one else gets taken. I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!! I am sure that his company makes him do these things to people and this is why you must go down stairs to pay for your meal. They are a sneaky and they got me this once. Never again!! FK U HARD ROCK!!
2	All about being a tourist, not someone who wants to relax and grab something to eat. First they herd you over for a washed out picture, which they try to sell you for $20.00 later, then if your lucky they sit you down.New waiter in training was awesome, the establishment let not only me down but his hard service.1. My fork had food remaining on it from previous patron.2. FF right out of the refrigerator ????????????3. Head manager who is in his own world, then after I brought it to the immediate managers attention, I was offered free desert; "are you serious?" Lastly we were looking for a good lace to grab a late night snack the previous evening, they closed early for lack of Patrons? what does that tell you about this place?Totally disappointed
1	The staff was nice and the environment is nice. What is the problem then? Ate there yesterday and today 2 from my party is sick Including myself. We both ate the NY strip steak.
5	My husband and i came in to have a couple of drinks, had an awesome bartender Joey. He gave us awesome customer service and great recommendations on drinks. We decided to stay for dinner. Had the fajitas, which were amazing. Also had the Oreo cheese cake. But what made our night was the great customer service from the staff. Ask for Joey the bartender, you well be in great hands.
1	Avoid On the Las Vegas Strip there are a multitude of dining establishments. This is one of the worst that we have eaten at. This is the epitome of the Las Vegas tourist trap.Drinks are delightfully strong. Probably to get people buzzed enough to overlook that poor food.The establishment itself is clean, but very loud, very expensive. The food quality is not worth the prices charged. Once past the hostess stand and give-me-money-to-take-your-picture trap the service is okay. Not spectacular but competent. This place is not worth the time or the money. There are far better places to eat on the Strip.
3	Dined here for a late lunch on a Friday. Had about a 5 minute wait. Our waitress was great, she was really friendly and engaging. I ordered the raspberry mint lemonade and it was very good, super refreshing. My husband and I split the chicken ceasar salad and the nachos. The salad was good, I would have liked more dressing but it was still tasty. The nachos are HUGE. Definitely something you could split among 3 or 4 people. They come with cheese, queso sauce, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalepenos and sour cream. We also had a side order of guacamole added to them. They are really good. Down side is that the cheese hardens after the first few minutes and it seems to get cold very fast so eat quickly! Overall it was a good meal.  When we go back to Vegas we won't eat here again, it was good, just nothing that makes me want to ensure a stop there upon our next visit.
4	Had to stop in here while in Vegas. We only wanted the avocado spring rolls that we've eaten all over the world and unfortunately, they no longer serve it at this HR. So we just got a beer and continued our walk. Cool place inside. Love seeing all the different HR's.
2	Oh my... I hate having to give a bad review, but the food here was not good at all. I give the 2 stars for the service, as our server was very attentive. The atmosphere is fun, the location is great, but the food is just overpriced yuck. My husband said it was probably the worst meal he's had in Vegas. He had a pulled pork sandwich with his side dishes put in ramekins, more size suited for condiments. I'd ordered chicken wings and a side of fries. My chicken wings tasted like extra salty hotdogs. Not sure how that happened? Our kids had mac&cheese, and a kids cheeseburger. The cheeseburger looked fine, but my daughter wouldn't eat it because of the char grill. She's like Hank from 'King Of The Hill'  - wants to "taste the meat, not the heat."   I can say with sincerity that I will not be back. Looks like a cool enough bar though. Stop for a drink, but pass on the food. There are so many better choices out there!
3	Visiting Las Vegas for the first time and decided to stop in for some food as I was walking the strip. My sister ordered the chicken wings. Those were pretty good. I ordered the nachos however, and those were very bad. I added chicken to the order but I think that made it even worse. There was a funky taste that wasn't so pleasant. And they add some weird green sauce on top (I don't think it was guacamole though). I definitely wouldn't order them again. I've had my fair share of nachos; these were the worst. Service was good though. Very friendly waitress (crystal). I would probably go back but I would definitely stick to something else on the menu.
5	Amazing customer service!  Everyone was so friendly and hilarious!  The food was incredible, probably the best burger I have ever had in my life. All of of really enjoyed the food and the music too. Great place to eat on the strip!
2	Really substandard quality in here.  Having eaten in many restaurants in Vegas, I felt I got cheated by coming here.  Service was friendly, but the food was not the star.
5	Love coming to Hard Rock on the strip, we usually get the Legendary Burger which is awesome but they recently added some great dishes to the menu. I was a bit nervous trying something different cause the burgers always hit the spot but our waitress was raving about the new Brisket sandwich, it was absolutely fantastic. It was full of flavor with a small side of baked beans, really good. My wife also tried something different, she got the baby arugula salad which she loved! It was huge with sliced chicken and a nice mixture of veggies. We were very happy that we tried the new items. Just a week ago we dropped in for dinner and had some room for dessert. The staff mentioned that the Banana Split was awesome so we ordered it and WOW! It was delicious! We were not expecting that, the presentation was great! Definitely the best Banana split we have had. To top it off the service at HRC is first class, from hosts, waitresses to servers all the way up to Management, I've interacted with them all and they do a really a good job of providing excellent service. Can't forget the (( MUSIC! )) Always cool watching some throwback music videos and grubbin! Hard Rock Rocks!
5	Food was fantastic and so was the view. We sat outside on the second floor of the Hard Rock. Great view. The food was excellent and the drinks were strong. I had the shrimp fajitas which were cooked to perfect. It came with onions and peppers, guac, sour cream, salsa and tortillas. I also had the strawberry mojito. My friend had the beef and chicken fajita and she said it was very flavorful. She had a coconut mojito. My other friends had the hurricane and a raspberry rita. I can't remember what they had but they enjoyed it. Our waiter was excellent, never hovering, but always there to refill our drinks.
2	I bought a vouncher at Tix4Tonight which gives you 20% off.  I didn't realize it would be good only for this location until after I bought it.  Hubby and I just ordered burgers and the potato skins appetizer.  The potato skins were really good.  The burgers disappointed though.  It wasn't really the taste, but they came out cold.  I touched my bacon, cold, then lifted up my burger and touched the middle, cold, not even luke warm.  Not cool at all, but I am not a whiny complaining person and I didn't want someone's spit in my burger if I sent it back so I just ate it.  Hubby's burger was cold too, I didn't touch it so I can't comment on whether or not it was lukewarm or like mine.  Our waitress was ok, took a while for her to come to our table when we first sat down, she seemed very busy.  The place was semi busy on a Saturday night.  We got seated right away and the restaurant was very clean.  If I came back, it wouldn't be by choice, I will stick with the Hard Rock location on Harmon and Paradise.  We had much better food that was actually hot and excellent service there.
4	You know, when you are wondering up and down the strip about 9pm trying to find somewhere to eat, the glowing lights of the Hard Rock are a welcoming sight.We were drawn like moths to a flame.And there we were seated, we wanted outside and then I froze so they moved us inside with only a wee bit of pouting from the outside waiter dude.Inside was a lot warmer, quite. To the point that we shared some chicken wings that were perfect - especially with the dipping sauce. Great entree, however it could have easily have been a main meal for us both!We couldn't get through the last wing so we left it and advised the waiter that we left it for him. As his tip. Good thing he laughed with us instead of getting snarky.I got the Texan burger, which was huge and oh soooooooooo very delish. Granted by this time we were already into our 2nd cocktail so everything was great!When we paid we were advised that we could pick up our cocktail glasses from the counter downstairs... Wait! What?That's right lovelies, they forget to mention that you earn yourself a nice little memento from getting drunk on cocktails!! WIN! (and to make this even better it made it all the way back to Sydney without breaking, double win!)All in all, great food... great booze and waiters that laugh with you.
5	Our server, Michael, was super friendly and very helpful.  Our food was delicious. Pulled pork BBQ sandwich for my husband and pulled BBQ chicken for me both became with fries, baked beans and a citrus coleslaw. We shared a side salad and that was more than enough food. We didn't realize the portions were so generous.Hubby had a Stella and I had a Strawberry Basil Lemonade which was just the right mix of tangy and sweetness and totally refreshing.
1	There for 10 mins at the bar waiting for a drink and some appetisers, but no one seemed to be interested in serving us..... We literally had 3 bar staff walk past us in that time, my wife and I astonished that they pretended to play with the cash register and/ or check the ink in the pens rather then serve us.... I finally walked around the bar where there was a worker and asked him if there was any chance, he gave me a pretty poor excuse saying that it was shift change and that he would be with me when they were ready, didn't look up and give me eye contact, nor the time of day....... Well, no worries mate because I won't, and will be advising all my family and friends not to, step in to a hard rock again in their life...... Worse place I gave been to travelling the states...... If I could give 0 stars, I would.....
1	Had the nachopalooza with brisket, large portion but bland taste. Service was the worst part. Waitress never checked on us after bring served. Never again.
4	I've usually fared about average when it comes to food at any Hard Rock I've ever been to, so I wasn't waiting for high dollar cuisine. I ordered the "rockin' wings" and boy were they every bit of that name. They had a good punch to them and were cooked to perfection....I make some great wings at home which I will never divulge what goes on them - LOL - but these were so good, my wife even compared them to the ones from home and she never does that! i was definitely impressed and would love to order a larger size the next time I'm in town.The ambiance of sitting on the patio by the strip is a definite must if you're wiling to brave the Vegas breeze at night or the heat during the day. The nightlife is the best because of everything that's going on down below!
5	Awesome view, great food and music! I am fan now and will return to this place the next time I am in Vegas!
2	Went to Hard Rock Cafe for dinner tonight, food was ok but not great. Ended up not keeping it down...not eating here again
1	My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to eat here for lunch since it had a great view of the strip and was conveniently located to our hotel. The second we walked in, I was immediately turned off by how unprofessional the hostess was. Not only did she fail to welcome us, she also got mad when we asked to move seats because the sun was in our eyes. As we were sitting at our table waiting for our drinks to come, the table next to us had 6 people although it was only a table made for 4 people, a waitress came outside and made the extra 2 people leave and while walking away (right in front of me) rolled her eyes and started cussing to her other coworker about how stupid those customers were. Throughout my entire meal, I saw at least three employees cussing and saying negative things about the customers at the restaurant. This is absolutely ridiculous - I have never seen such unprofessional employees in my life. I was even scared that I would get talked poorly about in order to ask where the bathroom was. I will never go back here or any other Hard Rock Cafe restaurants.
4	On par food wise with other hard rock locations. Really nice to find some patio seating right on the strip! We were there for breakfast and the prices were much more reasonable than I expected, $12 or so per meal. Don't know that I would go again, now that I've been, but an enjoyable meal.
4	You know the drill. Like McDonald's, Hard Rocks are all the same. This particular one stood out due to the manager (and if that's not who you are, you should be!). We were at the bar, watching videos. He stopped by to comment on the Def Leppard video, saying how they didn't make them like that anymore. I shared that I had taken my grown kids to see them last summer, with Poison. Off he went. A couple of minutes later, he was walking by and said 'this one's for you'. It was Poison! Thanks for making our experience special.
4	On our last night in Vegas our group of 8 went here and had a great meal.  We ordered two of the jumbo combo's to start, then I and a few others on the table had the New York Strip Steak, both were a good size.  I have had much better steaks for less though, so I will mark it down slightly.The service was very attentive and friendly, I hope they are like that no matter the group size.The atmosphere was lively (which was a good point) due to the number of people in, and music videos playing.
3	Not bad, not great. Worth it if you have guests in from out of town. the atmosphere and decor is impressive. Lots of music memorabilia. Seating can be a bit tight.
4	We ate here on a Saturday morning when they were short on staff. The 4 people that were working did an excellent job taking orders and getting food out in a reasonable amount of time - even if they had to run!As for the food; nothing really stood out, but it was pretty good. I would eat there again just because it's nice to see employees care about their job and their customers!
2	Todd was a terrible bartender and ignored us the entire time we were at the bar.  He seemed to be very friendly to everyone else but walked by us each time.
5	By far the best Hard Rock experience I have ever had. The service was phenomenal. I had the smokehouse ribs and bbq chicken and they were great. My wife had the twisted mac and cheese. All together it was a great experience and we will return from time to time.
1	Crappy bar service. Stand there for 15 minutes. The bartender nods to me. But then he sits and chills with the other bartender with the waitress and flirting while we are waiting on drinks. Finally a bartender comes back from the restroom and serves us as the same too bartenders are flirting and laughing with the waitress. Plus the one bartender was sitting there and joking, yet drinking. Maybe he was off the clock. But then get from behind the bar when many patrons were waiting to order and being ignored. Last time I visit this bar....
5	Touristy, yes... tourist trap? No. As far as touristy places go, this particular Hard Rock wins. I can't remember the last time we had such great service. Like, anywhere. Not only was our waitress phenomenal, informed, helpful and friendly, the manager even came by and had very personable, genuine conversation. We had Four adults and four kids, including two infants, and yet they still treated us like stars (yay!) They brought out a huge dessert after we had paid, just because. ?! I've never seen something like that. Oh, and one of my kids wanted an egg to eat, and they actually just fried up one (which wound up being three, I think) for her. A lot of places won't do that (sad, but true.) So I'll spare you the description since I'm sure most people are aware of what Hard Rocks are like, but you can definitely count on great service and good food (the kids meals were fantastic too.) With all the potentially horrendous tourist experiences in Vegas, this is a sure bet. Highly, highly recommended!!
3	Great balcony to party on with a view of the Strip!Full bar and concert stage. Rock music, open bar, free eats, and partying like a boss during a company event!Store on bottom level with all kinds of Hard Rock merchandise. You have to leave down a staircase that exits through this store. It's like Disney World when you exit a ride. They lure you in to suck money from your wallets on all kinds of shirts and souvenir items. It's near the World of Coca Cola and not anywhere near the Hard Rock Casino which does confuse people. It's right on the Strip. Was here recently for a client sponsored event. Tons of free food (bbq chicken, salads, mac & cheese, dessert station, etc) that were actually pretty tasty. Seems like the food is pretty decent here. Spacious stage area and concert floor. Cool memorabilia and posters on the walls. Large bar area with a nice selection of tap and canned/bottled beer.I drank Dos Equis all night on the balcony overlooking the neon lights of the Strip and felt like The Most Interesting Man In The World!
5	Really good, love Hard Rock. I was there last week. I ate there everyday.
5	Was in town with my aunt who won a trip to Vegas and we had lunch here.  The staff and manager were over the top friendly and even had a tour of the facility.  Would definately recommend this spot for a bite to eat and for great service.
1	This is the worst Hard Rock ever.  Our server did not know what the word means and had a hard time finding our table back.  We got the only thing we wanted, a t-shirt and will not be back.
3	I took my son here for dinner. The hostesses are not very friendly, abrupt actually. After a long wait we were seated. The waitress was very friendly and the burgers were great. The food is extremely overpriced which was annoying.
3	The location of this hard rock couldn't be better! We flew in and wanted to get a good meal in before our camping trip at Zion. We sat for an extended amount of time before we were even greeted at our seat. Finally, when another waitress noticed us looking around, she found someone to wait on us. Thankfully, our waiter was great. He went above and beyond to make our experience at the restaurant good! We needed extra chips for the spinach artichoke dip - no big deal! The bartender accidentally made an extra mojito, and our waiter brought it to our table to try instead of throwing it out! I asked for light on my dressing for my grilled shrimp ceasar salad, but it was definitely not light! Heavy on the dressing. I would recommend just getting it on the side. I gave a lack of star for the hair my friend found in her chicken chopped salad - otherwise she said it tasted great.To finish our visit off on a good note, our waiter comped us a vanilla fudge Sundae with a cherry on top. I applaud his effort.
4	I love Hard Rock Cafe!  Any time I go anywhere my first thought is "is there a Hard Rock Cafe here?". We always have the best service at the Hard Rock, no matter which one it is. The employees seem to genuinely love working there, it shows in their service and attitude. The food is good but not anything out-of-this-world, even though it is enjoyable. Overall its just a great place to go and have a nice meal and great service.
5	Kyle was a wonderful server! The food was delicious and the service unmatched! Thank you Kyle for making our "not so great night" wonderful! Viva Las Vegas! Hard Rock style
4	The macaroni and cheese was the best! it had bacon in it!!
1	I went to las Vegas on vacations with my friend en we decided to have lunch in this location,  the ambience is nice, great decoration and style! The hostess was way too nice and sat us down immediately!  We ordered two of their burgers and they were delicious! The reasoon of my one star for this restaurant was the real bad service provided by our waitress Pixie, she literally has the worst attitude ever! If you ask her something about the menu she goes and make dirty faces! If she doesn't like being asked she shouldn't be working in customer service staff. I'm a waiter too and part of our job is to make people welcome in our pad! This lady has nothing but a serious problem of attitude!
5	I had the pleasure of being served by Alyssa and Ashley both ladies were extremely helpful. We got our food in no time! And the breakfast I ordered was AMAZING! If you go be sure to try the Tropical Pineapple Express! It's a little pricey but you are in Vegas. What isn't right?
3	Where other Themed restaurants fail, The Hard Rock Cafe keeps doing it right. The food is great, the atmosphere is unique (its just like all the other HRCs) but his particular visit was more about the service than the food or atmosphere. It has been awhile since I have eaten at a Hard Rock and I have never eaten at this one on the strip. This particular visit was in June 2014.The day was hot my friends...110+ but since I had just endured one of the coldest winters up in Canada (Temps of -50) I opted to sit on the patio...it was a good idea at first, but after about twenty minutes I was hurting and the water service was lacking.  That is the only reason for 3 stars, but it's Vegas for crying outloud and it should be just common sense to keep checking on the water even though I was drinking beers at the same time...I ended up only getting one water in all that time. The waitress who took my order was great at taking the original orders, but the follow through was lack luster. She brought me the original beer and water that I asked for, but then I never saw her again...not even to receive the bill. After waiting and waiting...(there were other patrons on the patio, but I seemed to be in the twilight zone) I had to go to the bathroom. So I went. When I came back, the big guy at the door was looking at me a little sternly and then the waitress came up to me...shes like, "Oh there you are, we thought you took off". I was like WTF, why would they say that...you don't come to the table to check on my food, refill my water or beer and then you act like I am a dasher! Needless to say the tip was about as stellar as the service. When I left I gave the guy a return glare. I should have talked to the manager, but I was honestly too perturbed to deal with excuses. TIP: If you want patrons to pay the bill, give them the bill, don't treat them like thieves when they go to the bathroom if you haven't given them a bill yet. It's Vegas, and I like the food there, which was great (Burger) but there are a lot of other places to go where they may treat you a little better. Once I paid the waitress said, "I didn't think you would just take off" to which I wanted to reply "I didn't think you would be such a shitty waitress" but I didn't because...well, I didn't think of it at the time :)Cheers
3	I have visited over thirty different Rock Cafe's throughout the world including the two franchises here in Las Vegas the location on the strip has a lot less memorabilia than the off strip location, however they do have live music from time to time. The food is standard to all locations and my favorite dishes the giant sampler for an appetizer with a rack of ribs as the main course always hits the spot. The drinks are fine and I rotate through a few favorites to obtain my collectors hurricane glass. The staff was ok not up to standards of the normal hard rock cafe's. The manager did make an effort to meet and greet with all the patrons so that was a plus.
1	Salmon was good. Drinks were too sweet. No candles for a birthday?  Please. Not coming back
4	Ahh, comforting to know that the HR Cafe is still there, located to and from the Airport.It seems like everytime I eat here I am either leaving or arriving LV.This particular time (9/8), I happened to be leaving. And once again, I find comfort in the welcoming service and delicious burgers. The place consistently provides above average, friendly service and great food.Seriously, if you are on your way to or from the airport, this is the place to stop.
3	My buddies and I were looking for breakfast outside of our hotel after putting back a few drinks the night before. We were going to hit the Denny's on the Strip, but the line was absurdly long and we had to be somewhere later that morning, so we popped into the Hard Rock Cafe since we saw that they had a breakfast menu.We went upstairs to the restaurant and were promptly seated out on the patio which has a great view of the Strip. It was another gorgeous day in Vegas and the sun was starting to really heat things up.We started the meal off in a very manly way - mimosas and cocktails. I wasn't originally going to get a big breakfast, but the chicken and biscuits were too tempting. A short wait later, our food arrived and it was apparent that the kitchen just thought I had ordered a biscuits and gravy as my chicken was quite absent. After waving down a waiter, he said he would take it back to the kitchen and get the chicken. Unfortunately, fried chicken isn't the quickest thing to get done on the fly, so by the time my plate came back, my friends were already done eating. Our waitress was great though, and was actually getting ticked off that the food was taking so long to come back. When it did finally arrive, it looked quite good with a good-sized piece of chicken on two country gravy-slathered biscuits. The golden brown batter was nice and crunchy, although the boneless chicken breast had a texture suggesting that it came from a freezer. The gravy was rich and hearty but the biscuits weren't so much the dense but flaky texture of a good biscuit, but closer to that of cake. It was odd. Not bad, just odd.My buddy whose birthday it was received a complimentary birthday sundae and a free glass as well, which was really cool, and the waitress knocked $5 off our bill for all the hassle. All in all, she was a champ.The food was kinda meh, but its a great location and the front end service was spot on. Swing on by, just not for the  biscuits.
3	We really like getting over a hangover with breakfast here, but some of the staff make you feel like cattle. Cassie, the hostess, was real rude, too rude to even hear our request of a table outside, overlooking the strip. When we realized they were going to seat us in a different table, and tried to bring it to her attention, she didn't listen, and kept directing us to the seater. All with a bad attitude. The food here is always good, and the servers are pros. Ashley, our server today, was attentive, and friendly. We sat at the bar to wait for our table and had some great bloody Mary's made by Sarah. Breakfast was good as always.
3	This place is MASSIVE, like seriously one of the largest restaurants in Vegas (on the strip). Its on the third floor I think and just go without a reservation, you will very very likely get a table. You can easily get lost in that place. Burgers are 15 bucks and very good and filling. They have truffle fries too and its all tasty. Other entrees like steak and stuff are more expensive obviously and average around high 20's to low 30's. I didn't really know what to expect from Hard Rock Cafe but it was a decent experience.
5	Last day in Vegas we finally get to do some sightseeing! Decided to have lunch at Hard Rock Cafe and it was pretty yummy and great entertainment! I had the grilled chopped salad and my husband had the legendary burger both yummy to eat!
5	Order the Big Kabluna,  Jumbo Combo and Texan.  Best food and atmosphere on the strip.
2	The place was pretty cool, but the food just tasted horrible. Not a fan and would not recommended this place  for people who only get a chance to eat at one or two restaurants while visiting. Try something different.
1	This a sports bar not a hard rock cafe.  Bad all around ... bad food, bad service, bad ambience (ie total sports bar)
5	5 star rating because of our waitress Amy. In all honesty probably the best server ive ever had, anywhere. Great service, great personality. She seemed to really enjoy interacting with our 8 month old the whole time we were there. To top it off she got us a complimentary dessert for my mom's 50th birthday and our wedding that day. Just an overall awesome experience, food was pretty good too.
5	Excellent food! Excellent service! Kelay aka Kyle is the best server! He answered all of our questions and gave us suggestions on what to order. He kept our drinks full and he promptly brought whatever we asked for. We were completely happy with our service and experience! Thank you!
5	Johnny B was our waiter and he was great!!!  Same for the manager.  Had a great time with great service!!!!
4	Walked in not expecting much from a chain restaurant like HRC, but I was actually quite surprised on how good the food was. Staff very friends and service was great. Fun atmosphere, with a great location and view of the strip. Worth checking out
1	The spinach dip was good but the burger was quite dissapointing and they burned the onion rings they charged me more for.  Service was also very slow
1	I have been going to hard rocks cafe all over the place, my wife going today, for a bite to eat, food was so so have had better, staff looked like they didn't really be there, one guy had to wear his sunglasses, and if your a pin trader FORGET about. I probably won't be back.
5	Located inside Hard Rock Live on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This is perfect place to have dinner before catching a show upstairs at the music venue. Try the burger of the month, it is usually quite insane, the one I had, was a burger with avocado, bacon and shrimp! The service is great and the prices reasonable for the strip. I should mention how much fun it is to check out all the music memorabilia hanging on the walls. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Service was great and food was also. Try the French Toast! And if you're a fan of fruity alcohol beverages, then you're in the right spot. Great view sitting outside also!
3	I thought I updated this, but I guess I didn't so here it goes....After my unfortunate experience, the manager messaged me and left me his contact information. When I contacted him, he apologized for the inconvenience and wanted more details. He explained that the waiter was new and promised to search for my receipt to review the charges. It took him about two days but he found my receipt  and issued me a partial refund for the items I was overcharged for. There was nothing he could do about my experience while it happened, because he was unaware of the situation, but he did what he could to rectify the situation. What more could I ask for?
2	We were looking for a laid back casual place to eat lunch on the Strip. We liked the Hard Rock at other places we've been (Orlando & San Francisco) so we figured we'd give it a try.It's the usual high prices of Hard Rock (ouch!).They take your picture before you can get a table. I really didn't appreciate this. We all looked like crap after a long day walking the Strip, and my daughter has some sensory issues that cause her to not like situations like that. I didn't like being forced into that. It would be nice if they *asked* if you wanted your picture, not corralled you into the picture station right after the hostess station. So after the picture taking, we then got hounded by our waiter to join some VIP club. No thanks, I'm here to eat. After we got hounded by the waiter, we got hounded by another girl who brought our pictures to our table and wanted us to buy them. Thanks but no thanks, they look awful and I'm dropping too much on dinner anyways. I really just wanted to be left alone to enjoy my meal, but I couldn't!I do like the Hard Rock atmosphere, with the music & the memorabilia.  The twisted mac n chicken n cheese was no where NEAR as good as the same meal I got in San Francisco. I don't know what went wrong there. For $20, it better be fabulous, and it just wasn't at all.
5	While in Vegas, I came here twice. The first time, was where the club crawl bus tour departed from, the club crawl was awesome by the way. The second time, we came here for a Jeezy concert, standing room only, it was soooooo hot, Jeezy was 2 hours late, but the concert was awesome.
5	This review is for a private party we had there on the 3rd floor, not the general restaurant.We hosted our company holiday party there this past week and the space is absolutely incredible.  sofa seating, a patio overlooking the strip, and a super helpful and knowledgeable wait staff.  The food was good enough given there were 160+ of us.  As far as a private place to host an event, this was top notch.
4	3.5 starsService took a tad long when we ate dinner but nothing too bad. Also was start of our bar crawl the following night so we started with drinks there. Nice atmosphere the outside seating has a beautiful view of the strip, it was cold when we went but would love to eat out there any other time. Worth a stop in if you pass by and hungry.
5	We had e great experience here our server was very kind and helpful.The food was great the drinks were fantastic I had no complaints about this restaurant.
4	New Years week, was in Vegas and wanted breakfast one day.  My favorite stop was closed (electrical problems), so was trying to find a good, non-buffet breakfast near MGM.  After going to a few places that were swamped, I ended up in Hard Rock.It was around 10AM and very empty.  Sat at the bar (huge bar, and there was one other couple).  Very surprised at the quality of breakfast.  Had a California omelet with bacon, good service, came out fast, and was much better than expected.  May go back again for breakfast.
