5	Wow! What a shocker this place was! To see some notable South Park Restaurant Faces, you know its gunna be good! I met a friend for what was supposed to be drinks at the bar. As I walked in, I noticed that Georges has really done well with the former Oceanaire space that just wasnt conducive to high volume. We sat at the bar as there were plenty of free chairs and were greeted kindly by barmen, James and Brandon. Brandon is a SouthPark staple who knows customer service and what his guests want! In no time, I had his newly created "Sassy" Martini, which was just that! Delish! My friend ordered her usual Chopin up, which proved to be as stiff as she likes them! We chatted as we looked at the menu and surroundings and just felt at home! I ordered a dozen Gigamoto Oysters which came with usual accompaniments for dipping and NO CRACKERS! This is a welcomed surprise, you have to eat the oyster with a fork and not a cracker! Amazing. They were fresh and firm, with that creaminess you get from anything with a "-moto". After the oysters, we ordered the Steak Tartare, Chicken Liver Pate, Goat Cheese Tarte, and Escargot (it was an appetizer night). The Appetizer menu had something for everyone. You can really tell that so much time and effort was taken to create this great menu! The Steak Tartare was some of the best ive had, the chicken liver was a perfect mix of creamy and firm (kinda like the oysters!). The Goat cheese didnt last long enough to review, but i hear it was good. The Escargot, in my opinion, was prepared the way it should be, SIMPLE. Butter, Garlic, Parsley, no salt. Let the snails and the butter do the work! Little balls of puff pastry topped each snail and offered an excellent texture contrast. Not one of the snails was gritty. I just think this dish was a triumph! Id say I was hard pressed to find a single thing critical about my visit to Georges and will Definitely be back to go after some entrees! A s we just sat at the bar, the decor was warm, inviting, and the staff was knowledgeable. With the amount of talent in the building, this place is sure to be sucessful. I cant wait for many more nights at the great restaurant. Helen will review it, and I will be sure not to listen.
5	Finally, Charlotte gets a decent French meal with terrific service. Second time in two weeks we've been there, the first was a nice romantic meal for two, the second was for three of us. Both times the food was top notch. Service the first time was impeccable, the second left something to be desired, but still better than most. In all  this is a great place destined to become a Charlotte institution.
4	Went there on a date night and wasn't disappointed! We've been looking for restaurants in Charlotte that remind us of the Northeast, and George's definitely fits the bill - stylish, casual, great menu and fun wine list. We sat outside, on the lovely patio that faces the common fountain (shared by Brio and Del Frisco's). The atmosphere really did feel a little bit Parisian, down to the small lights hanging from the awning to the wicker furniture. Really a lovely environment to have a french meal. We leveraged the house wine specials and had a carafe of the Sauvignon Blanc, excellent value and a good light white wine to start the evening. After a lot of debate, we settled on the green salad with dijon vinaigrette and the mussels in white wine. I've had a many renditions of this dish (including memorable versions in SF, Boston, and Spain). This was a very straightforward rendition, but the mussels were fresh and the broth was quite pleasant (and dippable). Salad had a bit too much dressing but was good otherwise. For our main meal I couldn't resist and order the steak frites (hanger steak with blue cheese butter). To me this dish is a true bistro test - if you can't cook a good piece of meat and make french fries, forget about making trout almondien or Beef Burgundy. The hanger steak was excellent, medium rare as ordered and clearly seared in a high heat environment. Fries were addictive (good sign) but over-salted. Oh yes, the blue cheese butter was as decedent as it sounds. My wife had the lobster ravioli special - 2 giant ravioli's made with 3 oz of lobster meat, served in a shrimp and tarragon sauce with a tomato coulit. Simply put, it was amazing - not a traditional bistro meal, but superb (and a great deal). For desert, we split the lemon tart - while the filling was very good and obviously fresh, the shell was slightly burned with really took away from the dish. Service was very well paced - some would say slow, but for those looking to enjoy their meal (and their company), it was just right. Our server was professional, gave us good suggestions, and wasn't obtrusive. Overall I'm really happy that this restaurant has opened and hope that folks visit often because we need more local places like this!
4	Came here with friends during restaurant week.  We sat under the canopies on the patio, which was very pleasant and warded off all threats of rain.  Between the three of us, we tried all three of the RW selections -- trout, chicken and braised short rib.  The corn and fava bean risotto appetizer that I had was truly delicious and the mixed green salad looked beautiful.  The short rib was maybe a little stodgy, but that's short rib for you.  It was well-prepared and tender.  The highlight of the meal was actually a pot de creme with almonds that two of us tried for dessert instead of the more stereotypical chocolate mousse (also good).  Service was attentive but not overwhelming.  The regular menu looked interesting -- yet another place in town to get a big tasty pot of mussels, although it's going to be hard for them to surpass Lulu and Fran's on my "favorite mussels" list.
4	After reading all the reviews on Yelp I decided to give this place a try w/a friend of mine after a movie on Saturday.  I also was able to get a $25 off certificate from restaurant.com for $2 so that also helped convince me it was a good idea.Our reservation was for 6:30 but we got there at 6 to an almost empty dining room, so we decided to have a drink at the bar first.  The bar staff was great, they introduced themselves, informed us of the martini of the day and helpfully answered any questions we might have.  I tried the special cocktail, it was Grey Goose Pear, amaretto and champage I think, it was yummy!Right at 6:30 I settled up w/the bartender and headed back to the hostess stand to be seated, I had checked in w/her when we arrived so she remembered me and got us seated immediately.  At this point it had filled up a bit more in the dining room.  Once seated our server came over right away and welcomed us, but it was odd he didn't really offer us a cocktail just kept telling us how wonderful the wine carafe deal was.  Then he left.  Came back and dropped off bread then left.  Came back and wanted to take our order but we wanted a drink first.  I also felt sort of ignored, he'd come to the table and talk directly at my friend and would avoid eye contact w/me but sort of invade my friends personal space (he is not a fan of that at all!!)  I don't know if it was because I was obviously one of the youngest people in there, regardless I was still a paying customer, it was just odd.After receiving our drinks we put in our appetizer order. I had the goat cheese and onion tart and my friend the crab cake.  I really enjoyed this, the only complaint is I felt it could have been warmer, but it was tasty and quite a large portion.  Also, the food came out super fast.My friend heard our server giving the list of specials to the table next to us and mentioned we'd be hearing it again soon, but I said I bet we won't.  Sure enough, we were never made aware of any specials.  I already knew what I wanted so it was fine, but again I wonder if this was something to do with our age??For entrees I had the veal chop and my friend the halibut.  Again, really tasty but could have been warmer.  At this point I was getting annoyed because our server had not been by in a while and I was ready to order a glass of wine for my meal.  I finally caught his eye and he came by to see how everything was but was ready to run off again.  I let him know I'd like a glass of cabernet, I didn't have the wine list so I couldn't state a specific glass but he assured me he'd get me a glass of something good.  I guess good always means most expensive because it was the $15 glass.  Whatever it was good, but I felt that was sort of a sneaky move.We were too full for dessert, but we were told to take our times finishing out wine.  We got the check and I let him know about my $25 off, it automatically adds 20% to the pre-discount total, so he definitely got a fair tip.  After dinner we decided to have another drink at the bar, and the same great bartender from earlier was there.  She asked about our meal and seemed really pleased we enjoyed everything.  She recommended a good red and my friend and I each got a glass.  She kept making small talk with us when she was on that end of the bar and she was nice enough to top off our glasses free of charge.For food, bar staff and overall ambience/decor I give it 4 stars.  However, I would not be pleased to have the same server again on a future visit (of which there most definitely will be)!!
4	I have been to George's three times and I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it either.  I thought it was an over priced South Park restaurant. Today I went with one of my friends and we had a great lunch.We shared a goat cheese/onion tart to start.  It had a strange consisitency, like pureed onion, but still had a good flavor.  Then we had a lamb sausage sandwich and I ordered the special fried flounder sandwich.  They did not pass my french fry barometer.  French fries not served piping hot just pisses me off now.  I know, I know, I know,,,, I know they would have been more than happy to bring me hot fries but, dang it, I want my fries hot without having to ask.The best part of our visit today was our service.  Our waiter saw that we had cash on the table and he told us the gratuity was added because we used a coupon from restaurant.com.  He gets a gold star and he got double tipped anyway for being honest.George's also has a raw bar and offers a happy hour menu that is worth checking out.
5	What a good time!  I am a country boy, and took my wife their on our anniversary.  I felt a little out of place to start, but I think the staff picked up on that right away and made me feel welcome.  The complimentary Valet Parking was nice!  We had reservations and were seated right away.  Our server, Raphael, was very motivated and knowledgable.  We ordered raw oysters for an appetizer and he explained that they serve 9 different types. WOAH.  He was also very knowledgable in reccomending wine that went well with them.  I had NY Strip and my wife had Filety Mignon.  Both were about as good as it gets.  It hurt a little to spend that much money, but i had seen the menu prior to going, so it is hard to complain.  I would go there again in a heartbeat.  Our bill for 1/2 doz raw, NY strip, Filet, 2 iced teas and one glass of wine was $110.  If that is what you would expect to pay, then I highly reccomend this place to you.  I smiled the entire time I was there.
5	I've been to George's twice and both times I've really enjoyed myself.  The Onion Soup is to die for.  The onions are *deeply* caramelized and it gives the soup and a really hearty and earthy flavor.  Topped with a well-browned slice of Gruyere, it was honestly the best onion soup I've had outside of France.The entree portions are quite generous.  I had the Cassoulet the first time, which was good, but I couldn't even come close to finishing.  The second time I learned my lesson and had a second appetizer for my entree, a fresh salmon crudo.  Not exactly French homestyle cooking, but very tasty.The service was excellent.  The waiters were attentive, and refilled our waters whenever they got low, and they leave chilled re-sealable bottles of water on the table too.  Splitting multiple carafes of the house wine proved no problem when it came to the bill.If there was one problem with Georges, its that they don't have very much vegetarian fare.  One entree (Ratatouille), and a few appetizers were the only options.
4	Stopped by Georges during the week and sat at the bar this time.  We took advantage of the happy hour specials they offer M-F.  We tried the shrimp cocktail, tuna bites, French country pizza, calamari, truffle frites and the escargot.  All were good.  We also got the butter lettuce salad andmixed greens off the regular menu and I really enjoyed the mixed greens.  And then I also tried the fava bean and corn risotto but I didn't care for it at all.  As soon as you take a bite you are overwhelmed with some sort of lemon zest.  I wasn't expecting it and I didn't think it belonged.  My friend tried it and he too was like puzzled by it.  My friends had some other stuff I can't recall.  But they did send out a chocolate mousse for my firends birthday and it was soooo good.  It was creamy and light but rich at the same time.  Two thumbs up!!Overall though another good experience.  The bartenders here are really great and I would not hesitate to sit at the bar and dine again.
4	Only been once but I can't wait to go back!! We had three of us in our party and decided to just sit at the bar, good thing Summer and Stella were A-Mazing!! I walked in and had a Pear Martini waiting for me God I LOVE my friends, and this drink, it was so good!! They have a great Happy Hour menu that last all night. ( I think)We started ordering off of the Happy Hour menu and we had the Tuna Bites- I really liked them they were like Tuna Tar-Tar on little wasabi crackers. French Country Pizza was really good too!! Shrimp Cocktail- comes with 4 you have to peel yourself but well worth it, they were big and delicious!! We had the Escargot, I opted out, not my thing!! We had the Truffle Frites anything with truffle is good with me!! Ok we had a lot of different things I can't remember everything now but I will say we had a great time picking through both menus offered and had a an even better time just ordering as we went!! I like Georges and will definitely recommend!! Sit at the bar its more fun!!
3	I came here on a Tuesday night with a friend and the restaurant was about half full. The hostess greeted us immediately and showed us to a table-one that was in between two other tables. This frustrated me a bit since half of the restaurant was full and my friend and I wanted to have a private, serious conversation. However, having been a hostess previously, I understand serving sections and why she may have sat us where she did. The service was fantastic though maybe a little too attentive. When you're in the middle of a conversation, you'd like to not be interrupted several times. I ordered a glass of Sancerre which really disappointed me. It was a good pour but it tasted like an old bottle. On to the food, the waiter was very helpful in making suggestions but I regret taking them. My friend and I had already chosen to start with salads--the beet and arugula for me and Caesar for her--both fantastic. There were plenty of gorgeous red and yellow beets in mine and it paired well with the peppery arugula and pistachios. The entrees were a bit expensive, so we decided to each get hor d'oeuvres and share. She decided on the crab cake and I chose the lamb sausage. BAD MISTAKE. The crab cake was burned on the outside from sauteing it and I've had way better crab cakes. The lamb sausage--disgusting. I've never eaten something with that weird of a taste before. I couldn't even eat it. Not only was the lamb sausage not spicy, it had the most revolting flavor. It was paired with couscous and figs. The server had so highly recommended it that we almost ordered 2 of those instead; I'm glad we at least got the crab cake. If you venture to George's, steer clear of those two hor d'oeuvres. The descriptions may tempt you but you're probably better off getting a salad and entree. I'd come here again to try something different and would like to try it during happy hour...
5	We visited Georges Brasserie for dinner this past Saturday night.  The hostess greeted us out front (I think to try to solicit us to come in for dinner).  I told her that we already had a reservation.  She seated us outdoors (at our request) and then went inside to advise the main hostess station that we had arrived for our reservation.  (Great service!)Georges has a large outdoor seating area (a la a French cafe?), which is great when the temperature is perfect for outdoor dining (which it was).  We were brought water to start and a carafe of more water so we could refill our own drinks if we wanted.  We never really had to, though, because servers passing by refilled our water glasses for us with the carafe on the table.  There's a long wine list at Georges, but we honed in on the carafes of wine for only $17.  There was white, rose, and rouge.  We went with the rouge/red.  It was about 2 glasses of wine for each of us, so that was only $4.25 a glass!  I don't know the brand, but the red wine served had a good flavor, too.  It wasn't too dry; it was very smooth and a perfect complement to the Beef Bourguignon (which I'll get to in a minute).  Complimentary slices of French bread (natch) are brought to the tables to start.  It was perfectly crusty.  After we devoured the six slices that were brought to us, we were offered more by two different people.  We really wanted it, but declined, afraid it would spoil our appetites.  As an appetizer, we ordered (what else at a French restaurant?) the escargot.  About 8 pieces came in an escargot serving dish, smothered in a green sauce, with a small round piece of pastry on top.  I'm not a big fan of having my snails served in a big puff pastry (like some restaurants serve it), so this was perfect.  They weren't gritty and had a great flavor.  The only thing that would have made them better is if they were smothered with some melted cheese (perhaps blue) on top!  For entrees, we both ordered the Beef Bourguignon.  If you've ever seen the movie "Julie and Julia," you'd understand the attraction to this particular dish.  It has to be cooked for a long time so the meat is very tender.  It definitely was, and was served atop homemade noodles.  I wouldn't say the portion is huge, but it was enough to fill us up, which is "just right."  It tasted so good, we could have eaten more, though.All in all, it was a fantastic experience with delicious food and a great outdoor atmosphere.  Maybe next time we'll get to see what the interior of the restaurant looks like!
5	This review is for Sunday Brunch only as I have not been there for dinner...yet.  My wife and I met some friends for brunch this Sunday and I have to say the overall experience was positive.  The Bloody Marys are heavy on the horseradish, which I like, so if you aren't a fan, steer clear.  The Eggs Norwegian, Eggs Oscar, and Croque-Madame were very well received at the table.  Cappuccino was also excellent.While ordering a friend was asking about a quiche de jour and the server must have mistook this for an order, because his Eggs Oscar didn't come out, and a quiche did.  The server apologized, and allowed us to keep the quiche as they quickly fixed his order and comped both dishes for my friend.  This was unnecessary, but appreciated.  Funny part to the story is, the highlight of the entire meal was the one we didn't order. The quiche de jour which was ham and spinach to the best of my recollection, hands down the best  have ever had in my life.  Light, fluffy creamy, great consistency, I can't say enough.  Next time in, this will be my selection with out a doubt.
4	Went here recently and sat outside on their large patio. I was here when it was the Oceanaire, but hadn't been back to the space since it closed. The patio is extensive and the inside, though there only briefly, was nice too. They have a limited beer menu, but most of the beer choices are local to NC, which I like. Went with the Highland Ale (a few) and it was good, and went well with what we ordered for dinner. Ordered the goat cheese & onion tart to begin and it was great. Comes out like a quiche for you non-tart folks :). Tasty and the consistency was nice. For my entree went with the lamb shank (see pic on biz page photos). While it's doesn't "look" appetizing, it sure was. Meet fell off the bone as it's braised, and was served on top of a serving of polenta. Only issue, if you want to call it one, was that there was so much food, I could only get through about 1/2 of it. For $25, it was worth it and won't leave you hungry. Went with the creme brulee for dessert and this was the only disappointment for me in the meal. The sugar crust was over done and the taste of the brulee was not to my liking. No worries, just won't order it next time. Can't wait to try this place for brunch as the reviews are good!
4	I went to George's for drinks and appetizers with a friend, expecting to pay the South Park premium. Imagine my surprise when I saw apps in the $3-$4 range. For about $25, we had a martini and a beer, calamari, crudo (sea bass that day), shrimp cocktail, and tuna bites with wasabi. And the servings weren't tiny, either; we had enough to call it a meal.Hoping to get back to George's for dinner this week. I'm eager to see if the entree menu yields a similarly satisfying visit.
4	Had lunch here and used my restaurant.com coupon:-) I had the potato soup with bacon and leeks...yum! The starter bread that they server is very good as well. I had the Beef Bourguignon over homemade pasta, which was good, but too salty for me, so I enjoyed my pear cocktail instead:-) I think I beat the lunch crowd, service was pretty fast as the restaurant was basically empty.
4	It's kind of amazing when something that has 100% potential to be pretentious buffoonery overcomes the odds and makes what might have been a boring old lunch into something special.Do you like being fawned over? Mornay sauce? Two napkins and lots of large, heavy silverware? Expensive bottles of wine, names printed in script so that they're hard to read? You'll like it here.Oddly, you'll also like it here if you like butter, really good bread, Veg-friendly Frenchish food and comfy chairs, and good deals. Because at 10 bucks for a sizable, rich entree complete with frites, a beverage, and a salad, it's one of the best lunchie deals in the area. The Ratatouille was standard but sat atop this incredible, creamy pillow of polenta. Hell yes. And the Croque, minus ham + tomato, was killer.Friend had mussels and wrastled with them a bit, but enjoyed. Why, oh why, were the fries so cold and soggy? Close, George, but no cigar.
3	You know, I've put off reviewing Georges for weeks - and until today I couldn't quite decide why. Well, here's why - I expected more. That's right, I expected more from Georges. And while my meal and experience wasn't a bad one, I was really hoping it was more than just ok. But for because of the latter half of the meal, I left feeling a bit "meh." A while back hubs and I made it out to Georges for a casual meal on the patio. Before sitting down I took a peek inside and it's a similar layout compared to the previous tenant (Oceanaire). I can't speak too much to the bar or inside dining area, but they looked luxe. So, how about the meal? Here's the rundown:Complimentary bread & butter: 5/5: Wowza. Crusty, delicious bread with real creamy butter. Delightful on all accounts. I had to hold myself back from theifing the bread basket. Goat cheese & onion tart: 4.5/5: By far the best part of the meal for me. Our server "warned" us that the tart comes out lukewarm, not hot, but to my delight it came out toasty. It was generous in size, full of flavor and delectable. I would go back just for this tart and request that it comes out toasty. Tuna Nicoise: 2/5: A deer would have loved this dish because it was a true salt lick. As in so salty I could barely get it down. The ogre heavy hand of seasoning ruined anything good that might have been going on with this dish. I barely had three bites. Could I have mentioned this to my server? Yeah, I could have but I only saw him twice during my meal before he dropped off the check. Thank goodness the water guys were paying attention to my glass because it was routinely emptied. Creme brulee: 2.5/5: The flavor was decent, but the consistency was not. The top of the brulee was, um, barely bruleed and the inside was not cooked quite enough. Sad brulee, sad Nicole.  Will I come back to Georges? Sure, but I'll try completely different dishes, save the goat cheese onion tart.
5	Experienced a lovely dinner tonight.Food - This is the most important element at a restaurant and the three of us tried an assortment of starters. 1) Onion soup - good broth, the toast could have been crunchier and there could have been more cheese, but overall, a decent version of an overdone classic2) Ceviche with scallops and lobster. Very tasty!3) Country pate + duck rillets + some ham and nice mustard - solid. I preferred the duck, others at the table preferred the pate, but we all liked the mustard4) Special entree - scallops over risotto - simply divine. A bit pricey for three scallops - not sure if they needed to be crab stuffed, but the scallops themselves were sweet and divine and the risotto was awesome5) Gnocchi with lobster - melted in mouth and the sauce was heart attack delicious6) Escargot - I'd say the weakest dish. Suggest you pass on this one. Out of the shell and with silly small pastry on top of each snailService - excellent! Our waiter was very gracious and attentive and good timing and pacing on the food and wine and bread serviceAmbiance - Low key, not too pretentious. Lots of space between tables. The owners didn't seem to have changed much from the previous seafood restaurant (which was pretty good, so sad to see that it closed)Price - Not cheap, but not out of line.Butter - would have liked the butter colder/more solid. the bread was awesome and I appreciated the manager (?) bringing fresh out of the oven bread mid way in the meal.Parking - free valet - nice. Would have appreciated if the waiter had gotten the car for us. Not a big dealI prefer this place to Nobles - which apparently has closed. So I guess this is the place to go to!
5	We visited Georges again this past weekend.  Our second visit was just as good as the first!  This time, though, it was extremely cold outside, so we didn't have to make the decision about eating inside or out.  The outside patio is nice, but you don't get the full ambiance of the restaurant unless you eat indoors (which we did this time around).  The decor and interior are gorgeous.  When I think of a fairly upscale French restaurant, Georges is what I picture.  They're not so uptight, rigid, and formal, though, that you have dress to the nines.  "Smart casual," opentable.com says.  We were greeted by a very friendly and well-dressed young woman who immediately and professionally seated us.  Our server, Wade, came next, and he was fantastic.  He was also dressed very well, but was very down-to-earth.  He openly and knowledgeably talked about the menu, the food preparation, and the ingredients without sounding condescending.  After the complimentary crunchy French bread was brought to our table, all three of us started with the French Onion soup.  It was different than any other French onion soup I've ever had before.  It was very sweet-tasting, and Wade explained that it was because they use sweet Vidalia onions.  I had had the Beef Bourguignon last time and loved it, but I wanted to try something different this time.  I chose the Cassoulet (cass-o-lay) because I had remembered recently seen a recipe for one and thought it sounded good.   It came out in a cast iron oven skillet, sizzling hot.   This one came with duck and pork confit which, after seeing a few chunks of fat in the dish, I later looked up and learned (as I suspected) that "confit" meant that it was meat cooked in its own fat.  I'm not a big fan of eating chunks of fat, but luckily it was hidden (or I buried it) underneath the rest of the ingredients.  There was also sausage, white beans, spices, and a thick, tomatoe-y sauce in it.  I'd probably go back to the Beef Bourguignon or try another dish next time.   I can't slight Georges on the cassoulet, though, because that's what the dish consists of.  The flavor of the dish was fantastic, and it and was perfectly prepared, but because of the chunks of fat, I just couldn't order it again.I also ordered a glass of wine with dinner -- the cheapest Merlot on the menu.  Don't let the pricing fool you, though.  It was deliciously mild for a Merlot wine.  I loved it.  Georges has become one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  I hope to return some day soon to try their Sunday brunch options!
4	The Brasserie is one big cliche, from the French cafe patio furniture and French posters inside to the menu selection.  However, it stopped short of being cheesy.  The menu has those typical French dishes that you always hear about but don't usually find in restaurants.  Boeuf Bourginon, Cassoulet, Poulet grand-mere, etc.  Also a raw bar.The food was excellent, but I would have like a bit more umph with the sides (those that came with the dishes, not a la carte).  Bread was fabulous.  I had two wines off the "interesting wine" section, and they were both very nice.Service was good, and dinner was well paced even at prime time on Saturday night.I will definitely be returning to try other dishes.  Maybe will just focus on bread, appetizers, and dessert!
4	My fiance and I visited Georges last night to celebrate my birthday.  This was our first visit and I decided that french food was the way to go for my birthday celebration.  Boy, was I impressed.Ambiance: We were seated in a cozy corner booth and had a great view of the entire restaurant.  The large white globe cafe lights add a nice touch, as does the hip music.  Service: Our server did a great job considering he had 3 tables sit down at the same time.  He made wonderful recommendations on both wine and entrees.  Food: Started with an order of fried calamari, served with spicy aioli- it was typical of most american restaurants, not bad, just not impressed.The complimentary french bread and butter were perfect!I ordered the specialty salad- mixed greens with candied pecans, pears, and fried brie. The salad was fairly large for a starter. I loved the flavors but would have preferred a smaller portion for a lower price (the salad was $12).Entrees- I had the Trout Amandine, served with yukon potatoes and french green beans. The fish was cooked perfectly and the butter sauce was to die for.  Not to mention the potatoes melted in my mouth and the bean were perfectly crisp.My fiance ordered the speciality steak- 8 ounce filet, stuffed with crabmeaet, served over mushroom risotto. OMG! The steak was HUGE, crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside.  But I must say, the risotto was even better. The mushrooms were in large chunks, which I liked because we could manuever around them if we didn't want to eat them. The sauce....oh the SAUCE! Folks, this is the good stuff.We will be back...saving our $, but will be back, very soon :)
2	I disliked the fact that they automatically added gratuity. It greatly reduces my return to that restaurant, based on that fact.  There are so many amazing places to eat in the city that don't include gratuity.  Maybe it isn't the fact that it was added automatically, but that it wasn't pointed out, as if I would have left more based on not reading the bill.  Since, the waitress wasn't even very good, perhaps I wouldn't have left 20% - at one point the server was chewing/eating while at our table.The food was good, but too bad the service was so-so; and I'm being generous.
2	This afternoon marked my third visit to George's, and now I am certain that we won't be back.  The food has been consistently good each time, and the service, consistently awful.  Our visit began today with the hostess telling us we would have a few minutes wait.  When she finally led us into the dining room (only about half full), she brought us to a dirty table, then realized it was dirty and walked us back out of the dining room.  Even though there were so many other open tables.  Okay, mistakes happen.  They clear the table and we finally sit down.  The server greets us several minutes later, and we order coffee.  Several minutes later, it arrives.  Warm, not hot.  We order crepes to share.  Many minutes later, the crepes come.  They are good, but covered in what seems to be canned whipped cream (the ridges in the cream kind of give it away.  I could be wrong, but that was our perception).  Server returns, asks if we would like to order anything else.  We do, as well as order more coffee.  Then he clears the main plate, but not our sharing plates or dirty silver.  Coffee takes even longer to arrive this time and is cooler than before.  Second course seems to take eons.  Server never checks on us.  Eggs Benedict is good, not great, and the potatoes that accompany taste like they were made at 11 am and held on a buffet for 3 hours.  Getting the check takes forever, but by now I am not surprised.  George's has atmosphere, and very good (not great, food) but repeatedly absent service has finally turned me off for good.  There are too many other places in Charlotte that really appreciate the business.
4	Georges was so much more than I expected it to be. Went to dinner with a few work colleagues. I can tell you right now that trying to find a place to park in those garages on a Friday night is a bitch, so after a futile effort I gave in to their complimentary valet service, which I had no problems with. The attendents were pleasant and prompt.DRINKS: I got there a bit before everyone else, checked my coat, and took advantage of the bar. The bartender was a little snooty and stared a good long time at my ID, but in the end put together a decent drink. The French Connection is quite exotic - the sweet, smooth taste of ports and wines going down, but that sting of scotch on your tongue. The smell was intoxicating. My favorite drink out of the two had to be the citrus basil martini. Strong while still being refreshing and elegant. At dinner, three of us decided to split number 303 under Interesting Whites, a Muscat. It had an interesting bite to it that wasn't too appetizing alone, but went amazingly with my snapper and the mussels. SERVICE: You just can't get it like you used to anymore.... except at this place. I can honestly say that this is the best service I've ever had. The waiter was attentive without being overbearing, made sure that all of our wines/waters/beers were filled, made great suggestions and pairings, and just overall attended to our every need with an expertise that you can't find too many places. Not to mention he was pretty sharp looking, which is always nice for the ladies of the table. Excluding the bartending experience, I would give service at this place 5 out of 5. ATMOSPHERE: Despite the points made about the decour in other reviews, I found the atmosphere pleasing. The dining room is large and high-ceilinged without being overbearing, and still providing an intimate atmosphere at dinner. The crowd, we did notice, was much older, however this wasn't any contention. Everyone there seemed to be there for an occasion - a small, intimate gathering for a birthday, or a husband and wife celebrating an anniversary. You got the feeling that to most of the crowd, this was someplace special to them.FOOD: Apps: We all shared some steamed mussels and fuites. The fries weren't as hot as I'd like, but flavorful. The mussels were out of this world - they almost tasted coq au vin, and were so incredibly flavorful. My top pick of the evening.The shrimp over risotto was also very pleasing.  I was delighted to see that the heads were still included on the shrimp (one of my favorite parts), and it was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. The risotto was also perfectly cooked, creamy, and flavorful. I liked the addition of the red peppers. The fried brie salad was tangy and delicious, so no complaints there. I've had baked brie before, but never fried. It complimented the salad perfectly.Entrees: The snapper over lobster basmati was delicious, and very much was complimented by the wine we had with dinner. The fish was, of course, cooked perfectly, and the rice was flavorful with just the right amount of lobster in it. What I really enjoyed was the sauce - it almost tasted like a buttery, light bechamel with chives, and I definitely want to try and replicate it at home.The braised shortrib melted in your mouth, and was also cooked perfectly. The sauce complimented the meat and horseradish mashed potatoes very well, though it was said at my table that some thought there was too much horseradish. I personally thought it gave an excellent bite to the carmalized onions and sauce. Dessert: I can say that they create one of the best executed creme brulee's I've ever had. Pretty darn big, perfectly glossy on the top, and garnished with large, ripe raspberries, this melted on your tongue like nothing else.I had the chocolate mousse, and it was how I like it - extra dark and delicious, however there was almost twice as much whipped cream as there was mousse, which left me a little disappointed.Before I came here, I didn't think this would be a place that I would be terribly impressed with, as opposed to other places in Charlotte, but I stand corrected. I would definitely come back here. I pride myself on being a cheap date, but I can honestly say that the $80 bill that was said and done was on par with my experience.
4	Yay for Charlotte Restaurant Week!  Got to try this place out last night with a large group of friends.  Our server was awesome, even though the place was packed for a Thursday night - we got to take our time, enjoy the food, good company, and great ambiance that Georges offers.What I ordered off of the restaurant week menu was a shrimp starter over a bed of red pepper risotto.  My main entree was a seared snapper cooked perfectly over rice.  And my dessert was the apple tart which really said everything to me as far as how the meal went.    I am a sucker for apple anything, but it was a great dessert.Some of my friends ordered similar and some ordered off the regular menu as well.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the experience and hopefully we can all come back - even if it's not restaurant week.
4	George's is located in the flashy circle drive of Piedmont Row in Southpark.  It has a well appointed environment, with a large bar area and a separate dining area.  Since it was restaurant week I took advantage of the special menu and had a delicious mixed green salad with fried brie, pears and walnuts; a nice snapper dish and a tasty chocolate mousse.  Some of my table mates ordered a platter of oysters and they looked awesome as well.  I also sampled a dish someone else got with short rib in some kind of casserole mixture served in a cast iron skillet.  It was probably my favorite bite of the evening.  Very tasty and filling.  Prices were, as expected, high and they were busy that evening so service was slightly slow.  However, the solid food, very comfortable environment and super friendly service made our dinner at George's memorable.
3	Can I please get a half star up in this piece? Because with my experience at George's, it would be useful so I could give it a 3.5. Like Nicole, I expected more from George's. I don't know what I was expecting per se but just more. I went for Restaurant Wk and they have a varied menu list that would make an omnivore, pescatarian and vegetarian happy. The starters ranged from soup to mixed greens to shrimp and the main entree menu had chicken, spinach and mushroom crepes, snapper and short ribs. The dessert menu offered rich desserts such as creme brulee, chocolate mousse and apple tart. Service was absolutely out of this world and I couldn't have asked for more plus they have really cute servers, nothing like some eye candy while dining--hi boys!. Our server explained the wine list to me since I was intrigued by the whole "Interesting" section and how it compared to the merlots, cabernets, etc. He was on point with filling our bread basket along with refills and was prompt with taking our order. They don't have a huge waiting area in the front, just two chairs with gets a little uncomfortable with the cold draft with the door opening and closing. I didn't get to check out the bar area but it seemed spacious and they have a huge patio area that would be fun to kick back on with a couple glasses of wine during the summer. The restroom location is a little obscure. It's on the way to the kitchen so as you're walking through the hallway, your dodging servers and restaurant staff. The food is where George's let me down. It was good don't get me wrong but nothing that made me want to foodgasm. The mixed green salad was my favorite with candied pecans, pears, red onions and gasp---fried brie?? Any kind of fried cheese is welcome in my belly. The snapper was fresh and meaty but lacked flavor. The lobster under it was a nice touch and was good but it seemed a bit dry. The basmati rice both were laid on was just mush without flavor. Totally edible but no one flavor popped out at me. The apple tart was decadent and enjoyable and it seemed to come with whipper cream that tasted like it was homemade. One of the guests in my party was celebrating a birthday and they brought out a chocolate lava cake without us even asking---sweet--literally. All in all, I had a nice time but was hoping for more. I would go back again to give George's a second chance though. It's like the ex boyfriend I had a good time with yet go back to b/c I want to believe they have some good in them. Now if someone can explain the big bowl of oranges in the front, I would appreciate it.
4	I am always looking for new breakfast joints in Charlotte and am often disappointed. When I found out that Georges serves brunch, I called up my friend and said we had to give it a try. We decided to meet there this morning and lets just say I am now in love....The restaurant is adorable. There are photos from Vogue all over the walls, my inner fashionista was screaming. We sat down and were greeted by our very friendly waiter. I ordered a cup of coffee and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was really delicious and actually pretty strong. We started with the beignets which were very fluffy and very delicious. We quickly scarfed those down and placed our order for Steak and Eggs Filet Mignon and I am very, very happy I did. The steak and the eggs were perfectly cooked. The steak was rare and incredibly flavorful and the eggs were perfectly poached. The hollandaise was some of the best I have ever had. The potatoes on the side weren't the best I've ever had, that would be my only complaint. In addition to the fantastic food, our waiter was incredible. I never saw the bottom of my coffee cup or water glass. He gave us suggestions of what to order and when we told him it was our first time dining at Georges, he brought us the dinner menu so we could take a look and see if we wanted to come back for dinner some time. I was very, very pleased with the service and the food. I plan to go back soon for dinner and of course, for brunch.
2	I was very disappointed with my dinner at Georges Brasserie, as were the other five people at dinner that night.  When I first walked in I had high expectations!  The restaurant is gorgeous and hosts a classy, fun atmosphere.  The service was also wonderful--quick, courteous, and professional.  We were all getting excited about our food...until it was served.  Nothing was awful, but there much left to be desired.  I ordered a shrimp appetizer and snapper, but wasn't tempted to finish more than half of either course.  I was with a group who plays nice and shares, and I didn't feel my friends' meals were any better.  I did enjoy the creme brule, but not enough to redeem my meal.  My husband says he actually did enjoy his meal but felt it was slightly overpriced given the quality of food.  After dinner we took a quick poll and 6/6 agreed we wouldn't be back.
3	I expected more. Piedmont is the 'Park Avenue' of Southpark dining - and yet it was 'good.' The atmosphere is over the top - feels like more than it it. The staff is not as 'seasoned' as other servers in 'fine establishments.' The food is good, good, not great. The bar has been overwhelmed both times I've been - understaffed or just poorly designed. It's nice for a change of pace but doesn't have the feel of a 'staple' for Southpark. It's a nice break from the norm but needs to raise the bar to match the prices and expectations.
3	Went to Georges last night with three of my amazing friends to celebrate a single-ladies valentines day. The atmosphere was really nice luxe fabrics, black and white vogue photography...a violinist playing numbers from the Sound of Music. Our server was an attractive young guy which we certainly didn't mind and he politely read some fantastic sounding specials and offered a couple recommendations.We were even personally escorted to the ladies room which was a nice touch! We each ordered a drink ( I ordered a citrus basil martini). Since I tend to talk with my hands I carelessly ended up spilling 1/2 of my delicious $10 martini all over the table..yikes. Well, no problem there as the bus boy scuttled over and quickly changed the table (paper) and I finished what was left of my drink. Someone mentioned something about my drink - at first I thought they said they would replace it, so I was a happy camper. Well after a few impatient minutes I just ordered another drink without looking up and I realized it was the bus boy not the waiter. He said he would talk to my server about it. My back was turned but my friends noticed that when the bus boy tried to talk to the server he literally stuck his hand in the poor guys face and rudely dismissed him. He was bringing me another drink which was nice but it certainly made our waiter seem like a jerk. After that service took a huge dip....Complimentary bread & butter- heavenly. Great crusty bread with soft middle and creamy homemade butter. Wow, great start! We ordered two apps and a salad:Butter Poached Lobster Gnocchi with black truffle fondue ($15)- It was bad. Where was the truffle? Why were the gnocchi WAY overcooked? Why was our lobster the consistency of rubber? It tasted terrible- almost had a distinct onion soup mix flavor. If I had ordered this as my meal I would have been deeply disappointed.Goat Cheese and Caramelized Onion Tart ($8)- This was better but still not the best appetizer Ive ever had. I only tasted a little bit of goat cheese. Red & Yellow Beet Salad ($8) - My friend ordered this but I was able to taste it. This was great! Candied pistachios are my new best friends. For dinner two of my friends ordered potato gnocchi ($14) and one ordered the seared scallops ($27). I went with a special ($32)of filet medallions with Bearnaise sauce and crab meat- it also came with a side of lobster mac n cheese. I was lucky to try everyone's meal but I only enjoyed mine. The gnocchi was terribly overcooked and visibly unpleasing. They are lucky they served it to my friends because I would have taken it back. The scallops were large (yay a large scallop dish) but over-all the dish was way over salted.My steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The crab meat wasn't very plentiful but it tasted sweet and delicious. The lobster mac n cheese was actually pretty good as well. We sat around for a very  long time before our plates were cleared. The restaurant was not busy at this point. Eventually we had to ask for our server and our check. Oddly enough the other server and bus boy exchanged a laugh amongst themselves when we mentioned who our server was. I am not sure what that was about. Our server came over and slapped down dessert menus in front of us. We said we just wanted the check and he was able to split our apps for us which I was pleasantly surprised. 2, 1/4 apps, a martini, meal, and tip  came to a little over $60 for myself. Although I liked my meal no one else liked theirs and service was pretty yicky toward the end. I wouldn't go back on my own accord. If I did go back I would stick to steak.
5	The place is georgous! The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We went there twice on our trip to Charlotte and the food was delicious. My favorite was the white wine mussels. I would definitely come back whenever I'm back in Charlotte.
5	Excellent three course meal. Nice outdoor seating and great ambiance next to the Piedmont fountain.  The bread and wine were very French  I will be going back very soon!
4	My wife made us a reservation here on my birthday.  It was the nicest night so far in the year so we sat outside.  Also, it just seemed more lively outside.  Not in the loud sort of way...it was just more full.  The inside was still "upscale" feeling like it was when the place was Oceanaire.  But it was relaxed, I guess what a brasserie is supposed to be.Like I mentioned, it was packed outside, so service was a little slow.  We didn't mind as we didn't have anywhere else to be.  We started with 2 apps; the heavily touted goat cheese and onion tart and an asian style tuna special.  I don't remember much about the tuna because...well it wasn't memorable.  I do remember the fish itself being really high quality.  The tart however was great.  Flavorful, airy, with just the right amount of crust.  Its one of those plates that you order every time you go.  My wife doesn't enjoy goat cheese, and she even really liked the tart.  The bread brought out was really good too.  We split the beet salad.  Looking back we should have ordered something else..she doesn't like beets, and I'm pretty particular about how I like mine.  So the salad wasn't for us, but might be good to you, appreciated reader.For the entree I had the braised lamb.  When we go back I will have a really hard time ordering something else, it was that good.  The shank was textbook braised.  The meat almost had the consistency of good pulled pork, and when taking a bite with the sauce (red wine reduction maybe?) it reminded me of vinegar based bbq for sure.  I'm so happy our waiter talked me into this.  My annoying habit of asking "whats your favorite thing on the menu" really paid off this time.  My wife had the roasted chicken.  She enjoyed it but I thought it was a little dry from overcooking.  We were really stuffed so opted out of dessert, but they brought us some banana ice cream for my birthday.  I love banana flavored stuff so it was right up my alley, and the texture of the ice cream was perfect.  Now that I'm done with this review I've got a pretty good feeling that I'll order the lamb again next time I'm there..
5	My husband and I had an outstanding lunch here at a reasonable cost of 7 to 12 dollars per entree.  Onion and goat cheese app was superb. Lightly battered fish with the fish and chips and the squash and leek pasta were superb. A new favorite restaurant in charlotte.
5	Now, I'm not one to hand out 5 stars like it ain't nothing, but GB's 5 stars is well-deserved.  I came here for dinner once and liked it so much I also came for lunch.  First thing that really caught my eye is SERVICE.  Man, the service exceeds all my expectations.  The waiter/waitress, both times, were very attentive, courteous, and made thoughtful answers to the questions that I offered them.  Dinner - I had NY Strip Steak, Grilled Tuna, Tuna Tartare, and Crispy Calamari.  I didn't order it all for myself but after having a little bit of everything I definitely could have loosened the old notches on the belt and go to town, EXCESSVILLE - population: ME.  Awkward (attempt at a) joke, but I'm excited and can't think clearly.  NY Strip was ordered medium-rare and came out medium-rare. The calamari was crisping, tuna grilled and tartare-d.  Service wasn't too fast as to make you question how much "prep" was done nor was it too slow.Lunch - This is the true kicker.  I spent a fair amount of money for a delicious dinner, and definitely wanted to go back.  I figured maybe I could go at lunch one time and save a few bucks.  Well, I sure did save some bucks but not sacrificing quality.  The lunch menu is complete and totally affordable.  In fact, the service was just how I like it and FIT IT IN DURING A ONE-HOUR BREAK that I had. Well done.Will be going here more often while I'm here... a LOT more...dmo out
4	Excellent food , liked the atmosphere, parking a garage or Valet, entree was good, salad good, service good.  Owner is new, and seems to have a grip on things.
5	BEST MUSSELS I'VE HAD IN CHARLOTTE!  Hands down...AND they can be prepared in at least 6 or 7 ways (maybe more, not sure).  Wine selection is thorough and very pair-able with raw items or entrees.  I ordered the trout and it was delicious, but after splitting an order of the mussels and a salad with my husband as starters, it didn't compare!  Seriously folks, go for the mussels!  After dinner cappuccino reminded me of France... The atmosphere was lively and fun.
5	Their oysters rocked. So did the mussels. Will keep coming back here until they mess something up - they haven't so far!
4	The mustard mussels are AMAZING. The service is very attentive. I've never had a bad experience.
3	Lot's of hype. Been their several times. I've been to some good French restaurants. Georges should be careful how they advertise their dishes, French? Food is delicious, the place is very nice. If you are looking for a PASTIS experience? Georges will disappoint and you'll be pissed off after you see the bill. Give it a try. I'll will give it a 3 star for being a trendy spot and for their outdoor seating. Great for your first dates. FREE VALET.
3	Really a 3.8 I have been to Georges about 4 times for dinner. It is a beautifully decorated restaurant and has an upscale French feel, though a bit more serious feeling than Cafe Monte's damask (love!). The outdoor patio is especially charming and has a French street feel to it. I must agree with so many others, the crusty bread and butter is excellent. They also have an extensive, fully stocked bar, so blue cheese stuffed olives in my dirty martini are no problem, nor is my pear vodka on the rocks. :) The goat cheese and caramelized onion tart, curry mussels, and beef bourguignon all tickle my fancy. The calamari was very good as well. I had higher expectations for the trout amandine, but it was fair. I have had the beet salad a few times and it usually fabulous, but last night's experience with it was sub-par. Consistency is key with fine dining. If George's can tweak it so that every night is an ON night, it will be, in the words of Mary Murphy, " a force to be reckoned with."
2	First time I was there I loved it, but like all good things, they went and changed the menu.  The sweet potato puree was not on the menu and they changed the side dishes for the pork chop.  The sides are now a cold fingerling potato salad and a blue cheese slaw.  The slaw was too "blue cheesy" and I could not taste the slaw.  Also, my waitress argued with me when I said the first time I was there, I had a wedge salad.  She argued that they never, never, never had a wedge salad.  Thankfully, another waiter said it was a special and not a regular menu item.  Why would a waitress argue with a patron?  I guess she did not want a tip.  Then, when the onion soup arrived, there was no soup spoon.  The waiter had to go and get one and it took a while.  How the hell do you serve soup without a spoon.Overall, the service was just ok and the food was not as special as one would expect from a restaurant like this.  I did recommend George's to a friend after my first visit but took the recommendation back when I saw him again.  Sorry but i doubt we will be back.
5	I have been here 4 or 5 times for lunch, dinner and private events.  Every time the food, service and atmosphere have been excellent. I needed a receipt for an expense report for a business luncheon from 3 weeks before. i called over there and they faxed the receipt in a matter of minutes. They simply do a great job all around.
3	I can't get over the odd dish I had here.  I am giving it three stars only because our app was so good and my boyfriend's meal was amazing.  We went here on a gorgeous night and it wasnt crowded at all.  We sat on the patio and ordered wine.  The tuna was fantastic as an app, coming with watercress and wasabi chips.  My meal was so strange.  So I have been to France a few times and I am excited to see what old George pulls off with a fish out of water:  halibut.  Ummmm it was a nice size piece of fish, cooked well.  Served with chorizo sausage and potatoes in some sort of spicey sauce??!!!  Can you say WHAT?!?!?  None of it was bad but what kind of i-can-say-oui-so-i-must-be-french-stoner put this dish together???  It was ODD and not good to say the least.Forgetting that - my boyfriend had the white bean and pork dish.  It was unreal.  I have been obsessing how I can make it ever since.  Pumpkin pie spices complemented the beans and pork.  So good I could hardly believe it!!  I probably wont be back to this place but will always remember his dish.  Yum.
3	Had a spontaneous dining night out with my girlfriend here the other day and also had a $25 off $50 coupon so I figured....why not?  I hadn't really heard anything about this place so I was an unbiased as I could be.  Sure it looked fancy, but I'll take good food over fancy any day.  I had a pork and duck con-fit style dish combined with sausage, white beans and a bit of brown cinnamon to give it a sweet flavor.  It was really good!  I was surprised to say the least.  The tuna tar tar dish we got as an appetizer was a bit lack luster but manageable.  Service was great, although the waiter came to the table with beads of sweat on his brow.  That's a no-no for me, I don't like to imagine a bead of sweat landing in my food, drink, etc. :(  Nasty.With so many choices in Charlotte I don't know that I will be back but meh....maybe.
4	We go specifically for the oysters, they always have great suggestions, but our faves are usually there east coast blue points or west coast Kumamotos - The tuna tarte we enjoyed so much we now try to make it at home as an appetizer on nights we can't make it out!  Don't forget Sunday Brunch and botomless mimosas!
4	I had my birthday dinner here last night, and was very pleased with the meal and service. The steak and frites was excellent, as was the salmon ravioli special. The portion size on both of those entrees was quite good. My husband had the blackened tuna, which he enjoyed, but the portion size was a bit small. We were quite surprised compared to the other two entrees. There was one minor service issue, but it was immediately corrected, and they gave me a complimentary second dessert for the table in addition to my birthday dessert. If you like Creme Brulee, order it here...it was outstanding!! Overall, myself, my husband and my father all really enjoyed this restaurant, I will definitely be back.
2	27 minutes to get a poured glass of wine.
3	Doing some yelping one night i stumbled upon georges. coming from a city with alot of good french food, i came in with low expectations (as I tend to do at most clt resto's). Brought along for company an actual frenchman. That said, the ambience and decore of the place is quite nice. the escargots were nice, pommes frites were good,steak tartare was a bit on the chincy side but it was good and the mussels were nice. like most upscale restaurants in the city (especially in the south park area) the crowd was pretty old (40+). I would return.
4	This restaurant is a lot of fun, has a great menu, authentic french decor and a lot of seating space.  We had our company holiday lunch here last week and I was super impressed!The waitress had a french accent so I truly felt like I was in a french cafe/bistro from the moment I walked in.  She was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu so she guided us through the entire 2-hour lunch. We started with a couple appetizers...the calamari (the dipping sauce to accompany the calamari was fabulous) and a cheese plate.  The cheese plate also came with a relish, honey mustard sauce and a fig compote....all which paired perfectly with the cheese offered.  The calamari was perfectly crisp, not chewy and seasoned well.  Overall, great appetizers!  I ordered the Yellow and Red Beet Salad which came with candied pistachios, feta, oranges, olive oil and arugula.  It was pretty good but I realized I am not a big "beet" person so I wasn't really thrilled with my choice.  My only other complaint is that the portion was very small.  I know these are lunch portions and we had plenty of appetizers but truly this was more of a side salad.  However, it had good flavor and if someone loves beets then this would certainly satisfy!  Everyone at the table loved their meals.  Some got the chicken salad on a croissant, one person ordered the grilled steak salad (which was apparently cooked to perfection), and one other person ordered the grilled chicken sandwich (pretty boring, I know).  Most of the lunch entrees are served with your choice of regular pomes frites (or skinny french fries for us common folk :) or sweet potato fries.  The pomes frites were tasty and savory...not too oily and not too salty.  Overall, everyone was super satisfied with their options.  I also forgot to mention the warm sliced baguettes that were served prior to our entrees....YUMMY!  There is nothing like french bread and this bread tasted so fresh and the butter just melted on so smoothly.  The crust was crunchy but not hard and the center was soft but not too yeasty (yes I made that word up).  It was just perfect!  I should have asked if they made it in house!My favorite part of this meal was of course the dessert!  We left no stone unturned...we wanted to sample pretty much everything!  We were told they make all of their desserts in house so we were all excited about their pastry options.  Once again, France is known for their pastries so this was a true test of the authenticity of this restaurant!  By this point the manager was loving us so he sent out a plate of chocolate covered strawberries on the house.  They were amazing...tasted like one of those $5 godiva chocolate strawberries.  Then, the feast began...the chocolate mousse, the nutella cream puffs,  and the creme brule all made their presence known.  The mousse was rich and creamy, the nutella cream puffs came with a side of chocolate sauce so you could really make it special but the winner of the day was awarded to the Creme Brule!!  I'm not even a huge creme brule fan but let me tell you...this was amazing!  It was soooo creamy and flavorful.  It was a perfect balance between a custard and flan.  The consistency was just perfect and the bourbon vanilla flavor was done just right.  I loved all of the desserts but this one had my heart.Once again, I love to support local places so this restaurant definitely has my vote.  There are many other items on the menu that I would like to try but what we had last week was fabulous.  They have live music from time to time and they are having a huge New Year's Eve party.  It would be worth checking out their website periodically so you can learn about some of their events.  They also participated in restaurant week last spring (I attended), which was a great way to taste some of their most popular menu items.
4	Vacillating between three and four stars.  It always seems there's just something that goes wrong with the service here -- not a catastrophe, but just "off.". That being said, if you like a real hamburger cooked rare, good luck finding a better one in South Park, if not south Charlotte.  Service gripes notwithstanding, we do always seem to have fun here, and it seems most of the other tables are having fun too.  That counts for a lot!  Agree with other reviews noting both peaks and valleys on the menu ... Hard to say this place really nails it, and yet it is unique (for the area) and we just keep coming back.
4	Great decor and awesome food but some dishes have very small portions Went to Georges on a Tuesday night and found it to be fairly empty. The decor is done tastefully and matches the type of food being served. The music played is not too loud and help to create the feel of actually being in a restaurant in France. I found the service to be fairly fast and friendly, and they did get all of the order right, so no complaint there. We ordered the mussels in white wine sauce which were outstanding and the Blackened tuna which was even better.My only complaint would be the portion size on the tuna. The serving looked a bit lost on the plate and considering the price there should have been a bit more food. Overall I would recommend Georges as a great destination for a special night out.
5	My girls and I celebrated my birthday at this lovely bistro last night.  I couldnt have asked for a more amazing time, not only was the ambiance inviting and bustling, the service was impeccable and the food was fantastic.  We called in a day in advance and the manager set up off-the-menu entrees for us, which came out in perfectly timed orchestration.   In all honesty, it was A LOT of food, but that doesnt mean we didnt appreciate it.  We went home with 3 bags full of leftovers!He started us off with the fresh bread and butter, then came the cheese platter followed by the Shrimp Provecal and the Lump Crab Cake.  All three were shared and were unbelievable.  Then came the salads, which were huge, fresh and clean on the palate.  This was followed by a family style service of a shrimp platter (not on the menu) it had hints of fennel and citrusy notes which was sat on a mountain of Israeli couscous with figs and citron marmalade, very delicious.  Another family sized entree of beef medallions over rice pilaf and garlicky sugar snap peas and roasted peppers, as though all that wasnt enough, we had a gorgeous lobster to boot. I know, I know, us little piggies made room for dessert which was Creme Brulee and Lemon creme puffs.   I recommend the creme brulee to the entire world!  All this took place over 4 hours, lol.  I had the time of my life and the managers came out time-to-time to check up on us, chat with us and this made our dinner that much more special.  Even the chef came out to our table twice to make sure we were enjoying his unique creations.  Double chocolate brownie points for everyone we encountered at Georges, thanks a bunch for a wonderful night!  Oh yeah, imagine my surprise when he even offered to bring my car to the front because we parked on the 3rd floor in hellsville.  Gotta love it :)
5	One of the most pleasant evenings I've had in Charlotte dinning since The Gallery.I was very pleasantly suprised by this place. I've been wanting to try French food in Charlotte for a while.The food was amazing. I had the braised short rib and it melted in my mouth. My dinner guest had the pepper seared tuna and it was a very choice piece. The portions were a perfect size. The wine selection was great. I had their Malbec at the bar and switched to the French Pinot Noir for dinner (very smooth). The goat cheese and carmalized onions were an amazing appetizer enough for two and then some. And the desserts were amazing . . . yes, I ordered two . . . the chocolate coffee mousse was phenominal . . . I have not had mousse that good in many, many years and I also had their poached pear which had cardamom in it (my favorite spice). I sat in the private dinning room and was served by the the most wonderful server Stephanie. She knew everything about the menu and was a delight to speak with and was very engaging.
5	Fantastic food, great service and nice atmosphere. Pricey but worth it.
4	I work in Piedmont Town Center and have been to every other place there.  I finally went to Georges for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  Their special was a Quiche with Duck and Mushroom with a small side salad and lots of bread.  The service was top notch.  My friend got the panini and he seemed very well pleased with it.  The prices are a bit high, but its an upscale place, so I can't fault them.
5	Loved this place!!! Shared the petite plateau from the raw bar. It was fresh and delicious! Our server was very knowledgable. And I thought the wine was so moderately priced I wish I didn't have to hang out w my family so I could have done Easter brunch there! Yum!!!
4	The food is good, but the service is the best.  We always get treated so well at this place.  I'm a big fan of the appetizers and desserts but the main courses are just good. Things to eat: goat cheese croquette bibb salad, cheese platter (has homboldt and red dragon), cheese and carmelized onion tart, onion soup, creme brulee, and nutella cream puffs. :)
3	Great atmosphere, service, and food
5	For my wife and I, Georges Brasserie is one of Charlotte's finest restaurants.We visit often, but feel it isn't often enough!  We always request Joe as our server.  He takes excellent care of us and knows the wine menu and dinner menu and pairs everything perfectly for us.We have had brunch here, raw bar, and a spread of dinner menu items.  Never have we been disappointed.  Our favorites include Steak Tartare, Asparagus and Smoked Salmon Salad, Roasted Dukk, and so many of their specials.Want something romantic and a safe A+ experience, go to Georges.
4	Sadly, Charlotte does not have an overwhelming number of choices for French cusine so I had really high hopes for Georges. I was really hoping for an authentic French bistro experience versus a snobby over-priced pretentious restaurant. For my lunch visit, I found that Goerges Brasserie offered a nice upscale atmosphere with some basic traditional french offerings without being overly pretentious.   My friend decided to go with quiche du jour - which on this particular day meant there was a choice of 4 quiches which came with a small side salad (around $10).  The quiche is enormous and wasn't overcooked (most quiches I have ordered around here tend to be overcooked and somewhat dry as a result.) I decided to try the ratatouille (about $10) which was served over pasta with gruyere. The veggies were cooked until they were nice and tender, but still had texture. The cheese was a little light but I could tell it was on the pasta.  Oh, and as Nicole and others have noted, their crusty bread and butter are outstanding!! I thought that the food was good, but not the best french cuisine I have ever eaten. (I only went to Paris one time, but I had some FABULOUS meals there.  In bigger cities in the US, I have found several French restaurants that made me think that I was back in Paris... this is not one of those restaurants.) Our poor server was having a rough time remembering all the specials when we first arrived and went over the menu, but she was very friendly and provided pretty good service overall. I am not sure if the food justifies the price points for some of their dishes at dinner, but if you can make it over to Georges for lunch, $10 for the entree I had was well worth it.  Based on this experience, I would certainly go back to sample some of their other dishes.
5	I may have found my new favorite restaurant!  I dined at Georges Brasserie last weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday, and had a wonderful time.  The food was great, and the service even better!  Our group of five was seated on the lovely patio.  We started off with a cheese plate, and our server was so helpful and well informed.  He explained the different selections, and made excellent wine and beer recommendations as well (try the Blanche de Bruxelles) .  The complimentary bread and butter was terrific.  My filet mignon was cooked to perfection, and my companions enjoyed their meals of duck and a grouper special  Finally we ordered a creme brulee to share for dessert, and it was served with a birthday candle and a chocolate "Happy Birthday" decoration.  We loved our visit and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I will definitely be back, and try to sit on the patio once again.
5	I like trying new places for my birthday, but unfortunately my birthday was on a Sunday this year, and lots of great restaurants are closed on a Sunday.  Jerks.  So after my third or fourth try (after Lulu, Good Food, and something else I can't remember were closed), I came across Georges.  I've been to Del Frisco's in Piedmont Row (delicious) and Brio (eh), but I like good French food, so Georges it was.  The weather was absolutely gorgeous, so we sat outside and had just a lovely meal.  It started out with a cheese plate (chef's choice, and he chose well!) that had a couple of special kinds of cheddars I'm going to hunt down, then I ended up with the Grouper special, which was really delicious with a delicate smoked tomato sauce.  The creme on this dinner was a creme brulee (with Happy Birthday printed on edible dark chocolate...come on!) that was so thick and creamy.  All in all, a light, fresh, perfect meal.A special shout-out (I feel like I'm on Total Request Live right now, which is an incredibly dated reference) to our waiter Ryan, who was just wonderful.  Right there when we needed him, charming, and helpful.  And he comped my creme brulee, which makes him (and Georges) even better!
2	We decided to go to George's for Charlotte Restaurant week and we were severely disappointed.  The wait staff was exceptional...attentive without being intrusive and very helpful. Unfortunately, the food was less than inspiring.  I'm vegan, so my boyfriend asked the waiter if he could have the chef cook something creative.  He came back and said that because it was restaurant week, the chef really couldn't do much since they were so busy.  We arrived at 6:30 and there were only 5 other tables seated at the time.  Not too busy.  The waiter came back and said that the chef could cook up some noodles in olive oil with some spring vegetables.  Sounded good.  What I got was a bowl of cool pappardelle noodles, no oil and partially steamed squash, asparagus and brussel sprouts.  They were unevenly cooked, seperate, cool to the touch and devoid of olive oil, salt or pepper.  For a restaurant with such a great reputation, they could have come up with something more impressive than that.My brother had the short ribs - per my boyfriend's recommendation.  (He had heard that they were outstanding). They were dry, small, no braised gravy and they too were cool in temp.   He commented that it was like leftover pot roast.  My boyfriend's meal was the ratatouille and it too was cool, lumpy and the noodles were stuck together.   I'm giving George's two stars because it was restaurant week.  Had it not been, I would have given George's only one star.
5	I have eaten here a number of times and love that it's not a pick-up joint atmosphere like the other restaurants at Piedmont Town Center have become. The service is always impeccable, but not too 'hovering.' The food is always outstanding. I've taken my sister & hubby here several times and as picky San Fran residents, they always rave. Their prices are extremely reasonable for the quality and presentation of the food and their wine selections are fabulous. I always enjoy my time here and feel leaving the money spent was well worth it.
1	It's ashamed the food isn't better. French food is pretty easy to make if you have good quality ingredients and very affordable.  We dined on a slow night and even the service was poor. The waitress was not friendly rather rude to be honest.  Will not be returning as we gave it a second chance.
4	Classy restaurant - have to dress up and look presentable. Luckily, I did just that - otherwise I would feel a little out of place. The food was delicious!! I stumbled upon this place because of restaurant week. I would not mind coming back here to try out other food on the menus.  It is pricy :( but the food makes up for it and on a special occasion kind of night. Service -The one time I had dined, my waiter forgot little things here and there. But after many reminders, I got what I needed. Overall, I would come back here on a special occasion only.  I just hope I get a different waiter =X
5	We really enjoyed our meal at Georges. Their charcuterie plate was divine. It included the country pate, which I could eat all the time. Just delicious.The oysters were some of the best we've had in Charlotte, and the staff knew the differences, where they were harvested from, and tips on their flavor.For dinner we had the boulliabaise and the cassoulet. Husband wanted to drink the boulliabaise, and the cassoulet was delicious, huge, but delicious. The leftovers made for an excellent lunch the next day!Dessert was creme brulee, which was good but nothing original or spectacular. We will definitely be back to Georges.
5	We went here for a weeknight dinner with a friend, and we had a fantastic meal.  I love French Brasseries a lot, and this one is high on my list now! Wish I'd been here sooner.  The first time we'd been here was to grab a coffee when they had a concert in the courtyard in front of the place this summer, and knew we wanted to check it out.Anyway, we had the Chorizo Mussels to start, which are amazing! They give you a ton, so make sure you're hungry and that everyone is going to help out.  I had the pork chop, which was in the top 3-4 that I've had anywhere, and I get them a lot.  They do it sous vide, and then flash saute it after to give it an awesome crust.  I really loved it, and can't wait to get it again.  I don't remember what everyone else had, but they all loved it.  Great place for a romantic but relaxed dinner, and a good place to take friends too for a good meal and a chill night out in Paris.
4	Lunch today. Entrees were very tasty. My chicken was delicious. Struggled to finish half as it is accompanied with frites and small salad. The French dip is also yummy, but a bit skimpy with the beef. Pumpkin creme brulee was generous and very good. Very appealing cocktail list as well. Matt was a polished and amiable server. Very good experience today and much better than Cafe Monte.
5	Wonderful food, superb service on our first visit. Charming, inviting atmosphere. The waiter overheard us talking about coq au vin, and, although it wasn't on the menu that night, he spoke with the chef and they offered to prepare it for us, since they had the sauce leftover from a private party the night before. It was the perfect meal for a rainy evening, and we just really appreciated the waiter's attentiveness and thoughtfulness. The perfect service made it such an enjoyable evening. And, one person in our party had a coupon, and they were very gracious about accepting it --  no pretension there. Can't wait to go back.
3	The service and the ambience are most enjoyable. In fact, if those are your two greatest needs, I would go here. They also offer valet service for "free".As to the food. No true complaints just a heads up...some is exceptionally ordinary but the atmosphere and service and all I suppose give way to the upcharge. If and when I go back, I would make sure to order something I do not make or cannot get down the street.
4	Came here a few weeks ago for their happy hour (3-7pm Mon through Friday in the bar area). $5 Stoli martinis on Thursdays? Yes please. We also got an assortment of apps, all very reasonably priced from $3-7. I highly recommend the sliders, they were amazing! Calamari was good, but not mind-blowing.
5	Georges is one of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte! Chef Drew always outdoes himself and the service is always superb...Dont miss the tartar or the duck!
4	Great brunch. Classy venue. $12 bottomless mimosas on Sunday! The staff is amazing. You can't down the mimosa's fast enough before they refill... I kinda lost count :)
4	Georges Brasserie is a definite Charlotte favorite of mine. This restaurant has it all - great food, excellent ambience, and impeccable service. Look around at the other diners and notice that everyone is smiling for the same reason you will be if you check out this restaurant.Latest visit happened to be during restaurant week. I started with a wonderful French martini.  My selections were a  pork belly appetizer, short ribs for an entree and Tahitian vanilla creme brulee for dessert. I think I had a dream about the creme brulee last night!Pork belly was tasty and tender with just the right amount of crispness on top. The short ribs made for a wise choice. Extremely tender, flavorful and a delight to my palate.  It is imperative that you save room for dessert. If you love creme brulee, beat a path to Georges immediately.
5	french elegance of cuisine and the finest of service, straight from paris. i am honored to give georges my fourth and fifth star and look forward with great anticipation to my next visit to charlotte.all that's missing is the you-will-get-to-know-your-neighbors closeness of tables to each other. i don't think it would go over well with american diners, but literally *everything* else was exactly and perfectly from an excellent parisian brasserie. thank you. thank you.i needed this dinner tonight. it's been over a year since i have had the pleasure of traveling to my favorite city in the world, paris, france. owner george and chef  gave me a dinner experience i shall not soon forget.--proudly facing the courtyard of this south park plaza, george's friendly and helpful valet took my car into their care.--maitre'd graciously took my coat and our reservation confirmed, we glided to our table, excellently set and perfectly lit. an epic menu lists all my favorites. thankfully i have 3 of my best friends and colleagues with me for whom I can order and insist on tasting theirs... muahaha.--sous vide short rib with sweet and sour cabbage and black garlic sauce.  epic rich taste whose sauce can only be mopped to the last squidge with the delectable and perfectly crispy crust of table bread.--dozen oysters sampled from east and west coasts. best enjoyed with your perfect sapphire martini, horseradish and vinegared onions. oh yes, and don't forget the drop of tobasco and saltine cracker chaser.  mmmmm...--saute of fois gras with cinnamon and maple breadstick. broiled leek and topped with fried quail egg. presented by chef himself, it was a masterpiece of flavor and what interesting choices. no, this wasn't on the menu, but chef graciously and proudly accepted my request and served a dish i shall not soon forget. magnifique, chef!!!--ceasar salad was perfection in mix of lemon, egg and cheese, topped with a beautiful and oh-so-fresh anchovy. all i needed was to lightly brush that delectable and fresh slice of romaine over the fish to get the perfect flavor. the anchovy was the perfect set of last bites.and now to the main course... what perfection in execution.--cassoulet.  a very unique take on this classic wintery french seasonal. served as it should be in a cast iron dish, it is *so* hot, you can use the dish as your personal heater. the bean stew served with duck, sausage and beef is rich and flavorful. chef tops this version with delectable crispy cheesy flakey bits. could they be brreadcrumbs? i forgot to ask. what a wonderful and especially unique interpretation of this southern favorite.--filet mignon with bernaise and haricots verts. oh my did i make the right choice for the green beans. perfectly cooked and rich yet light and letting the simplicity of the vegetable and its quality since through. the filet is delightfully peppery and dipped in the bright and sour bernaise, it was even more perfect with the wine (see below)--coq au vin with spinach and aligot potatoes. plat du jour. *how* could i pass it up. i couldn't. it was delightfully moist and rich. what a special feast!--angus ground beef burger on brioche bun with gruyere and carmelized onions. with frites. you burger lovers out there can have your prime meat ground and served casual style in this fabulous presentation.topping the meal were the two very special bottles from the manager's private stash. the '96 chateau lynch bages was a special treat. in my own private stash are several of the best of the '96 bordeaux masterpieces for my 50th and 60th birthdays. the lynch bages did not disappoint.the '07 heitz cab was listed, but somehow we got the '06 instead. lucky! lucky! lucky!dessert featured our server's choice of fresh berries, balsamic, black pepper and mint, as is my tradition.  :)
4	favorite restaurant in Charlotte!
5	What a charming French restaurant! The service was perfect...the food was magnificent...great ambience...prices were good. in short..a perfect evening out...at such a charming place! i definitely recommend Georges!
5	We had the royal treatment when my husband and I celebrated our anniversary here in February. I called to let them know it was our anniversary and they set us up in a private booth with a nice view of the entire restaurant! The meal was awesome! No complaints at all. I had the pork chop and my husband had the short rib. Both were amazing. They gave us a free anniversary dessert, which was a nice surprise. The service was perfect. We will be back! Hopefully soon!!
5	Places like this make me wish I was a cow.  Aside from the royalty checks I'd get for the Chik-fil-A promotion, the best part would be having more than one stomach!  More stomachs equals more food in my belly, duh!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte, and I always bring out-of-towners to this location.  On this special day, they ran a buffet-style offering instead of their award-winning brunch on Sundays.  The thought of buffet usually makes me cringe because the quality and quantity of food usually amounts to a lackluster meal in my opinion.  But like Ankiel on opening day, Georges knocked it out of the ballpark!  Confession:  I didn't actually watch the first MLB game of the season--seriously, the Astros?The buffet was not your run-of-the-mill buffet.  It had a wide spread of selections with enough French influence that made it special.  I was hoping to take pictures, but let's face it, who can wait to take pictures when the food looks that good.  Chef Dodd and the rest of the kitchen did a phenomenal job of preparing everything.  Omelettes, quiche with caramelized onions, shrimp cocktail, prime rib and  the rest was a great way to celebrate Easter.  Everything they offered didn't have the buffet-quality food I had expected.  Shrimps looked vibrant and held firm, mixed fruits was bursting with flavor akin to the Starburst commercials, and the grilled chicken was succulent.  This restaurant continues to uphold the fine standard of French cuisine, and the creativity the restaurant offers will persist in making this place one of my favorites.  Who do I talk to about getting more holidays put on the calendar so Georges will run more special events? dmo out
5	Sunday Brunch was fantastic.  Their Top Shelf Bloody Mary was the best complete with olives, picked string beans, and two jumbo shrimp.  Service was very attentive, good crowd and lovely patio seating for a meal in the beautiful Charlotte Spring time, will be back for sure!
4	I had never dined at George's Brasserie, but took advantage of a business opportunity to entertain a guest here.  The weather was perfect so we chose to eat on the patio instead of the dining room.  The server was very knowledgeable and friendly.  On her recommendation, I selected the pork belly appetizer followed by the Beeler Farms pork chop.  I know, I ran the risk of OD'ing on pork.  The pork belly was good but not fantastic.  I'll try a different appetizer next time I go.  The pork chop on the other hand was out of this world!  Tender and flavorful served over palenta and ringed with fried Brussels sprouts.  I will definitely go back on my own nickle to get the pork chop.
5	Great food and service!
4	I had never eaten at Georges before yesterday when I hosted a baby brunch celebration for my best friend.  The food was excellent and the staff was great!  It was nice getting to work with their event planner on coordinating everything and knowing it would all come out perfectly.  At the end of the brunch we had an issue with the check and the terms we had agreed on for the meal and the Manager was a big help.  I 100% recommend this place for your next event!
4	I've been to Georges on several occasions, for lunch, dinner, and weekend brunch. Each time has been a great experience all the way around.Tastefully decorated without going overboard with all things French, Georges has become one of our go-to spots for a nice meal. The staff is polite and attentive, and are very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list, and rarely will they steer you wrong.For brunch or lunch, I love the croque madame. Hearty bread envelopes flavorful ham and Gruyere, topped with a light poached egg. It's a heavenly sandwich served with a side of their seasoned pommes frites (fries). For dinner, I always go for the trout amandine. Flakey, tender fish meets its match with the almond butter sauce and crispy haricot vertes (green beans). This has become my favorite dish at Georges (though, the ratatouille is good too).You can't leave without dessert, and you should go with the cheese plate. Warm bread and 3 or 5 cheese selections, with candied dates and raisins. When it's not incredibly busy, some of the servers have asked me which cheeses I would like - if they have it, ask for the Red Dragon. Mustard seed and ale give this cheese a nice spicey bite. And don't forget a port or sherry!Whether it's a date night, birthday, anniversary, or just a personal treat, Geroges Brasserie will not let you down.
4	Visited George's last week and had another great time! Service was excellent. I was disappointed with my entree this time. I loved the pork chop so much last time so I decided to have it again. This time the pork was over done and not flavorful at all. I was so disappointed. They change their menu around so I knew I wouldn't be getting the exact same presentation and taste as last time, but this pork chop was just bleh. I think I'll try something new next time. Everyone else in my party was thrilled with their entrees and cocktails. We will be back! Just won't get the pork chop :/
4	This place has a very good raw bar. Plenty of other choices as well on the menu to satisfy just about everyone.  It is a little pricey, however, it is to be expected in this part of town.
5	If you are in the mood for fresh oysters, this is the place for you! Great, friendly service by staff who make feel right at home.
4	My wife and I and some friends tried out Georges Brasserie several months ago during restaurant week. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience. The Slow Braised Short Rib was excellent. I also had a cold soup which had an interesting, refreshing taste to it. I also enjoyed the cocktails that I had. The dining room itself is nice and our server was pretty good. The place is a bit pricey so be prepared. Overall we enjoyed our dinner and I would definitely come back for a repeat.
5	We made reservations for Georges Brasserie for Queen's Feast weekend. It's the only restaurant we've chosen so far this time around. I was surprised to receive a phone call two days before our dinner to confirm our reservation. The caller asked me if I had an indoor/outdoor seating preference, and reminded me that Queen's Feast was going on. Calling to confirm was a nice touch, just like reservations used to be way back in the good ol' days.We were seated as soon as we arrived. Doug was our server, and he did a fantastic job. We brought a special wine from our cellar, which Doug uncorked and served to us. ($15 corkage fee.)  The service was absolutely perfect, from beginning to end.More amazing than the splendid service, however, was the food. My husband ordered the mussels. I can't eat or try mussels because I have developed an allergy, so I can't say firsthand how they tasted, or even how the broth tasted. What I CAN say is that I've never seen my husband so happy about his food. I asked him if I needed to leave him and the mussels alone for a moment. My husband said, and I quote, "I have not had anything better since I had that escargot in Beaune, France." Now, you need to realize he puts that dinner in Beaune up on a pedestal. That's his baseline for ultimate perfection. So to put the mussels in that category was the highest compliment he's paid any restaurant in Charlotte, ever.I had the Vichyssoise myself, and I loved it. I may not have had the affair with my first course that my husband had with his, but it was damned good. The best I've had in the area as well.Our main courses were solid, but not as surprisingly awesome as the first course. My husband had the short ribs, which he liked, but said were on par with other places in town. I had the chicken (I know, I'm so BORING!) which I ordered  primarily because I was interested in the black garlic buerre blanc. It was delicious and I really enjoyed it.We both agreed on flourless chocolate cakes for our dessert. Again with the ooh-ing and the aah-ing. My husband and I both agreed it was the best, and probably most rich, flourless chocolate cake we'd ever had. Perfectly moist, almost like a mousse, and very delicious. I appreciated that the raspberry coulis was an accent on the plate and not on the cake, as I don't like raspberries very much.Based on that one meal, we will certainly be back for lunches and dinners. Georges Brasserie was hands-down, the nicest meal I've ever had for Charlotte Restaurant week. You have another week to get there, so make your reservations. It's the best!
5	Love the food here.
5	I love going to George's and highly recommend it to friends. The food is always spot on, as well as the customer service. My personal favorite here is the cheese plate and a glass of Slingshot, but I also enjoyed the Slow Braised Short Rib. So good! You can enjoy a full meal here, or a nice appetizer and a drink at the bar. Travis always has great recommendations on beer and wine. If you haven't been here before, definitely place it on your list of things to do.
3	We have been here twice and it has been delicious both times.  It's great French food and its okay to bring kids here.Update: we have been back twice and it has been slipping dramatically. The food have been below average.
4	I met a business associate for a very nice dinner. The staff were responsive to our needs and very personal-able. I had asked for a more private location to enable our business discussions. The staff accommodated my request, found us a nice private table, and continue to cater to our needs. The food was excellent. I would highly recommend George's.
4	What made my date night special with my husband was the awesome service we got. The food alone makes the restaurant, but the service really completed the whole experience.
4	What a wonderful place. Piedmont Row with the fountain easily seen from the outside seating. Mussles are incredible, the bread is even better. It is very relaxing and a chance to unwind after a long week. The food is good, the bill is higher than you thought it should be though. All in all it was a nice time and a beautiful night.
4	The food was delicious.  The service was okay...We were a party of three, celebrating 2 birthdays.  We ordered three appetizers:  petite plateau, onion/goat cheese tart and brats.  The raw plate was delicious and just as expected.  My friend thought the tart was to die for and the brats were good but sauerkraut okay.We ordered two bouillabaisses and one mushroom pappardelle.  Delicious!  The seafood was perfectly cooked with a very generous portion.  I did not feel hungry or wanting more.  The creme brulee was eh with the sugar burnt and leaving a nasty aftertaste. Service was SLOW.  They were slow to get drink orders, slow to bring the check and just slow.  Our server was okay and seemed to be very attentive to the guests next to me.  Nothing particularly special for celebrating birthdays.  Just a candle to our creme brulee we paid for.  We had reservations but the restaurant was nowhere near full.
2	Steak was over cooked. Ordered medium rare, was served well done.
5	Started with the beignets. Have eaten them at the cafe DuMonde in New Orleans-these were just as good! My husband had the quiche of the day-AWESOME! My daughter had the French toast from the kids menu-almost finished it. For her little 7 yr old stomach- THATS A COMPLIMENT!! I had the eggs Benedict-some of the BEST I've had!! We sat outside in the beautiful fall air. LOVED the atmosphere! But the most outstanding thing that made our visit here so wonderful was our awesome waiter PHIL LOERA.  He made our first time visit here out of this world. Based on our waiter, our food, and the awesome atmosphere, we will DEFINITELY be back!!!! Would drive the 3 hours it takes to get here for us!
4	The food was pretty good. The waiter was busy And was more interested in a two top that were Parents of a co worker. I think maybe going later and Not on a Friday night the service would be better.I had the beat salad which was wonderful. And I can't remember What my entree was? I would go again.
5	I go there almost every week for happy hour from 3-7. There appetizers are half price with $5 house wine. My favorite appetizer is white wine mussels.
5	Came here on a random Thursday night, the week before Thanksgiving to meet a fellow alum, Mee Maw.Sorry, it's been some time since I've been so pardon the shoddy memory.  Uh, actually, pardon the entire review.  The one thing I remembered was, this place has a pretty darn good happy hour scene.  There's enough tasty items on the bar menu ... might be good with some beers.  The location hits the spot - outside of Uptown but not too far down.  Still a bar, but can have a nice dinner too.  --- just a random collection of things that worked out well on our visit.  dmo out
2	We went here last weekend for a friends bday. We had a party of about 12 and the service was so slow. They also got some of the orders confused as to who got what. The food was just ok and the portions are not that big. The one thing I did enjoy was the Mac and cheese. It was to die for. Overpriced.Oh and I almost forgot that they ran out of makers mark and offered us another brand so we said "ok" not knowing that those drinks were almost double the cost of makers and they charged us for it!!!!!! Insane
5	Two words: Fiery Mussels.I came here for happy hour yesterday evening. Wow, what a great crowd. I knew they must be doing something right when I saw how many people were there.They have specials every night... but last night it was martini night. I hit for cycle on the martini menu. My personal fav was the Berry Martini.. and this is coming from a girl who lives and dies by a dirty martini. Yeah, the Berry was that tasty. The French was also great. Let's be honest, they were all pretty fantastic.My friend and I got a variety of food. Fat kids, party of two. It was all amazing, but let's get back to those mussels. Peppers, onions and chorizo in a spicy sauce. I couldn't stop dunking pieces of bread in it. I may have went through a loaf. At one point, I was dipping fries in it. I would probably have taken shots of it if other people weren't around to judge me. I love oysters and they have a great variety here. So fresh and perfect with all the fixings. The butter poached lobster was another fav... served with potato gnocchi and black garlic beurre blanc. Little pillows of goodness.We also had one of the steak dishes and the pan seared scallops. Both were cooked to perfection. The scallops had sweet corn puree, fava beans and smoky sauce. Great flavor combination.The service was just tremendous. Our server Laura was on point. So friendly, professional and fantastic at her job. Every staff member and manager who came by were the same way.Hats off to the chef and everyone here. I left full and happy. I can not wait to come back to this place again.
1	Really was looking forward to trying those fiery mussels, but we're told the GM had decided to close the bar for the evening.  :(.  We always prefer sitting at the bar so we left.  Maybe we'll get there at another time.
5	I came here for dinner with my parents and my boyfriend, and it was definitely one of the most memorable meals I have had in Charlotte.  I loved the atmosphere - very classy.  All of the food we got was delicious.  And most importantly,  our server was extremely patient with my dad, who can't speak english well but wanted to order two entrees instead of just one.  Much appreciated! For meals, I got the Butcher Cut with Bleu Cheese Mornay.  It was amazing.  I think what made the meal was the bleu cheese honestly.  It won me over from the first bite, and I don't even like blue cheese!  It was a little salty, but because it was on the side (I can't remember if it came like that or if I asked for it this way), I could adjust to my own tastes.  Still, the meat was tender and juicy at medium rare, and it was pre-cut. PRE-CUT.  And I thought I had a two thumbs up meal until I tasted my boyfriends' dish - the NC Mountain Trout Amandine.  This was definitely what made the night memorable.  Even though I had just one bite, it was enough to make me want to go back for more.  It was so soft and didn't have a lot of the 'fishy' taste to it. It was like love on a plate.  If you have a chance to try this dish, DEFINITELY get it.  I'm not too big of a fish person, but this one totally had me hooked (Ha. Lame pun). My dad had the Pasta Forrestierre with a NY Strip cut on top of it (his special order that took 20 minutes to explain), and my mom had the Pan Seared Scallops.  I didn't try either but they both said they were delicious!  I'll take their word for it. Also, try the creme brulee for desert!  It's not too sweet but not lacking in that area either.
1	I have to give it 1 star because the food was great but the service was questionable. Party of 6 girls for dinner during restaurant week I assume is annoying for the wait staff. We aren't sure what we did to them but they did not like the fact that we were there. We were in the back room so by the end of dinner plates and silverware were being obnoxiously thrown around. After over hearing one if the waiters saying "they need to leave" I guess it was our cue to go. Why such a nice establishment had a wait staff with such nasty attitudes? Having people slamming dishes and throwing silverware around me was just not my idea of a great dinner.
4	Here comes another Restaurant Week review! I love when a restaurant uses this week to pull me in and entices me to come back the rest of the year...and George's did just that. First off, I loved the ambiance, the bar area with oysters and shellfish (which we admired from afar) and the curved dining room. I started with a Spicy Mule - which I can't decide if I liked or not. The spice was definitely there, but I think it was lacking some of the ginger beer flavor I would have liked more of. Off the RW menu we ordered the lobster bisque and the white wine mussels - the mussels won that round. Next up was the coq au vin and the beef bourginion - the coq au vin with the gruyere polenta won this match-up (if you're keeping score, so far my meal is beating my husband's.) Finally, for dessert, we'd selected the creme brulee and the chocolate cake (by a fancier name, even our server said, "oh the chocolate cake" as I struggled to pronounce it from the menu.) Finally my husband gets on the board with the creme brulee.We'll be back, sooner rather than later, for their awesome Happy Hour deals in the bar.Oh, a final note, after spiraling up, up, up the parking garage to finally find a spot, we discovered that George's valet is complimentary (or at least it was that night), so do some research and maybe save yourself the hassle of trying to park at Piedmont Town Center on a Friday evening.
5	Great place to diner on a casual date night. Their food is AMAZING!  Definitely try to go during restaurant week. its so worth it!
5	Mussels! Do you know how I love them? Let me count the ways. The sauce alone, omg I could just order a barrel of bread and that sauce and be ok. Oysters are awesome too. This used to be the location of the oceaniare but it didn't do very well there. George's is a treat. Fine dining for sure. Atmosphere is perfect and the food is superb. Good date spot. Good place to take business clients. Good place to take Mom for a treat nice out. Good happy hour place. Cool bar. Valet parking and good parking in  the deck too.
4	We enjoyed our meal at Georges.  Service was very cordial and pacing was relaxed (which we prefer, some may call it slow).  I would have to say my filet was slightly overcooked but the bernaise , frites and haricots verts were great.Nice selection of wines and Belgian / Craft beers.
5	I have to update my review after the owner contacted me and offered a $25 gift card for our unfriendly experience there. Great customer service can't wait go back!!
3	I really like the atmosphere here- very French brasserie. Food is consistently good. So why only three stars?  Have been three or four times to check out a special they had advertised. Every time, the server or menu never mentions it, and when I ask about it... Somehow I feel like a cheapskate.   They really need to commit to their advertised specials, and not make us feel badly for wanting to take advantage of them.
2	This place is good for drinks and oysters in the bar area, but really that's it.  We have given them 2nd, 3rd, and 4th chances and are now done.  I really like the feel of the place and have had a few dishes that were good, which is why I guess we have tried to like it.  The last time we went we had a crab cake that I'm sure had been frozen and reheated.  It was so dry with no discernable crab.  We sat in the dining room once and there was butter all over the booth seat from the previous diners. We told the hostess and she just looked at us with a blank stare, we were like can you get someone to clean this, she unhappily complied. So strange.  Mostly the problem is bad service and inconsistent food that is often under seasoned.  Wish they would get it together, it would be great to have an authentic French brasserie in Charlotte and it's a beautiful space.  Speaking of French brasseries, don't even get me started on Cafe Monte!
5	Flawless! Brunch outside on a nice day is perfection at George's. Lovely patio seating with the view of the fountain. Service (by Kate) is impeccable. Shrimp & Grits is worth checking on. It's a special and not available every Sunday. Worth the wait. Spectacular! (As always.)
5	I went here for the first time a few weeks back while my girlfriends parents were in town. We had a big party for Sunday brunch. The atmosphere is excellent. They sat us at a nice big round table in the back of the restaurant and really gave us our space to chat and have a nice paced brunch. The food was excellent. Everything was really fresh and was prepared as we ordered. Their mimosas were on point as well. I think everyone in our party (10 people) were very satisfied with the food and service. Highly recommend!
2	This review is only based on 1 brunch experience.  I have heard rave reviews of this place so I MIGHT consider trying it again.  With a party of 12 they force you to chose from a small, boring fixed price menu ($20).  There were 2 types of omelettes and a basic eggs benedict.  You can also choise beignets or a side salad.  For $20 I would like more of a choice than a breakfast with 2 eggs and a small salad.Second, I asked a server there about the menu and why it was that way.  She acted all douchy and said twice "as your hostess about that."  Well, who the hell is the hostess?  They sent about 8 people by and no one introduced themselves.  Service was good except for that BUT they gave themselves 20%!!! What?  First of all, I hate automatic tip taking but second, 20% is what i pay when i have good service and that should be left up to me...especially when you're charging $5 for an egg. I would have contacted this place directly through email but their site does not have an easily accessible email address. To me, this place is all hype.  I could name half a dozen better restaurants ...that are the same price or equivalent.  If you are in the area go to Upstream first.
4	Wife and I came for the Town Center outdoor concert series that we heard about.  Band was great and then we stopped in to Georges for something to eat (and she had to go the bathroom).  Bar area is big and drinks were good size but maybe a $1 or $2 overpriced (then again this is southpark).  We split 2 apps which like the drinks were a good size but again a little overpriced.Would have given it 5 stars but service was slower than what I would have expected
5	I'm from a large city in the Northeast,  where there are plenty of French restaurants.  On  a recent trip to CLT to visit my elderly mother, my girlfriend and I decided to take he here.  I had my doubts, but they were wiped away as soon as I got there.  The valet (always a HUGE help when you're with someone with a walker actually insisted on unfolding the walker--that alone led my girlfriend to say "nice people!" even before we had entered the place.  The maitre d put us at an easily accessible table, but which was prominently placed. That resounded for me; I am (unfortunately) accustomed to being shoved into a dark corner, when with my 80+ mother at young and trendy restaurants.The homemade pate was properly silky smooth, and rounded out with a perfect touch of cognac.  My Chinese girlfriend promptly ordered a second round, eschewing the usual escargots at other French restaurants.   Service was, literally, perfect.  Attentive but not pushy.  Friendly but not cloying.  My mother commented "what a nice boy."  That is Not like her!I split a salad with my girlfriend, who was already happy from the pate.  She commented that the vinaigrette had many herbs, and was not overwhelmed by Dijon mustard.  She was right, as that's a common problem.Mom had the steak au poivre.  I was terribly embarrassed when my mother spooned the brandy cream sauce into her mouth.  The waiter later said that's not uncommon-it's that good.  I had local trouth with perfectly cooked vegetables, light and flavorful.   Girlfriend had the mussels--so good, and perfectly cooked. Amazing broth.  Afterwards, the waiter brought out complimentary creme brulee. with wine, it wasn't cheap, but it was worth every penny.  And I tipped north of 25%.  we were treated THAT well.Although we can dine at any number of French restaurants back at home, folks in Charlotte should appreciate what a gem they have here!
4	Yeap, I'm a fan. The first time I went to Georges Brasserie was for my birthday about four months after I came to Charlotte. I had already been to a couple of nice restaurants in center city but this place blew the competition out of the water with its great atmosphere and friendly service. Most importantly, yes, the food is great.So for the price range I'd say it's the place to go for that romantic date, have a good time with friends, or even take your family/in-laws to have a good time. All worked for me.
4	Another solid effort by Georges! Started with the foie gras pate with Sauternes gellee. Very smooth and yummy. Had the pork chop over Gruyere polenta....OMG was that ever awesome! I've never been a huge brussel sprouts fan...but....these were crispy and thin and delicious! I've never used the word delicious and brussel sprouts in the same sentence before.....this is a first!Thecweakest part was the pork chop. Not bad but not great. Tad dry but was flavorful.Tip - their housewines are from Vin d Pays in Southern France. Get the carafe for $17. Great deal.Our waitress Briton (yes like Great Brittan) was great and had the sexiest raspy voice ever!
4	One of our most faves, excellent food and drinks specials daily between 3-7pm.Great atmosphere and good service with great food. French Music plays often to our delight and dinner is romantic!
4	Dinner tonight for my anniversary did not disappoint! Service was excellent thanks Ned!  The stars of the evening were the entrees the scollops were outstanding and a special for the evening halibut was equally great both were perfectly cooked! Dessert was as good chocolate cake deceivingly light and a creme brulee that was complementary for our anniversary. Coffee was just right. Five stars will be given if they improve their escargot my french food favorite which was just ok and had some shell in it and ive eaten many better ..the pate with an amazing fig mustard was really good but did not like the duck pate..will definately go back want to try their onion soup beet salad seafood starters so much more to explore.  Highly recommend giving this restaurant a try.
5	Thoroughly pleased. I tried mussels, and oyster for the first time. They will continue to grow on me. Calm atmosphere & excellent service.
3	I took my husband here for a Father's Day Celebration.  I thought the menu for the Brunch was very limited.  I thought there would be a few more lunch items on the menu.  We ordered the Beignets to start.  They brought us a larger order than we had ordered.  We tried to tell the server that brought them out but he didn't seem to understand.  So we started to eat when the table next to us complained to server that they hadn't received their beignets, yet.  They had 2 children with them so we knew we must have gotten their order.  The beignets were OK but seem to miss something.  I am not sure exactly what but I expected better. I also got the Bottomless Mimosa.   They are true to their word.  They brought ne a decanter  full when I asked for my second one.  I ordered a mushroom omelette that was good but not spectacular.  My husband ordered 2 eggs, bacon, hash-browns.  All was good but there was nothing spectacular.  Out waitress was very sweet. She seemed a little overwhelmed.  I think the Holiday crowd with large tables were a bit overwhelming for her.  We were patient and we were in no hurry so it all worked out. I really want to go for dinner when the menu is more extensive to see what this resturant is all about.  It is difficult to mess up eggs and an omelette.  Looking forward to another visit.
5	Absolutely fantastic food, service, and atmosphere!  Katie recommended this as her favorite, and I will have to agree.  Jeff took excellent care of us, and Georgio just happened to be in town and stopped by to say hello.  The scallops were perfectly prepared; the charcuterie (especially the duck) was very tasty; the pork chop was a double and very tender. ..I could go on.  My new Charlotte favorite!
4	Waiter was a little odd. Petite seafood plateau was big looking but not enough/filling. They ran out of bigniets & didn't have fresh bread for table and they charged us for toast for table. Hollondaise sauce was w truffles and best ever had. Ambiance was to die for... Reminded me of France. I will go back just for that!
4	I was down in Charlotte and found this restaurant on yelp. The atmosphere is very nice. The service at the bar was great. I had the mussels. They were very good. Warm bread was brought out with the mussels.  They have a great cocktail list as well. I will be back for a full meal so I can give a better rating on the food. Overall very nice restaurant with a sophisticated feel!
5	Food was delicious and the service impeccable.  I had the mushroom bisque, scallops and panna cotta for dessert. Need I write three more paragraphs? I think not.
5	Went for the Queens Feast. Excellent cerviche, veal short ribs, chocolate mousse & coffee. Blush mojito with fresh berries was great! Tyrell was the best waiter we have had in our 3 years of dining in Charlotte.
5	Refined yet, laid back dining in a friendly and sophisticated atmosphere, serving food of the highest quality in lovely surroundings. I can't wait to try the Sunday buffet!
5	Me and my friends enjoyed brunch at George's Brasserie in Charlotte, NC.  We started with oysters and then ordered eggs Oscar, along with a plate of French toast.  Of course, we all enjoyed bottomless mimosas.  Our waitress Brittain was super.  She kept our glasses full and was very attentive.  The atmosphere was quiet and comfortable.  Most everybody was dressed in their Sunday best, but I believe nice jeans would be fine.  I enjoyed being able to talk without speaking loudly.Sunday brunch starts at noon, and you might want yo make reservations for groups larger than four people.
5	We went during restaurant week and boy did we make the right decision or what! This place has some amazing food you can get in charlotte. Right from the drinks till desert, every item hit home run for us. The mussels in white wine and scottish salmon dish was absolutely delicious. Our server was not that friendly but who cares about the server when you are in food heaven.
5	I am a HUGE fan of George's.  The fiery mussels and house bread are amazing.  Sometimes, I get that alone as my meal.  I'm also a big fan of the lobster gnocchi appetizer, the supple pan-seared scallops, served with sweet corn and saffron puree, fava beans, smoked tomato, and thyme beurre blanc and the NY Strip Au Poivre with brandy peppercorn sauce, served with a petite ceramic pot of truffle pommes frites. I've also heard great things about the goat cheese and caramelized onion tart, but I've yet to try it.
5	We came here for lunch, and it was not very busy at all, which was a plus. Menu is a bit limited, but I think there's something for everyone.To start, we had warm French bread and butter, both of which were superb. I had the NC mountain trout, which came with tender French green beans, small potato slices, and the most amazing sauce. It was perfect!For dessert, I had panna cotta. It wasn't the greatest. Wish I had gone with the cheesecake special that day, the others in our group who got it liked it. The interior is very elegant, and the service excellent. I'm definitely a fan of this restaurant.
4	Been 3 times and every time I'm come I order something different and it wows meLove the sea food
1	So disappointed and i cant even comment on the food. My husband made reservations at Georges for Saturday night. We have been about 3 times and have had fabulous food and wonderful service each time. We were looking so forward to a date night as they are few and far between with my husbands schedule. When we arrived the restaurant was about 60% full. The hostess escorted us to our table, probably the worst table in the place! It was a four top right in the middle of the room and in the direct path of the kitchen. I quickly glanced around and saw probably 3 or 4 better options. My husband asked for another table and she said ok but we we would have to wait a bit. Oh, and we could have a drink in the bar while we waited. Really? We stood and waited in the middle of the bar for about 10 minutes and observed her do nothing to find us another table. We decided to leave since our seldom evenings out are too valuable. When my husband told her, she could have cared less! We decided go to Upstream where we had an incredible dining experience at a nice intimate table for two! Don't think we'll go back :(
5	Amazingly delicious and super tasty.  I had just landed in CLT from NYC.  My friend and I went in to talk business and to our suprise it was happy hour b/w 3-7pm.  They have a HH menu with $3, $5, & $7 items and on Thurs $5 martinis!!!  Absolute heaven :)  Everything was fresh, hot, well plated, and just simply awesome.  The decor is beautiful, welcoming and very relaxing.  More of a date and/or celebration place than business meeting but sitting at the bar was peaceful.  We ordered: Steak Tartar - coursely chopped, lightly seasoned, garnished with spring greens, very nice, big fan.Country Pate - OMG amazing!  Homemade pork pate with nuts and other yummy ingredients. Garnished w/ pickled mustard seeds, cornichons and toasted baguettes.Cheese plate - cant remember exact ones but there was a combo of soft, mild, and hard. Good size portions, and excellent! Brussel leaves - they were crispy and the balsamic vin added flavor. But way way too salty.  I love salt but chef got too happy on sprinkling sea salt everywhere.Mussels in white sauce - holy moly, is this the best sauce ever or what?!  Bursting of full flavors and of course butter butter butter. Love it!  I asked for more bread just to keep dipping.  I would have ordered a 2nd dish if I was not so stuffed.  The portion is huge and well worth it, regular price or HH.Martinis - perfect, delicious, cool and refreshing.  Nice heavy pour on the alcohol, Bravo!Service was great.  Pretty attentive and definitely friendly. Total $45 with tip $60!  Best HH place Ive ever ever been to. Will definitely do dinner when I return.  Keep it up boys!
5	We were looking for a restaurant close to our hotel to unwind and have a nice dinner after the Panthers game.   Luckily we found Georges.  It was walking distance from the hotel. The hostess was friendly and sat us on their outdoor patio. The patio has a smooth level of ambiance.  Our table had a nice view of the fountain in the middle of the plaza.  I immediately started to enjoy myself.  Our waitress was prompt and helpful answering all of our questions and making recommendations.The drinks arrived quickly which is always a good start to my ideal dining experience.   Although they had an excellent and varied selection including what looked to be an outstanding raw bar, I decided to order the NY Strip Au Poivre with brandy-peppercorn sauce and french fries.Although my steak came out closer to Medium than the medium- rare I ordered it was a good cut, flavorful and juicy. The sauce complimented the steak well.  The shoestring french fries came out hot and crispy which almost never happens .I can't say enough good things about the service.  All staff encountered was very professional and the service was seamless.I'm looking forward to coming back and trying something from the raw bar next time.
2	Took my girlfriend here for our anniversary, because of many glowing recommendations from friends. After being seated promptly, we waited about 10 minutes to be acknowledged by a server, and given water and menus. After this, the server was attentive enough. We started with the cheese tray, which was good and all, but was only 3 little slices of cheese. For $12 I expected a bit more quantity.She had the NY strip au poivre (her favorite), and I had the flatiron steak. Hers was undercooked, and the brandy/cream sauce tasted more like turkey gravy than anything else. She's had this dish in Paris, and I've made it several times at home, and George's sauce wasn't even close. My flatiron steak was pretty good, but a little undercooked. The frites were nice and crunchy, but way too much salt. For the price, there are MUCH better restaurants in Charlotte. We won't be back to this one.
3	I don't consider Charlotte to be an epicenter of culinary delights but this place is decent enough if you're looking for a brunch spot with quaint ambiance and delightful scenery.  Located in the Piedmont section inside a hybrid shopping area/apartment complex, this place offers outdoor seating and pleasant people-watching.  Our waiter, Adam, was quite attentive, possessed a witty, dry humor that I thoroughly enjoyed, and even offered us a table although we had shown up 15 minutes prior to opening time.  Note: the place opens at 11a on Sundays but liquor is served starting at 12p due to local law.  We ordered a round of oysters to start but they were not served with the usual condiments I expect: horseradish, lemon, hot sauce.  We couldn't find the waiter in time so I just gobbled them down.My main dish was a special of the day: sausage and steak in a skillet with poached eggs over polenta.  Edible but the steak and sausage were overcooked and I found the overall taste factor to be a 5/10.  Akin to what you can order at a NYC diner.  My brother's girlfriend ordered a quiche with a bacon crust and THAT was scrumpdiddlyumptious.  Without the bacon crust, not sure the dish would have been as delicious.  Bacon does make everything taste better, doesn't it?To round off my meal, I ordered the "George's Bloody Mary."  Supposedly THE bloody mary of all bloody marys.  I never order this drink, ever.  I probably should not have let this be my first go at it.  It was served in a HUGE glass but something served in such a quantity should match its size in flavor.  I found it to be a bit watered down.  I did enjoy the two shrimp and pickled green beans served with it and, surprise (!), the horseradish I had been longing for with my oysters.Overall, upscale diner-quality breakfast, with slightly higher upscale prices.
3	How does one rate a place that serves tasty food that sadly makes them deathly ill the next morning? Well, let's begin with the facts. I came to this establishment with three guests. The decor was nice. The atmosphere was quiet. I believe we were one of two tables being served on this particular night. My party and I all tried a shrimp dish, which was one of their specials. The flavor was good.Service was slow, especially since it was a fairly slow night. The next morning, all of my friends were sick, as was I. Coincidence? Perhaps. Or it could have been the shrimp.It will take me a while to gain the courage to give George's a second try. Right now, I can't even think about it without feeling nauseous. Luckily, it seems like this was perhaps a fluke, for some of my other friends have had good experiences here. No restaurant is perfect.
4	Have visited Georges twice over the past couple of months. Both times the service was excellent and the food lacking ever so slightly.I had a mushroom pasta on my first visit.  Mushroom pasta was far too oily for my liking but as the cuisine is French, maybe I shouldn't judge the butter?  The rest of our group enjoyed their steaks and charcuterie.  I was quite happy with the wine recommendations and the cheese plate.  Second visit - the ratatouille pasta was far less oily but lacked the amount of vegetables one would expect from a dish made entirely of such.  Mostly pasta..little veg.  The "local tomato salad" was stellar and I would return just for the burrata cheese - sublime.  Unfortunately my preferred wine was no longer being served but the wait staff came to the rescue with another pairing that worked equally as well.  At each visit, our servers showed showed professionalism at its finest with their heightened knowledge of Georges' dishes and the ingredients involved.  We will return!
5	This was the best place for creme brulee that we have found in Charlotte so far. We did appetizers for food and all were delicious. The escargot, cheese board, fried green tomatoes. Mmm!
5	Absolutely fabulous! Was highly recommended and they did not disappoint. We will definitely be back.
5	OK, I have NO idea WHY I originally gave this place only 4 stars. Well OK, I do know why. I was new here and didn't want to rate everything 5 stars. That's it.But, now that I've lived here almost 4 years, I've been coming to George's for almost the entire time, and I have YET to have one bad meal here! I've been here about a dozen times, and every time it's consistently really good.That my friends makes it a FIVE STAR restaurant in MY books!I recently had their pork chop. With the Crispy Brussel Sprout leaves with Balsamic Vinegar. OMFG....are these Brussel sprouts INCREDIBLE! I use to HATE (and I do mean HATE) Brussel sprouts! NO MORE. IF you get a chance, order an entire plate of these delectable wonders. I can eat about 20 pounds of this stuff. It is THAT good!Get their $1 oysters on Friday night betwee 3 and 7pm. GREAT deal!A must come to see when in Charlotte!
4	Good place for a quick breakfast. Very good portions, we didn't need lunch afterwards! Massive menu with lots of choice and very good value for money! Only disappointment was that we discovered this place close to the end of our visit!
4	Excellent Georges house! Everything is really good specially the cinamon roll pancake, its amazing! The wait is very long doesnt matter the time or day you drop by so be ready.
2	I have enjoyed eating at your brasserie for years.Today we tried you for brunch. Had the Oscar Benedict. Very disappointing. I specifically asked about the crab meat. First waiter said "Oh, we deleted this(CRAB) from dinner menu. Let me check." He then  told me it was jumbo lump from Maryland. I thought OK, this will be good.When it came it was back fin meat, no lumps and his reply was well," i told you it came from a can mad in USA" If he had , I would never have ordered it. You should either get fresh crab or take off the brunch menu too. English muffin was not even toasted. Hollandaise was great! Yes, I am a foodie and very particular, That is why I asked.Thanks for the read. Robin
3	We were in there Saturday night and there were 2 bartenders and it took a good 4 minutes to get anyone to recognize us and come over. Oh, there were a total of 7 people in the entire bar area. I asked the female bartender what the count was on their shrimp and she told me 10-12 count. I ordered 3 they came out and they were 21-26 count shrimp. Just small and for $2 a piece not worth it at all. Didnt know how to serve my double espresso either. Just bad service.
5	Woah!  Hold the line.  This place makes you feel so awesome!!  The ambience is very Hollywood-ish with dark corners and occasional live bands, mood lighting near the bar, and a waitstaff that are the best, bar none.  I had a New Year's Eve reservation for myself and 4 friends.  The waitstaff were super professional and friendly.  The manager stopped what she was doing to come take a photo of our table so that we could all be in a photo together.  The seafood is by far the best I have had in Charlotte (and I'm from the East Coast, so I know great seafood when I see it).  The NYE menu was a fixed 4 course meal, and it was out of this world.  The scallops were seasoned to perfection and not over cooked.  My salad had goat's cheese and arugula that was well-washed and flavorful.  I had a peanut butter and chocolate tower for dessert that was finger licking good!  When we were leaving, the waitress who served us ran out of the restaurant to ask if we would like a group photo in their red carpet that lead up to the entrance.  That was so unexpected and awesome.   We will now have those memories for a long time.  I would recommend this place a million times over!!  But, make a reservation ahead of time!!!!  Be sure to try their raw bar!!  Happy Eating!!
4	Georges is one of those places your going to take you significant other or an important business client to dinner.I had the Cassoulet. Pork and duck confit pieces.This is fine dining at its best and probably a great place to impress your date.
4	Remarkable service and food. We chose the eight course tasting paired with wine. May God bless Georges Brasserie for the best dinner of the year! I will definitely go back.
