5	Downtown rooftop bar with one hell of a view from CityScape!  The temperature dropped enough to really enjoy sitting out and having drinks under the stars.  They do focus on specialty cocktails and you can kick it next to the rooftop pool as well.Definitely a place to be seen.  The Kimpton has hit the spot with this location.  A must for anyone hitting up downtown.Dive in with a Absinthe Fizz, You Call It, or a Swizzle.Can't wait to go back.
4	This bar has everything it needs to be a huge hit: a great rooftop bar with a pool, view of the city, a city vibe, delicious cocktails, trendy furniture, friendly staff and did I mention delicious drinks!? Let's start with first things first. Lustre Bar is situated on the second floor of the Kimpton in Downtown Phoenix. Since the Kimpton is already on the second level to begin with, the Lustre Bar is well above the street level and therefore welcomes great views of Downtown and especially views of the Sun's arena and Chase Field. Seating is plenty and where most rooftop bars like this would require the purchase of a table in order to sit in one of the trendy seats, Lustre does not. While you sit outside under the stars, the luminous lights provide a lounge atmosphere and the music keeps you entertained. This is definitely a great bar to visit after a long workday, after a sporting event, concert, show or simply if you want to go out in Downtown Phoenix and have a good time. Plus if you want some delicious food, eat at the Blue Hound downstairs first and then head upstairs after dinner for post-dinner cocktails at Lustre. Before I go, I should mention the delicious cocktails. These are mixology masterpieces with fresh fruit, cool flavors and appeals to every type of palate. I go for the fruity ones and really loved the Floradora with beefeater gin, lime, raspberry syrup, ginger and soda.
4	Great rooftop bar to grab a drink, enjoy the view of Phoenix and stick your feet in the pool.  The bartender is super nice, the drinks are good and the atmosphere is relaxed.  If you visit in the summer, sit near the pool as it is much cooler.
5	I almost don't want to post this review because I feel like Lustre is my little secret, but I'm a nice gal, so I'll do the Yelp community a favor and share it:You may not know it yet, but your soul has been searching for an amazing pool-side, rooftop bar with breathtaking views of downtown and the mountains to the South.  You just found it.  What more could you ask for?  An excellent happy hour you say?  Well, check that one off your list too!  I think I might become a fixture at this place.Come for the free yoga on Wednesdays; stay for the free happiness.
5	LOVE Lustre Bar! It's on the 2nd floor of Hotel Palomar at Cityscape. Hotel Palomar is already on top of Cityscape, so the 2nd floor offers a great view of the city! We went for happy hour on Friday and had a blast! They have $6 signature cocktails, 1/2 off most wines and several apps and flatbreads for under $6! I had the pulled duck flatbread with apples and Gruyere, which was dynamite! I also had this drink called Ruppels somethingorother that's my new fave drink, for now. it's prosecco, honey, allspice liquore and I think lemonade...awesomeness! the atmosphere at Lustre is super chill. Open air rooftop bar with a great live DJ a bit later in the evening and a pool to have drinks by. All in all, I couldn't ask for more out of a cool downtown rooftop bar!
4	This ultra hip rooftop pool lounge is just what any city needs... but especially Phoenix!! With the addition of Cityscape and it's numerous bars and restaurants Lustre neede to step up to the plate and deliver something unique... and it did just that! Lustre offers an eclectic cocktail menu as well as the standard draft and bottled beers, not only poolside, but on a great rooftop with a pretty good view! My only complaints are that they close too early (maybe this will change as they get busier...), and there's no smoking area... which is weird since it's an outside bar... Oh well, I can go without for a round or two! Well worth a visit next time you're partying in downtown Phoenix!
5	For the Central Phoenix crowd, the Clarendon Hotel has long been our only option for a true rooftop hangout. My heart is still with the Clarendon (gotta support local, the views are unobstructed and awesome and there's nothing like getting happy hour tacos from Gallo Blanco and a margarita in a plastic cup and taking them upstairs for a sunset feast) BUT there is a new kid in town, and it's bringing a funkier, sleeker vibe to the scene. For starters, I love the fact that Lustre Bar is by the hotel pool. Granted, I haven't been in it yet, but one of these days, I may down too many well made daquiris and end up diving in. But I digress. The other thing that really makes Lustre cool is the furniture - from the pool lounges to the sofas, it has a very cool mid-century-modern-meets-today vibe. The views aren't too shabby either - you can look out and see the mountains to the south, as well as Chase Field and US Airways Center. My only complaint about the view is the very large advertisements covering the sides of the two large towers. Since they're only really viewable from the bar, I'm wondering how many folks they're actually going to reach. Lest I forgot, I should also mention that the few times I've been, there's been a really great DJ, adding even more to the cool atmosphere. Last but not least, of course, Lustre Bar serves the fantastic cocktails from Blue Hound downstairs. Stop by during HH, get yourself a $6 Tommy's Margarita, kick back and enjoy the views and beats. Scottsdale may finally have some competition :)
4	Love this place! The ambiance is very chill and laid back here. The best part about it is the fantastic view of downtown Phoenix. This place is definitely helping out the downtown scene. Sometimes they have people perform, and sometimes a dj spins chill music (little bit of lounge, old school). The wait staff is friendly and helpful, did not take long at all to get drinks. As the weather starts to cool off more, this place is going to be packed. I didn't appreciate the short male bartender that stood there and continued to look at everyone and everything else but me as I was waiting to order a drink. Other than that, I really dig this place. While the crowd is a mixed set, I've noticed most of the patrons are a little bit of an older crowd. Regardless, I'll def be back.
2	Great experience, except for the outrageously RUDE waitstaff.i met some friends at Lustre Bar last night before a concert. I had been there once before & liked the location & ambience. It was around 7:00 pm & it was the perfect temperature for a drink on the rooftop. We ordered a couple of appetizers which were delicious, though we had to wait almost half an hour for them to arrive.I definitely would have given the place at least 4 stars except we got the grouchiest server in the world! Just having a bad day was no excuse for her totally uncalled for rude behavior. I hope management reads this review, because unless they get rid of this employee they will lose a lot of customers. She never smiled, rarely spoke & was really abrupt. Everyone at the table immediately noticed her rudeness. At the end she plunked the check down at the table and stalked off without one word. Hey, is it too hard to say "thanks"?
4	Cool roof top, hang out....  Awesome view, pool, good prices.
4	This is the best pool bar outside of Scottsdale. Came here with a couple of hot chicks (Keke and Ashley) for drinks. I had the turkey burger because I was starving. It was a little on the burnt side; we'll call it cajun style. The french fries are the bomb, and the drinks were good. Service was pretty good.I need to come back on a weekend. I heard they have a DJ
5	Great atmosphere. Outside pool/bar/restaurant has limited menu. A very good turkey burger. Brianna was very attentive and friendly as was the blonde manager. Avoid the short young lady with long straight black hair. She has more important things on her mind than serving customers. We would come back here again.
5	I've now been here 4 or 5 times and every time Lustre has exceeded my expectations.  Great drinks, nice patio that reminds you that you're in a real city, and fantastic service.
4	We found Lustre on Yelp, and had to ask a vallet attendant how to find the place. It turns out it was on the roof patio of a hotel downtown, but it was such a gem! Very cool vibe, wonderful view of the downtown city scape. Reminded me of the W Scottsdale, which I love. The only reason I don't give it a 5 star is because we waited a long time for service, and it was a bit pricey, which I would expect from an establishment like this, but the wait was too much considering it wasn't that busy. I would still come back for the atmostphere! Super cool.
1	Signature drinks-awful. Just really bad. The patrons were mostly low life. A fight even broke out. Place sucks
3	The drinks are fine and the view nice. I would probably say it should be 3 and 1/2 stars, but there is really nothing notable or speacial about this bar.
4	This is a great bar to hang out and have a drink and appetizer.  It's located on the 3rd floor of the Palomar hotel.  It's really beautiful.  The drinks aren't cheap or expensive.  My friends and I ordered the chips, salsa and guacamole.  The guacamole was delicious.  My friend and I ordered the Summer Smash.  Great martini.  I would order it again.
5	Super cool bar.  Set on an outdoor rooftop, with a pool and lounge area.  Great staff, great drinks!
4	Great bar with excellent views of downtown Phoenix.  You are perched on top of the building with an open balcony.  Plenty of seating, bar area to enjoy the open element of this bar.I did enjoy spending time with a few friends here, however the one thing I would add for winter would be several space heaters.  Since this is an open bar and no real shelter from the elements a few heaters would be great.  Just dress warm if you plan on going here at night.  If you can get past the cold nights here, the view is superb.
5	A great New Year event.  I enjoyed the drinks, outdoor environment, and the all you can eat food.  Yes that's right the kitchen staff brought out wings, chicken kabobs, and sliders.  Plenty of grub to enjoy during the rooftop celebration of the New Year.I am glad they had plenty of heaters since it was in the 30/40 degree range, which is cold for the majority of us.  With the 3rd floor open roof, the heaters became gathering spots for me and other cold guests.   Plenty of security and no rift raft was noted during the event.  The four of us had a good time.  Plenty of people, friendly at that and I personally had enough liquor in one night.  The fake snow was an interesting part of the New Year celebration.  The snow poured out as the New Year began.  I also noted great music, DJ was great with plenty of uplifting music.  Created plenty of energy in the crowd of people.  If I were to decide on a place to go for 2014 it will be hard not to go back to the Lustre Bar for New Years.
3	NYE 2013 Winter Wonderland party was OK.  Not bad but could be so much better! There are so many things they will need to improve upon for 2014.  1.) Bar: We could never get up to the bar so one of the waitresses waited on us in the beginning.  She took our credit cards.  We received the first round, really weak drinks for $8! Then we ordered a second round, we never received it.  The waitress came back around and we asked if we could get our drinks, very stressed and rude she said we had to wait and she had to take care of the people in the cabanas first before getting to us. We had ordered our drinks 30 minutes prior in asking where our drinks were. Never received champagne prior to midnight.  They were going to charge our cards for the drinks we never received, then asked if we wanted them. Umm no..it's been more than an hour of ordering, seriously! 2.) Since we couldn't drink prior to midnight, after the stroke of midnight around 12:20ish, we decided to go to the bar downstairs. Last call was at 12:30 and they were not serving anymore.  WHAT!   And the staff (four to five) were again somewhat rude that we were wanting to order drinks and we were sober.  Just wanted to enjoy the celebration. So we went back up and finally got to the bar to order a drink.  The head chef came by and I FINALLY got a glass of champagne.3.) I didn't try the food but my friends liked the variety of food. 4.) DJ..find another one..music selection was really odd ..drummer was cool5.) The amount of people was perfect.  It wasn't obnoxiously crowded and people seemed to enjoy themselves.6.) That morning we heard that the food was spoiled and they weren't going to have the NYE menu which we were all looking forward to.7.) If you're spending $200 for a room that night, you should be able to get comp tickets.8.) More staff is needed, and individuals who can handle the crowd.  The waitress we had couldn't handle it for sure especially when she snapped at us for no reason. Good idea but the execution of the event needs to be flawless for it to take off.  There were so many things I saw that needs to be done.  Three of us are in events management and yelpers, it's bad when we're thinking what could be better than enjoying the party. And again..we were pretty much sober.May celebrate here again but maybe not.  We will go back prior to NYE2014
3	I am really conflicted about Lustre Bar. It is an outdoor bar located on the second floor of the hotel (where the pool is). It is beautiful with plenty of comfortable seating throughout. The views are stunning. The drinks are expensive at $10 a pop. They are handcrafted cocktails (whatever that means) but I often feel they are too strong for me. On one hand, that is probably good because at $10, you won't need to drink many. But I want to enjoy my drinks, so I don't know. You can also order food while you are up there, from the Blue Hound kitchen, which is cool. Keep in mind, though, that it is a limited menu. We came for the NYE party and that was a bit of a train wreck: The good: Cover charge was reasonable at $20. The music was great and there wasn't one particular genre, so there was something for everyone. There was a complimentary buffet of light items. The bad: There wasn't enough heat lamps so groups of people were often huddled under them and I even saw people with blankets. Really????? Service was horrendous and absent. There were only 3 girls working the grounds and at point I ordered a drink from our waitress and we didn't see her for 45 minutes. Plus, I never got the drink I ordered from her. At one point, she sniped at us that she was really busy and never came back. I spoke with an employee about it and he handled it. If we wanted to go to the bar instead, that was a half hour wait to get a drink. It was awful. I was really surprised at how little staffed this NYE party was. Again, overall, I am conflicted about how I feel about Lustre Bar. I think it still has some growing pains.
2	Ok so the bar is on the patio of the second floor of a hotel.. bad ass looking pool, bad ass looking view, yada, yada.. where were the waitresses?So we were part of the Mardi Gras pub crawl in downtown over the weekend and yeah everyone was drunk... including me. But being drunk having a good time and noticing a few things should say something right?  I'm not sure but being my first time here it was damn cold! But I cant really complain because it was an outside patio thats the name of the game. Ok well were the hell were the waitresses? Seriously we were there for at least an hour and had to fight for a place at the bar anytime we wanted a drink...  F that noise. Call me crazy but I dont want to have to get up from my couch area (that I just prewarmed with my ass because it was cold out) and wait at the bar for 20 minutes to get an overpriced drink (that I'll probably finish by the time I get back) to walk back and either find my spot taken or freezing cold again... *sigh* damn it... but this is also my first time... I have to visit this place again before I make a definitive F that decision
4	Went here as part if the pub crawl. This place was different because it was on the patio of a hotel in downtown phoenix.  The staff was friendly and good but I think they may have been surprised by the amount of people that showed up so getting a drink was kind of slow. I think on a normal night this would not have been an issue.  Once the drinks were obtained they were very delicious.   The ambiance was fabulous with couches to sit in groups and tables and chairs for a more intimate affair.
4	This is a great new addition to downtown Phoenix.  It reminds me of a pool bar that you would find in Scottsdale, but with a completely different crowd.  Great location in the cityscape complex that allows for bar hoping, and has fantastic views of the US airways center and downtown.  The cocktail list is fun, and expected at $10 a drink.  Bar staff is polite and the bar food is from the blue hound kitchen, so it's great.Can't wait to actually go when it's warm out.
5	No matter what others may say about you Lustre, I will always like you!!! :) I like this bar, and it's not because of the drinks, food or music all that much, but mostly because of its pool and rooftop view!! Supa Supa AWESOME view!!  I love night lights, so I go ga-ga for views like the one Lustre offers! Oh so breathtaking and almost unobstructed. The service can be a little slow and at times nowhere to be found, but overall this spot is the spot to go to when in DT Phoenix with a group of crazy good friends!! :)  Have fun!!
5	Five stars - Great DJ (Drea) mixing indie pop, rooftop bar awesome AZ night, good signature cocktails (floradora), friendly service (Brianna), fireworks from neighboring Chase Field lit up the sky.
4	So, I was here for a Yelp Mixology event several months back and my mouth dropped as soon as I entered the roof top section. It is a very beautiful scene! You are on a roof top, overlooking Phoenix with a beautiful pool calling your name. The servers came around and offered their appetizers for all of us to sample and enjoy and I must say that food was amazing as well. The cocktail list is fun, filled with delectable and fresh drinks and expect to pay around $10 a drink.  This reminds me of some of the chic roof top pool bars in NYC. Once again this is a gem in downtown Phoenix that has made me happY!!
5	This is one of my favorite bars in downtown. I love the atmosphere!
5	I absolutely love Lustre Bar!The view is amazing.The crowd is nice.The drinks are made well.Overall, good vibes, great views and killer decor.I love ya Lustre ;)Phoenix is beginning to feel more "city like" thanks to this amazing place.PS. The pool is also pretty amazing!
4	We came here before a D.Backs game for a drink. The staff was very nice and the fresh cocktails were tasty!
4	Very cool rooftop bar. Phoenix actually looks like a city from up there. Crazy.Located off of the 3rd floor or so of the Palomar hotel at Cityscape, Lustre overlooks the eastern part of the "sports" district downtown. There is a stairway up from the second level of Cityscape, but its best to just enter the hotel and take the elevator up. Theres plenty of comfy seating as well. We were here at night and it was gorgeous out, I cant imagine coming here during the day/ early in the afternoon though. Its just so exposed.That said, the drinks are great. I had a Camellia Cooler (they have it on tap). It was very refreshing. The majority of the craft cocktails they offer are Southwestern themed (or more specifically AZ themed). Im gonna have to come back and try the Brass Monkey. Sunbru, OJ, housemade Curacuo, and orange bitters? Yes please.It was a great addition to our little downtown bar crawl.
4	I like Lustre Bar. It's a roof top pool lounge. That's 4 awesome words in a row! I have never been here when it has been really packed, but I'd love to see it. I have been here a few times when the atmosphere has been relaxing and nice. They have some good drinks for happy hour. Good to excellent service depending on the night. The clientele is hit and miss, I guess much due to its dependence on who is staying at the hotel this place is located on top of. Dead smack center Phoenix downtown, so the view is quite nice. I find this is a place I have to investigate further... and I will...und das..
5	Awesome outdoor bar/poolGreat location for events or parties!
4	I went to Lustre bar for my boyfriends birthday when it opened in May. Let me tell you, the views from this place are unbeatable. It's a little bit pricey but what do you expect from one of the only "rooftop" bars in the city? It's very reminiscent of many bars I've been to in NYC and Miami. Great music and great people.Overall, if you're downtown you must grab a drink at Lustre.
4	I had a great time with some friends Saturday night and this is where we met up with them.First off, location is great. The downtown scene is much better than before! I thought the roof top bar was awesome! You're surrounded by tall buildings and see Chase Field all lit up. Way cool. It's a bit pricey. But it was cool to meet up here and check it out. Too bad it was sprinkling last night, no cover from the elements!
4	Loved it. Good food, great atmosphere and the best downtown views. We even got fireworks that night!
4	Roof Top on the 3rd floor of the Palomar Hotel.......go figure!So with that saying, the 3rd floor view was cool especially at night when the lights of Chase Field are on. We came to have a drink after having dinner at the Blue Hound Kitchen and we really like the vibe, the music and it was a beautiful evening....in SEPT!  This place is spacious with inviting lounge chairs, patio sofas, high tops and the bar.  The DJ was playing some great music it was very inviting.  The bar was limited they only serve can beer....nothing on tab, the liquor was limited not all top shelf but sufficient.  Everything is served in a can or plastic due to the pool area.  All in all the crowd was diverse and the DJ was playing to the crowd which made it fun.
5	This bar has amazing drinks! They have anything but ordinary drinks on their menu which is a nice change! There's a beautiful view from the rooftop!
5	We loved this place because its just so comfortable and cool. Its perfect for a couple drinks downtown. Our friends have had parties here before and we have always enjoyed hanging out, and the food is awesome.For a great atmosphere go here.
2	I went to a networking event at Lustre and we had a pretty bad experience. Our server was inattentive - about half our people had to go to the bar for drinks. (There were ~10 people in our group.) The flat breads were good but the rest of the food we ordered was bland. Our bill was all messed up - wrong prices for items and it took them way too long to figure out how to get a voided copy of the wrong bill for our hosts records. One of our group members asked for her the bill and she said she saw our server drinking a martini instead of getting it for her.The ambiance and the view from the rooftop was very nice, but overall, I don't recommend this place.
5	Stopped here twice while staying at the Palomar, and each time was enjoyable. Living in Manhattan, this was reminiscent of home, although it was very dead. Service was great, but would like to see a more expanded menu. Tried the tomato mozzarella and turkey flatbreads, both were great. Didn't try any of the cocktails, but they had a two decent red blends on the menu. Prices seemed average for the area.
2	I've heard great things about Lustre Bar and have always wanted to go.  My parents were in town for the holiday and after dinner at The Arrogant Butcher (always a favorite), we headed up to Lustre.  The ambiance is great although it definitely strikes me as more of a summer/warm weather destination.  The drinks were disappointing to say the least.  My husband ordered a Manhattan and received an Old Fashioned.  My friend ordered a cider that never arrived.  The drink menu was very interesting the execution was lacking. Definitely a bummer.
1	If i could give 0 stars I could. The service was so atrocious, its not even worth spending the time to review. Ended up walking out.
4	I first paid a visit to Lustre for a Yelp Cocktail Society competition and had a blast trying to make the most delicious cocktail out of four different teams. It had been awhile since that event and just recently I needed to come up with a cool place for my boyfriend's birthday. We decided Lustre would be great because it's so open and relaxing for larger parties. They also have an amazing selection of drinks with lots of fresh juices. Yum! I love the location and view of downtown Phoenix from Lustre Rooftop Garden Bar. Lustre Bar is located on the 3rd floor of the swanky Hotel Palomar. We had reserved a hotel for the birthday festivities and it was definitely the best plan ever. We had the option of having cake and champagne in the hotel room and then we headed up to Lustre for a few more rounds. If you are visiting Phoenix, this hotel is centrally located in downtown Phoenix with access to CityScape dining and entertainment, Golds Gym and the Valley Metro Light Rail, as well as Chase Field and US Airways Center, home of the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Phoenix Suns.  Make sure to plan a pool party at Lustre in the spring! It's definitely on my to-do list.
1	Were it possible to rate zero stars, I would have done that.I had the absolute worst experience at a restaurant/bar  of my life at Lustre.After sitting at our table, we waited 35 minutes and never received service at all. Bussers came by and assured us someone would be over. We went to the bar to get menus and they assured us someone would be over. After 25 minutes, we saw a manager and walked up and asked him if we could have someone come take our order and how long we'd been waiting. From him, more of the same empty promises.The staff at Lustre couldn't care less about its patrons. Save yourself time and head to one of the many nearby establishments that actually exists for its customers.We walked out.
5	Best atmosphere in downtown. Killer pregame spot and an even better place to share a few drinks by the pool during the summer months. Hotel Palomar is pretty awesome all around but this is my favorite spot.
1	This is one of my only Yelp reviews, but this place is so disappointing I'm actually writing the review while still in the restaurant.Menu on their web site is 'not available'. We were given the menu for the restaurant downstairs, which had far fewer veg options and that mattered to our group.Took 30+ min for the food to arrive only with the explanation that 'the ticket didn't make it down to the kitchen'. The kicker, the grilled cheese sandwich was stone cold. The cheese was already hardening. Server was polite but forgot about the Kale Salad I ordered and had to be asked twice for the bill.They ended up comping the whole meal. A fair solution, but they really just need to do a better job overall.
5	Really great roof top bar/restaurant. The ambiance is amazing. Not much selection on drafts though. We were basically just enjoying the sunlight on the balcony and have heaters going when it's cold. They have tv's there too so it's easy to watch the game. We got the cheese plate which was good as well.
4	We stopped by for a drink in December.  It was freezing but they had heaters so that was nice.  Great views of the city.  I could see this place being a lot of fun in the summertime with the pool.  They had a DJ playing but the cold had cleared everyone out.  Drinks were strong.  A really good time.  I wish more places were like this in Phoenix.
1	DONT GO. THIS PLACE SUCKS. My girlfriend and I came here on a Sat night (Jan 10th) around 11pm. BAD idea. We walk up the stairs...No one was carding at the entrance. We sat at the bar and witnessed:1) Obnoxious drunk people dancing around, bumping into people, falling! NO security. There was a police presence(2), but they must've been on break. Mgmt nor staff paid attention to the ruckus the drunkards were causing.2) A bartender was serving an underage kid (he looked like he was 16/17yo!) beer. Jokingly, I asked this "kid" to see his license and he flips me the bird! Yep, definitely UNDER AGE. No wonder noone was checking ID at the entrance! 3) LOW on stock?! I overheard they were out of cranberry juice, Manadrin vodka, some type of beer and almost out of Grey Goose! And this is a bar...on a Saturday night...seriously?!The pictures on the website are SO DECEIVING, but maybe because the majority of the customers came from a motor cross show (lol!), but this place is NOT POSH AT ALL like the pics on the website lead you to believe. It was not a sophisticated place at all: chairs were all scattered about, sofa cushions topsy turvy, tons of cigarette butts on the stair landing! Whoever was on mgmt that night, was not running a tight ship. This place needs a major overhaul on staff: get bouncers/security, professional bartenders who are attentive to customers, stock up the bar. Good luck! The only thing going for this place is location...Oh and the DJ, but that's about it. This place is disappointing! Would never go back again.
4	Located on the third floor of the hotel next to the pool.  Great view of the downtown area!  We went on a Sunday afternoon, and we were the only customers there.  It was really quiet and relaxing.Drinks were pretty good.  Food was great.  They have some surprisingly tasty salads here.  I would highly recommend for locals or people from out of town.  They validate parking if you parked in the parking garage in the building.
4	On the 3rd floor rooftop of the Palomar Hotel looking towards the South, you will find this bar. It's a bit hard to find from the street - you have to go up an escalator at City Center and then up some stairs off to the side. There is a vast array of seating selection. As this is the hotel's pool as well, there are cabanas, beach lounge chairs around the pool  as well as separate outdoor couches with coffee tables and regular tables and high tops. As well, there is a bar in the center with TVs. The space is really nice - who doesn't love a rooftop? You can see the sports venues from here - so would be a great place to go for a quick drink before the game. The food was good - I recommend the burger highly. It's grass-fed beef with pepper jack cheese. I think the only drawback is that this isn't really meant to be a restaurant - it's pool food. So the menu is very limited (burger with chips or a salad, not fries or cheese plate, charcuterie plate, etc.) However, I would definitely consider it a destination to go before a game for appetizer or a quick drink to enjoy the weather and the view.Oh yeah! And because this is a pool - the drinks come in plastic cups/glasses (reusable fortunately!) and all the beers are on draft or canned. Just so you aren't caught off guard. One side note - they don't have Kiltlifter on draft.
4	My friends and I had a great time here on a Friday night. The bartender was really attentive. I didn't notice any underage drinking (as other reviewers had) and the bartender carded everyone who approached the bar while I was there. We didn't have any food, but the drinks were fabulous. The mojito was the best I've ever had. And if you are looking for a great shot, ask for the Winter. I don't remember a DJ that night, but maybe he/she was on the pool side? The ambiance was really nice. Love the rooftop and the whole pool thing.I would definitely return especially with a swimsuit to take advantage of the water.
2	Our server Brooke was awesome and she did the best job she could. The kitchen was super slow and the drinks were mediocre. The place is trendy and the atmosphere was great but the drinks felt like there was no liquor in it and the food was okay. I was sadly disappointed and probably won't return because there are just too many places to go downtown.
5	Valentine's Day with my baby and Lustre Bar I could not have been better. Brooke Coty gave us the best service ever!  The Lustre burger is so delicious. Beautiful evening wonderful ambience.
5	Drinks are extremely good. Fresh ingredients, innovative combinations, and not too sweet like many places. We had flat bread and the Lustre burger. Taste and presentation was excellent. Our server was great, she was just very busy. This place is a draw.
1	Most horrendous service I've ever experienced.  Wife and I were meeting a larger group for drinks at 8PM on a Friday night.  We arrived at 7:30 to have something to eat before everyone else arrived.  It looked like there were 2 guys working the bar and there were 2 or 3 servers.  There were only about 10 customers sitting down at the time.  As we started sitting at the bar the bar tender handed us a menu and said that if we wanted food it would take about 30 minutes and suggested we go find a table.  So we went and sat at a table for 4 and looked over the menu.  29 minutes passed with each of the servers walking past us without asking if we needed anything.  The rest of our party started showing up and still no server took our order.  So I went to the bar to order.  As I attempted to order a couple draft beers the bartender explained that the taps were not working.  That left us with the choice of $5-$6 canned beer or $10 mixed drinks.  He then asked if we had already ordered food.  I explained that no one came to out table which is why I was ordering at the bar.  He apologized and took out order.After receiving our $6 cans of beer we joined the rest of our party who had sat at one of the large couches. There we sat for another 20 minutes before a server came to take orders.  By that time everyone in our party had already gone to the bar.
2	My friend wanted to go out for her birthday so 10 of wound up at this place on 2/15/2014.The good:The view is amazing and if you get there early enough (730 ish) snagging a coveted cabana spot by the pool is no problem. It lacks any real table space, but it worked.The bad:Read the menu before coming, it's mostly vegan friendly fare. If you like real meat, there 3 items that have it. Luster burger, Turkey and Bacon flat and the turkey burger. All of is was overpriced for what you got and it took literally forever. One of our friends lives in far Southeast Chandler (over 50 miles). He texted us he was leaving his house right after we ordered our appetizers. He arrived to our table before the food did. (almost an hour). Our drinks that had been ordered at the same time had arrived moments before. At this point in time the place was not that busy, most of the patio tables were vacant, half the pool area was as well and there appeared to be 2 servers, a dark haired girl and a blonde. We had the dark haired girl and clearly we were not a priority. Eventually the blonde took our secondary drink orders and seemed way pissed off having to cover for the other girl (not that we blame her).The drinks were OK, but nothing to write home about.This place has a ton of potential but until I read the service has improved I won't be returning. Go down the stairs to the Tilted Kilt, no views, but the service and food is much better.
3	I've been here three times. Almost didn't come the third because I had such terrible service the first two times, but my friend had a stellar Groupon so I thought, what the hell. Best service I've had there! Our server, Jessica, was amazing! We told her and then teased her that she must be new. Yep! She was 2 weeks in. And, of course, from the Midwest :) Our food was good, but I feel service is everything. So if you go, ask for Jessica.
5	Stopped at Lustre before heading to Stand up Live last night. The weather was perfect as well as the service, food and drinks. We shared a flat bread and some chips and guacamole.  Both were really good. The drinks are fantastic and they also have a really light cider that was so refreshing and not to sweet. The DJ was playing a great variety of alternative music and tons of people were dancing. We had such a great time that we came back and hung out after the Stand up show. Will definitely be back!!
5	This is my FAVORITE bar in all of Phoenix!! I just moved to Scottsdale from L.A. & it's hard to find a good bar or lounge that compares to my favs back in SoCal, but I ended up at Lustre after a Suns game one night and fell in love with this gem! Lustre is BY FAR one of the best spots in town! The atmosphere, good views, service, food, & drinks are all amazing. I love going here before or after I hit up a Suns game. The bartender Jorden is quite possibly one of the best in town - his mojito is the bomb. Ken and all of the rest of the staff at Lustre are great too. Keep up the good work management!
5	Beautiful and serene pool area to hang out and have a drink.The staff is fantastic, specifically Jessica aka Cupcake (although only her closest friends call her that, and she's kind of a badass). Courteous and hilarious. All around a great time!
1	Good music, great location. Incompetent management and crappy service. There was maybe 30.people there on a Friday night and it took 20 minutes to get a round of drinks.
5	This is the best rooftop poolside bar in the city! The bartender, Jordan, is one of the best bartenders I have ever encountered. He treated us like royalty and was super friendly and welcoming. Had the chicken nachos - bomb! Crispy chips, lots of cheese and big piles of guac and salsa on top. Also had a few woodchuck ciders - love that they have the cider on tap! And serve it in a plastic tumbler so you can enjoy it poolside :)
5	Amazing time at Lustre Bar! For Beautiful panoramic views and a contemporary atmosphere, this is the place. Don't forget to ask for Jessica, as she is simply the best! Attentive and easy to converse with. Had the Cafe Racer cocktail, which was outstanding. Can't go wrong with Jasmine infused vodka! Looking forward to our return visit to downtown Phoenix and the Lustre Bar!!
4	Perfect bar for the summer. Beautiful pool with an incredible view of the city. Drinks are  reasonably priced and delicious.
4	***Located in the hip, stylish Hotel Palomar is the perfectly hip and stylish Lustre Bar, which features a dark and contemporary bar and lounge area as well as an upscale but more casual pool-side bar (the pool is open to the public on weekends in the summer); I did not try much of their food, but their grilled shishito peppers were nicely done***I am not sure what the parking situation is at the Hotel Palomar.
4	A trendy roof-top bar atop a trendy hotel with a pool either in or next to the bar (I assume for hotel guests only, but am not sure).  There is a lot of eye candy up here, service is slow, and it's a beautiful view in a clean, cool environment.  There are a number of large booth/couch type tables which face the rest of the bar for people-watching.If you want to relax, have a few drinks, and people-watch, this is a great place.  If you're in a rush, or expect somebody to wait on you, go elsewhere.
5	Discovering Lustre Bar has been the highlight of my stay in Phoenix. As we walked upstairs we couldn't believe that a place so wonderful as this could exist. Our bartender Everett was so kind and his drinks were delicious icing on an already fabulous cake that we intended to spend all day eating. Will DEFINITELY be returning as soon as possible.
4	Live thus place. It's just a shame when you stay at the hotel that this is their only pool and even as a guest that's paying to stay there you don't get dibs over seats in the sun. The only benefit you get is being able to charge your drinks to your room other than that it's just like a separate bar and separate location from the hotel Also if you're staying at the hotel, you don't get to use the pool longer hours. It's like a club that closes. If there's nobody at the pool around nine or 10 o'clock, or anyone at the bar area around the pool, it closes. Also if you have a room that's close to the pool and there happens to be a pool party or dance party that night don't expect to get any sleep. The drinks are expensive and it's definitely a Scottsdale type scene being a pool that's on the third floor of the hotel. Good place to be seen, swim and drink. The food isn't that bad either. The mitary rate for the Paloma's is great too
4	This place has great happy hour specials with a cool/beautiful setting. They have happy hour all day on Mondays for the summer.  Prices are good and portions are more than enough.  We ordered both flat breads and the hummus trio.  Service was also great.
5	I absolutely loved this lounge area. I was hesitant due to the few negative comments on the reviews but I have to say my experience was magnificent. Mind you, I didn't eat so I am not sure how the food is... But the loungey bar part did well! I took my best friend and her boyfriend here as a tour of Phoenix and the view was beautiful. The whiskey sour mix was a bit too sour but that was the least of my worries. It was a Friday night around 9/10ish and the crowd wasn't too crowded and wasn't too less. I will be coming here again!
2	Cool place but cocktail were sour! Pool closed no corn hole/bags. Bartenders not good!!!!
4	I really like place!  Nice pool, great music, and pretty women.  This place totally resembles Vegas!  I checked it out after the NBA All Star Game and the vibe was on point at 3 pm on a Saturday afternoon.  The girl DJing (Kimberly AKA Kim E Fresh) was excellent and knew how to keep the party going.  I like her style and will definitely be on the look out for her.  She played a variety of old school, vocal, and soulful house mixes.The bartenders and service could use a little help because it's a little slow and not very attentive. The bartender I went to didn't know how to make a vesper martini nor was he familiar with certain alcohol mixes, but he made what I requested and it came out pretty good.The pool wasn't overcrowded but there were a good amount of people in the water foot bathing and relaxing.  You will see some g-strings and thongs so dont be alarmed.  The pool is free to use for patrons and guest/residents of the hotel.They also have a ping pong table and corn hole.To access Lustre, you can go inside Hotel Palomar and take the elevator to the 3rd floor.  But I think there may be another entrance next to Tilted Kilt.  Definitely check it out.  So far, this is my favorite place to relax and chill in Phoenix.
2	This review is for the day time pool party and Lustre Bar. Bartenders were nice and friendly...craft cocktails were great and relatively affordable. Ambience has potential to be awesome!HOWEVER, with no cover charge for the pool on the weekends the place had more of a public pool and middle aged woman gone wild feel. Saw two groups of women bring children with personal towels, rafts, etc (obviously locals) who didn't bother to purchase anything from the bar or waitresses. May consider cover charge to create a more upscale vibe.
2	I came in a few weeks ago during the weekend. They seemed pretty slow but it still took the waitress about 10 minutes to come greet us. I ordered one of the Sangrias which was mediocre at best and after another 10 minutes of waiting we ordered our meal. I got one of the hamburgers which tasted very plain. It was nothing special and the place is truly over priced for what they are offering. I would recommend to try the Arrogant butcher downstairs if you want to have better service.
4	My boyfriend attempted to take me on a surprise date to Pizza Bianco for my birthday early this month, and we were disappointed to discover it was closed...so I came up with the great back up plan of trying Lustre! I must say, I am very glad we had a chance to try this place. First off, the service was very good. Our bartender was very friendly and attentive. We went on a Monday, so there was almost no one there, but it was really nice. We got a couple drinks, and shared chips and salsa. I can't remember what drink I got, but I did like it. The chips and salsa were yummy, ate almost the whole thing by myself. For dinner I got the Spicy Black Bean and Portabello Mushroom Wrap. I enjoyed that as well.The best part was dipping my feet in the pool after dinner and just enjoying the view! This is a fun restaurant and I am happy I tried it.
5	I had the amazing privilege of sitting with the absolute, kindest bartender Everitt! He made my drinks to perfection was knowledgable about the area and goings on at the bar and had a million dollar smile that he flashed often. Thanks Everitt, for such an axing experience.
4	Downtown Phoenix + rooftop bar = 4 stars. Actually, I think that's all you need to know. The vibe is pretty cool, even though the view of South Phoenix is not exactly the best (focus on the mountains!). Prices are on the high end, but not extravagant. Bartenders are friendly and actually know how to make a cocktail, even one that's not on the menu!
1	I've been dying to check this place out,  and when I did I sat there for 20 minutes with multiple servers walking by, and chit chatting less than 10 yards away and none of them acknowledged me. I really wanted to like this place,  the views are awesome and the venue is loungey, however being ignored by servers sucks!
3	Eh just okay. It was hot of course and misters would have been graet.
5	Best drinks in town! Great place to hang out.  Awesome rooftop bar with a great view of the downtown area, the ball park, and arena. Perfect place to go before or after a game or before any event downtown.
4	I have no manners! Lustre Bar: Thank you for continuing to welcome everyone in. The views from the top of the Palomar Bar are just stunning. I'm sorry it has taken this long to write a thank you note.You're more than just a swank bar for happy hour fun. All summer long there were yoga sessions. Although tree poses evaded me, they offered the wonderful experience to gaze out onto the city. Onto South Mountain. While winding down at the end of yoga you're supposed to close your eyes during Shavasana. Instead I gazed upwards at the hotel. With the building stretching endlessly into the sky there was enough relaxation for the two of us.Without a bit of tension in my body I'd roll to your bar. All yoga studios should operate this way. I can't imagine what delightful drink and food specials the cooler weather will offer. However, the summer specials were killer. $6 for a respectable draft list. $6 for red and white wine. (Occasionally I'll drink the white wines. Thank you for having some.) $6 for flatbreads. $6 for hummus. (Before 6pm!)And no. I did not forget the speciality cocktails you so magically mix.I just drank too many of them. Moving on.Although I never booked a cabana I enjoyed the luxury of one last night. Oof! Late night partying is crazy! The DJ on hand for the Arizona Ballet Black & White event was superb. Dressed to the nines our group was dancing. (Not very well, but we were dancing. Or maybe that was just me :)In a heart beat I'd recommend Lustre Bar to someone looking to eat, drink and be merry in the downtown area. Parking is a cinch. Thank you for validating the first two hours at the Cityscape garage. Should I want to Light Rail it you're uber close to a stop. So thank you Lustre Bar!
3	Pretty average experience. Great view until you walk closer to the wall and you see nothing but abandoned buildings until you see South Mountain. It was cool being next to US Airways Arena and Chase field. For some reason I thought this bar was on the top of the hotel, but it's only on the third floor. Decent spot, drinks were okay, I might come back again if people from out of town are here.
4	Did a date night here last Sat and it was nice. Great drinks, beautiful view and good music selection. It was slow but we might have been there a bit too early. Didn't like that we had to keep going to bar to get more drinks as they did not have enough cocktail waitresses. Great spot to get a drink before or after dinner. Looking forward to visiting again when they have live music on Fridays and seeing it when it's busy.
