1	Aunt Chilada's at the Pointe is more about atmosphere than food.  It has a good happy hour, but the food is pretty pedestrian.  I was forced to edit and downgrade my rating because of my most recent visit.  Though the service was quite good, the food was horrific. Was there again recently with some folks from work. It was chosen since it was close to the hotel our corporate visitors were staying. I decided to forgo the usual safe burro and try the chile relleno and the spinach enchilada. O...M...G...what a mistake.  The spinach enchilada consisted of a limp tortilla filled with frozen spinach and covered in a sauce that if it wasn't from a can was seasoned with tin...ha...ha. The relleno was stuffed with queso, breaded, deepfried, covered with the same tin flavored sauce, which in turn was then covered again with rubbery white cheese. Oh boy!  What a treat!  After this meal I have made a vow to never to stray from a burro here again. So, if you plan on getting together with a big group for Happy Hour, Aunt Chilada's is an OK choice.  If you are looking for truly top flight Mexican food, there are other places that may be more appropriate.
2	This would be good mexican food if we were in Quebec someplace... maybe I shouldn't say that, maybe they have quite good Mexican food in Canada...But we have excellent Mexican food here in the Valley of the Sun.  Many five star locations.  More than any other location outside Mexico (and probably more than many a location inside Mexico)...  This spot is not one of them. As the other reviewer stated, a pretty good happy hour, which is why it gets two stars, cause let's face it, a good happy hour can really set up your whole evening.  The food is not good.
3	This place is aggravating.I think it's because when you hear of Mexican food in the Phoenix Metro area... this is place ALWAYS gets mentioned... and WHY?? ugh, aggravating!And then you go... and are like "Okay... I can see it, the duck pond is purty." and then u enter and are stared at by every half drunk person in the bar and are then shown to your table. It's a little busy and people seem to be enjoying themselves.... alright, another good sign of goodness to come. The chips and salsa are even decent.... and then the server comes. And she can BARELY speak a word of English... you try and try and still can't understand her and then u just give up and point to the menu like you're some drunken college student stopping off at Denny's before heading back to the dorm after a CRAZY night at the frat house! She writes some stuff down and then after what feels like an eternity, she plops down a HUGE plate of whatever you ordered and all it's rubbery good-less. *shudders*yup, aggravating. You try and try and become convinced that something isn't right. You think, what IS that flavor?? Nana never made anything that tasted like THAT!! But alas, your efforts are in vain... that's the horrifying facts of this would be chain. It's 90% processed foods. It's not that good. And it's what I call "safe" Mexican food. and it's very tourist friendly, it IS right next to a resort! And for some strange reason, it makes the list of places to dine when hankering for "authentic" Mexican food. Yup... aggravating.
3	I grew up around here... before there was the Pointe at South Mountain and any of the office suites that line baseline road there was orange groves and nestled within were cool old houses along with a Mexican restaurant called Juan Tanamera's.  In fact my dad's friend built his house there and I have pictures from the 70's of my dad helping to build this house.  My dad would bring my sister and I here for dinner often... the food was great and we always had a great time.  Once the Pointe was built they bought the Mexican restaurant and named it Aunt Chilada's.  Everything changed... the menu was different, the staff was different.  The only thing that remained the same was the structure of the building and the cool ponds that surrounded it which no longer have coy but sometimes an occasional duck.  I agree with the other reviewers of this place that the service is lack luster and the food is OK.  There is one thing I like here and that is the albondigas soup... small bite sized meatballs with veggies and a savory broth; they also put fideo noodles in it which makes it even better.  I do crave this soup and since it is very close to my work i often call in an order of it.  Every time I walk in to pick it up it always brings up fond memories from the past.
3	I've been here numerous times and never had a bad experience.It is what it is and I like it for that. It's not gourmet, it's not fancy or original probably not even authentic, but it's dependable.I've always been served HOT decent tasting food. Their salsa isn't  half bad even though its made from canned tomatoes with added fresh cilantro, the chips are great, always hot and fresh.Their Carnitas are some of my favorite, my husband is  fan of the cheese enchiladas and I also order the fish tacos too(see pic). All these items have been consistently good.It can get busy with the annoying resort crowd, but if your looking for just plain old generic Mexican food that will fill you up and not rip you off, this is it.Yes I've had better and yes there is better, but like I said before:It is what it is and I like it for that. It's not gourmet, it's not fancy or original probably not even authentic, but it's dependable.And I've definitely had worse!
3	The food is decent, but a word of advice.  Never sit outside if you see ducks out there.Case and point - I met my ex there for lunch.  The ducks were very active about leaving their droppings on the porch area where we were sitting.  When someone startled one of the ducks, it flew, dropping a bomb on the table next to us.If you eat inside, it's not so bad.  They really need to do something about the ducks though.
3	Food is maybe slightly above average in my opinion.  I have always had great service, however.  Reliable place to go if you're in the area.  It makes my husband's trips to Fry's Electronics across the street more tolerable for me.  Last time we went, we were seated in a separate building on the other side of the patio.  Was very nice and relatively quiet.  I'm not overly fond of the patio since Baseline is so busy.I do prefer the Aunt Chilada's on Dreamy Draw-both the food and the atmosphere.  But I'm sure I'll be back to this location again.  Damn computer geeks.
4	My favorite "Mexican" in Phoenix.... If you are planning a lunch trip, be sure to get there early (before 11:30) or you will be in for a wait - but it is well worth it.I LOVE their salsa & chips, the best anywhere IMO and they also offer a 'hot' version that you can mix in to taste.I am a fan of 'hot' foods with a bit of pep to them and Aunt Chilada's delivers on specific dishes (ie there is plenty of other offerings if spicy is not your style). The 'Aunt Chilada Special' is my favorite - a cubed, spicy beef filled enchilada covered with both red and green sauces, topped off with cheese and sour cream, served with a choice of sides (I normally go with rice and 'fidao' (sp) - kinda "Mexican spagetti".I have been eating here for many years as do many people I know, there IS a reason it is always packed - Highly recommended.There is seating both inside and outside, so depending upon the weather and your personal taste you can do either.
3	Yum and yet a bit of a yawn.  Yes it was a bit of yesterday as I appreciated the decor and the speed of the service.  Nothing stood out much.  The place was clean and made me think of driving a few hours further south for the real deal...and that cannot be bad...right?  To be reminded of the real thing so much that you want to leave where you are and go get the real thing?  Your call...not yuck, though.
4	I really like this place. One of the better Mexican restaurants in the valley. They have great food and their prices weren't outrageous. I sat outside right by a heater... it was heaven. The service was good. Our food was brought out to us right away, but the waiter neglected to notice our empty drink cups. I understand it was busy, and he looked like he was the only one outside at the time, but we were thirsty! All in all, I was satisfied. After we eat there, we usually go and sit up on South Mountain and watch the city lights and walk off the food, lol.
5	I love the food here, and great great service.  I love to sit on the patio in the spring, it is a very nice atmosphere.  Plenty of good food to choose from on the menu and the portions and sides are generous for the prices.  Never had a margarita so can't judge that but the beer tastes good.
3	Went with friends for lunch last week. I've never been- the atmosphere is fun, the place is huge and has an large outdoor seating area. Its like a Macayos on steroids. Anyway, the food was good, and the service would good also. Except for when my friend wanted a simple substitution. Before we know it, 10 minutes have gone by, I've had an entire conversation about something else with the 3rd person in our party and another staff person was brought over. One of my friends called ordering lunch "negotiating". The poor guy gave up and ordered something else entirely. It was good, it was just a weird experience.
2	I used to love to go here. The food used to be excellent every time you went. Now you never know what to expect and the prices are too high for the so-so food. I will go back again someday but not real soon. For a family of 4 dinner after my son's graduation cost $65. Way to expensive for mediocre food.
1	2 words: not good. The mexican food here is as far from authentic as you can get, plus it is overpriced. I got the chicken tortilla soup to start off with and it was soooo bland and flavorless and loaded with tons of cheesy goop. Then I got a taco and tostada and both were of lower standards than taco bell (I would have preferred a taco bell taco). When I go to a Mexican restaurant in Arizona I expect a freshly fried taco shell, not your store bought Ortega brand taco shell and I expect shredded beef, but at Aunt Chilada's you get the store bought shells and ground beef! I won't return.
1	We had a meeting in the area and the seven of us decided to hit Aunt Chilada's for a late lunch. It was convenient but that's about all.The service was friendly and quick enough, but the selections were completely overpriced. I ended up requesting just an appetizer just to keep within my lunch budget.The lemonade was bad. As in made with turned lemons and not sweet at all. And if they didn't make it, they need to clean the fountain machine or something.I got a shredded beef quesadilla and it was so greasy I had to tip my plate to keep the remainder from swimming while I tried to eat. It tasted good once I squeezed out the drippings from each piece. I wasn't impressed.But what annoyed me the most was although they automatically added a 20% tip onto every ticket, when the server brought back my change from a $20, she kept the extra 83 cents. Rounding up quite a bit there, eh? $2.73 tip for a crappy $9.50 appetizer is asking too much.Next time someone suggests this place, I'll pass.
4	This place is on my regular lunch rotation when meeting friends.  I usually get the Aunt Chilada's Special which is a green chili chimichanga, or the tacos pescado (fish tacos).  It is the only place I have ever had fedeo which is a Mexican spaghetti.    I like the food, and more importantly, my Chicana wife likes the food and she is picky about Mexican food.  This is not the cheapest place for good Mexican food, but it is a fun place to meet with friends.
1	This sorry shithole really could only survive in Touristville adjacent to the resort. Good God! I actually felt like my wallet got gang-raped for the experience: one dinner + one quesadilla appetizer + three margaritas = $60. What in the hell is that!? It would be one thing if the food was amazing.... but the so-called green chilis in my quesadilla were cut up raw mild boring jalapenos that added absolutely zero to the food (but cost an extra $2). The poor downtrodden quesadilla soon sweated an enormous pool of grease, which soaked its entire underside, rendering it inedible. One of my friends passed around a guac appetizer, and the raw onions in there would either put hair on your chest or singe it clean off, not sure which. Blech!I will add a 1/2 star because the margaritas were tasty. Either they used high end tequila, or there was no booze at all in there. For the price, I would hope it was nice tequila. Clearly, since I can't really tell either way, there wasn't much in there. I could also go so far as to add a half star for the ambiance. Total old-school Arizona touristy kitsch, and the patio was very nice for our group gathering. However, with the preponderance of wonderful places with outdoor seating, I doubt the patio alone would ever lure me back. See ya at Los Dos!
3	The patio here is so cute and fun! It was to cold to sit outside but the inside was cozy. We had to wait awhile to be seated and after waiting, the bartender finally came over to seat us. The lunch specials are a great value at $7.95. I had the taco and enchilada combo, it comes with refried beans and fideo. I got the spinach con queso inside my enchilada and it was really tasty but everything else was  average mexican food. I think the chips and salsa were the best part. They are great because you get both corn and flour tortilla chips with pico de gallo and hotter sauce. Our waitress didn't come by very often and the service was pretty slow. If I were to go here again I would definitely sit out on the patio and do chips/salsa with a frosty drink.
1	Cold, under done chips. If a Mexican food restaurant can not get this staple right how can I expect them to get much more right.  I arrived for a party that my autocross group was having. Every table had chips and salsa on it. Sombreros were used as the server platters. Senor I don't think this even meets health code. Dinner was served Buffet Style, one of the dishes was called "fandito." I can't think of a less inspired dish. It was simple pasta with some Mexican flavors thrown it, a dish that your mother would make if she had leftovers from Mexican Italian nights. I like really like Mexican food, however I left this place hungry as I did not even want to try any of the dishes other than the salad.
1	My friend suggested we celebrate my friend's birthday here.  What a mistake.  The table was akward for 8 people to see each other but hey, we didn't make a reservation.The sad part is that two of us ordered the fajitas (including the birthday gal).  The food arrived and sat next tto our table for well over 5-minutes.  By the time the waitress came to serve our food, it was cold (although we commented on how when the fajitas had first arrived they were not making a sizzling sound).  The waitress appeared upset that we were wanting our food at least worm vs. cold.  She took it to the kitchen and brough back fajitas that had been stuck in the over.  Food was HOT but now way overcooked. I wont' be returning  to this place anytime soon -- with some many other great choices, i'm sorry my friedn chose this restaurant.
4	Maybe it was because I was starving... I liked the food.  We were at the Pointe for a trade show and this is where we ended up for lunch.  We had no wait and the food was really good, I got a shredded beef cheese crisp and my coworker got the chimi plate.  The chips and salsa were good.  Only issue I had was my empty ice tea glass, I finally had to ask for more when our bill was delivered.
2	On my grand return to the valley, I was craving Mexican. However, by the time my friends and I got around to eating and stopped chatting, we knew there would be a long line at Los Dos, so we swung by Aunt Chiladas. While it was good, it wasn't fantastic, and I'm not sure I'd do it again.The first foul was getting there and not realizing the entire front area was a bar/bar seating and not places you can order food (speaking of which, why can't you order food at the bar... ugh). We were then thrown with a 50 minute wait for what seemed like a practically empty parking lot. As starving as we were, we probably ate way more chips than we should have and started in on a pitcher of sangria. By the way, the sangria had no fruit in it.. I think they removed it before they put it in the pitcher. VERY disappointing. After we were finally allowed to leave the cougar area and head to the main establishment, the food was just meh in my opinion. Interestingly enough when our food came, our waitress brought it out and then just walked away leaving it on the fold out serving tray and not delivering it to our table. The tacos a friend ordered were taunting him horrendously. Mine came with the wrong side dish which meant I had to constantly push it out of the way. The fried ice cream was good, but not the best I've had.In the end, this was just a good learning experience...but it was great to be back amongst friends.
1	I dont want to give Auntie even a one star.. On a beautiful Saturday, Mark wanted to go sit and have something to drink & app on.. We ended up at one of his fav happy hour places.. We opted to sit at the bar outside.. All the tables were reserved for a shower. Every time we were spoken to.. bc no one manned the bar.. it was rudely. We got a cerveza and a marg.. at least those you cant really fail on. The salsa was horrid...& I usually love the Aunts salsa.. we ordered sopapillas.. asked to have them first.. Umm guess not.. THEY never arrived.. Our water ran empty.. our chips and not-so-much salsa ran out... THE end was when our nachos.. had a hair on top.. we told the curt waitress.. & she rolled her eyes and said sorry.. We never saw her again.. THE thing is.. we wanted this type of patio and casual for our engagement party.. I DONT think SO!
3	Good food, good prices, and a nice patio. I would go back in the future. This location is good for guests of the Arizona Grand Resort. You can walk or have a short drive to Aunt Chilada's. The salsa was really good!
2	Aunt Chilada's s simply put, just OK.  They have a pretty big menu, but I don't know that I would say they have a speciality.  The nice thing about AC's is that they have a big patio area and they are great for larger groups.  So if you are looking to sneak away for a long lunch in the sun on a spring day or if you have your office lunch (we take our new hires here) and need the space, then come here.  Now, if you are looking for some great full flavored Mexican, then keep on looking.  The chips and salsa are good here and after that, everything kind of blends in as the typical mexican.
3	I have been to Aunt Chilada's a few times in my Arizona days. The most memorable, however, was when one of my friends and I pulled a Little Mermaid and combed our hair with plastic forks before dining here. and i believe we combed our hair with a fork shortly after making a hillbilly joke. ironic :) I don't remember why we looked so horrible but we obviously thought it was bad enough to need to comb our hair with a fork. anyway, the food here has never been memorable or terrible. more like a 'i won't complain if you let me sit on the patio and drink margaritas' it is definitely a 'meh' experience, but not gross....and probably the best mexican restaurant option if you're in that area. so for that, i am giving it 1 extra star.
3	Always a fun time! No real happy hour specials, but they do have a small free buffet. The food is pretty good. Weekend Nights usually have a live band. A decent selection of beer.
3	Went for Cinco de Mayo drinks and was totally underwhelmed. It wasn't that busy, but the service was horrifically slow, the chips tasted stale, there was no music, and they overcharged us for happy hour drinks. They get an extra star since their salsa and margarita's were decent though. I'd agree with the other reviewers here that this place is just okay. There are certainly better restaurants out there.
1	Aunt Chilada's it is time to hang up the towel..reinvent yourself as a nursing home cafeteria and everyone will be happy. Your nachos are, well Auntie -they're nasty. The cheese is stringy, the chips stale and the chicken tastes canned..The worst part is all you put on nachos is cheese, beans and chicken - no salsa, no guac, no olives, no onions...Alot of nots.  The hair that was impaled in the cheese is actually not what stopped me from eating...the lack of taste is was haulted me, the hair just confirmed the decision for me. The margaritas are $8.00 which silly me, made me think that, here in  the land of the sun, where everyone serves margaritas as cheaply as possible, for $8 I must be getting something really special. No, I was wrong.  Nothing special about your cheap tasting tequila and even cheaper mix that is shot off the bartender's gun in a standard pint glass for $8...seriously? 16oz of Mrs. T's and a shot of tequila or rubbing alchohol, everything had the taste of shortcuts at Aunties. Your bathrooms are dirty and really you have the resort golf crowd not a bunch of rowdies, so its' not them, its you not checking on the faciities throughout the night. And, given that I am paying $8 for margies and $12 for some stale chips, a clean bathroom would have been a nice touch. Your staff is quite nice and you have plenty of them. So, though you were serving me crap and ripping me off while you were doing it, you were really nice about it. I didn't boher to complain about the hair because if I started with the hair, were would my complaint have ended...again, retirement is the key. So, Auntie, your mexican restaurant days should be coming to a close. Maybe lay off the booze and consider a buffet style generic mexican food in a nice assisted living facility. This would be your true calling but selling overpriced generic, crap tasting mexican food at the foot of a resort needs to come to a stop - someone is going to get hurt.
3	As far as Mexican food goes, this wasn't the best that I have ever had.  However if you work in the area, it is a good destination for clients or family that are in town shopping at Mill, this should be a viable option.  The food is what I would classify as MexiCali.  Definitely not the home raised Mexican food from Tucson.  Give it a shot, Yelp me back and tell me how it was.
3	This stylish, sprawling place lives in several buildings, across the street from Fry's Electronics.  There's also a big patio available for outdoor dining when the weather is suitable.  I dropped in for lunch on this Wednesday, & the main building was already nearly full with a big, mixed crowd of hungry, noisy professionals & blue-collar types.The service I received here was just amazing!  The hostess seated me at the available table of my choice as soon as I entered, & left me a menu.  Just as soon as I had picked what I wanted for lunch & closed the menu, my friendly server, Gerardo, showed up with a BIG bowl of chips & a BIG bowl of salsa, & took my order.About FIVE MINUTES LATER (if that!), the big, piping hot platter of my food landed in front of me on the table!!!  This is at NOON!  It might have been the best service I have ever received at any busy restaurant, anywhere, ever!!I had the Numero Seis Combination, which consisted of a Chile Relleno, a cheese enchilada, refried beans with melted cheese on top, & a generous serving of Fideo, which is angel hair pasta cooked in a seasoned, tomato-based sauce.  (Think Mexican style spaghetti.)Along with the great service, I thought the food here was delicious, & they give you plenty of it.  The reason I have them down at tres estrellas is that it's expensive at $10 to $18 for lunch, & I wasn't crazy about the rigid Combination menu choices.  (Macayo's is equally good for half the price, & they let you make up your own combo!)Numero Seis Combination:  $11.25
3	Solid Mexican food, good drinks, nice location
1	It has been awhile since I have been to Aunt Chiladas....and what a disappointment!  Went with a large group, we had horible service.  We were not brought refills, the food came very slowly.  We had to go track down our server and a manager to request service.   Seems like since they were getting an automatic 20% tip because we were a large group she must have gone on break or something.  Food was very greasy, had oil ladden calabasita and a shredded beaf greasy taco.   The group I was with was a lot of fun....but the food was not good, and teh service horrible.  Next time the group meets it will not be at this place.
1	Wow, this place is just not good.  Went there for lunch and first off the chips and salsa were terrible. The salsa tasted worse than pace from a grocery store jar. Then came my "taco salad".  I asked if instead of meat I could have refried beans. Okay, so my $13 "taco salad" consisted of a shell with iceburg lettuce and a ladel full of refried beans on the top. That's it. Yeah. That's it.  Oh, I did get some sour cream and guac on the side of the plate, but no tomtatoes in the salad, not even a little onion or garnish or anything. Just iceberg lettuce and refried beans poured on top. It was gross!!  And it was $13 dollars!!  Give me a break.My husband ordered a black bean chimichanga. The beans were soggy and refried style black beans, no flavor or spice, totally boring. The food was seriously terrible and ridiculously expensive. We spent over $30 on that crappy crap of a terrible lunch and will never go back there.
3	I went there last night for dinner with friends. It's a HUUUGE place...doesn't look that big from the outside, but it's a sprawling establishment. Around 6:30 on a Thursday, they were running full. I would have loved to sit outside on the patio because the weather was so perfect, but we just opted for the first available seats, which were inside. My friend was hungry, so she ordered the Aunt Chilada dip (refried beans, sour cream, guac, and ground beef), and some drinks from the bar. Nothing stellar so far. The waitress came to take our orders as soon as we sat down. I got the Tacos de Pescado, my friends got flautas and tamales. We got salsa and chips to start with. The order came really fast, while we were still finishing our starters. I liked my tacos, though I wish the fish was a little more flavorful and spicy. I added lemon juice liberally and salsa, which made up for the blandness somewhat. My friends said their food was good, though far from authentic. I give three stars to this place mostly because of its ambience. I wish the waitresses would give diners more time at the table though..i felt a tad rushed. But maybe that was because of the crowd. Yeah, I can sure go back here again.
2	Tourists.... Would love this place. I supposed that is why it is within walking distance of the Arizona Grand Resort. As for me, a longtime local, I could easily pass on this place. We asked to be seated on the patio in the shade. Turns out only half the table was covered and it was getting hot. We saw a bunch of umbrellas in the corner not be used and asked our server if we could have another umbrella to cover the two that were roasting in the sun. She got upset. She actually said no! My cousin decided to take matters into his own hands and get one. The server came flying over and told him that was against the rules. She is not allowed to take an umbrella from another servers section. Weird as there were not any patrons in the area. Her attitude sucked. She was very lucky that I was not deciding how much to tip. The chips were OK and the salsa was actually good. I had the chicken enchiladas, meh. The sauce had no flavor. The best part was hand feeding the ducks on the patio. The prices are outrageous for the caliber of food you receive. Skip it. Go somewhere that serves real Mexican food and provides friendly service. Next...
3	I loved the chips and salsa, the tacos were great but I honestly can't remember anything else about this place.  went here last week and it was fine, not over priced but cool casual spot.  I did like the noodle thing they have as a side dish, I know others don't have the same thoughts but I added a little salsa and beans and it was quite tasty :) I think it's worth going at least once, but I personally am not planning on being a regular.
1	My dad ordered a chile relleno.... and it came out with what looked like chicken inside?? what the??? I flagged down our sweet server Norma who said although she would never dare make her own chile relleno that way, Aunt chilada's does.  It seriously looked like canned chicken and I was shocked they would ruin a simple dish like that by adding chicken stuffed inside.  My dish was just simple taquitos and the chicken was so dry it was near jerky.  Salsa was average... nothing about this place was "mexican" and the ducks all over the place kinda grossed me out.  NEVER again will I spend my $ or allow anyone to spend theirs while in company.  Aunt Chilada's... you FAIL!
1	Went to this place while on vacation in Tempe. Place looked chill from the outside and we were starving so my friends and I decided to check it out. The salsa tasted like someone put a jar of oregano in it. It was awful! I ordered a Carnitas burrito. I had to ask them to add beans and rice to a 10 dollar burrito. I was like what the hell?? Asked them to put green sauce on it as well. It was sooo bland and boring. Green sauce had no spice or flavor. Would not recommend this place. Crappy and overpriced. My friends dish was also very bland. Should of went to Del Taco. The good side was that the Staff was friendly..
1	Aunt Chiladas: bad name, even worse food. I'm sorry, but I can't recommend eating here.I think this restaurant's proximity to the Arizona Grand hotel is the only reason it's still around. We were staying at the Arizona Grand, and decided to order take-out for our group of five people.I ordered a chicken burrito with rice and beans as a side. What I received was a soggy burrito, with half chicken and half shredded beef (I don't eat red meat). That was unfortunate, but they didn't include the beans either- there was only rice as a side.I thought the salsa was decent, but the chips were extremely greasy and not really worth eating.Bottom-line: I'd pass on this place if I were you- there's lots of good Mexican restaurants around here more deserving of your business.
1	Bland and tasteless except the Talapia which tasted like olives and was sent back. The service was slow and inattentive. The only redeeming quality was the chips. While they were fresh and hot, the salsa was not. Even with extra heat requested, the salsa was bland. This is definitely not a Mexican restaurant any Mexican would be caught dead patronizing. It is definitely a place for gringos with no taste or high expectations.
4	I've been a long time fan. My first visit to this place was wayy back when, literally. I had my first Aunt Chilada's experience when I was 8 and my family and I have been visiting ever since then. Not sure why it took me so long to leave a review.They have one of the biggest tequila selections in Arizona, by far! And if you're a Tequila connoisseur like myself you will appreciate it.I'm a big fan of their Sunday brunch. They have a great selection at great prices and can really modify a the plates to your liking if you want. If it's a nice day out, I suggest sitting out on the patio. They have umbrellas to shade your area, but it's cute to see the ducks from the pond hanging out and walking around.
4	My first trip back in 6 years and it was pretty much the same! The food was still great along with the drinks! We sat out on the patio under an umbrella and it was perfect!! I don't however remember all the ducks from last visit but they add to the atmosphere!
1	Its amazing how much they are charging for their flavorless greasy food. I was so underwhelmed I felt obligated to write this here review, which is also appropriately underwhelming. The best thing about the meal was the iced tea. Oh, I guess the service was decent.
2	Great food, bad service most of the time.
3	We attended a group event here a few months ago, the set-up was nice, the food was ok, bland but typical for a large group meeting.
3	Food is ok. Margaritas are good.
3	There were some pro's about this place: Service was decent and some of the food was really good. However, other food was just meh. The items that were good: Salsa had lots of onions in it which made me happy (I am a big onion lover!) and had a really good fresh flavor, the chips were nice and crisp, the jalapeno cream sauce that came with my numero ocho (8) combo was delicious with just the right amount of spice, and the fideo that the hubby ordered was different but I really enjoyed it (hubby said it was too plain for him). Now onto the other food: Hubby said his pork chimichanga wasn't bad and that the pork was cooked well but needed more seasoning, my chili relleno was ok but the batter had a weird texture to it, and my spinach enchilada was not very good at all. I like to have other components inside the enchilada rather then just plain spinach and unfortunately, these just had lumps of unflavored spinach with nothing else. So all in all, I would say this place was ok. There were some items that are good enough for me to come back but I would just try something else on the next visit.
2	Not good at all.  Average at best.  Table we were sat at was sticky and needed wiping down, had to ask the server twice to do it.  Food was ok but not good.
2	the restaurant we really wanted to try was closed on a Monday so we went to Aunt Chilada's.  It was 2nd time I'd been there in 3 years;  I forgot I was there a few years ago.  Food is FAIR to average (at best) for mexican.  Nice outdoor area.  Will not likely return, there are plenty of places that are MUCH better for Mexican food.
1	This place has really gone down hill.I had eaten here a few times and thought it was pretty good. Then we went for lunch and it was  incredibly busy one time we went for lunch with a 40 min wait so we decided to leave.   We went back a week or so later for dinner.  We had an incredibly long wait in the bar that seemed  to last forever even though there seemed to be plenty of tables on the patio.They sat us inside in a very small room sandwiched in-between the kitchen and 3 large groups of very loud annoying people. There was only 2 of us not sure why were were relegated to such a terrible table.  Our food tasted terrible, oily, and the vegetables in my burrito were undercooked.  We didn't finish our dinner, paid and left.I have a pretty strong stomach, but both of us got extremely sick from the food after we left. If you have to go here make sure you sit outside so you don;t get stuck in one the terrible side room.
4	YUM! Good food, ok atmosphere, good staff.
4	I go here weekly, and while the food is very rich (heavy for lunch) it is consistent and great.  I also think the food is value priced, but the drinks are expensive.
3	It's not great... but it's not awful. A little overpriced for mediocre food. Love the spinach enchiladas. If you're in the area and there's nowhere else close by you want to travel for Mexican, it will do.
4	Couldn't decide where to eat.   Must eat.  Driving in circles.  Must eat.  Want to run over the first a-hole that comes between me and food.Found this place by mistake.  Family was too hungry to be picky and could not take the 2 seconds to look it up on Yelp.  So we went off the grid.The service was friendly and attentive.  At one point, they made a mistake and brought our table a second beer.  Which they gave to us, for making the mistake.  Don't get me wrong, I was going to give them a good review anyway, the free beer was just icing on the cake.The food was very fresh.  Right down to the chips and salsa.  I certainly think that it could  have used more heat, but I feel the same way about water.  I was craving some Chile Verde, so went with the pork.  Not what I had expected.  I was thinking pork marinaded in green sauce.  It was grilled pork fillets that were seasoned to perfection.  It was outstanding.The Fajita plate had a little more heat, not nearly enough for me, but plenty for my wife.  Kids had quasadilla and were treated like kings.I highly recommend this place.  Great atmosphere, great food and most importantly a moat around the front.
1	I read all the bad reviews but still decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and go eat there. Bad idea. The food was terrible. Please do yourself a favor and listen to the bad reviews. They are all true.
4	Disappointed to see the bad reviews, because this place is really good. Still one of my favorite Mexican places in Phoenix. I've been dining here for 6 years, since it's down the street from our office, and it's still a great place to go for a quick lunch or after work cocktails. The service here is friendly, attentive and quick. I made a reservation for lunchtime for a party of 8 and we were in and out of there in under an hour! The food was served hot and delicious. And the best part was they treated our co-worker with a birthday cake, which we laughed at, because the lunch was set up because he was leaving our company. We had played along anyway and he enjoyed his delicious flan birthday treat. I've tried many dishes here and they are all so good. The pollo fundido is delicious and the burritos will last you for days because they are huge portions. But my favorite part of the dish is the pinto beans and rice. So good! And the nachos are always served hot and the most flavorful salsa in town. It's not in the most desirable locations, but well worth a visit if your in the South Mountain area. The outdoor patio is not the best, I'll have to agree. The seats are pretty low and there seems to be birds feeding from the berries in the trees, because we would constantly get hit by a berry and at one point a bird pooped on our menu. So try to get a seat in the patio away from the entrance and the large tree sitting there. But on a beautiful spring day, it's the perfect place to be to watch the sunset and enjoy a margarita!
2	I dined here once on a date. Needless to say, the date that evening went south. Anyhow, I found the service here average and the time to receive our meal was unusually long -like 20 minutes. The food was fairly bland and not very flavorful and the chips and tortillas seemed to not be very fresh. However, the one redeeming factor is their quesadillas are huge and they don't skimp on the cheese. This place is fairly average and you won't impress any dates here. But if you need some Mexican food near Arizona Mills, it's alright.
2	The soup was bland, the chips were soaked in oil, the salsa tasted sour. I will not go back. The waitress spoke little english and talked too fast to understand her.
3	Say Uncle!!By The RueDinner at Aunt Chilada's,Oh what a plan,The food was decent,Just a little bland,Chips were warm,I ate with my hand,Hostess was cute,Legs very tanned,Do you play air guitar?Let's start a band,Chicken chimichanga,Didn't taste like sand,Chile poblano,Might have been canned,Bar tender was good,The bar he manned,Fish from a boat,Or fish off of land,I really doesn't matter,Even if you planned,Did you know in baseball,Pete Rose was banned,Ron Paul has a son,His name is Rand,This ends my review,Yes, it was grand!Paquito!
4	Perhaps management has been paying attention to Yelpers. Our service tonight was awesome!My wife, daughter, and I spent a lovely evening enjoying decent Mexican food and each other's company. Our waitress was great ! Never did we have to ask for refills on anything...chips or drinks. Contrary to recent Yelps, our food arrived SUPER fast...on a Friday night...when the waitress had to traverse multiple dining rooms to serve us.Now, being at a resort, the food WAS a bit pricey...though, the price was easier to bear after 32 ounces of a margarita they call "El Diablo"...which is a top shelf margarita with Grand Marnier (as per my tip).Either way, not a bad restaurant...plus, it's within walking distance of the resort, which comes in handy after about half of that El Diablo.
3	My husband and I had our first date here together. For our 1 year anniversary we came back and we couldn't help but brag a little to our waiter. She thought it was so cool that she brought out a little chocolate cake for us, free of charge. It was a huge serving and very tender and smooth. This would be good for a wedding reception as their banquet room next to the restaurant is huge. They skimped big time on the bar. It's a sad little nook to the side, hardly elbow room at the puny stool table. And oh yeah - the food is kinda bland here. Just your average Mexican restaurant that seems to thrive only on account of it being off the I-10.
4	Although we've eaten here several times over the past five years, we hadn't visited for awhile. I was a bit afraid to return after reading recent Yelp reviews. However, my husband and I were pleasantly pleased with the friendly and very efficient service. The restaurant was very busy with several special events, but we still received our food in about 15 minutes. Our waitress was genuinely friendly. The food was hot and fresh. I like non-fussy (OK, maybe bordering on Gringo?) Mexican food. I don't like too much cheese or too many onions or really hot sauces, so Aunt Chilada's was definitely my style. Portions were quite generous for the higher prices, so we came away full and satisfied with the experience.
4	We came here last night for dinner. It had been a very long time since I had been here before. A few months ago we went to the one at Dreamy Draw in Phoenix. I do not think they are connected anymore. lots of parking in the lot. I guess they do not have the great happy hour deals the other one does. We were seated right away, but had to wait a bit for a server. Even though there was only 2 other tables in there at the time. Anyway our server was nice. She refilled our drinks at just the right time, in fact gave us fresh glasses each time.  Our food was good though not very spicy. It was very average Mexican food. I have to say I like Macayo's much better.We were given chips and Salsa, the chips were nice, warm and fresh, but the salsa was chunky and again not very spicy.  I think they cater more to the Hotel patrons now.  It is decorated very generic,like a quick salp of paint and some cheap artwork. I remember it much different the last time I was here.All in all it was good ,just not great. I do not think we will be back soon.
2	Pretty average Mexican food with friendly service. Outdoor seating can be really dark and sort of uncomfortable because of their low chairs. Prepare for a large retiree/vacation crowd from the nearby Arizona Grand Resort.
4	Pretty good.  Pretty good.  I got a lunch combination with the standard stuff (taco, enchilada, and tamale).  I wasn't a fan of the tamale.  It was too dried out.  The taco and enchilada were really good.  It says that everything is made in house.  It's a shame that  I won't be able to return too soon since I'm rarely in the Phoenix area, which may be a good thing in itself.
3	I do not understand the very low reviews that have been posted. Pleasantly spiced food, very good service and a nice atmosphere. It did have a definite resort feel to it, and there is a resort next door. This is probably the reason some of the prices are up where they are.Okay, the bathrooms were small for this size of a restaurant. Tiny, in fact. The men's room had a tight stall and a small urinal. The ladies' room was of a similar size, I'm told.Tables - no booths.So far, some of the better Mexican food we've found in Phoenix.No lunch menu or specials offered, or we'd give it another star.
3	This was our first meal when we arrived in the Phoenix area. The food was decent and the margaritas were pretty awesome. We sat on the patio on a beautiful day so we will be back for that alone. The service was good, but a little slow so I wouldn't want to dine here is I was in a hurry.My chili rellano was awesome, but my daughter was not crazy about the shredded beef enchiladas. We also ordered the bean dip, which was a little cold but decent. All in all an ok meal.
2	Food was pretty okay.  Good rice and beans.Service was lacking.  Took her almost 10 minutes to get to us the first time and she wasn't very pleasant.  If you can't handle a 6 table section (1 of the tables had 1 person 4 of them had 2 people and pretty sure one had already paid, plus our 3 people and then a table of 4), you shouldn't get one.  Thought some of the prices were a tad high for MExican food but it is at a resort.  Not sure if would go back just because of the service.
4	Not a very big fan of mexican food but this place has some very good menu items that are authentic and tasty. Their rice is amazing, I always have a hard time finding a restaurant with good spanish rice.  The salsa is so good and I always oreder some to go. The service is always spot on, and the deep fried ice cream is to die for!!!
2	I really don't like aunt enchiladas not very good food. I don't see what the big deal is.
2	The staff was friendly.  The food was okay.  Salsa was acceptable.  We sat in the dining room across the courtyard, which is what really ruined the meal.   It was difficult to enjoy anything in a room with such an over powering smell of mildew.
3	Decent food. BIG portion sizes. Ok service, forgot to bring things that we asked for such as water.
1	Was looking forward to authentic Mexican food... The Guacamole was fresh out of a package topped with pre-shredded generic cheese and black olives fresh from a can. Fresh avocados are not hard to come by right now. Veggies on the side were right out of the freezer. Also the bar had a line and only one bartender for the entire restaurant. They might soon be on an episode of Restaurant Impossible if it weren't for the ever changing customer base that comes from the Arizona Grand and other surrounding resorts.
3	The atmosphere and ambience is what makes it enjoyable. Traditional Mexican/American food, nothing to brag about except that it beats anything at the mall! The guacamole tostada is one of my favorites. If weather permits definitely worth eating outside.
1	If this is the best Mexican in Phoenix (per the Arizona Grand resort), then I think Phoenix has a serious problem. Holy crap was that some greasy, bland mexican food.  Taco bell kicks the hell out of this place. Ceviche was inedible - pretty sure it was days old. Meat in fajitas must have been dredged in flour and totally overcooked. Everything was bland, and just BAD.
1	Too expensive for nasty Mexican food .  This place sucks.  I cut into my beef burrito and a whole buch of water came out.  My girlfriend had the chicken burrito and water came out too.  Why are sodas $3.00 dollars?  We ate here because we stayed at Arizona grant resort.  They suck too.  Will not eat here again even if its free.
3	Stopped by for a late lunch so we missed the crowd. There were a good amount of cars in the parking lot, but service wasn't bad. Heard terrible things about the place but had to try it for myself. Sat out on the patio under an umbrella. Nice if you don't mind the resident ducks staring you down for chips. They don't bother that much if you don't feed em. Ordered a grande strawberry margarita. Very good. The salsa wasn't anything special but the chips were fresh. Ordered the 2 enchilada plate with rice and beans, one chx one shredded beef. She order a chx burrito. It took longer than we expected to get the food out but was good and filling. Spendy though for 2 plates and 3 grande margaritas ~$70. I'd go back.
4	I have gone to this location probably 5 times now and this last time was by far the best service I have had ever! I ordered the Pollo Fundido and it was the bomb! I was stuffed for sure. The free chips and salsa were delicious! To top it off I ordered a sangria margarita and I was blown away but how delicious it was. To end the amazing meal we had fried ice cream that was a trip to heaven! I wish it was not so far away from my house so I could come back again. My only concern was that the food came out so fast that we did not get to eat a ton of chips and salsa or have another round of drinks!
3	Middle of the road Mexican food. Don't forget its manage by the AZ grand hotel. Wait staff for lunch was fine. Arnold Palmer was awful how tough can that be!  More expensive than it needs to be, over priced and underwhelming lunch experience.
3	It was July 4th and with many restaurants closed today, Aunt Chilada's was open for business.  We were visiting with a friend and we greeted with Salsa and Chips which was both fresh and flavorful.  We then ordered the Pollo Fundido which is generally one of our favorite dishes.  Given that they used Chicken Tenders it was rather dry and so trying to flavor it becomes tough. The white sauce was good and over all the food was average.While the food was average the service was excellent.  Beverly was fantastic and wish there was a Beverly at every restaurant that we went to.  She made our every experience a fantastic one.  Even though the food was A-OK, the service made it a very very pleasant experience.  Thanks Beverly for your undivided attention when we were there.
2	This place is mediocre at best. I love Mexican but I won't be coming back here again. My refried beans were a dull grey color and were not spiced or even salted. I ordered a number two which is a bean burrito enchilada style with a beef tamale. The tamale was so dry I couldn't even finish it. Simply put, I don't recommend it. There are so many better Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. Never again.
2	What a mess!Showed up here on a Thursday night starving to see a line practically out the door. As we were waiting to get a table people a few ahead of us were told that they were closing. We looked at our watches and it was about 10 until 9 and they said they closed at 9. You might want to close when you say and not earlier because it almost caused a riot. We decided to sit at the bar instead of waiting for the bottom to fall out of the mess at the front. Sat down and the bartender was pretty quick and really personable. He was the best part about this whole place. First let me say that this place is terrible. I went to their website and it was voted 'Best of' for several things that were totally NOT best of anything. Worst of, yes. Best of, stop using that phrase with this restaurant. Does not go.First up was chips and salsa. The salsa really was actually right on. It was fresh and had a nice kick to it, but the chips? They must of run out of their 'best of' chips because these tasted like stale Tostitos. Oh man, stale Tostitos would have been an improvement, actually. We then ordered the spicy queso bean dip and instantly regretted it. It was so bland and so un-queso-y that we pushed it away and waited for our entrees. I ordered vegetable fajitas which you THINK you couldn't mess up. Oh, guess what? Yeah. My friend ordered some shrimp dish that I refused to try so I'm not sure if it was good or not. I wouldn't eat here again unless the world was wiped out by an atomic bomb and only because the food here would survive.
2	This was my first time eating here. The food was very bland and uninspired. However, the drinks were very tasty. Our server was not the worst. But, definitely not the best. However, the manager was excellent. She came and asked how everything was. When I replied that it was just OK, she wanted details. The manager was very appreciative of my feedback and even took my fish tacos off of the check (something I did not expect). Also, they accidentally charged my card too much. The manager that I spoke to was very concerned and understanding. He even went to their accounting department to verify that their records only showed the correct charge. Although my first experience with the food was not great, I am considering giving them another shot thanks to the excellent managers.
3	It was nice to sit outside in the spring time. It's pretty quaint. The chips and salsa were good. The food was decent. The burrito was good and was big.
2	The food is okay, though pricey. They know they are one of few choices for a resort, and the service reflects it. They wait staff could really care less.
2	First tried Aunt Chilada's years ago . . . I've been to both locations and think this one is the lesser of the two.  Both locations have great atmosphere and are inviting although this one, less so as well.I called ahead for reservations just in case and was told they don't take them.  Luckily, it was not very crowded when I showed up so reservations were not needed.  The restaurant however filled up within a half an hour so I'm glad I didn't have to wait for a table.My dinner guest and I chose to sit in the outside patio area which is very colorful and spacious.  Service was pretty good.  We were greeted relatively quickly although there was a delay in taking our order.I ordered what I typically order at a Mexican joint in order to compare it to similar dishes elsewhere . . . chille relleno and a tamale.  Sorry to say AC's relleno is average at best . . . it didn't jump my taste buds seeming rather bland and lifeless despite a mildly spicy green sauce.  The tamale was dry and had an unusual taste that was not particularly pleasant or familiar.The upside was the service.  My dinner guest was an intellectually disabled woman I mentor for Special Olympics . . . she is somewhat child like and believed that her relleno which she also ordered, was "too spicy."  Our waiter graciously replaced it with a milder selection and did NOT charge us for the first dish.With all the fabulous Mexican eateries in Arizona, I wouldn't waste my time or money with AC.  There is nothing special about it although the other location may have some historical significance.
2	I'm not one to usually complain and you can see that on my review history but this place offers terrible terrible service, slow service (they weren't busy) and overpriced food and drinks. Wasn't impressed w/ the food and for sure will never return.
4	I adore this Mexican food place. The food is enjoyable, and always consistent. The Pollo Fondito is my favorite. Just the right amount of spice and LOTS AND LOTS of cheese. The wait staff is kind, and friendly. The drinks are amazing. I love all of their margaritas. (those that I have tried anyways LOL) But my favorite part about this location is the building. Everything is so colorful and campy, and just beautiful. My husband thinks it's tacky, but I just adore it. I had a friend who was married here years ago, and it's just a beautiful location.
2	Stopped by one night for dinner and was seated immediately.  I was somewhat disappointed with the menu which was heavy on cheese and fried stuff.  I would have loved to have seen a mole dish. on the menu.I ended up with the Southwestern Caesar Salad (super tasty dressing), which was okay.I would not come back again if I were in town again.  I'd try the Sonoran hot dog cart on the corner of Baseline and Priest instead.
5	Service was incredible, our server Marcia was all over drink refills and extra chips and salsa. She recommended the fajitas and they were superb, not cheap on the chicken and steak, the tortillas were warm and fresh, atmosphere is very laid back. Best Fajita's in town!!
2	Como se dice "meh"? Aunt Chilada's sucks mucho. Lets start with a very average margarita for $12, an $11 Mojito made with a mix, and chips with a salsa that could call any supermarket aisle home. Entrees are way over priced for a very mediocre offering.  I always clean off my plate, seriously concerned with the plight of starving children in third world countries, but on this day even that thought couldn't get me to finish. The tortillas were horrible, how the hell do you screw up a tortilla? Service was also sub par, bordering on rude. Never again, or as the say in Mexico, nunca mas.
2	I've eaten at this restaurant several years ago and thoroughly enjoyed it, so I was quite disappointed in the drink (don't think it had a drop of the patron in it) and the food as it was fairly bland.  The waitress was rushing us out so much as to picking up our chips and salsa and almost our unfinished drink glasses while we are still sitting at the table.  I can honestly say it will be a long time before I consider this restaurant any time soon.
1	I'll keep this one short. Bad. Service was painfully slow and pretty negligent. We never even got refills on our water. The food was bland, I've had better from (insert ANY americanized Mexican food restaurant here). It's a shame because they are in a great location and have an amazing patio. I would never recommend for anyone to come here.
2	I decided to try this place while in Tempe, based mostly on reviews on Yelp and another media.  I was greeted by a surly young man who may have awakened on the wrong side of the universe.  I asked for a well-lit area, and he seated me near a window.  Daylight was fast fading, as I was quickly served homemade chips and salsa.  The salsa was uninspired and bland.  The server, Samuel, was prompt and made a couple of recommendations.  I tried the pork fajitas.  By now the sun was down, and when the food arrived, it was so dark at the table, I could barely distinguish the pork from the veggies.  It was good, but I like to be able to see my food.  The candles at the table were sorely inadequate.  I asked Samuel about the lighting, and he said only the manager can change it and he/she had gone home already.  I was the sole diner in that dining room, BTW.  There were others in another part of the restaurant that I could hear, but couldn't see.  I left over half of my meal there, just because I couldn't see any longer what it looked like.  Very disappointing.I wouldn't return to this restaurant.
2	Food and service good but VERY pricey especially for lunch. A simple cheese quesadilla was 7.50 and to top it a small scoop of sour cream in a little taco shell was an additional 2.50!  Probably wont go there again too expensive when you can go to others for much larger portions and free side of sour cream.
5	What a great place! We went with a party of 9 tonight and had the best service. Chips and salsa were out quickly and the margaritas were on par. My favorite part of the meal were the fish tacos. They are amazing! The sauce on the tacos was delicious! Thanks for the great service and food! We will be back!
1	I don't have a lot of positive comments but no hate either.  I just think it's a tourist trap that has been here for years and gone down hill. It is over priced, and the food is not that great.  The salsa was ok.  I am not super fussy when it comes to Mexican food but I do know good Mexican food.  It sure can be hard to find great Mexican food in Phoenix (of all places).  Explain that to me.The service we had was great, nice young man.  I do not know if because the property surrounding the restaurant has changed hands so frequently, that has had something to do with the quality of food at this place but I remember 20 yrs ago the food was much better. I would not recommend this place to any friends or out of town guests. We will not be returning.  The food is boring.
4	The salsa is chunky and delicious! I got fajitas, they were decent and my wife got enchiladas, she got one with green salsa and one with red salsa, she liked the red salsa the best. I didn't have any problems with my refills, the waitress was nice and efficient. We finished our meal with fried ice cream and we all enjoyed it. I would recommend this place.
2	Tried out the happy hour at about 4pm on a weekday and place was empty. The bar is small inside and there is no bar outside. They have decent drink prices as I scored a domestic draft for 2 bucks. They have a bunch of food choices as well for between $3 and $5 depending on the time. It was a bit of surprise that they do not offer white meat chicken for the tacos, only mixed. That tells me that this place is saving money and I'm not buying the bartenders "it keeps it moist excuse" Menu prices are right out of Scottsdale, but the free chips and salsa were good. Chips were kinda warm and salsa was chunky variety with some onions floating in the bowl. Too small of a bar area for a good happy hour crowd, so this place won't need to be revisited.
3	Average Mexican. You might expect better for a Mexican restaurant in Arizona, but if you are at the Arizona Grande it's convenient.
5	Food was wonderful and the staff was very accommodating. Meals have big portions, best Spanish rice I've ever had, and the enchilada sauce was very good! Margaritas are nice and strong as well.You can tell that this restaurant is well-managed, they go out of their way to make things right for the customer.
3	Staying at the Arizona Grand for a meeting we chose to eat here for lunch one day.  The food was good.  I had the fish tacos which were pretty tasty, not the best I've had but fine.  The service was great.  The outside seating was nice.  I can't complain.  A little pricey but being on a resort that was pretty much expected.
2	Hate doing this but for a 13$ margarita after tip I had to. I came in for a Cadillac margarita with hornitos and grand marnier like I did last week. I got a different glass and a different liquor. I asked if it had grand manier, since I seen what looked like a citrus patron bottle on the counter. She said they were out of grand marnier! How Do you run out of grand marnier at a Mexican restaurant?  I seen three bottles of grand marnier sitting on the shelf a foot away from me.
3	Aunt Chilada's had some good things going for it and some not so good things going for it. I really enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant and loved how the dining rooms were in separate little buildings and how the courtyard was beautifully lit, it added an air of intimacy to the restaurant. We didn't have an appetizers, we noshed on the awesome portion of chips and salsa we were served, very yummy! For my meal I ordered the veggie enchiladas and a raspberry margarita (they were out of pomegranate for shame!). The enchiladas were not great at all and totally fell apart as I was eating them. Definitely worth the loss of a star or two. The margarita on the other hand was supremely delicious and it was not long before I'd drank it up. If I'm ever in Tempe again I don't think Aunt Chilada's would be my first pick but overall it's an okay joint.
3	I ordered the happy hour special 1 shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada. The food tasted really commercial and the HOT salsa wasn't that hot. But the service was fantastic! Based on the food quality it's nothing special, I wouldn't come back.
1	I don't know where to begin! Way Over priced for the quality of food! We decided to give this place a shot since we are staying at the Resort and didn't want to go too far tonight since we had a long day! I wish we had! The food is Terrible!!!! I I ordered pollo fundido and it had no flavor ! Boiled chicken breast covered in a cream sauce with cheese. I picked steamed veggies and black beans! The provided refried black beans when I was hoping for whole and the veggies were over cooked and bland! Salsa is not good at all and tortillas were not fresh! My husbands carne Asada was horrible as well!  Do not bother!!!
1	Well I would recommend not eating there, drink are great. My enchiladas were cold, the cheese wasn't melted, the fish tacos weren't good.
4	Really good food.  Try the Chili Relleno.  Great patio day or nite.  Parking may be a little tite.
2	Sat in the patio (soaking up the nice AZ weather)....  We had a retirement lunch here.  It was roomy and we can be noisy!  :)  The chips were good and crispy.  I got the chicken chimy, it was ok.  Almost flavorless.  I so wanted to LOVE this place but the food was just not that good.  The staff was nice!
3	The atmosphere was good. Great place to hang out with friends, chow down on chips and salsa, and drink a few drinks. Overall, the food and service was average.
2	I do not feel like this place is worth a stop for dinner if you like good food.  It is over-priced for food is so ordinary and un-Mexican tasting to me.  The salsa was ok and I Iiked the the rice and beans.  The chicken in my burrito wasn't good and didn't like the texture or the way it was cooked. It was pretty much flavorless. The food is very ordinary.  For 4 adults and 2 little kids at dinner it was $77 with tip and we only had tea and water. I would have enjoyed the flavors of the food at Qdoba or Chipotle better and it would've cost less.It's a neat building and I enjoyed sitting outside in the evening. I guess we pay a premium for that.The service we had was good, and I can tell the wait staff works hard to serve. I seem to remember that 10-15 years ago the food was much better. I would not recommend Aunt Chilada's to someone that wants good Mexican food.I don't need to go back.
2	We were thinking of going to Garcia's at Arizona Mills Mall and decided to go here instead. It wasn't a big mistake but would have been more satisfied at Garcia's.The table we were sat at was too close to other tables for that "intimate" feel. Our server was great, however. The food wasn't all that good. They bring you chips and salsa. The salsa, in my opinion wasn't that great.Most likely won't be coming back as there are better options out there.
3	Still like the one off of Dreamy Draw Dr. near Squaw Peak. This is the second time I've been here and the food just isn't as good. We also had the unfortunate luck of showing up right after a couple big groups so our service suffered as well. Floors and tables were less than clean. Not disgusting but you would assume they must have been short staffed and that's why; benefit of the doubt. I did my trademark chicken enchilada which was pretty dry and Jen did some dish with chicken stuffed in poblano peppers. She liked it a lot. I also need to give kudos for offering to swap our the standard sides of beans and rice for one of their soups. Very cool. Overall was less than impressed and I guess I'm stuck making the 30 min drive to the good Aunt Chelada's versus the five minute one to this location.
1	We waited about a half an hour for a table after being told 15 minutes. When we walked in there were empty tables everywhere and only a couple of people had left while we were waiting. The food was horribly overpriced for the quality and they charged $3.00 for a side of sour cream or guacamole, each. Our bill was $60 for only two people and we didn't even have an appetizer. Just one soda and one cocktail. We went with friends and because there were 6 of us total, not including an infant, they put a 20% gratuity on each of our tickets automatically not the standard 17%-18%. I am usually a generous tipper and if you impress me I will give you a 20% without batting an eye. The server was not impressive. He was curt almost to the point of being rude and did not deserve more than 15%. We will never go back here again!
3	I'm a sucker for a nice patio.Went here for a work happy hour - it's been a LOT of years since I was at this location. It's similar to the one at Squaw Peak - but not quite as much charm. (Likely due to lack of age of the building.)Service was solid, food was acceptable gringo-Mex, and the people with mixed drinks seemed to like them. (As long as the Negro Modelo is cold and the glass around the lip of the bottle isn't chipped, it's on par with every other one I've ever had, so I really can't judge the drinks.)I would never choose this place based on food alone - but when you have a group and the weather is patio-rific, if's not a bad choice at all!
3	Food was good. Service was horrible. Waited over an hr for out food on a Thursday. (It was not that busy)Ben the bartender did make some good drinks.
3	The server was great and the drinks were good. I had a mojito and house margarita. Being a pescatarian it's always a challenge eating out especially for mexican food. I called ahead and they do use lard in their refried beans and chicken stock in their rice for any vegans, vegetarians or pescatarians out there. I ordered the fish tacos and they were some of the worst fish tacos I've ever had!! They were way too fishy and had no other flavor. I had to add salsa and lemon to make them edible. My friend had the swordfish tacos and those looked and tasted way better except they had a bit too much pepper. If I go back I will order those. The black beans were pretty good.
2	Haven't been here in almost 20 years, thought I'd give it a second try. Wish I hadn't. It took forever for the food to come out, and the salsa tasted like ketchup. Our server was nice. When the food finally came out, they forgot components of some of the dishes. Street tacos were boring - had better tacos at any of the 'bertos. My buddy had the fajitas and he said the chicken was so dry and tasteless he couldn't even eat it. To boot, it was way overpriced, probably because they are connected to the Arizona Grand resort. Half my party got sick later that night. Horrible experience, and not much has changed in 20 years.
2	Outdated decor and average, slightly overpriced food. OK, I could end the review right there, but I shall elaborate a bit further.Seems like Aunt Chiladas has seen some better days. It looks like a water park for midgets outside, when you approach the entrance. Very cool... For 1974.It's a very colorful place, but seems as though it hasn't changed since the aforementioned year. Just guessing there. Menu items are all priced about 3 dollars to high. Glad I went once, probably won't re-visit.
3	It was alright. The salsa was actually pretty amazing but that is where the amazing stops. I ordered a combo plate with a tostado, taco, and enchilada. It arrived super soggy and not appetizing at all. The beans and rice were ok. The kids meals were just that. Kids meals. The winner of the night surprisingly was my sons plain nachos. Yep, they managed to get chips with melted cheese right.The sopapillas were not good at all. Probably best to skip this joint really.
5	I've been here several times, but most recently I went there with a girl friend who was visiting from Vegas.  We decided to stop in real quick and enjoy the happy hour specials.  The specials were fantastic, probably one of the best happy hours, but besides the pricing, the food and house margaritas were delicious.  The service was great (we had bartender Ben who was awesome).  We even met local Charlie who let us try one of his special flour tortilla chips that we were curious about;  which were great.  If you're an enchilada fan, I would suggest getting one chicken and one cheese and mixing them.  We found the combination to be great together.  The cheese crisp and fideo are always a favorite too.  I find the 'water park' as mentioned by another Yelper and the patio to give this restaurant it's charm.  If it wasn't summer, I'm sure we would have been out on the patio.
5	I recently visited for happy hour and I will be back whenever I'm in the area! The happy hour prices can't be beat! $4 house margaritas were just right and big! The food prices vary depending on the hour. We just made it before 4pm so our food was only $3! At 4pm it goes up to $4 and at 5pm it goes up to $5 which is still an awesome deal! The enchiladas were great! It comes with 2 normal size enchiladas and a little salad garnish. We mixed a chicken and cheese and the sauce was super yummy! I grew up in Southern California so I know my Mexican food. The chips and salsa were some of the best I've had. I may have gotten one semi-stale chip out of the huge bowl I ate. We also had a cheese crisp (which they don't have in CA) and although those are always a little plain for me normally, that excellent salsa slathered on there made it AWESOME! The bartender was cool and chatted with us as did a woman at the bar eating alone and one of the regulars was also very friendly. The bar is small, however, so I almost hate to let the word get out on this hidden gem because you better make room for me when I come back. The outdoor patio looked super fun & colorful to hang out on when the weather cools down. I enjoyed the ambiance of the whole place! I had intended on trying a chili relleno but I was too full on the happy hour bargains. I asked the bartender if there was chicken in it like one reviewer said and he said no. Everything we had was so good that I have no doubts the rest of the food is good. I can't wait to come back!
2	I'm being grumpy because I have had far worse food. I drank water that tasted like my swimming pool. Chips obviously not fresh. Salsa tasted like canned tomatoes.  my Chili renno was not bad. Rice and beans not bad. Overall I enjoyed the meal. But for Arizona this place is lame. Also server had the personality of a cartel thug
2	Service was pretty good, however they have Pepsi, boohoo! Salsa was tasty but the chips were stale. They ambiance was bright, colorful, nice patio...food was a 3 out of 5, however it's a Lil pricey for what you get. One beef taco with rice and beans is $11. Steak fajitas are $17. Would I try this place again? Eh probably not.
3	It's been awhile since we've dined here. The only gripe I have is the price has gone up significantly on their entrees. None the less I always enjoy their shredded beef with chimichanga, burritos, etc. they have been consistent on the taste. The shredded beef is like dried meat & usually other Mexican food shredded beef are greasy or too much Ah Jus & they kill it with salt properties.
1	I first went to this restaurant over 20 years ago, might have been soon after it opened.  We had wonderful food that first time.  I still remember having the carnitas (pork) burro.  We went a second time a month or so later and the deterioration had already set in.  I ordered the same burro and it was very dry.  About a year later I took relatives there and again tried the carnitas burro and it was again dry and uninspired.  No one else raved about their food but things overall were still average. Now to the recent experience... Over the past 3 months group of people and myself wanted to meet and talk at a restaurant so THEY choose ACs on two occasions.  I was hoping for a good experience but it was even worse than my last one  years ago.  On both occasions the service was quite slow.  On the second visit the server literally said, you should order now cuz you probably won't see me again soon and see was in a hurry to get the orders and get out.  I suspect the owners purposely understaff.  I would have again ordered carnitas but they no longer offer it except with a very high priced combo meal. So I ordered my other go to choice, a Green Burro, for both these visits.  Both times it was no better than average and overpriced.  The chips and salsa are also just average.  As another reviewer mentioned, the salsa tastes like they cut it with canned tomato sauce, it's soupy and has no bit whatsoever. I don't know how this place stays in business.
5	The happy hour in the bar is amazing. The best deals I ever seen. From 3-4, $3.00 wine and appetizers, certain well drinks and beer too at $3.00, from 4-5, prices go to $4.00, etc. Clare is the best bartender since the TV show Cheers. Oh and the Pinot Grigio there is sublime. Do NOT NOT miss the bean dip. Dinner there is amazing. I had the Mexican Ceasar salad with mesquite grilled shrimp on it and a side of Fideo, the only place in town that has Fideo. They could cook it like crap if they wanted to but they don'tlove love love Aunt Chiladas!pictures on Instram @lidsamy
1	The start is for atmosphere, food is awful. No flavor whatsoever. Drinks are over priced . I was expecting a good Margarita for 13 dollars but it was just like the food. No flavor. I will not come back nor recommend anyone .
4	Best service by EVERYONE (hostesses, bartender, and server)! This is refreshing. The people eating here are even awesome! Best energy and vibe I have had in a long time. Gloria is an amazing server! Lover her! Food a little dry but honestly don't care - that's how welcoming and great these people are....I can deal with a Lil dryness in the food....just not In The people :)Will be back.
1	Was like eating Mexican food in Sun City. Bland without creative texture or flavor. Drinks very week 99% mix.
3	This place is walking distance from my office. I eat here maybe once a month. The food is good and consistent. It's not great Mexican food but it's better than some. My only reason for less stars is due to the higher prices they now charge. The food just isn't worth the higher costs to get more stars.
5	First of all, I must say, Connor is by far the most wonderful server I have ever had. Second, this is the most tasty and high-quality mexican food in the area. When we first arrived at said restaurant, our wonderful server by the name of Connor greeted us warmly with a big smile (and very charming dimples). The young man took us to a nice table by the windows that overlooked the pond, where we captured the moments of young ducklings following their parent ducklings. Very serene moments to enhance our dining experience.Connor took our drink orders: I asked him about each of the margaritas, and proceeded to choose the "Sangria-rita", a creative collaboration of sangria and a margarita. It was very tasty, Connor made a great recommendation. My two friends each got the house margaritas; one frozen, one on the rocks; and only one with salt. Surprisingly, despite how busy the restaurant was (it was about 15 after 5p.m.), Connor returned with our margaritas almost immediately. Go Connor! *High-five*Next, Connor informed us about the table-side guacamole, which we decided to order. He came back with an entire set-up: about four avocados, diced onion, cilantro, tomato, lemon and lime, salt and pepper, and some cheese for the cheese lovers out there (I do not prefer cheese in my guacamole). He made the guacamole exactly to our preferences and held a wonderful conversation with us the entire time. Such a dapper young man!We proceeded to order our entrees, which were also delicious. Connor recommended the chicken chimichangas and the beef enchiladas, which were both incredible and served sizzling hot. Overall, we were very pleased with our experience. We especially loved our server, Connor; who not only made sure we enjoyed our dinner, but our experience as a whole. If you ever go dine there, ask for Connor. He has strawberry-blonde hair, dimples, eyes as blue as the water surrounding the restaurant, and a wonderful smile.Next time we are on this side of town, we will undoubtably be visiting this location again (and requesting Connor as our server)! Loved our experience.
3	Hit this place up for a quick happy hour meal. Had to have the enchiladas, they were a little dry. Parking may be an issue if this place was busier.
5	The rice is fluffy, the salsa is perfectly mild, the green corn tamale is wonderful. The service is fast and friendly.
1	Saw this place on Yelp so thought I would give it a try, sorry I did. The salsa is one of the worst I have ever tried. People in the rest of my party were also very displeased with their entrees to say the least. Ordered a cocktail, which the waitress just raved about, why I don't know. Was basically a kool-aide drink in a cocktail glass. But here lies my biggest problem. Started with the guacamole, chips and salsa. Not the best but eatable. Here comes my entree, OMG. I thought I was going to die! Literally! Two bites or so and I start feeling queasy. And I mean this crap won't stop. So I take a trip to the rest room and figure I will let it pass. But my stomach says different. I started throwing up there proceeded to come home and couldn't stop until every little thing I had eaten at that God forsaken place was out of my system. Will I try it again? I say not. When I told the waitress about the incident she was very nice and quite apologetic. The other women that was called over never introduced herself and was quite rude. Offered to take it off my bill and that was that. By the way I ordered plate # 2 with a green tamale al a cart. I still feel queasy just thinking about it. Good thing there were no great smells or aromas or I probably would not be able to eat this combo any where else either. And to think I went there with such great expectations. I wish that woman, whom ever she may be, would have been courteous. Then maybe I might think of giving them another, try not. Lol.
2	We went on a Sunday for a late lunch.No one greeted us as we walked in and we waited there for a few minutes, the bartender glancing over at us once but largely ignoring us the whole time. When the girl came out of the back, she said she was sorry and blamed the computers being down for her not being at the front. She then took us across the patio and into an uncomfortably cold room with a bunch of flies buzzing around. There was a strong smell of chemical cleaners. We were greeted by our server within a few minutes. He asked us for our drink orders (just sodas) and came back a few minutes later with those and our chips with salsa.The chips were great; fresh. warm, and lightly salted. The salsas, though, tasted jarred and not fresh at all. They were okay; it would've been really easy to just chop up some fresh cilantro and mix it in to give it a brighter flavor. Tasted like Sam's Club salsa.While ordering, my mom asked if they had any specials and our server paused, looked unsure, and just said "Uhhh no, I don't think so," and then asked what we wanted. After ordering, he came around to top off our drinks and chips somewhat often, but it took 35 minutes for us to get our food with almost nobody else eating at the restaurant.When our food came, our plates were hot and there was a dried crust on top of my beans; a clear sign of sitting under a heat-lamp for 5 or 10 minutes. I ordered the "Street Tacos" with el pastor, carnitas, and swordfish. What little meat was actually on the plate was buried under a massive pile of cabbage, shredded cheese, and red onions. I literally couldn't tell which taco had which meat in it until I bit into it. With no sauce, all of the "fillers" on the tacos made for a very dry, veggie-heavy bite. Carnitas was nothing special; swordfish was decent, but had too much spice for the delicate flavor of the fish; el pastor just tasted like someone grilled pork with nothing on it but orange juice. Black beans were alright, but certainly not the best I'd ever had.My girlfriend had the guacamole on her burrito and said it tasted bland and flat, as though it had been in a refrigerator for a few days. She also said the big chicken burrito she got was "average".When our server came to clear our dishes, I had eaten one taco (the carnitas, out of hunger) and maybe a bite out of the others. He asked if I was finished, I said "Yes," and he just took it without asking if I enjoyed everything as there was still more than half of my food left. If he didn't care or even notice that I didn't eat a big part of my meal, I don't care to bring up the problem, especially when the rest of my experience was so mediocre.Even while accounting for the computers being down, our server still took a long time to write out the bill and bring it to us. By that time, we were there for 75 minutes and wound up spending 90 there before leaving.Each time the door opened up (they have two buildings and have to bring food out of one, through the patio area, and into the other), more flies flew in and they kept landing on all of our food and drinks.The theme is really forced. The colors are obnoxiously bright and some of the decorations look like tacky garage-sale items. The music is really loud (where we were) and some of the songs were really annoying and repetitive.They bring food out of the kitchen through a tiny hallway next to the bar, around a series of blind corners. This hallway is also where the restrooms are and my mom nearly knocked over a server carrying a huge tray of sizzling food, and she had to back out of the hallway before going into the restroom. The server then came right through the entrance part of the restaurant, forcing people just walking in to move out of the way.Overall impressions:Pros:+ Food wasn't terrible+ Server was polite+ Menu offers a few more traditional Mexican items than your average Americanized Mexican restaurantCons:- Food wasn't noteworthy; maybe a 5/10. What wasn't fresh was boring and what tasted fresh had flaws with flavor and ingredient balance.- Server seemed unknowledgeable and was slow, even with almost no one else dining.- Theme and music got annoying after awhile- Flies buzzing in our facesLasting thought: Just another mediocre Americanized Mexican restaurant with more attention to theme and atmosphere than on food and service quality. Not sure on the night-life (the patio would probably be nice and they have a full-service bar), but this early-afternoon meal left me still searching for some classic juicy, tangy, fresh, crunchy, and creamy Mexican food. I could've gone to a hole-in-the-wall Mexican food place, spent 15 minutes, spent half the money, and had the same amount of food on a completely different quality level.Recommendation: If you want to spend $13 for a plate of average food with average service surrounded by a very forced theme, go for it. If not, look for lunch and early dinner elsewhere. Probably won't come back.
2	Authentic Mexican food? I don't so! I went in on a Tuesday afternoon with a few friends. We were not greeted when we walked in. However, we were seated with in a couple of minutes. One of my friends noticed that the chips were stale so she proceeded to ask for fresh beans. I ordered 2-enchilada dinner with black beans. The tortillas from the enchiladas were tough, I couldn't cut them using only a fork. Enchilada's are supposed to be tender, it really seemed as the tortillas were left out and used the next day. The Black beans were so bland and came out of a can. I ordered a side of guacamole and had to ask the nice server to take it back. It tasted really bad-not fresh at all. I have given two stars for the service. It's not the waiters fault so I can appreciate them.
1	Let me just say that if I could give this place a 0 star I would..Aunt Chilada's, I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a very very long time & when I decided to take my family here for a birthday gathering it all went way down south & I can thank the staff here for it. Tonight I had my family 11 people including 4 children come here for dinner 9-13-14 around 5 o'clock..My family had decorated the table with birthday items and we were in a secluded corner it looked like they had set up for large parties, from what I believe we were the only people in this side of the section of the restaurant. After about 10 mins of the kids laughing and the adults talking and the birthday squeakers going this place was ready to kick us out..After we had ordered our server told us to stop being loud & for us to stop using the birthday favors. We said okay and had taken them from the kids.. Then adults were still talking amongst each other and a "non-friendly" "extremely rude" charge/supervisor/manager named Lindsay comes over with some other people and asked to talk to my mom who made the arrangements in the corner, I for one felt very offended by this. She is extremely rude to my mom and basically tells us if we don't shut up and stop bothering other people that we were going to be kicked out..Mom: Are you asking us that we should leave?"Lindsay: Yes, yes I'm wanting you to get out of our establishment." I'm not quite sure if those are her exact words but yes she said "GET OUT"Who in the customer service business says " GET OUT" to a customer. YOU DON'T SAY THAT... HORRIBLE.Who in the hell do you think you are to talk to my mother like that you pathetic piece of a "customer service" supervisor?!She leaves with her little "helpers" and we sit down, my mom is beyond stressed out by this utmost disrespect. We are gathering our things to leave..THEN we get it a third time right after Lindsey leaves!!This idiot guy with some "professional" business clothes comes over to our table with security from the damn resort next door!He starts telling us that we are being loud and blah blah blah.. I tell him " Sir, you and your charges/supervisors have come over multiple times to tell us the same thing, we have stopped being loud & using the party favors quite a while ago & you keep coming over and interrogating us constantly we get it we have stopped" Manager: "Okay, okay.. um thanks.. Now you have really pissed me off, I now feel offended because you are attacking me in front of my children. One of my children has a "developmental delay" he does not understand why you are being this way to us.. My husband stands up and says "why don't we just leave, they are probably going to just spit in our food anyways" yeah why dont we just go..We stand up and start packing our things, what a horrible birthday dinner this has turned out to be. I have had bad service but to be attacking your customers because they are being "loud" is no excuse, they could have asked us kindly to be quiet but no, they would rather lose out on 200+ dollars of our money. The only thing good that came out of this is that they excused our couple fountain drinks and iced teas that we did order. Oh, and another thing the salsa tastes like crap, it was cold and tasted like something I would buy off the counter in the store for example: pace..What a bad restaurant, don't go here, there are plenty of other good Mexican food restaurants around that are more enjoyable than this place..
4	Had been wanting to try this place for years and fiinally got the chance last Sunday evening. We was very happy with the service and the food was GREAT! Salsa and chips awesome and so was our waitress. Food was served HOT and fast!  Loved sitting on the patio. Planning to go back again this next Friday to help a friend celebrate his birthday. Hope it's as good as it was last week! Not sure why there are so many negative reviews. We were very pleased!
5	Amazing. I loved every bite. Our waitress was extremely friendly.my wife wants to travel back to the resort just for aunt cheladas.
3	I loved the molcajete! The margarita was really good as well, and it sneaks up on you.. i could barely make it to the car!
4	Service was prompt and attentive. Food was served quickly and was great. Recommend the creamy jalepeno sauce on the chimichanga!
4	Loved the atmosphere outside. Prompt, courteous service and fantastic food and drinks.I'll definitely return!
3	Passable.  Good for big groups.  The queso is better than the chips and salsa.  The various menu items *sound* incredible, and what I've had wasn't bad by any means, but not particularly memorable either.  Extremely convenient if you're staying at the hotel next door though, definitely worth it in that case.
1	Probably the worst Mexican food of all time.  They do have good Cadillac margaritas but that the only reason I would give them a star.  The food was absolutely horrible.  I do not even want to go into detail about why it was so bad.
