5	Customer service is great, the smoothies and bowls are delicious, and it's a nice, cool atmosphere. My favorite acai bowls are "Go Green" and "Original". The food is healthy, yummy, and affordable! I recommend it to anyone, any age!
5	I Loved the chocolate peanut butter bowl I ate when visiting Thrive! They have a great selection of bowls, and other yummies to choose from. My kids (who are VERY picky) LOVE going here, and cant wait for the next visit! The Staff is very friendly, and very informative in regards to Thrives other services available...check them out :)
5	AHHHHH! I am soooo excited about this place opening here!! Can you feel my excitement?! I am no gluten free or vegetarian individual. I love my meat, but I also love my acai bowls. I used to be so depressed that there is nowhere close by that has my delicious acai bowls. Back in California they are everywhere, but not so much in Arizona. Now my life is back in shape all because of this awesome acai place. It tastes delicious!!! I guarantee. I know it is so weird how can something so healthy and wonderful for your skin and body taste so good. Scientists at NASA are currently working on solving this phenomenon. Definitely try this place. As for me, i am now a regular. I love how their acai tastes fresh and not mixed in with so much apple juice or other things like at other places. It just tastes so good I can't say it enough.
5	Love. Love. Love!! This place is awesome. I have tasted acai before but I didn't love it... but these bowls? They are deelish and so fresh tasting, likes a wonderful desert, yet healthy. I would recommend it to everyone, not just health nuts.
5	I was so excited that this place opened up close to me. My wallet on the other hand is a little nervous. As it should be! This place offers delicious acai, compelling me to go every week. They have a ton of flavors, which I have never ever seen before. Trust me, I have had a lot of acai in my days. The flavor is perfect. Not too sweet not too tart and they don't add a ton of apple juice to dilute it. It is heaven in a bowl topped with bananas, granola, and a hint of honey.  If you have something against bowls, you can get their smoothies. Did I mention acai is full of antioxidants? Plus last time I was there they told me if you are an AT STILL student you get 10% off your order.
5	I have been hearing about this place for months and I finally made it out there today.  I was finally able to find something that is delicious after my workout and has so many of the nutrients I need for the day.  I am highly recommending this place for everyone.
4	Acai bowls are good, I just wish they'd freely post their nutritional information.
4	Great light breakfast or snack anytime. Been a few times with the lady. Fresh made peanut butter is very good and a must add in.
4	Not your regular smoothie shop, I was introduced to this place by a "health nut" friend of mine. He goes all the time. They even have a bowl named after him. Not sure what is the difference but you can ask for "Cody Style" and they will know what you mean. I was surprised that it seemed to fill me up, or that I felt full quite a long time after eating a bowl. And it tastes good too! Chocolate coconut is my favorite.
1	I don't know if we just hit this place on the wrong day but since there was NOBODY else in there, I tend to think we didn't. I haven't been to a place in a long time that had such extremely poor customer service and I mean BAD!  We only ordered two smoothies and a mini acai bowl. After waiting nearly 20 min. the two ladies walk out with one smoothie and the acai bowl and one immediately tells me that it took so long because they had a HUUUUGE call in order and suggests next time if I don't want to wait that I call my order in; are you kidding me, since when does a customer that is in your store ready to order and pay take a lower priority over a called in order?  After her spiel about the length of time, I explain to her that we are missing a smoothie. With no apology she very defensively tells me that not only did I not order the other smoothie but, I didn't pay for the other smoothie and that she can show me the receipt to prove it; WHOA!!!!! A simple sorry I didn't hear that part of your order would you like me to make that now would have been fine, instead she has an attitude like I am trying to rip her off. All I know is we were first and last time customers and I will tell everybody about our horrible experience there.  The food may be healthy but the attitudes of the employees (and I sure hope they weren't the owners) need a good spiritual cleansing!
5	We love this place! The acai bowls they make are kind of like smoothies with some other stuff mixed in, but they make you feel so good because they are naturally sweetened -- without any sugar. Very healthy and very tasty.
5	OMG this was unbelievably tasty and uber healthy.Its like a smoothie in a bowl but BETTER.I tried the Original by the servers recommendation. Good choice!Acai, strawberries, blueberries all mixed up topped with granola and bananas and drizzled with honey.No added ice or sugar.So so tasty and refreshing.Kinda wish I'd ordered the large!
5	Thrive! has been on my to-do list for many moons... after all, it's the only place to get an acai bowl within an hour of Scottsdale. I finally made it down to Gilbert this morning, and now I hate myself for not discovering the glory of Thrive sooner (but really, I love myself, because I just had a giant acai bowl and am feelin' fine).My favorite thing about Thrive is the ingredient selection, which tops anywhere I've been in California. They even beat out Sambazon's Acai Cafe, which is 100% build-your-own bowl style. Yes, there's a menu, but many a secret ingredient hides in the kitchen, including super foods like cacao nibs, goji berries, spirulina, maca powder, hemp and chia seeds. Other highlights include homemade nut butters, protein powders, all kinds of berries and tropical fruit, and hemp-flax or gluten-free granola.I'm too excited by any restaurant's build-your-own option to order a set menu item, and given the myriad possibilities laid out before me... I knew the original bowl wasn't going to cut it. I made my own acai blend (spirulina, cacao nibs, chocolate protein powder, banana, and walnut butter) and topped it off hemp-flax granola, walnuts, and chocolate shavings. AY. DIOS. MIO. Too delicious for English words... and five hours later, I'm still full.The owner was even sweet enough to let us try free samples of the tropical, chocolate peanut butter, and chocolate coconut bowls... which were unsurprisingly scrumptious. Overall, I'm left with these two thoughts: 1) Even if Thrive is 25 minutes away, I've got plans to fill out my punch card and get a 10th bowl free before the end of the month, and 2) Why is there only one of these? Time to start replacing Scottsdale's 473 crap-tastic FroYo places with acai cafes!
5	Delish! Healthy, refreshing, and unique. Gluten free granola is offered too :)
5	Had one of their large Tropical cups for the first time today. WOW. I am a picky easter  and it was fantastic Will be taking the family back soon!
4	After an incredibly long day I decided to stop by this place on the way back home to try one of their 'meal-replacement' sized frozen treats.  Chocolate coconut - XL ($10). Tasted just as I had imagined... Very flavorful and satisfyingly smooth and cold.. Could qualify for a light meal replacement, though I could imagine getting add-ons like granola or oatmeal would enhance that.  Will be back to try the peanut butter variety, thumbs up!
1	I was excited about this place because I am a huge acai fan. So, I go in (15 min ago) and there are 3 high school kids working there, 2 on laptops and 1 behind the counter. I wasn't greeted when entering and when I ordered the kids got up from their laptops without washing there hands or putting on gloves and made my acai bowl. Had I not paid I would have walked out. I can't tell you if the food was good because I threw it away. Thanks for the wasted $7. I would have prob came in a few times a week.
5	Very good healthy food and friendly staff.
5	I LOVE THRIVE!!!! They are my favorite place to go for a yummy treat. It tastes sinfully delicious but it's heavenly good for you! No added junk, just healthy delicious fruit pureed to a soft serve consistency with oats and honey for an extra treat! My favorite is the peanut butter! What kind are you going to try?
5	The best acai bowl I have ever eaten was at Protea Cafe in Hawaii. Of course, when you live in AZ... going to the Protea Cafe in HI is obviously not an option except for maybe once a year. Thrive is my local Protea Cafe. This place is great. The acai bowls are awesome and I love the different flavours they offer. Lets be honest, making your own acai bowl is not always ideal. All the ingredients you need make it expensive to make on your own and you'll land up not even enjoying it. Thrive offers great bowls at an even better price! If I could, I would eat here for lunch every. single. day. Just a fair warning... it will take a good 10 minutes for you to get your bowl, but well worth the wait! Plus I never mind when places take some time to make my meal because that means they're only making it when I order it! My mom is on her way right now to grab us some bowls. Try it... you won't be disappointed! :)
5	I love this place! My friends and I frequent here about once a week for the past few months. I have tried about half of the bowls on the menu and have gotten stuck on the passion fruit one. The service is good and the people are friendly. I absolutely recommend trying this place!
4	Guilt free dessert (meal) is here! Depending what size I get and the type, it has served as a meal replacement before, especially the peanut one. I've tried the Go Green and the Peanut Butter. Go Green was fruity and refreshing, just what I was looking for whereas on my second visit I decided to go nuts! :) So I ordered the Peanut Butter and though it was good, it was SO filling. It wasn't compelling to eat more than a few spoonfuls in one sitting. I'll be back for the Go Green or to try others. All in all the granola, acai blend and fresh fruit is pimp.
4	Really good smoothies and Acai bowls. The downside is its almost impossible to go there on a break, they take forever!!!Changed this from a 3 star to a 4 because i thought about it and the owner lady was very nice and doesn't deserve less.
5	This place is awesome!! It taste very natural & very healthy. I tried the go green and my hubby had the original both were great.  Forget ice cream, I've found something better and healthier. Staff was very friendly!
4	Nice alternative to a smoothie.
5	I wish there was a place like this in Denver where I live, but when I'm in Mesa I have every intention of stopping here, I just don't always get time. I got the peanut butter bowl and it was really good. I was there about 3 weeks ago but from what I remember they had a decent selection of acai bowls of goodness. I remember peanut butter, banana, granola and whatever else was in it was so good. It's a somewhat healthy alternative when you want something sweet.
4	I used to come here all the time when they first opened. I then went away and attended BYU Hawaii, and if anyone has ever been to Hawaii, they know that acai bowls are everywhere! Since returning home, I totally forgot about Thrive! until a few weeks ago, and have been returning every week since. It's very yummy and I love the convenient location, but after trying a plethora of different acai bowl places in Hawaii, I might have turned into an "acai bowl snob." A couple suggestions I would have to make this place even better would be to have a sorbet option, where the acai main part is just a little thicker of a consistency. Also, I've had better granola in my acai bowl explorations. But overall, I've had an extremely positive experience every time I've been here, and it's definitely one of my favorite places here in G-town!
4	Wow... I was a skeptic, but now I'm a devotee. A coworker was always going here for lunch and inviting me, but I was sure that a blended bowl of fruit, veggies, grains and various ingredients wouldn't satisfy me til dinner. I was wrong!  I've had the peanut butter and the chocolate coconut a couple times and I am hooked.  There are a couple others that I look forward to trying in the coming months.  Definitely give it a try if you're in the area.  Sign up for their text message alerts for deals too!
3	Hubby brought this back for me for breakfast one morning on a recent trip to AZ. I only have my local Vitality Bowls to compare this to, but this was good. I didn't go to the store, so can't comment on that, but hubby called me to ask if I wanted Small, Medium, Large, or Extra Large bowl and I asked for medium telling him I wanted something equivalent to the Small here at Vitality Bowls. The medium from this place was even smaller and more expensive, so they lose a star for that. However, the acai base was more flavorful than the local joint here, so score on that! I love acai bowls so this place is a great place to get healthy food and I will go back again when in the area.
1	Wow!! Thrive? Disappointing. The bowl was delicious but the customer service and the 30 min wait to get a smoothie! That just to much for me. I could of went to Jamba Juice and been home by now. I get that you had a bunch of orders but you need to let people know before they order that it will take that long or my solution-( Higher another person). Time is money. So i guess order for pick up if you must but there is just to many options to bother.
5	one word: delicious!
4	I have been here a few times and have had different experiences each time. Once I came and there was some sort of meeting going on in the back. I have never been at a job where the business meetings were not in a private room and it was a little uncomfortable. Overall, the atmosphere of the workers is a little too laid back for me. Maybe a uniform of some sort would help. Food is good, I love the chocolate peanut butter bowl! However, it is VERY expensive for what you get. I got two smalls today and paid eleven dollars!! Even coming from an old Starbucks employee, I think it's very overpriced. Good food though!
4	Thrive is a great little place to grab a healthy snack or go for an all fruit inspired lunch.  All of their menu items taste great and are also very appealing visually.  They use a lot of fresh ingredients and everything is fruit and acai based.  I have tried almost every bowl on the menu and I have yet to find one that I dislike (The raspberry is a little tart, but I think that almost makes it better!).  I haven't tried many of their smoothies, but they all sound great.  They have a lot of options in case you don't like the ingredients or have food intolerance issues (think glutten-free granola here).  The staff is always super nice and warm towards anyone who comes through the doors, even when they are crazy busy.  They are really good at accommodating phone orders and do a good job in paying attention to large orders, like when our whole office decides to call in at once.  Their gift cards are a great little treat to give and receive.   I only have two reasons for it not getting a perfect five stars: 1. Since they opened the Tempe location and have updated their menus, you get quite a bit less acai blended goodness per bowl and they have instead added a lot of "fluff" to the top in the way of extra granola and fresh toppings.  Personally, I liked it better before when they offered more substance than just a scoop of granola and a few banana slices.  2.  I think it's a little pricey for what you get.  A medium sized bowl averages around $8 .  These are all items that can be easily re-created at home for a fraction, but, I guess you pay for convenience and a clean kitchen. Definitely a place I know I will go back to time and time again though.  It's a healthy alternative to all the junky fast food joints that are in the area.
5	This is literally my favorite place to eat in all of Arizona! The bowls and smoothies are awesome, and the staff is great! I come here probably twice a week for lunch or post workout. I love them all, and usually get the oatmeal on the bottom of the bowl, so delicious! Great for anyone with gluten or dairy allergies too! Just ask for gluten free granola if thats what you need!
5	The bowls are very delicious and refreshing. Plus, I don't feel bad about myself afterwards like I do when I eat ice cream.
4	This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.  getting the acai bowls for breakfast is a little early for me to eat something that cold.  I could see as a lunch option would be perfect on the weekend when you aren't in a hurry because its definitely worth savoring.  I absolutely love the granola and would take granola and bananas as a topping on these acai bowls any day.So yummy!
4	THRIVE IS AMAZING!!! The only complaint I have is the price but I will still pay it. It's not enough to prevent me from going, just from going more often. I'm only 18 so I don't always have $8 to spend on an acai bowl but I still love it. It's so healthy and I feel so refreshed after eating there. The fruit is all fresh and such great quality. I'm a little disappointed to see people on here comparing it to Jamba Juice. This isn't jamba juice. If you want a jamba juice, then go to jamba juice. Jamba is a chain, this is not. Everything at jamba is frozen and you can in my opinion just taste preservatives in it. Thrive is fresh and tastes fresh. And yes when everything is fresh you can wait an extra 5 minutes for them to make it I mean come on!! And I love that they put the blenders in the back room I can't stand how Jamba has them out there its too loud and hurts everyones ears! This is such a great alternative to froyo and stuff like that. I truly think these types of places are going to get more and more popular. Thrive rocks especially if you love being healthy :)
4	For a healthier, light lunch, Thrive's acai bowls are a good option for something refreshing and cool in the hot heat of summer. This location is larger than the Tempe one, with more tables for people to sit down and enjoy their bowl or smoothie. I've had every bowl, and my favorites so far are the chocolate walnut, tropical, and cherry.
4	I'm an acai convert! My gym and work are right next to Thrive, but I never considered eating there until I saw some rave reviews from fellow Yelpers. I'm so thankful I tried Thrive out because it's a wonderful work lunch option for me.Yes, the bowls might seem expensive for $8-10 each, but I stay full for at least 4 hours after eating one. I usually get a medium with one or two extra toppings like cacao nibs or goji berries.  The granola they use is very good, and I love how it pairs with the tart acai base. The chocolate walnut bowl is my favorite, but I plan on trying them all.Service has been friendly and quick. One young woman was even conscientious enough to follow me outside to make sure my order was correct (it was). The only thing I haven't been happy with is the use of frozen fruit (e.g. pineapple, cherries). I'd rather those bowls be taken off the menu if the fresh fruit isn't available.I'd also like it if the nutrition information available at the counter was also posted on the website. I'm sure many people would find that useful.
3	Ok... Let's be honest, it's a desert. If you're like my fiance, then you think that because it has 3 leaves of spinach and some acai in it, then it's a "healthy meal"... I disagree. It may be naturally occurring sugar but it's got lots of it. Topped with honey and granola. Yum, yes. Healthy, debatable.Also, the prices are way too high, and the wait was ridiculous. I really thought it was delicious (Go Green Bowl) but I don't think I'll pay or wait for it again. Sorry! Not super impressed.
5	We showed up at 8:56pm and they close at 9pm... They were very nice and still served us.  It was a great late night treat. The employees were really nice and did not make it a big deal when we ordered just before closing.  It's something I would recommend nothing to compare it too.  Really good healthy treat.
4	Good stuff! Seems to be relatively healthy. Great snack  before or after the gym. 4 stars because of inconsistency in the bowls. Ex. Sometimes you get honey, sometimes you don't.
1	Wait was ridiculous and the the menu doesn't tell you what is in the smoothie, which I think is very odd for a "healthy" breakfast option. The greens smoothie was so sweet it was almost unbearable. My mom ordered one of the acia bowls, which is basically Sorbet ice cream and some fruit. I questioned the waitstaff on the amount of sugar in their products and we were told that there was no added sugars.... which we later found out that she meant there is stevia added to everything. The amount of sweeteners in the menu items is out of control and needs to be toned down. I would not classify anything on their menu as healthy. Thrive Should be listed as a dessert stop.Ps frozen fruit is not live and raw....
3	Eh. Not really understanding all the amazing reviews. Me and the Hubby ordered bowls. They were ok. Nothing special. We have had our fair share in Hawaii. I didn't like the store set up. Making the bowls in the back? Weird. Plus the store was filthy! Fruit smeared on a chair, dirty tables, even the kid that helped us his apron was so dirty. Yuck! I probably won't ever go back, it was expensive and just so so. The amount of dirty just turned me off.
4	I love these bowls!  They are delicious and a pretty healthy alternative to ice cream.  I wish I could go more.  They're a little expensive, but I can understand when you look at all the ingredients and the time it takes to make each one.  If you go when there are a few people ahead of you, it might be easier to come back because they do get behind really quickly.  I'm glad they make them in the little closet room with the window because it's loud in there.The decor is decent in the front, though there are times when the tables or chairs needed wiping down but everyone's in back working hard.  The back of the store is not really well defined with boxes of ingredients and supplements.Once, my daughter found a long blonde hair in her bowl and it grossed her out.  I think it's because of the frenzy in the blender room.  Maybe hairnets are necessary?
4	Definitely a fan! Ordered the Original Bowl and it was delicious! However, the wait was incredibly long for one bowl!
5	Yummy! My wife loves this place. I think it's a good snack. I'd probably get the free oatmeal next time to make it better.
5	This place is my go-to place for smoothies.  Way better and healthier (tastier too in my humble opinion) than Jamba Juice!!  Even though they're known for their acai bowls, I'm so obsessed with their smoothies that I have yet to try one...but I plan to someday.  Family owned, clean and cute inside.Definitely try the Mango Passion and Tropical smoothies!  Really flavorful and loaded with antioxidants too.  Smoothies come in 3 sizes--kids, medium, and large with a huge straw that looks like it could suck up a small child.  ;)  Also make sure to get one of their rewards punch cards because your (my) acai addiction can get expensive!
5	Ok, so I finally tried their acai bowls and they're AMAZING as well!  I especially love the Strawberry Passion, Go Green, and Raspberry Pecan!
5	All the bowls r great. You gotta be patient tho cuz it does take a little while to get your food. I recommend calling before so by the time you get there it's a short wait. But everything they have is pretty awesome.
3	Decent Acai bowl at a reasonable price. Very minimalist decor.  Somewhat of a wait for our stuff.
2	I went to Thrive today expecting great things! I had tried an acai bowl in California and it was so good! I was excited to find out there was somewhere near my house that had acai bowls!When I got to Thrive I ordered a small original bowl, which was $4.50. I then sat down at a table to wait for my order, thinking it would take 5-8minutes to get the small bowl prepared. Well, I ended up waiting 25+ minutes for my small bowl. Ridiculous. There were 4 people working there (at least that I saw) and 2 others in the place waiting for their orders. Why would it take so long to prepare a simple, small acai bowl?!? I have the feeling that the people working at Thrive care more about laughing and talking with their friends in the back (where they prepare the bowls) than actually helping the customers. The employees were not rude or mean but they were definitely not very friendly. The bowl itself was nothing spectacular. It was just ok. There were 2 pieces of strawberries and 2 pieces of sliced banana and some granola on the top of the acai. I'm not sure it was worth $4.50. Definitely not worth the 25 minute wait. I will not be retuning to Thrive anytime soon... :(
5	My husband and I come to this place often for a refreshing bowl or smoothie and we are always very happy. The product tastes great, and the staff and friendly. Everything we've tried on the menu is delicious but our favorites are the chocolate peanut butter bowl and the tropical bowl. Yum!
5	I had heard of this place from a friend but hadn't made it over since it is not close to my home. I went today for lunch & it was fantastic! I was initially concerned it wouldn't be enough food for a whole meal but it really was. They have a choice of 10-15 different acai bowls, which is what i was interested in. They also have smoothies. You pick a bowl flavor but can also upgrade & add a variety  of extras- like nut butter, protein powder, hemp seeds, etc. the bottom half of the bowl is the thick acai smoothie part, & the top has granola, fruit & other goodies!I got the chocolate coconut bowl which came with almond butter & chocolate pea protein so i didn't need to do a protein ad in. The top had granola, strawberries, bananas, coconut. It was so fantastic! I loved every bite!I hope they expand & put a location in south chandler or gilbert. I would go several times a week! But even at a 25 minute drive i will be back!
4	My aunt recommended this place to me. She does no sugar so this was a great SUGAR-FREE dessert. When I finally got around to trying it I was blown away!! It was absolutely amazing. It was sweet, cold, and healthy! The reason in have only given Thrive four stars is because of 1. The wait time, I usually end up waiting at least 15-40 minutes for my order  2. They have been known to make mistakes, they've gotten both my order and my aunt's order wrong before 3. It's not cheap 4. The close at 9 pm even on the weekends, which means they stop blending at 8:50. I can't express how many times I have wanted to satisfy my sweet tooth late at night (especially on the weekends) but they were already closed!! Overall I love Thrive and I will most likely ALWAYS be a loyal, adoring customer. I go there more frequently than I clean my kitchen...and that saying something
2	Usually these cups are filled to the top.....I am extremely pissed that I was cheated of the proper amount of delicious thrive. I am a valued and frequent customer. I bought FOUR and they were all like this. Unacceptable.
4	If the acai bowls were cheaper we would go every day, but they are a bit pricey so we reserve them for the occasional, healthy treat.  Seriously all these bowls are delicious and they reek of goodness and good health. If ya have a group or you plan to order more than a few it would be wise to call far enough ahead to allow the folks time to make them.  It seems they are a bit prep intensive.Haven't tried the smoothies, still can't get by the bowls.Four stars because of the price and the time it takes to make them, but still Thrive is a great place and we're regulars.
3	I have been twice 6 months apart from each other and tried 6 different bowls by swapping bites from what my family members have ordered. Both times the bowls were yummy! The fruit was fresh. I haven't tried one that I didn't like! The service was friendly enough. They do take a while to make the orders. So after a bit of a wait our first visit I ordered in advance for my second visit and was very pleased. Two things that prevented me from giving this location 5 stars are: cleanliness of the lobby / eating area. It's icky. Genuinely. There are cloth chairs and even the leather couch and plastic chairs prevent me from wanting to return. None of them look like they have ever been wiped down with Clorox wipes or disinfected in any way. My first visit I was there with my kids and genuinely didn't want to let my kids sit on the furniture to wait. There were old bowls sitting out with flies in them and the staff members were in back chatting. A good wash would go a LONG way. I attempted to seat my daughter in a high chair that was terrible. It was covered in previous acai bowls that had been enjoyed. If the cleanliness isn't a lobby priority I worry the back would be much the same. The second complaint is there are no napkins out on the tables for those who are less skilled eating an acai bowl, such as my two young kids. Our second visit was much the same. Nothing looked any dirtier or cleaner. The owner was there on this visit and was prompt to remove old bowls, which was nice to see. For the second visit I came prepared with my own wipes to wipe down the high chair, as well as our messy kids and hands from enjoying the yummy food.
2	The other reviews are pretty on-point: I got the Original bowl, medium sized. Strawberries, blueberries, granola and honey. It tasted fine and was refreshing, but nothing extraordinary. What really put me off was the service, as others have mentioned. I understand high school kids aren't always on their game when working a job like this - I've been there! But they moved slowly and seemed disinterested at best. I waited almost 30 minutes for my food and finally had to ask since my order had apparently gotten lost? An employee brought it out soon after I said something, but they seemed baffled that I was slightly displeased it had taken so long. I'd probably go back if I was in the vicinity but won't go out of my way again to make it back here.
5	Such an amazing treat! I will definitely be coming back here instead of going for an ice cream. I had the Raspberry Lime Acai bowl and it was delicious.
1	This place is run by rude teenagers. The orders take FOREVER, the smoothies aren't very good and if they get your order wrong, they argue with you about what you ordered. Avoid this place!
4	I am addicted to this stuff. I've tried many of the acai bowls and loved each one. It's just fresh and yummy. Really quite filling with the granola on top. I've had them for meals sometimes. The small bowl is enough to make me full but if you want to try it at a meal, I'd bump it up to medium. Large is way too much for one person!
5	This is one of my family's favorite places to grab lunch, breakfast, or a healthy snack after the gym.  We were first told about Thrive! Acai Bowls and Smoothies by some friends and decided to check it out.  Well, I can clearly see why people will wait or line up for these frozen treats- they are absolutely delicious!  Even if you aren't a "health- nut" or more of an icecream person, I would be surprised if you didn't think their Acai bowls weren't amazing also!  My wife is obsessed with the Raspberry Pecan with Hemp Protien and our little 2 year old loves the original.  It's nice that they also offer so many different sizes and variations on the current menu classics.  The only downside is that we don't have a location across the street from our house because we seem to crave them every day.  For anyone out there who wants to try something new, and healthy check this place out!  They have seats inside and an outdoor patio also.  We love this place!
5	The Acai bowls here are absolutely delicious- the healthy part is a big plus! I'm usually more of a carnivore, but the bowls here taste great. It can take some time to make the bowls, so I would always recommend calling ahead on your way in. The flavors are all excellent, and I'm a big fan of the original, go green, and peanut butter (my favorite) flavors.If you haven't tried one yet, you should give it a chance!
4	Super yummy but super expensive!!!   I went for brunch and am still hungry after my awesome peanut butter bowl!
1	Just made a date with my sister and friend to go and try this new Thrive Restaurant. Walked right up to the register (no line) and started looking at the menu. The girl at the register informed me that it would be a 25 min wait for my food if I ordered because they had online orders to fill. Ridiculous! We left. Not waiting 25 min for a $8 smoothy in a bowl, I don't care how healthy it is.
3	The bowls and smoothies are great (My favorite is the tropical bowl... yum!) but the last few times we've been here we've had to wait a REALLY long time to get our food. Yesterday we sat for 35 minutes waiting for 3 smoothies and 2 bowls. My kids were so anxious to leave. There were at least 3 groups of people who came in and were told it would be 30+ minutes so they left. Not sure if they need more help or more equipment, but timeliness has been a huge issue. Other than that, I love the healthier option for a summer treat! The staff is also very polite.
5	A girlfriend brought me here for an Acai bowl... I had no idea what to expect! I got the original Acai bowl and loved it! It was so refreshing, I wanted another one immediately. The location isn't very close to me so I hope they open more locations soon!
4	Was on a hunt for a good healthy vegan place for a treat, and was pleased to find this place, not too far away from where my boyfriend lives! I had never really had an Acai Bowl before, so it was a new experience for me. I got the peanut butter chocolate one and it was very good, very filling as well. I ordered a small but I think they gave me a medium because there was a lot. I could barely finish is, and usually I eat like a cow. My meat-eating boyfriend enjoyed it as well, he got a chocolate coconut acai bowl. Also had trouble finishing his.I came to Thrive a second time, at the other location, and got a chocolate coconut smoothie. I was less impressed with the smoothie, but it was still pretty good.Both times there was a bit of a wait to get the bowl/ smoothie, but there could be many understandable reasons for that. Also kind of expensive, but they have fresh ingredients so it is expected! My bf and I will be back! This is a great place for healthy, filling, vegan-friendly treats. Happy to have discovered this place..thanks Yelp!
5	I absolutely love the peanut butter bowl! And I don't even feel guilty about indulging :)
3	I am an acai bowl addict! I went to the original chop shop in chandler for their acai bowls until I found that thrive was closer to my work and home. First of all, it is expensive. I have tried acai bowls everywhere including out of state and I never felt like they were over priced the way they are at thrive. I was able to get a big sized bowl at chop shop for around $6 and at thrive it's about $9+. I've visited this location more than 5 times and it's really nothing special, I just keep returning because I need my acai fix. My first visit was absolutely chaotic. There were tons of people waiting at 2 in the afternoon and I was told it would be a 30 minute wait to get mine to go. Seriously? The staff is run by high school age kids, which is fine, but they definitely lack the leadership and management skills. Every time I've visited there isn't an employee at the front counter to take orders. They make everything in the back which is behind a closed door with a small window at the top of the door I believe, where I doubt you could see if customers were coming in. There's been countless occasions where I've been standing there waiting for someone to come out and take my order. Whenever the door opens I've seen numerous employees, usually 4 at a time. It makes me wonder what they're doing back there and how hard it can really be to make acai bowls and smoothies. At Jamba Juice you're lucky if you have two employees working at a time and they get your order to you in less than 5 minutes. I highly suggest hiring and training a manager to be on staff at all times that are able to understand what running a business should look like. I've never had an issue with the employees being rude, just nothing special. Again, just very frustrating when you have to wait so long and aren't getting good customer service. If you plan on trying them out, make sure you give yourself the same amount of time you would as a fancy dining restaurant.
2	The food was great, but the service was bad. There were maybe 5 couples in front of us & it took over 30 minutes to get our food.
4	So glad to find this gem. In California it was easier to find an acai bowl. I visit the location on Higley more than Tempe. Thrive does not disappoint, all of their bowls are unique and delicious! My only complaint is how long it takes to get your order. Whether you order 1 or 4 items, it always takes forever to get your bowl. It's always clean, smells okay, and staff friendly. Try this place instead of Jamba Juice people!
2	I wanted to like it here but the service is painfully slow. Stopped here after yoga for a quick bite before work. The person waiting when I got there asked if they had even started making her bowl because she was going to be late and was going to have to cancel her order. There were two people working and it wasn't busy. I don't know why it took so long about 25 mins for 2 bowls and 2 shakes. The low rating is for the service. The food alone would have received 3-3.5. I'll give it one more try but was very disappointed by the service.
4	Acai bowls hand crafted and fresh! Love how clean this place always is, and how consistent the bowls always are. They never skimp on fruit, and the taste is always yummy! Only bummer is the wait time can get a little frustrating.
5	My favorite is the original with chopped walnuts on top. A small is very generous. It's my guilty pleasure treat!
5	great! awesome! tasty ! fresh! i can go on forever I tried it for the first time about a month ago and now I'm kind of addicted. Their bowls are fresh and made on the spot making it all the more delightful experience. The place is always very clean and the employees are very friendly as well.
3	Let me start by saying the bowls are good. However, the atmosphere is unclean and unkempt, especially the restroom. The faucet doesn't even work and the sink is filthy. I don't think they've cleaned it in a long time. It makes me wonder what they do to make the bowls behind closed doors.... And why is it behind closed doors? You're selling health, clean eating, and an experience. Let people see and take part in the experience. Seen Jamba Juice, Bahama Bucks, Cold Stone, etc. Also, the pay counter is a cluttered mess. Again, cleanliness is not a top priority. Move all your point of sale products (except maybe 1 of each item) and pamphlets away so that people can view as their waiting... Cause the wait is long. Nobody is going to hang out at the cashier and read crap. About the wait... We typically go in the morning and the teenage employees always look as if they just got up after a long night out. And then they go behind closed doors and make your bowl........
4	I have been going to Thrive/Fresche for awhile now and LOVE the bowls!  However I do not enjoy eating there at all, the place smells heavily of bleach or some chemical but is not clean??  Especially all the seating, it is stained and looks very dirty. I understand they can not control customers that make a mess but they really need to take more pride in cleaning promptly and replacing items that get destroyed.  Sitting outside is also a no go as it smells of trash. I am sure there is a dumpster near by that is probably out of their control.  With that said my recommendation would be to get your bowl to go and call ahead to avoid the wait. ENJOY!
5	I LOVE Thrive. I go as often as we can. The bowls are mouth watering! My only compliant is that it takes a long time to receive orders
5	My husband & I love this place. We even opt for an acai bowl instead of a blizzard next door at Dairy Queen. I was a little hesitant at first trying something new but it was so worth it. It is basically a smoothie bowl topped with granola, fruit, & honey. A great way to start & end your day!
4	Great bowls! I order the classic acai bowl and add coconut shavings to it. These bowls are tart and full of flavor. The only reason I am rating it 4 stars instead of 5 is because they are SLOW!! Their staff needs more training. The register/ordering process is way too long and cumbersome. And the prep time of the bowls is the longest I've experienced at any acai/juice bar EVER!!! I even tried pre-ordering. I was told the 4 bowls I ordered would be 15/20 minutes. I arrived at the store 25 minutes later and still had to wait 10 minutes. 35 minutes, for 4 bowls!?!? Waaaaay too long. But, the bowls are delicious and the portions are generous. So, despite the long wait, I am still giving this place 4 stars. It deserves 5 stars based on flavor and quality, but the overall experience is time consuming and can be down right annoying. SO-- 4 stars is pretty impressive for such a clunky ordering/prep process. You know the bowls are good if a slow and annoying wait still gets 4 stars. The bowls DO NOT disappoint!
5	I love thrive so much!!! The bowls are delicious and the staff is super friendly and nice. I have noticed that some people made the comment that you can't see what they are doing because they go behind a close door. Well I'm pretty sure that is why that made a HUGE window on the side so you watch them make your bowl :) I love it because you can actually have a conversation unlike Jamba Juice where's the blenders are extremely loud. my favorite is the tropical but the strawberry passion is also really good! If I don't have the time to wait 10 minutes for my bowl (because they use all fresh ingredients) I call ahead my order and they usually always have it ready for me! Love love love thrive!!
