2	Oh noes, Icehouse. I was really excited to bring some out of towners to this new restaurant/pub seated in the heart of South End. The building itself is really neat - super tall ceilings, a nice patio facing South Blvd. and tons of super sweet flat screens inside. This would be a great place to watch a game...but not to eat...and here's why. Four of us were seated and ordered all different things off the menu - chicken tacos, shrimp tacos, shrimp and spinach quesadillas and I ordered the Thai beef salad. Even as we ordered, we thought that some of the menu items looked a little pricey as depicted. But, as this is a new restaurant we didn't quite know what to expect. The food came out very quickly - quite literally within 5-10 minutes, which was good. But the outcome was not. My mother ordered the shrimp and spinach quesadillas and upon tasting them, she put them down and asked me to try them. The spinach had a metallic, almost chemical taste to it. Within five minutes the waitress came over and she offered to bring her something else, later stating that too much oregano was reason that the quesadillas tasted strange. No offense, but I cook with oregano often, and that wasn't the odd taste. My husband's shrimp tacos were fine, but we took issue with the fact that for $12 - all he received were two small tacos with no sides. And my father's chicken tacos - $9 for the same. Even if these tacos were stellar (which per my dining mates they were just ok), that is a paltry amount of food for the price. The only decent item at the table was my Thai Beef Salad - the seasoning was nice, the mint was a pleasant touch, I just wish it had a little more spice. Portion wise it was more than enough. As a replacement to the spinach quesadillas, my mother ordered the Thai beef spring rolls and they were positively swimming in oil. Now, I don't mind a fried item, but lifting up a spring roll and finding a large pool of oil isn't appetizing to anyone. Needless to say, she didn't eat very much at lunch. On a brighter note, Icehouse has an extensive and affordable beer selection that would please just about anyone. Overall, I like the concept and the feel of Icehouse - plenty of brews and plenty of tvs. The food, however, fell waaaay short. I really hope that this place reevaluates its menu as the location and the concept have a lot of potential.
4	Icehouse is great! Southend has needed a big place like this and now we have it. I see others don't like the food but I have been three times and have never had a bad meal--I've taken groups of 4 or 5 each time and no one complained. In fact, we all tried each others' food and loved it. The extensive beer selection only serves to make the dining experience more enjoyable as you can try anything and everything. Rest assured that this is a casual dining experience where you can relax, have fun, and enjoy a good night out watching a game with friends.
4	Went to Icehouse for lunch with my beer-loving family when they were in town - Great choice.  I had the pulled-pork sloppy joe, which is basically just pulled pork that's been simmering in sauce, with a slice of cheese on top.  Good sauce, and nice bark on the pulled pork.  Family members ordered the blackened fish po boy and the buffalo chicken wrap.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and the buffalo chicken sandwich somehow stayed crispy for hours when I took home the leftovers.As for the beer, it's a great selection (mainly bottles, tap list was disappointingly small at 8 beers vs something like 200 bottles).  Despite the few draft beers, the bottle selection gives beer lovers a good opportunity to try tons of random beers, and still never make it through the list.
4	Great service...tried the wings and BBQ sloppy Joe. Overall good experience. Kid friendly if you can get a booth against the wall.
3	Bring your ear plugs! This is a great place to watch sports, but if you plan to talk, go elsewhere. The night I went it was busy and the stereos were blaring. Our table was located directly under a tv and speaker and I found it too loud and impossible to hear anyone...good thing my server could read lips! It's a large and open space with a large patio.Icehouse serves typical bar food. They offer a couple veggie burgers and one was made with garbanzo beans. It was a bit mushy for me, but I'm glad they offered something new. I feel mixed about going back because it wasn't a comfortable atmosphere or memorable food. However, it's in a great location with a casual atmosphere.
2	Pros = beer selection and tons of TV's Cons = food Would go here to watch a game at the bar and drink some beers. Would not go here for the food. Maybe the burgers or sandwiches are good, but I didn't try them as I had the fish tacos. Bland flavors and small portions for the price, which was high for what you get. No sides (rice/beans) for the tacos either. I would recommend side for the fish tacos. Willing to try again, but I'll go with a typical bar sandwich next time...
4	I wrote a review a couple of weeks ago, but Billy told me it was stupid, so I quickly deleted it.  I just called it Asshouse, you know, for the bad food and/or the hot girls. Then I found out a good friend of mine works there, I really felt like I couldn't be honest.  So, I chose to keep my mouth shut.  There's a first for everything.I decided to give it another chance and the Groupon in my purse certainly helped my decision on returning!  We shared some pork soft tacos to start, they were delicious.  I think this will be my official favorite menu item.  Juicy shredded pork, topped with cole slaw and served with a side of vineager based bbq sauce and, of course, a side of diced jalapenos did the trick.  Then I had the garbanzo bean burger, it was good with a hint of mint, topped with feta, cucumber and tomato.  I would have loved to add lettuce, but I was really full from the pork taco, so I really didn't care. Yay for giving a restaurant a second go and enjoying the meal.I'm glad I didn't slam Icehouse, only to eat my words, I would much rather eat pork tacos and drink wheat beer on the patio!
3	Arrived at 5:30 on a Friday night and there was only one other table seated (still early).  The waitress took our drink order and returned quickly.  She could have been friendlier but did her job well.  Service was good. We ordered Teriyaki chicken wings ($5 for 6),  Thai Beef Spring Rolls ($10 for 4) and a Pulled Pork Quesadilla ($9).  The chicken wings were average size, grilled with good flavor but were a bit "flabby".  We prefer our chicken wings crispy.  Came with a few celery and carrot sticks and ranch dressing.  Tasty but would not order again.  On to the Thai Beef Spring Rolls........crispy, very tasty but small for the money.....1 inch by 3 inches.  Menu says comes with spicy peanut sauce but we didn't get a peanut sauce, more like a sweet thai chili sauce.  Would order again though.  Finally the quesadilla was REALLY good, just the right amount of cheese, pork and onion served with salsa and sour cream.  Would order again.  The atmosphere is really beautiful inside with the blue lighting and high ceilings.  I'm sure it must be packed during football season and they have PLENTY of flat screens.  We would definitely return and try other items.
5	Dont understand what is not to like about this place. Popped in during world cup on way to airport and the place was packed, service was attentive without getting in the way and the beer selection was enormous. Glad to see that this area is coming back with the addition of Icehouse. its a sprots bar- Food was good for a sports bar.
2	Pros: Great beer menu.  Nice outdoor covered patio area with picnic tables.  Cons: But inside lots of TV's and sports bar feel.  And the acoustics suck.  The food was mediocre.  We had BBQ pork sandwich and blackbean & chicken quesadilla. Both were good, just not great
4	so i went there right when they opened and it left me @ meh.... then my lady friend who lives a block from it took me back there and it was really good, we went back again saturday night and i felt compelled to write a short review about how much i like the place, its bar its great.  first time i went there i sat down at a table and got some weird jerk chicken deal...not good.  last two times we have sat @ the bar and i have gotten the tune both times, it super super tasty and cooked perfectly, seared blackened crust with cool red/raw center exactly the way i like it.  plus they have an absurd beer selection which melikey a lot.  i'll probably end up frequenting this place and she likes it so go try it for yourself.i mean they have kronenbourg 1664 my favorite beer on menu, its a random french beer that i FN love
3	Went to Ice House Friday evening for the $30 Beer Bucket + 2 person dinner special. The crowd was lively but they still managed to slip us in at 8:30 so that was nice. I really like the atmosphere here- it's modern meets sports bar. We debated for a second whether the special was only going to give us 3 beers (as the picture appeared) but were very surprised to find out it was a full bucket - 6 beers! We had several appetizers to choose from but went with the black bean egg rolls upon recommendation. Id say they were Ok- not great but not terrible either. My boyfriend ordered the Buffalo Chicken Wrap which also came with side option. I wanted the Caesar salad listed - but when I asked if it came with chicken she said that would be an upcharge of $5 (and it didn't even come with a side) ...I thought that was bizarre since the wrap seemed like a much more substantial meal and I was kind of wanting more than lettuce and dressing for my entree. I went with the sliders. He seemed to enjoy his meal but mine was again - just ok. The sliders were served with mustard and pickles - I added some ketchup. The meat was a bit over charred- almost to the point of being burnt and overall not very flavorful. That being said I think it's a cool place. Id go for a beer after work or something- just not sure their food is anything spectacular.
4	Like others, I checked out this place only b/c I had a Groupon. I was sure I was going to have a bad experience because it seems like a cursed locations where restaurants (no matter how good they are) but I had the Groupon so I grabbed and a friend and off we went. We went on a Thursday night where they have a $2 Carolina Blonde and Carolina Strawberry special (they have $4 Margaritas on Tuesdays) I got one just to try the Strawberry but knew that by drinking these, would not help much towards the $30 mark since my friend wasn't hungry. We had attentive service, ordered the chips and queso for a starter and it was great. The salsa was better than some I've had at authentic Mexican places and honestly, I wanted to put my straw in the queso dip and have at it.....but supposedly ladies nor humans are supposed to behave like that. I got the Large Pulled Pork Platter with fries and slaw and again, didn't disappoint. The pork had a western carolina based sauce and the cole slaw was different with a vinegar dressing which I loved. After a few bites of each I was full so I got it to go and it was even better as leftovers. I am really hoping they stay in business because I was all around happy with my experience. Large place with a spacious patio, tv's as far as the eye can see and a humongous beer list. Two thumbs up.
3	When I hear Icehouse, what initially comes to mind is that 12 ounce tall can costing a dollar and some change. Cheap, tempting, and while I've had it oh once or twice in my life, I don't know if I'll ever pick up another can. Yep, that's kinda what Icehouse is. It has so much potential, but lacks proper execution.The bottled beer list is quite impressive, but the food isn't anything special and the draft beer selection is even less impressive. For food we had the sports bar staples; wings, which were um, for lack of a better word, gross and chicken strips. Strips with the batter falling off like it was rolling down a slip 'n slide. Other food items I can't comment on, but a friend stated the veggie burger wasn't very good either (he should have read Faith's review before ordering!). On a positive note though, the decor is pretty nice. A modern take on the typical sports bar. The kitchen is open and at a glance, Icehouse can almost, almost qualify as a high end restaurant. If only the food were better.
4	This Thursday night the Icehouse was packed with football fans and people who just appreciate a large beer selection.  I don't have much experience on their food but the staff have been great.
4	Really good food. Hearty flavors that span Asian to Southern. My kids love the barbecue sandwiches. My wife loves their Thai Beef Salad. With new place, a little inconsistency is normal as tweeking occurs, however the value is good for the quality of food. I'd go here over 15 North anytime for a meal.  Service depends on who you get - ask for your favorite server if possible (once you find him/her).  Good service should be rewarded and acknowledged.
4	I went into Icehouse after waiting tables tonight, grabbed a beer, half night pint night on Wacky Wednesdays. Yay, can we start meeting here on Weds for a Yelp Office Hours meeting? I ordered pork tacos and a White Zombie wheat beer, my tab was $9.90. What a deal. Mon: $2 Bud, Bud Light & Bud SelectTues: 1/2 Price WineWed: 1/2 Price DraftsThur: $2 Carolina Blonde & StrawberryFri: $2.5 Corona & Corona LightSat: $2 Miller Lite & Coors Light - $5 Bloody MarySun: $2 Bud Family Products - $5 Bloody MaryP.S. All the single ladies.... go sit at the bar, this is a boy hangout.
3	We went to watch the Michigan/Michigan State and South Carolina/Alabama game.  It's a great sports bar to watch football as they have many TVs with different games playing.  The beer selection is awesome, but I was disappointed in the service and the food.  Service was very slow. . .not for drinks, but for food.  The food itself was just okay.  I looked for what I thought would be a healthy option and ordered the Garbanzo Bean burger.  Shouldn't be bad, right?  WRONG.  It is fried.  I was SO disappointed.  Who serves a veggie bean burger fried?  I may go back again to watch football, but if I'm hungry. . .I'll look for other options.
4	This place is great for your run of the mill, work downtown under 35 crowd. That's not my crowd, but that's obviously who this place was designed for.The bottled selection is good and their rotating drafts are good as well - I do like seeing their iced down bottle display :) We sat at the bar and I had a chicken pita with pineapple mango salsa and a side salad with balsamic. Both were very good, and the bartender was very accommodating and attentive.On the down side, this place got loud quickly, so I wouldn't recommend going there after 830pm if you want to have a conversation over dinner.
3	i went here for the first time yesterday and i was not that impressed. i was in the mood for a burger so i ordered there texmex burger. which i thought was gonna be different because of the guacamole but spicy because of the pepper jack cheese. NOT. my burger taste like a plain cheeseburger with wayy too much lettuce. i was kinda disappointed. on the bright side the vodka & redbull was $5 and they have a million flat screens so i was able to watch some basketball. our waitress was also really nice. i just wish there food was better because the location itself is great.
2	Yes they do have a good beer selection. Their food is decent. Fried pickles portion was pathetic though. Their pimento burger was pretty good but WAY over cooked. I may be bashing the food but it wasn't that bad. Service on the other hand... Order a beer only to have the server come back and tell me they were out of my selection. Rather than getting my new order she left and I didn't see her for 15 min. Friend of mine came a little later, ordered a beer, 20 min later it finally arrived. The servers response for the wait? "sorry I had to brew it myself..." nope not a substitute for bad service. Better luck next time Icehouse
4	In a small slice of the old gargantuan South End Brewery is Icehouse.  Long gone is the beer making equipment as it was bought by Olde Mecklenburg Brewery. Luckily, Icehouse itself boasts an extensive list of craft and microbrews - so much so that's it difficult to decide.  They have about 12 on tap that rotate and the same amount of seasonals.  The waitress knew a little bit about beer, or at least acted like she did, so that was helpful. She was a good waitress - paying enough attention to us but also letting us enjoy our meal.The food was decent and reasonably priced.  My burger was good, complete with fried pickles, and my side of veggies was nice and crisp.  The wife's seared tuna tacos served with sides of beans and rice were also good.Icehouse is a cool little place in South End for a good meal, and if you're a beer snob, it's a must visit.
3	Really nice atmosphere.  Really good beer.  Not so good food.  We came here on a Saturday afternoon and sat outside for lunch.. I got the pulled pork BBQ sandwich (grade: B-) and I tried the chicken parm (grade: C) that my wife ordered.  From looking at the menu they seem to have some good specials almost everyday.  Would I come back and give it another try.. Yes.. Would I strongly suggest to someone visiting the area.. I dont think so.  But... You be the judge if you feel like taking a chance.. -Ian M.
4	I've been here twice and I think it is a neat place.  I like the fact that they have hightop and lowtop tables.  Sometimes though, it is hard to see many tv's with where you are sitting (we went during NCAA tournament time for our first time), so that's not always the greatest for trying to watch several games at once.As far as the food goes.  The first time I went there I had a chicken wrap, and it was pretty good.  Last week on my return, my boyfriend and I split wings, bbq quesadillas, and fried pickles.  The wings were pretty good, a very smokey taste, which I liked.  The bbq quesadillas were excellent!!!  I highly recommend those.  The fried pickles were just blah, I didn't care for the taste of the batter but they were still okay.Good place and I will return, just not my favorite sports place.
3	Tried Icehouse out on a Saturday college football afternoon.  It wasn't crowded at all, which made for a pleasant trip.  The staff was accommodating for us, to choose an easy spot for a wheelchair. Our waitress left quite a bit to be desired.  Drink order -- 5 minutes later with drinks.  We need a minute -- 15 minutes later before coming back for our order.  She kept going over to the other end of the bar and chatting it up with other staff.  She only came back to check on us once (even though I kept seeing her looking over toward us.  Thanks for not refilling my drink).The food was "eh"...kinda glorified bar food.  My daughter got a quesadilla, and it sure wasn't worth the price charged.  I got a jerk wrap that was pretty marginal, and hubby got pulled pork sliders that really had no taste to them at all.If you want a nice big place to go watch a lot of sports and drink, this might be the place for you.  If you want to find somewhere with a great drink selection and a great menu to go with it, you might want to try elsewhere.
3	Decent but boring spot in Charlotte. Food is pretty good and the beer selection is great , but this place just really lacks personality. If someone comes in town and asks me where to go, I can't imagine saying "Icehouse, it's something you HAVE to see." They are doing everything logistically right, it's just a snooze fest whenever I go.
4	HELLO BEER! This place was formerly known as the Southend Brewery and it hasn't really changed all that much. It has a HUGE selection of beer, so if you're a beer fan you'll want to step foot in this venue before any other. The people are great, super nice! It has a really cool modern feel to it. The food is pretty decent (they even made me a POUTINE, which is a Canadian delicacy... look it up... you won't be sorry) and overall I left very pleased. I'd definitely go back! Bring a sweater, they keep their AC on pretty high :)
4	While I still am not completely sold on food here I have had some great experiences just grabbing some drinks with friends.I came after Nikko on my bday and the bartender comped a round of shots for my friends and I - nice touch! No, they weren't cheapy ones either, I actually was able to pick the drink.I can find almost any beer I am looking for - from Purple Haze, to my home-brew Saranac they have it covered and at a reasonable price. I had 5 beers on my tab and paid a measly $17! If that is still too pricy they had a bud/bud light $2 special which I thought was more than reasonable. Perhaps my favorite feature is that they are able to keep your tab open but still give you your card - as a naturally forgetful person this has been great.On Saturdays they have great music on the patio from 8:30-11:30- which is not to be missed! They play all the favorites ( and span several musical genre's ) and take requests. They also garner a nice crowd, I highly recommend checking it out!
2	Great location and an awesome selection of beers. Plenty of TV's to watch a game, but unfortunately that is where it ends. Food sucks & the service isn't much better. Took my family there for lunch on a Saturday when it wasn't too busy to give it a second try (first time I went was with 15 buddies and since we didn't have a reservation, they didn't even try to accomodate us. Their loss as we just went down the street and dumped a lot of cash at McKoy's) With it not being too busy, I figured service was going to be attentive. Once our food was delivered, our waitress checked on us and then wasn't to be seen again. I was desperate for a drink after trying the fried pickles... or at least that is what I think they were before the cook decided to keep them in the fryer until they were puck-like. The wife got a Salmon BLT, which reminded me of the old Wendy's commercial, but only with salmon instead of beef. The miniscule portion of salmon was quite disappointing. The pulled pork sandwich wasn't much better and actually reminded me of Mac's... which has gone down hill FAST the past couple of years, but that is another review:)
3	I'm not really convinced this is a place where I would love to come to after work or to just eat. The place is pricey and as for their food, it's not really filling. However, they do have a pretty big beer selection. If I were to come here it would probably be just to come and drink and maybe order an appetizer. I enjoyed it though as the service wasn't bad and my coworkers and I had fun. If you're choosing for beer, go here. If you're looking for somewhere to chow down, I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	Looking to get out of the University Area for a recent Panthers game, I decided to go to South End area and to Icehouse on South blvd.  This was the second time I've gone to Icehouse and I am more than willing to give this place my stamp of approval.  Is it the greatest bar of all-time? No, of course not.  Is it the worse bar in the world?  Far from it.  Do I like asking questions, and then answering the very same question I just asked? Of course I do.   First and foremost, I personally think  Icehouse has the best everyday beer deal in the entire Charlotte area.  They have $2.50, 14.9oz Stella Artois cans - EVERYDAY!  At most places you can't even get a 12oz bud lite bottle for $3.00!! I arrived around 7pm on Friday night, my date and I were able to secure a few seats at the bar in front of one of their two 50+ inch screens.  We put in an order of a dozen wings - 1/2 honey bbq, 1/2 hot.  When they arrived at the bar literally smoking hot. They were a bit small in size, but still looked very appetizing.  The wings were sauced perfectly - nice and wet, but not dripping with sauce.  The best part about the wings is that they were nicely charred which added a nice smoking flavor to them. Good sauce + nice smokey flavor + cold ranch = GREAT WING. We also ordered the Castro Pizza as the Panthers game moved into the 3rd quarter.  I was a fan of the Castro, especially the black bean puree that was used as a base for the pie.  Do not order the Castro expecting a red, tomato base sauce.  None-the-less, I found it to be bursting with flavor and freshness.  One could easily tell it was made to order.  The veggies, cheeses, and black-beans united in formation in favor of flavor!!Final thing I have to mention...They have great service here, especially the male bar-tender that was serving my friends and I.  We affectionately referred to him as "Super Bar Tender".  We meant it in the highest regard - he was everything you want out of your bar tender - quick, efficient, had some personality but didn't bug you or seem like he was working you for a tip.  So here's to you Honey BBQ Wings, Castro, and Super Bar Tender - keep up the good work, cheers!
3	IceHouse can be a hit or miss.  I've been several times, and some nights it is PACKED, and others, you could hear a pin drop.  It has been a strange dynamic.  As others have commented, the food is mediocre.  The beer selection is good, service is ok.  The TVs are great.  It is a great place to watch football, but not a great place to go and eat.  Many of the tables are high tops, which aren't kid friendly.  Unless they have music playing or there is a football game on, there are probably better places to eat and drink.
3	Pimento Burger was good and large beer selection.  Went on an off time but staff was friendly.
4	Bangin hot whiskey cider.Food truck events in the parking lot.Cool bartenders.Lots of TV's.
4	The atmosphere here is really cool.  Great place to go with friends and to watch sports.  I love their local selection of craft brews.  The wings were good and the fish tacos were nice too.  I will go back.
4	The Menu is kinda like a nice short story.. a la Edgar Allen Poe (my fav. short story writer). Saying that to say.... ITS TOO MUCH STUFF ON IT!!!Food is pretty good. I like the WINGS, (1/2 dozen for 6 bucks UN-HEARD-OF...... DOZEN = 10.95). BBQ BACON SWISS....... good!!!!FRIES......GOOD (I'M THE ORIGINAL "FRY GUY")CAROLINA PULLED PORK SANDWICH..... 8.25 (WHAAAAA???  8 BUCKS FOR A SLOOPY JOE SANDWICH..... NO BUENO)OTHER than that.... I don't go too far outside those optiions. When I'm here, I'm posted up at the bar or somewhere with a friend for drinks and a ez bite to eat.. & NOT a Dinner location for me. (Distance..not the Food). When you enter the place you may just want to stand and wait for someone to seat you. THAT'S a crap shoot.... maybe someone will.......maybe you they won't. They did a great job on the patio. Bartenders seem to be on point.No reason for anything negative for this place... I like it and tell ppl about it. Cheer's!!!!
3	If I could give it 3.5 stars I would. As the other reviews says, it does have a great beer selection, lots of TVs to watch the games, and the service was friendly and attentive. The food portion is an issue. We stopped by the other night for a quick bite. Ordered the fried pickles. I'd do that again. They were tasty! After scanning the menu I went with the pimento cheese burger and homemade chips. Now, the flavor was there, just the size was missing. Big bun, small patty, $10. The chips were chips. Next time I'll try the wings.
5	Great food! Menu has a lot of options! Tons of BEEER!!! Great sports bar, clean, staff is friendly, tons of TV's. Love this place!!!! Recommend the chicken nachos...they are to die for!!!
1	On a recent trip to Icehouse we noticed our server sitting at a nearby table throughout most of our meal. Another server frequently came by our table to refill our water or to apologize for slow service. At one point I happened to look down and noticed bright green gum stuck to the back of both my legs and all over my knee high boots. Someone had stuck their chewed gum to the front of the seat. Upon letting the other server know so we could possibly get a towel or napkin I noticed our server still sitting at the other table. Finally she came by and when we once again mentioned the gum assuming someone would offer a towel or an apology she replied "We all have personal problems." Um, what?!? It wasn't her or the restaurant's fault obviously and I wasn't looking for a free meal or even an offer to cover the cleaning costs, but an apology or visit by the manager would have gone a long way. Just stop by the table with a wet towel, apology and offer to help and it would have been fixed. The gum came off and aside from some inconvenience and embarrassment at walking around with the backs of my legs covered in gum there is no lasting effect -- aside from the determination NEVER to go back to Icehouse. That server was obnoxious and the management lacking.
4	This is the happy hour spot of choice for my firm. They have a good beer selection and a lot of TVs to watch the game. Their hot wings are amazing and the tacos are also delicious. A great place to see a game, have a drink, and be with friends.
3	Icehouse is a great bar with a very strong sports bar look and feel to it. With all of the TV's on for the game, you're going to have a good time tossing back a few brews while the uniformed guys from one city get their butts handed to them by the other uniformed guys from the other city.I can't really vouch for the food (it looks both expensive and good), but the bar is well stocked and the bartenders are fast, friendly and efficient.Good times to be had here!
3	Not a bad place but can be slow service when packed. Food when we were there wasn't all that but we were told that they were in the middle of changing their menu so we will have to get back to check it out.
4	I wasn't really sure what to expect from the Icehouse but I actually had a great time.1/2 price drafts on Wed. nights with a pretty good selection to choose from. They also had live music and I was excited that they had some healthier food items on their menu unlike a lot of other sports bars. I opted for the seared tuna appetizer and it was very tasty. There is also plenty of space to hang out indoors or outdoors. I will definitely be back soon.
4	1/2 price bottle of wine put me in a great mood to flirt w the hot bartender:) excellent place to watch football
2	Both times I have been there the food is average at best, definitely not great.  Basically overpriced bar food.  Waitress screwed up our orders this last time.  Won't be going back, there are much better places.
3	Good selection of beer, friendly staff, ok food nothing to rave about
2	Ok, here's the thing.. I like Icehouse ok.  I've met my husband there for lunch several times.  I've just not been wowed by the two big things I look for in a dining establishment.  Food and service.The food is ok.  I can't say I've had anything that's really bad, but nothing really memorable, either.  Once, the buttermilk fried chicken was super good, but on a repeat visit, it was tough and the gravy was watery.As for service, I've not been impressed at all.  I've only ever seen female waitstaff, but they never smile, or try to convey that they're remotely interested that anyone is there.  It makes for a rather boring experience, in my opinion.  I'm not saying they need to sit down and ask for my life story, but at least smile.I'm not saying I won't go back, I probably will, but this place is way down on my list of places I would enjoy frequenting.
3	This place is great for drinks and nachos.  The BBQ chicken nachos i have had there the past two times have been amazing.  The overall menu is basic to boring, and the staff seems preoccupied and dull.  But when you are there to hang out for a couple hours and have beers, it isn't a huge issue.
2	When this place first opened up, I would have given it 5 stars.  The food was incredible!!!  My wife used to send me over there just to get a side salad because it was so good.  I have called the buffalo chicken wrap from Icehouse as the best I've ever had.No longer.  The food went from excellent to poor.  Everything was bland and tired tasting.  The ranch dressing was watery and tasted almost fishy.  The buffalo chicken wrap was dry and fell apart when I tried to eat it.  No blue cheese; now they give you that watery ranch on the side.  The side salad went from quality greens to iceberg.  The wings were overcooked.  The BBQ was horrible.  There wasn't one thing on the table that people actually enjoyed.  What a disappointment.Service was slow.  The waitress was nice.I brought my family here from out-of-town thinking they'd be impressed and I was just embarrassed.  They should be too.2 stars for atmosphere and the beer selection.  It was crowded during the Panthers game and they had plenty of TVs.  But....man cannot live on beer and football alone.  Well, not for long, anyway.
4	I chose to try out this place through a Groupon special. First impression...nice set up. Modern bar feel (digging the counter height tables); plenty of flat screen Televisions...all tuned in to sports :) There's an upstairs area that looks down upon the scene and also an outdoor sitting area. They had an outdoor space heater and a live band playing outside the night we were there (the lead singer sounded great by the way). We ordered a Spinach Artichoke Dip for starters and it was delicious. Sizzling hot and a little more creamier than other spinach dips that I have had in the past, with chunks of artichoke hearts. I ordered the Bacon Avocado Burger for my entree' and my bf had the pull pork plate (I uploaded some pictures) both were pretty good. The only downside to the entire experience was that our waitress was kinda slow. She bought our drinks and didn't done back for awhile...it was like that through the entire meal actually. All in all I enjoyed myself and will definitely be coming back for seconds.
2	The food is not that great. The menu is not that great. The atmosphere is not that great. The service is slow when it is busy. The waitresses could be hotter.
5	My favorite place to watch the games. The wings and Tuna appetizer are awesome!
4	People seem to he hard on the food, but its a bar first! I care more about a strong Jack and ginger or a cold Amstel light than I do about the "selection" of bar food. Staff are cool- I enjoy watching games here and betting shots with the bartenders!
4	I went to Icehouse when they first opened last year and was not impressed. This weekend I decided to give them a second shot, and I am so glad I did. Their Cuban sandwich was absolutely amazing. I'll be going back time and time again for it. The chicken and black bean egg rolls are light on chicken, heavy on the beans and we loved them as well!
4	This past weekend I went to Icehouse for lunch. I have to say the service was right on point, but I was also sitting at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and made me a good Bloody Mary so no complaints about service or drinks from me. I started with the Slow Smoked Barbecue Chicken Nachos, they were amazing! I probably gained a few pounds after that appetizer, but it was worth it =) I also got the blackened tilapia sandwich and I have to say that I was a little disappointed. I love tilapia and even though tilapia is not the most flavorful fish, the blackened seasoning was barely there and the sandwich was bland, but on a positive note I loved the fries. This is for sure a good place to go watch a game, and have some drinks. I like the service and the atmosphere and I'm definitely going back for some more nachos.
5	Good food and very nice sports bar
3	Having lived in Charlotte all my life I've never been here.  Driven by it and gave it the "hey, that looks like a cool place".  Finally popped in on a nice Saturday afternoon and found the patio.  It was obviously the place to be.  Packed and a nice crowd having a good time.  My kind of place.  I was on a little time crunch and the wait staff responded perfectly with the timing of drinks and our lunches.  The interior, although we didn't get seated there, looked warm and inviting, spacious even.  The patio is a combination of tables and chairs with picnic tables and a large bar.
4	I had lunch here recently and was very pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. I ordered that Greek Chicken Sandwich and it was GREAT. Prices very reasonable and the patio is a great place to enjoy the outdoors.
4	Great spot for sports viewing.  Usually good about getting the game on you want to watch.  Best wings in Charlotte!
3	I want to preface my review by stating that I have never had a "regular" meal here. By "Regular," I mean that I haven't had a typical sit down lunch or dinner here. I have on the other hand been here a number of times for happy hour or for a late night drinks and apps with friends, or on the weekends to watch college football or pro football. I like the set up here. lots of tvs, modern bar, high tables. The beer selection is solid here. Not as many as Taco Mac, but definitely still good. And to be honest, my first few visits here I kind of stuck to basic appetizers, but later I tried sandwiches and tacos and really enjoyed them. I was pleasantly surprised by the food. I've always sat at the bar. The service at the bar is fine, not sure about the servers at the tables.Overall I'd recommend this place to hang out. Great place to catch a game, grab a drink and have some bar food too.
4	Great sports bar with good food and service at an average price. I will go here again for more soon.
3	I love the patio at Icehouse on a nice night. The beer selection is good. The menu is varied. On my first visit I had the shrimp tacos, served with black beans and saffron rice. On my second visit I split an order of wings - half hot chili garlic and honey bbq. I like smoked wings, and they were a good size, so I was happy. I also got the curry chicken salad in a wrap, which was pretty salty (and I'm a salt lover) so I was a bit disappointed there. The curry flavor was great, as well as the toasted almonds and raisins, it was just oversalted. Living nearby I'm sure we'll be back as the evenings get even more beautiful.
5	Best steak salad ever!!!!  Been searching for this and I found it!Amazing nachos as well! Service is alright, for sure don't go to be wowed by that :)
3	This is just your standard sports bar with lots of TV sets to watch multiple football games at once.Since I have been around the US I have a couple teams I watch on a Sunday. This place will have all the active games up. So someone like me can watch all the games at once without having to bounce from bar to bar and or channel to channel.As for the food... This place is really nothing special since it is just a sports bar.Oh yea.. The outside place is dog friendly.
3	A-OK is a good description for Icehouse.Patio: probably the best feature about this place. Complete with a bar and TVs... it's a great spot to grab a beer on a nice evening.Food: I've had a little bit of everything off the menu. It's all been just okay. One bright spot on the menu: the barbecue chicken nachos. Pretty tasty. If you're looking for a good snack and drinks, stop here and get them.Bar: wide beer selection that can fit any price range. Different specials every night.I love the space. Lots of TVs and a fun atmosphere to watch a game. Is it one of my go-to spots for sports? No. Do I like coming here? Absolutely. With so many options in Charlotte, it ranks in a mid level spot on my list.
2	I bought a Living Social coupon to try this place out. The actual structure is very nice. Cool side of town, but the food and beer, which is why we went, was less than stellar. Pretty expensive without the discounts. The beer list was nothing to call home about. I could have gotten every  beer at Harris Teeter. My "CAROLINA BURGER" was fine, not worth 9.99, that's for sure. Our waitress looked very bored and just did the minimum. I left a nice tip so she could cheer up for the rest of the night. But she definitely didn't earn it. No reason to return to this place, sorry to say.Side note: I know the economy is crap and most people are having a hard time. I want to help support local businesses, so when I go to a local business and see a 10$ hamburger, a 6$ bottle of beer and a staff that could care less if you're there or not. It makes me feel like staying home and not dealing with the aggravation.
3	After a talk thread involving ribs had the mention of Icehouse having good dry rub ribs (which is what I prefer), I decided to grab the bestie and go try it out.Located in SouthEnd, I knew where Icehouse was after spotting it while trying to find Big Ben's (lying GPS cow!).  On a Tuesday night around 5:30, it was, as expected, a pretty sparse crowd.  Upon leaving around 7:30, there weren't very many more folks there.  Pretty easy to turn into off of South Blvd, plenty of parking.Dark, sports bar.  Some tables about, lots of high top bar seating.  My hot date took the wooden chair and left me with the booth side of the table (s'why I love her so).  Lots of TV's.  There seemed to be 1, maybe 2 waitresses working.  Ours was pleasant, though we had to flag her down when things were needed.  Though we were chatting about some pretty serious stuff, so perhaps she was just giving us some space.The food:The appetizer was the BBQ Nachos ($12?):  Yes MA'AM!  These were deeeelicious.  Large tortilla chips that held up well to the weight of slow smoked bbq chicken (I swear to dog I thought we ordered pulled pork nachos - I must be losing my mind, or the online menu is wrong), queso (not semi-melted yellow cheese) and the typical nacho toppings, served with roasted salsa that was pretty darn good, and sour cream.  The two of us ate the entire plate - which was a big pile of food.  YUM!  4/5I ordered the 1/2 rack of dry ribs ($11):    They were decent.  Not the best I have ever had, but good enough.  The first rib I had, which was on the small end of the rack, tasted a little porky (I know, it's pork, but you know what I am talking about), but the flavor improved as I got towards what would be the center of the rack.  They were moist without being greasy, but the extra powdering of the rub, which seemed to come pre-service, was just weird.  I ended up with a face covered in rub-dust (oh, dear).  I had the pasta salad and cole slaw as sides.  Both were run-of-the-mill bar sides.  Tasty, but nothing that changed my life. 3/5Dessert was the Banana Bread Pudding ($6):  Go get this.  Now.  Two HUGE diagonal-cut slices of a dense bread pudding served with butter pecan ice cream, which was the perfect complement.  So sinful.  So good.  Slightly sweet, but not overwhelmingly so, the banana flavor came through.  Unless you are a competition eater or a giant, get this to share with someone, it is a lot.  4/5By the time I got home, I was in a food coma.  I would go back to Icehouse again and definitely get the BBQ Nachos and the Banana Bread Pudding.
4	Great Wings/NachosNow that we are a good ways into football season, I, like everyone else have two things I want to eat when watching these games. Wings and Nachos. I am giving Ice House a good review and rating on these two dishes for a few different reasons.I will start off with the wings.  What makes them stand out?  Well, they are not the little baby wings that you find at a lot of other places.  They are always served right off the grill when you get them,( Yes they are grilled) and since they are not deep fried, you can actually taste the flavor of the chicken.(Not just the sauce) Let's face it, when you can get something so common like wings everywhere it takes something special for them to stand out.As for the Nachos....... I got the pulled pork nachos, which I split with one other person.  The portion is large enough to suffice as a meal for two. Well, for must of us it is. The best thing about the portion size is that you are not having to dig through the chips to find all of the good stuff.  I know when I get nachos most of the time everything is dumped on top of the chips. So once you eat the salsa,peppers, olives, guac, and whatever else is on there, you wind up with about 2/3 of your chips by themselves.  At Ice House this is not the case.
3	The short review... Tons of TVs and crappy bar food. I'll echo other Yelpers and endorse the BBQ chicken nachos. Skip the burger... overpriced and underwhelming. Keep your expectations realistic and you'll be happy with Icehouse.
2	Food wasn't anything to rave over. Service was kinda horrible. I had the spicy tilapia tacos and the went overboard with the sriracha. My girlfriend had the chicken and black bean eggroll, let's just say it should of been called black bean eggroll.  Not sure if I'll be back here. I really had high hopes for this place.
5	Great patio. Perfect place to watch sports games. Food is good and variety on the menu. During football playoffs they put signs on the tvs of which games will be playing so you can sit accordingly. Busy place and staff does well handling the volume.
4	The food was good, the service was average. The real reason I am writing this review is because of the management. After eating there last night I looked over my bank statement and noticed an additional charge aside from what I paid for my meals and my drinks, and not it wasn't the tip. It was almost $50 that had been charged to my debit card of food and drink I did not order. Well obviously I was surprised and somewhat irritated, so I gave them a call. I asked to speak to a manager and held for no longer than three minutes while someone went to get him. Sean, the manager on duty, was extremely polite and efficient. He asked about the problem and immediately took action. He put the money back on my card and all was taken care of within minutes. He even told me to ask for him the next time I was in and he would give me an appetizer on the house. I was pleasantly surprised at how easily and quickly he resolved the issue and was impressed with his customer service. Kudos to Sean at Icehouse in the South End.
4	Love this place!
4	Icehouse is a solid lunch spot with lots of choices! I had the steak and blue cheese salad.. and I was disappointed that the steak was really chewy and yucky. The rest of the salad was great, but I would've preferred to pay an extra couple of bucks for some decent steak. Luckily the menu is HUGE with so many other great options. My friend had a burger which was great and my other friend had a delicious fish sandwich. There are alot of TVs if you want to watch sports. I will be back and try something new :)
3	Ice house is your standard sports bar.  This place sits in the old Southend Brewery which has moved to charleston.  Cheap drinks, tons of Tvs, and decent outdoor seating with a bar. The price is cheap and its a great place to watch sports.  Be weary though, the food and service is hit or miss.  I have had some of the best ribs of my life here and other times the food was below average. So if you want to come watch some sports are need a quick place to chill this isn't a bad look.
3	crab people.   crab people.   crab people.   crab people.   crab people.   crab people.   crab people.   crab people.
5	Great lunch place. The bartender was attentive,  waitress (Marg) was fantastic, and our order of chicken tenders was the best ever; the tuna achi was magnificent.  We'll definitely be back on our next visit to Charlotte.
3	Seems like a great place to stop in and watch the game and for that I'm sure my boyfriend will be back. The beer and drink selection is pretty good and relatively inexpensive but the food is nothing to write home about. I was really unimpressed with my tacos. My boyfriend got a salmon dish that had WAY too much salt in the sauce. It was almost inedible. I'm sure he'll be back for games, but he'll have to do some major convincing to get me to return -I'm not a big sports fan, after all. It does, however, lend itself well to bigger groups.
3	It was okay....nothing to write home about. I went on my lunch break and ordered the Philly cheese steak sandwich which lacked flavor.
5	The pork nachos are my favorite! The waitresses are very nice, the drinks are pretty good... Nice place to visit for dinner or to watch football.
3	The family and I had traveled to Charlotte to check out the Ikea (which was an adventure in itself), and following our visit we searched for a pet friendly restaurant to have a dinner.  One of the recommendations that had good reviews was the Icehouse South End.  We arrived to find a semi-busy location with an outdoor patio where you could keep pets and enjoy a meal or drink.  While the main idea of that statement was true... If you plan to dine on the patio, you need to be a smoker.  If you are not, then don't plan to visit unless there is a steady breeze.  Our family (including our two small dogs), spent the evening in a constant drift of second hand smoke.If that had been the only issue,  I probably would have taken the 'live and learn' mentality and not written this review... but the situation got worse.After waiting about 10 minutes to even be greeted,  we were told that it was a good thing we hadn't been taken care of yet because she ( our waitress Kandice) 'was the best'.   We were actually excited to have someone with such a positive attitude.  That attitude was short lived.  While we did get our drinks,  the first attempt wasn't correct.  Again,  maybe just a fluke situation.  We continued to review our menus to decide what to eat.  The selection is diverse and should offer most at least one or two dishes they would enjoy.  We placed our order (probably 15 minutes after being asked the first time).  Food came within another 15 minutes.  Food was 'good' but nothing Special.Kandice managed to check with us just after the other staff had delivered our meals to the table and finally fixed the first drink issues and refilled the others that had been depleted.  We didn't have her stop by again until at least 15 minutes after we had finished eating.  In fact my wife and youngest daughter had left the table to keep themselves and our dogs from suffering the smokers overflow any longer.  After finally dropping off our bill to the tables, again our waitress disappeared  for at least another 10 minutes, and only then to return to serve other customers at the outside bar.    I finally walked my bill up to the bar in person to finish the transaction.  While I can't state it as confirmed fact, it seemed she only had four tables and then two or three customers at the bar she was tag-teaming service with another staff member. She didn't have a load that most wait staff couldn't easily balance with better intervals of check-in / refresh.So other pet enthusiasts be aware,  while this establishment does permit the attendance of your pets on the patio; before you decide to try it out,  understand the potential situation you may encounter.  Here's to hoping our visit was the exception and not the rule.
4	Note**-This is a sports bar. Do not come here if you are expecting a great Surf & Turf special. With that said, THIS PLACE IS GREAT! There's nothing better than football Sundays. Throwing back cold beers..finger food...watching football...with good company.One of my favorite things about this place is that they show EVERY game that's on. It's up to you to find a good spot where you can follow the game/s of your choice. Being new to the area, I appreciate this very much.  I mistakenly wound up at a bar a few weeks ago to realize that they would ONLY show the Cleveland browns on the 25 TV's they had. I missed the entire first quarter of a NY Giants game by the time I found a place that would show the game. That will never be an issue here.They have an huge selection of beers on draft as well as bottle. Service is pretty good for what you would expect on a busy Sunday. The food is SOLID. You can't really ask for more out of a place like this -- Wings, nachos, burgers, wraps, they're all good for what the place is ( A sports bar). Again, I cantAfter trying numerous sports bars in the area, this will be my go-to from now on. It's conveniently located down South BLVD and right on the light rail. They have a great outdoor patio as well. If you have never been here before, make sure you stop by to check it out.
4	Good food. The hummus appetizer was fantastic. The GreekPizza was good yet a little salty. Maybe I'd remove the olives next time. Good service. The waitress was good. My specialty drinks weren't that fabulous. I had a margarita and it was too sour!! I will go back.
3	Great place to watch football.. This is a Gamecock bar. If u plan on watching the game show up early, this place fills up fast. Halftime corn hole is a must. Enjoy!
4	We aren't sports bar people, but we really enjoyed this place. Crazy good spicy tuna thingy I had. My 19-yr old son ordered some kind of gi-normous burger that had an egg on it and it was so impressive that a patron walking by had to stop and comment on it. I didn't think too much about their wings...I prefer Wing King in Fort Mill...but they were passable. We stopped in one day, starving, and found the entire place focused on the Carolina-Clemson game. Great atmosphere and we had a fun time, even though we are actually MN Gopher fans!
