4	I have a new second favorite corn dog!  (Hot Dog on a Stick is still my favorite, but with the closest location about 15 miles away, #2 will likely become my #1.)The menu consists of burgers, hot dogs, corn dogs, fries, and ice cream goodness.  There are a few kinks to work out as my trip through the drive-through took about 10 minutes, and there were only 2 cars ahead of me, but overall the service was very friendly.I thought this was an interesting location for Iceberg with a Sonic right across the parking lot, and the menus being so similar.  But I thought Iceberg was better than Sonic, so hopefully they'll do just fine here.
4	If you want a GIANT milkshare in a variety of flavors- this is the place to go. The food was cooked well and the staff was friendly. Next time I feel like cheating on my diet, this place is definitely an option.
2	I pull in the drive through and there was two cars in front of me. One waiting and one ordering. The car finishes their order and pulls ahead. I pull up in front of the speaker box. Silence. I wait a moment... "Excuse me?" No answer. I wait a couple minutes... "Hellooooo?" No answer. I wait a few more minutes. There i still two cars in front of me so I was unable to drive up to the window to see what's up. I look ahead and see that the drive through lane has enough room for a car to go to pass on to the side and leave, so I did just that! It was my first time there so I'm not sure if this long wait is normal but I was sitting there for almost 10 minutes with no greetings whatsoever. It would be a little different if I was greeted (maybe) and told to wait a moment but I was not. No response, whatsoever... that's poor service to me.I will attempt to come here again and if the service is better and the food is good, I will update my rating.
3	2/17/13 Update:I've changed my rating from 2 to 3 stars.The reason: the milkshake. Pretty darn delicious. The wife tried the pistachio and I went with the rocky road. This place makes a killer shake! As per my previous review from last week, the drive thru was still slower than you'd expect from a fast food place. Would I return for the food? Nope. Would I come back o a shake? You betcha!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Wasn't impressed with this place. I ordered a #1 (Hamburger) with onion rings. Nothing special. The burger with alright. Nothing I was like OMFG!!!! The onion rings I didn't care for and would never order again. They were extremely huge and thick (that's what she said) and were over battered. Another thing that I noticed was the drive thru service was slow. The kid gave me my food first, and then I had to wait close to a minute to get my drink. I didn't try the milk shake and am willing to go back and try it next time I'm in the mood for one.
1	Ordered three kids meals and two #1's.   Took 25 minutes and when I said something they told me there were only 4 people working during the lunch hour.   Avoid this place.   Food was ok.
1	It's strange how your memory of a place comes into play.  I hadn't been to the Mesa location (long since closed) in over 8 years.  So I decided to stop in tonight in Gilbert.Perhaps it was the lack of coordination being a new place, maybe my tastes have changed.  But I honestly enjoyed my daughter's Whopper Jr more than my entire $11 combo meal from Iceberg.  Yes, $11.  The 1/4 lb burger combo ($8.09) was $9.19 which included an up-charge of 30 cents for a regular sized (very large, 32oz or so) shake, plus an .80 up-charge for onion rings vs fries.The (mostly) unseasoned burger patty was tender, and the bread was fresh, but it just didn't have any taste appeal whatsoever.  As someone else mentioned, the rings were very, very thick such that I received exactly 4 in my order, although they weighed in around 8 oz worth of onion.  And these definitely needed some salt and/or pepper.  I finally got smart and dunked them in the "fry sauce" basically a smooth thousand island dressing -- at least that somewhat approximated the direction of a bloomin' onion from Outback.  The extra order of fries ($1.89) were those corn starch dunked regular cut fries that never have appealed to me.  For those, I used the off-brand ketchup that they serve prepackaged in Solo condiment cups with lids.Clearly, the best part was the shake.  Unfortunately for me, that came out within about 3 mins of placing my take-out order at the counter.  Then, after having inquired about my order, the grub finally came out 22 mins after ordering whilst the shake had melted.  I did ask if this was normal and was told, "no, definitely not."  I was rewarded with a coupon for a free shake.Will I use it?  Yes.  Will I order something different?  Probably not; but I might try the corn dog by itself.  If you go, give it a month or two to stabilize.  But there are much better burger choices around.
5	I don't know what the other reviewers were thinking - we heard about Iceberg from some friends and decided to try it because it was a family-owned small business.  Everything was delicious, it was a great value (we were so full!) and the ice cream was better than other similar places around.  Highly recommended and we will be back.
5	Great food! We ordered a cheeseburger combo with a shake in place of drink, and a couple grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids. The food was great! Cheeseburger was very flavorful and the fries were perfect with fry sauce! We ordered a "mini" shake which was anything but! All four of us shared one shake. I highly recommend Iceberg. Great food and fun atmosphere.
3	The flavor of the food is good and the onion rings are absolutely massive. My only criticism is that the fish strips are very small and consists mostly  fish was the fried part. Good flavor though. Friendly servers. Not the fastest drive thru. They we're out of my son's drink of choice. We will most likely give the place another shot.
2	The kids love the milkshakes...but the onions rings look much better then they taste. If I could have returned them for my money back I would have the tasted like burnt oil. they prices are a little high too.
4	I was driving by this place and checked yelp to see what it was, so glad I did! I saw the pics of soft serve and shakes and that's just what I was wanting so I went through the drive thru. This place has the best shake and soft serve I've had in a long time. I'm originally from Oregon it reminded of a place called Artic Circle before if went downhill. They even had fry sauce, which when I moved here I really missed places having! I got a kids meal for my child and a mini shake for myself, I think mini was a HUGE understatement because it was not mini by any means. I loved that the kids meal came with a cone as well. The corn dog was great and the fries are super crispy, the added bonus was the fry sauce. I was warned that corn dogs are made to order so it could be a minute wait but it wasn't bad at all. I will definitely be back!
3	I am only giving this establishment 3 stars because although it is good, it isn't what I would call a shake.  They advertise super thick shakes but it is pretty much ice cream in a cup.  They don't even give you a straw, just a spoon.  It didn't even beging to melt after a while.  So, if you like actual milkshakes this isn't the place for you.
3	My wife and I visited Iceberg Drive Inn for the first time and I did not love it.  We both ordered milk shakes and Iceberg offers "thick" milkshakes.  I did not realize that "thick" meant ice cream in a cup.  I commented to my wife that, when you serve a milk shake without a straw there is a fundamental problem.The "regular" milkshake that I ordered was gigantic and I would not have ordered one that large had I known it would not be a drink.  My wife ordered a "mini" and it came out the exact same size as my regular.  We clarified that they had given her a mini and they said that it was.  Her cup was red and mine was blue and her cup was about half-an-inch shorter than mine - but, like I said, her ice cream was as tall as mine so I felt like a chump for paying more.My chocolate milkshake didn't have much flavor.  I love chocolate milk and when I ordered the shake I was really looking forward to a good chocolaty shake, but it was really just cold with a hint of chocolate.Iceberg Drive Inn wasn't a bad experience, it just wasn't good enough for me to go back to.
3	Ridiculously large "mini" milkshake! It was really good though! And their prices seem pretty reasonable as well!
5	I love this place the shakes (ice cream) one large is enough for a whole family. I see a lot of bad reviews but i really enjoy it. now the service is really slow in the drive through but the food is really fresh and the shakes are amazing. so worth a few minutes. i really like the zucchini as a sub for fries.I noticed a lot of people put bad reviews because so teenager is going through puberty and gives them bad service. come on people really? can't you get the same crap service from any fast food chain?
2	I had high hopes for Iceberg - it seemed like a fun idea and I was looking forward to some yummy shakes. Regrettably, it was just not very good.The exterior is the corner of a small strip mall, the interior is elaborately 50s dineresque.We visited at around 9:30 or 10:00 on a weekend evening for shakes. There were NO other guests in the dining room and two employees at the register. We ordered, the employee was a typical teenaged fastfood employee - took our order but she didn't really make any other impression other than being very casual in her speech. We ordered shakes - I got the smaller size, my husband got the larger option. They took a looong time - probably 10+ minutes, which I thought was strange since there weren't orders in front of us. The "shakes" looked really odd when they came out - the shake stood up above the top of the cups. Although we'd ordered different sizes, there seemed to be the same amount of shake for both - the cups were just slightly different: super weird! In my opinion, a defining characteristic of a shake is that it is drinkable, through a straw. These were not... they were simply soft serve icecream that seemed to have been slightly mixed and then put into the cups. I got a chocolate peanut butter shake, which was chocolate soft serve mixed with a bit of peanut butter (like, Jif or something along those lines) My husband got chocolate, so it was just chocolate soft serve. The icecream itself wasn't flavorful at all, and wasn't even satisfyingly creamy. It was altogether disappointing and I don't recommend it, unfortunately.:(
4	Been back several times and I will say they have some pretty legit shakes. They are huge! I like the chocolate chip one. The banana split is yummy, too. I had the food once and was not impressed. Will not be doing that again. This rating is solely for their desserts as that's what I go back for now.
5	I am so excited to have an Iceberg here in Gilbert!!! I love love love their Lime Rickey's....if you haven't tried one your missing out. Their shakes are enormous and so thick and delicious. I thought the service was great and everyone was nice and friendly. It's refreshing to have that level of service in this type of establishment. I highly recommend trying this place out. It's definitely a place I will be frequenting. :)
1	Horrible.  Please don't waste a dime here.As Jessica P. states below, I also had very high hopes for Iceberg since I am a shake and frappe lover.The ice cream tasted fake and I took about 4 bites and was done.I don't see this place lasting for too long here.  There are too many other places within a half mile radius with better tasting shakes.
5	Personally I like this place!! I'm glad they are around, especially with their awesome shakes!! Service is great too! :)
1	WELL, I see all the below comments are ditto to mine.  1st time there and I can guarantee the last.  The food came cold and no taste whatsoever, the staff wasn't any different, that is if you can find them. "We waited almost4-5 minutes for someone to wait on us, and when they did rushed us like they had somewhere else to be" (oh did I mention there was 1 other table there) soooo yes it wasn't busy AT ALL.To bad in this busy location they won't last long either while their competition is.........across the street "Burger King" (not a much better example but a familiar name to all) ICEBERG even though it is a national chain "what kind of rookie name is that"...Oh yes did I mention Freddy's hamburgers only 1/4 of a mile (that's the one to beat) and no chance in that.NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL....
2	This place is terrible! Customer service is awful food isn't very good  and you pay $5 for cheap ice cream with a little bit of toppings inside. All the workers here seem to have an attitude and when I asked for something different because my shake was terrible the girl who they said was in charge said " Hmmm do I want to be nice?" DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE! It isn't worh it.
4	Your strawberry shake is to die for. Great thick and delicious.  I have taken my grand kids to eat here and they love it.  BUT you had better share the shakes because they are huge in size, and I bought the smallest size.....  thanks a great place to eat and sit down and relax. thanksOpps, I almost forgot to tell you about their onion rings. You have 1 whole onion in a serving !!1 They are the biggest onion rings that I have ever seen. Hummm good.The place was clean, the help was great. We WILL be back again, but be hungry. Thanks. Wendy
2	Just got milkshakes, so review is only for them. Other than them being HUGE, there really isn't anything good to say about them. They are actually kind of bad. I got the grasshopper and my husband got the chocolate. I do not think we will be back (unless every other ice cream place in a 15-mile radius goes out of business).You are better off heading elsewhere.
5	Great drive inn!!! LOVE the shakes here, except I can hear myself getting fatter as I eat them=(.
3	Food is good, but not great. Sloppy and messy, and fresh. I like the shakes, but they can lack flare -- find the one you like and stick with it! It's definitely worth a stop every month or two, whereas others in the area are worth it every week or two.
5	Love, love, love this place!!! AWESOME shakes, great food!! Fast and hot, staff is super friendly!! Anyone leaving a bad review here needs to go eat a bag of fish heads and shut there traps !!!!
5	Love their food and the service is even better! I was treated as if I was in a 5star restaurant with constant, "how are you doing?" and "would you like anything else?". My two favorite employees are Marcus and Luis who are always working hard and friendly when I visit for lunch. The chicken dinner is my all time favorite and I also love their fry sauce! Going to stay a weekly customer due to the food and customer service!! Not your regular fast food restaurant, beats in n out ANYDAY!!!
5	I haven't had a bed experience here! This is my go to place for ice cream comes for the kids and myself as it's actual soft serve not the gross type of ice cream you get from McDonalds. Their shakes are good but to me a shake can be drank with a straw and these aren't like that so I don't really go here when wanting a shake. The food has always been good and we love the corndogs, you have to wait a bit longer but it's so worth it as they are always fresh and hot! I also cannot get enough fry sauce with my food!
5	The owner was working the counter, and explained the menu to us; what a nice guy.  Great burgers, awesome fry sauce, ONION RINGS that are colossal, and the best shakes you'll ever encounter!  The place was spotless and the service was lightning fast, too!
5	Okay, enough already! I think many of these reviewers only know the runny, thin, preprocessed milkshakes you get at other fast food joints.First, my credentials: I grew up on Iceberg food in Salt Lake City. We used to go there for a burger and a shake on our way to a Friday night of cruising State St. In fact, the founder's wife was my high school Spanish teacher. Iceberg has been making these shakes for at least 40 years. You need to understand that in Utah, enjoying a big, thick milkshake is about the only "vice" many people have. I've lived in Chandler since 1999 and was thrilled to see this place opening up fairly close to my neighborhood.This is what a real milkshake is, people. Ice cream, milk and flavored syrup, mixed on a shake mixer, not some synthetic concoction made in a refrigerated piece of machinery. The food here is good, the milkshakes are incredible. The service has been hit and miss at times, but generally okay. Make sure you get the fry sauce with your fries or onion rings for the "authentic" Iceberg experience. For a real treat, order your burger topped with pastrami and you will know true flavor on a bun.
2	So....this place is in no way terrible...but also in no way is it great.The pluses:* The "mini" sized milkshake is the size of a bucket. I was anticipating a DQ sized mini blizzard. Not so my fellow ice cream lovers. You will NEED to share this with someone. Or face the consequences of gaining 12 pounds instantly.* Service was friendly.* They offer sweet potato fries.The minuses:* No vegetarian option. C'mon...no veggie burger?? They offer a kids grilled cheese.* The young man who took our order was...well, young and got distracted easily and confused about the menu items, which thoroughly confused me when ordering.* The restaurant was not well kept. The dining area looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in a day. We ended up lightly cleaning our own table before sitting down.* The bathrooms...well...not clean. Waste of washing my hands.Probably won't be back personally, but if the cons were rectified, could be an ok place for the High School crowd.
3	We love the shakes! Big selection of flavors. The food is good, too. My only complaint is ten minutes waiting at the drive through window, when I was the only car. My shakes came out right away, and melted in my car for the remaining nine minutes. I'd suggest making the shakes last. Since the shakes are large and the ice cream extends above the edge of the cup, I had a puddle on the carpet if my new car by the time I got home.
3	Iceberg makes a great shake!! The "Mini" is huge and the "Reg" is gargantuan both are shareable sizes. For those of us who originate from Utah, they have fry sauce and it's yummy! I wasn't a fan of the onion rings (batter wasn't my favorite and the rings are to large to enjoy,) but their fries are good. They make a decent cheese burger as well if you are hungry. Recommendations: "Mini" Oreo & Cheesecake shake & Fries w/fry sauce
2	The food is just ok and sooooo over priced.  The shake is good but again way too expensive for what you get.  I don't think this place will be in business for long because they are just too pricey for what you get!
4	Best shakes in the world. For the same price as a DQ Blizzard, you get more than twice the ice cream and it's better. Great environment for kids, too.
3	A decent "backyard" burger and some interesting options for sides make this place I could return to for my fast food fix.  The ordering is a little strange, since double burgers are not listed.  You have to order a regular burger and then add an extra patty. Regardless, the patties are generous and a double suited my man-sized appetite.  I also ordered the fries, (monster) onion rings, and spicy home-fry style potatoes.  The onion rings are pretty large and in-charge with a massive crunch.  Fry sauce that comes with the sides is tasty... similar to ketchup and mayo mixed.  Couldn't really detect any extra spices on the "home fries", but they were scarfable nonetheless.I'll be back to try the shakes, as it seems like this is what Icebergs is known for.And I'll probably pop in for another "iceburger" sometime. But, as we all know, this classic drive-in indulgence is best considered an "occasional" food, as not to completely decimate my girlish figure.
2	Ate here for the first time today. I love the decor but was very underwhelmed by the actual meal type food options.. This is more of a snack and shake place. The prices are very high and even with using coupons we got in the mail we spent $17 for 2 burgers, 1 soft drink 1 "mini" shake, 1 order of onion rings and 1 order of zucchini.My husband used a $2 off combo coupon on his order and I used a free onion ring with any shake couponThe Onion rings are enourmous..you get 4. They come with a tasty sauce which had I not had I would not have eaten the onion rings..The batter was bland and basically tasted like oil onions.. The zucchini was the same way. .. Fresh thick zucchini but bland batter.The burgers were decent, husband did his pastrami style and really liked that. We shared a chocolate almond joy shake. . It was supposed to be a mini but apparently they over made it and dropped the smaller cup into a large cup and filled it the rest of the way. . Unless that's how they make their shakes (cup inside a cup).. it was weird to eat half and then find another cup.  Melted very fast for a "thick" shake. . In fact was pretty liquid when we got it.Prob won't go back.
4	Good shakes and a great value for the money. They also have a yelp check in for free fries!
3	We stopped here for the first time and was actually surprised that the food was decent and the ice cream is good. Hubby said burger reminded him of a old drive in. Cooked well and cheese was melted just right. I am only giving them three stars due to the lack of cleanliness around the restaurant.  The management needs to play closer attention to the details around the restaurant such as garbage cans, window sills, bathrooms and tops of tables. Understanding I am a Territory Facilities Manager so I tune into this type of details, but have a expectation when at a place eating good.  Nothing was so impressive that will bring me back.
1	Totally disappointed!! Ordered the fresh strawberry shake & they used strawberry syrup. When we asked about it they told us - "oh sorry, we ran out".  The banana split had 1/2 of a banana, vanilla soft serve, chocolate & butterscotch syrup. Oh yeah, the were out of strawberries. Portions are huge but if the order accuracy sucks - what's the use? Stay away until they eliminate the bait & switch!
2	This is a place I do not enjoy paying. Their shakes are more like blizzards except with only one topping, it's a little pricey, the food itself is ok, and both times the staff here have been rude and tempermental. I got the wrong "shake" and asked the cashier about it but she just stared at me with this, "Are you really going to tell me I messed up?" face. I told her we got a cheesecake but it tasted weird like caramel. She looked at it then back at me and goes, "Uh, it isn't caramel." Looking basically disgusted she turned her back to me. Well it ended up being a butterscotch (we realized this once we got to the end and saw the syrup) but that whole experience was just irritating. The next time I gave this place a go another girl got mad at my dad for taking so long to decide. That did it. I won't be returning. The icecream is ok, but it is definatley not worth the workers' rudeness and impatience.
2	I re-visited this place in honor of my sister's dance recital (she insisted- I tried in vain to stop her) and the service did a flip-flop on me. Last time the workers were rude and snobbish. This time the workers were very friendly but horribly understaffed and slow. I feel bad commenting on how messy the floors and bathrooms were, because you could tell they were trying to do their best. But it still took almost 15 minutes for us to get our shakes, and they completely forgot about one table. Poor guys were running around like chickens with their heads chopped off. I just haven't really been impressed with this place.. shakes could be better and the food is stuff my high school has served. If you do go here, don't get the cheesecake flavored one. It will make you wonder what strange flavor they gave you.
2	Good Ice Cream... HORRIBLE Ambiance... (yes ambiance is a snooty word, but you get what I mean.)15 minutes of looking at the dirty windows, dirty floor, pretty much dirty everything in a dining room that was too arm while waiting for two ice cream treats.  Place wasn't busy.
5	This is a fantastic place for that summer night ice cream shake!  We love experimenting with the flavors to get a new experience every time, although there are certainly the fallback favorites.  It's handy to have a good food selection, too. If you're looking for fast-ish food that's a monster step up from sonic, with a dining room, this is a good choice.
4	I wanted to give a five star review but I can't make myself do it due to the speed of service. We did the drive thru and it took almost 15 minutes to get two meals and two shakes out to the car. The 4 stars was definitely for the food and ice cream. My wife found this place and recommended we try them out. The burgers tasted fresh and the grilled onions were delicious. The big kicker was the shakes. These things will change your world. If you love Bilzzards, you will never go back to that other place. Order a small because it took me three sittings to finish all of mine! We will definitely be back!
3	Average. Onion rings are huge...kids meal is a good deal choice of chicken strips, cheeseburger, corn dog, or grilled cheese. Fries a drink and ice cream cone for less the $4. #1 single cheese burger was good not a ton of flavor. Price is average. They do not have small shakes...they are very large. Overall average.
4	Shake, Shake, Shake!  Amazing shakes!!! Cute place. good lunch specials and kids meals. The staff is very friendly!  Give them a try!
5	Always a great experience when we come in!! Logan the manager is great!! Got us our food and drinks quickly and friendly!! This is our go to shake spot!!!!
4	This is a decent place. Ordered a mini shake and fries with fry sauce (use the yelp check-in offer for free fries!). The fry oil needed to be changed. The shake was delicious - the mini was very large (oh, the irony). Bathrooms weren't the cleanest, staff wasn't the friendliest. The shake was so yummy, though, that Iceberg gets four stars from me!
4	I love love love this place! Would eat here more often if it didn't throw me off my diet so badly lol. Not the healthiest treat. But delicious! Just had their summer shake flavor Cotton Candy. So delicious! The burgers are incredible. And my favorite fries you can get in fast food by far! So delicious. Fry sauce is a must! And it's truly a good bargain for the price. Some complain that it's pricey but you get the amount you pay for! I can rarely finish a meal! Great business wish them luck!
5	We are loyal Iceberg fans from SLC, UT.  The only negative comment I have is that occasionally they are sorely under staffed and the wait can be  10-15 minutes, but the shakes are well worth the wait.  Cindy, one of the managers is awesome!  We visit at least once a week if not more. Love it!
5	This place is great... Fun atmosphere,  great fast food and amazing shakes-more flavors then you can imagine.
1	Service is so slow here. we waited 25 minutes for our food. there was a lady there that had already ordered before got there and she didn't get her food until 20 minutes after recieving ours. This is the second and last time coming here. The shakes are good though.
3	Better off going during the Fall or Winter.The line is too long to wait.They only have two to three people working there at all times.NEED TO GET SOME MORE HELP IN THE SUMMER! The location is great with the pier being right there.The view is out of this world.This summer I was there 3 times and only that one day that it was windy and cloudy i was able to try your ice cream. It was good.
2	Like other commentators, the speed of service is horrid. If you see a long line already at the drive thru, I advise to keep on driving. The quality of the ice cream is very satisfactory, but it's hard enjoying it when poor customer service and speed of service are low. It was also disappointing to see them skimp on the amount of my ice cream despite having to wait an incredibly long time (not only because the huge Gilbert family in their Suburban in front of me took forever to order - which they did - but they argued at the drive thru attendant and spun out their tires as they left). For that, they only get two stars and my only visit back to them is if I'm the only person in the store.
4	Stopped here for a sweet treat and did not regret it! The ice cream was amazing. The staff was distracted by some friends in the store but were attentive enough...
2	Used to love this place...went here tonight and they are horribly understaffed. I know it's not the employees fault but it took about 10 min just to have someone come to the front to take our order. Out of 6 orders they messed up on 2. The employees were very friendly and apologetic,  but that doesn't make up for it. A lady at another table took her burger back up to the front because it was served raw. We have been here at least 5 times and unless things drastically change back to the way they used to be, we will not be returning. Buns were soggy...fries were over salty...and everything just seemed sloppy :(
3	This place is delicious but the main reason why I gave it 3 stars was the fact we waited over 20 minutes until our shakes and onion rings came.
1	This place is super dirty... So dirty that it smells. Staff (hate to say it) looked like they hadn't showered in at least a week. Plus, there was a GIANT cockroach on the ceiling. I was skeeved out. I couldn't wait to get out of there. My dirty diet coke is going straight to the trash.
4	Not too bad. The shakes are really great here.
1	This place is close to our house and that is the only reason we go there because their food is mediocre. burgers over cooked and have no flavor same with onion rings, custard is okay but what's with the shakes that are basically a giant cup of ice cream. Sundaes very basic and added toppings will cost you. Mostly kids working, nothing worth returning.
