4	Bazic Bar & Restoyaky serves up what I would call Korean bar food.  It's located on the second floor of the Pacific Asian Plaza.  They have a bunch of random Asian dishes that are meant to be shared with friends over a few drinks.  Their specialty though is their fried chicken deep fried in olive oil!  As a result, we had to try it!  We got the Leg and Thigh Special, 5 pieces for $7.95.  It came with a basic cabbage salad with Thousand Island-like dressing and a side order of pickled daikon.  The BF is the connoisseur on fried chicken and he thought it was pretty good.We also got the Sweet Rice Crust Soup with Seafood for $17.99.  It's good enough for about four people to have a small bowl each.  The waiter will come with a big bowl of about four to five rectangular pieces of rice crust.  And then he'll pour the thick soup (more like gravy than broth) onto the rice crust.  It's filled with octopus, calamari, and veggies.  Pretty tasty and the rice stays crispy because the soup is so thick.  (There's a Chinese version called sizzling rice soup, except that soup is more broth-like and the rice may not be in rectangles.)We didn't get any kind of bowl to grind our own sesame seeds like lena d. or Mike C., so maybe that's only if you order the katsu, which we didn't.  And we also came for dinner which I think is a different experience too.I'd definitely want to return to try out their other Korean goodies, but I would prefer going with a larger group so you can order more stuff.  Their portions are meant to share, so it's hard when it's only the two of you.The artwork in the bathrooms makes for interesting conversation (especially the men's room) and there's also a Luxury Music Studio in the back.  (Is that for karaoke?)  There's also a little bell to buzz from your table should you need the staff, that way you don't have to wave them down or go looking for them yourself.Then swing by next door to Dessert Avenue to have some Fried Ice!  Yum!Overall, 3.5 stars.
4	It's not really my type of scene, but hey, the food is good.  Drinks have a reasonable price.  The place is clean, and the karaoke is also.  The employees are friendly in this area.  It's not too bad of a place to just lounge around.
4	Came here for the norebang after a heavy night of drinking.  Ordered up some soju and beer (which they serve in a tall cylinder with a spout on the bottom to pour yourself).  The room was clean & the sound system was decent.  The song selections sucked though, didn't even have the ones you'd expect.  The food was really good though (chigaes, dukbokki, fried chicken, etc.)....guess that makes sense since this is attached to a restaurant.  Maybe I'll come back and hit up the restaurant next time I'm in town.
3	All I have to say is Fried Chicken!  So 'effin good.The butter & cheese corn.  How could that be bad?!The beer was too warm, but tasty otherwise.Atmosphere was decent.  I'd go back...
3	I came here with a friend to try the Fried Chicken and I would have to say that it is pretty spectacular! The olive oil really does give it a different flavor, very light on the taste buds. The restaurant is "family style" so make sure you don't go alone because the portion sizes were enough to serve two or three people.
4	What a wicked place! The style inside is very boutique. :)The food was good and different. I went during the day and it wasn't busy. The waitress i had was nice. I had a bowl of rice with chicken. Very good. Also they had green tea ice cream__ which actually.. was really really good. and she gave it to us on the house! A very unique and great place!
4	Im only writing that its a 4 because z2 before they remodeled was a much better place than bazic, but now its prolly my favorite place to go drink.  Its a korean owned and managed, know most of the people there and usually go there to drink on the weekends.  Their fried chicken and beer is what they are know for, prices are usually the same as any korean bar in spring mountain area.  Theres karaoke in the back rooms as well, servers are pretty cool, you should try it out now that z2 remodeled, and because whale island is packed with just koreans, and i think most of you will feel awkward.
3	No longer open for lunch.
4	Its Monday evening around 9pm and I get a call. I've just gotten home from work and changing out of my work uniform. I get a call from these chicks that I work with and they are going out drinking. Drinking? On a Monday night?! Freak! Apparently, its their "Friday" since they have Tuesdays/Wednesdays off. Sure I answered. I don't start work until noon the next day... So it should be fun.They chose Bazic, which I have seen many times before but never eaten, so I had no complaints. One of the chicks is Korean so she will know what to order... And they've been there many times before... I arrive there around 10:15ish and the place is pretty crowded. Not standing room only crowded but most of the tables were full. The Korean chick asks if I like beer, and I tell her that I'm not a big fan (due to an incident when I was younger) but will drink hard liquor if we order it. Whats cool is that they have this large beer tube (google it) if you like a lot of beer. Instead of the beer tube, we just ordered a 40 oz bottle of Hite, which is Korean beer. I've never had this beer before and was pleasantly surprised how clean it tasted. There was absolutely no after taste. Leo likes it! The Korean chick also ordered food for the table and the rest of us just went with it.We ordered the sliced pigs feet, spicy raw squid, spicy ramen noodles, udon noodles, and two more bottles of Hite beer. The food was amazingly good. To be honest, I personally wouldn't of ordered these dishes if I was ordering, but I'm thankful that the Korean chick knew what she wanted and knew what was good.Overall we had a good time of eating, drinking, laughing, and drinking... Haha. They actually have Karaoke rooms in the back which you can rent out to get your jam on. Unfortunately, we didnt get a chance to put on a show. Darn. Maybe next time. Would I come back? Definitely.
3	Bazic has really, really good fried chicken. The olive oil does make a difference. There are other items on the menu, but I only have tried the fried rice and it was tasty, but it is not for everyone (There is a very distinct after taste - maybe garlic. I can't really put my finger on it.). I see myself coming back to try other items off the menu but it would probably be during a time when the prices are cheaper, like during happy hour. Random side-note: There is a doorbell on the table that is used to get the attention of a waiter. (I've only seen this at a couple restaurants.) Also, when you go, you have to check out the bathrooms. There is some pretty crazy, cool artwork.
4	It only took me one visit at Bazic and I never went back because of how pricey the wings were.  However, I will forever remember their chicken wings! It was crispy, crunchy, fried with olive oil and damn good! I thought they closed down but surprisingly they are still open under new management.  They brought the old chef back so the crispy grilled wings and bbq soy marinade are still being served and in their new special menu with lower prices.Because this is a Korean owned spot, they do serve kimchi and other vegetable dishes on the side with your order, which is added bonus!
4	Met up there tonight for the Late Night UYE, while I got there a little after everyone, I have to say I was quite impressed with the place.I went to college in a small town in kansas, the small town didn't have much, but it did have 4 amazing chicken restaurants, 2 of them have been featured on the Travel Channel, so it's safe to say, I've eaten some damn good chicken in my day.I have been on a BBQ quest in town this year, but I am always looking for a good piece of chicken, so far Church's was still winning, but today it took a back seat, and I have to say I was shocked that Bazic was the place that is now the leader in my Chicken Quest.I know....I'm saying the best fried chicken in vegas, is in a place in the middle of chinatown, and no I'm not smoking crack...the chicken is that good.Granted it may take a while for them to serve it, (I worked in a deli in college, good fresh fried chicken should take atleast 10mins), but it's worth the wait, and the fact that you can get 10 pieces of chicken and a 32oz beer for $16 is an added bonus.The chicken comes out hot from the fryer, the meat is moist and juicy, and the breading is crispy and well seasoned. I also was able to try some of their "Pure" chicken (boneless chicken bites) that were tasty, and the fruit and other desserts were pretty good.They were having an issue with their POS and credit card systems, it was bad timing their part as it may have upset a few yelpers, but the chicken more than made up for it in my books.My only complaint is that the beers are a little costly, I mean come on 11.50 for a 32oz beer, is a but steep, yet you can get one and 10pcs of chicken for $16 (still not sure how that math works out). Plus the place is worth a trip just to check out the bathrooms!!!I know I'll be where I will be going whenever I'm hankering some Chicken and Beer, who would have ever known that the place would be in the middle of ChinatownThanks Yelpers for introducing me to this place
2	We had a Late Night UYE with my Yelpies.Yelpalicious Dish we kept hearing about is the fried chicken so of course that was my priority. They were doing a promo special of $16 gets you 10pc chicken and a 1000cc(big ass mug, probably a liter) of draft beer so almost everyone grabbed that.  Winner, winner, chicken dinner! It was lightly battered, crisp and came out piping hot. It wasn't very greasy like most joints so that was definitely a plus. They serve the order of chicken with small banchans of sweet picked daikon radish, cabbage kimchee (we had 4 orders at our table of the special and only 2 got kimchee?), and a "slaw" of thin cabbage with a thousand island-esque dressing.  I shared one of these with my buddy Nins and needless to say we gobbled it up and I know that bitch was eying the last piece hoping I'd say I didn't want more! LOL  All went very well with it, but I was talking with Nins and seem to agree that maybe we should have gotten a side of something (Rice! Yeah I'm totally "Filipino" in this sense!)  or some sauce to break up the dense chicken flavor in my mouth. Again, we gobbled so lack of sauce or another side didn't stop us from enjoying though it could be even better. Will ask for sauce and rice next time. Definitely, some of the better fried chicken offerings in Vegas and I do love me some fried chicken. Other than the chicken, there are a few rice and noodle dishes and plenty of snack plates. There are some oddities on the menu like snails so if you like the bizarre to be your late night eats then this place is worth exploring. There are more traditional items than their are "friendlies" (bulgogi, fried rice, etc) and I like that they keep it real like that. Now here likes the rub....Some people were ready to go so he brought out all the bills even though some people were still noshing. It was taking so long that people were wondering what's the hold up in bringing back all our checks.  Later we found out card machines were down....if maybe some of us were told earlier some people could have mustered cash and gone on their way or at the very least let people know what's the situation to keep people patient. Also some of our late comers ordered food and was first sitting on a separate table, as other people left we moved their empty plates to their original table to make room for them to sit with the leftover group. Because of the empty plates on their original table, they didn't get food since they thought they already got food and ate it. Err...well the order was put in so something should have came out so where did their chicken go? The server though was very apologetic about everything and tried very hard to make things right. Even made some fries and taters while our compadres waited on their forgotten chicken order. My chicken was a 4, the service was attentive in serving/checking in and tried very hard so even though there was some major in house mistakes that normally would be a no go, I can appreciate a place that tries their hardest to make it right. No one is perfect and sometimes there is just an off night. I know they are under new management and I am not quite sure how recently that happen so they very well can be still smoothing out the kinks.  I had trouble figuring out what star rating to give it, but after some thought I think 3 is fair. It was an OK night based on what went on. Still, I think this place is a interesting environment (please look at he bathrooms and make sure to READ the song lyrics/ text on them- hilarious and very random song choice are meshed into the art!) and has some adventurous plates that are a must do very soon as well as a solid "Bazic" with their fried chicken goodness (now if only they had waffles I would DIE). I will be back soon with the BF since he would like to try the chicken, but after much thought...I'm going to do this CASH only and wait a while. For now, I think the Yelper crew is chicken to try this out again. UPDATE- So I didn't know part of the story of the credit cards when I wrote my original review and that alone makes me bump it down another star. To not communicate with all us that the cards are down and then proceed to write everyones credit card numbers to do it later is very unprofessional even if the intentions weren't shady. Sorry, but even though that didn't happen to my card these are all the people I am with. Now I understand why Matthew C wanted to burn the place. I also forgot that one Yelper went off with their card thinking it was paid for and left and later we were told he hasn't paid. Angela had to call him to figure out if they were pulling something sneaky on us. It was very weird that now they were able to swipe Angelas card just fine to pay for Joe's bill when a few minutes ago it wasn't working for the other Yelpers. Whatever was going on, it wasn't handled/communicated well and that's the bottom line.
3	I managed to crash a Vegas UYE while in town.  As happens quite often the company of Yelpers made the experience better than what it might have been.While this is basically a Korean place with a full menu the star attraction seems to be the fried chicken with a liter of beer for $16.  So Angela H and I shared one order and it was more than enough for us.  It was pretty good chicken and it is hard to screw up a Newcastle.  It came with a side of cole slaw and some pickled radishes.  Our serving did not come with the Kimchee that two of the other servings did.  They must buy their chickens from the same place KFC does as not all the parts were recognizable as normal parts.The service during the time I was there was pretty good.  The fiasco with the credit cards was just starting as I left with Bobby being told his card was no good.  Being a merchant I fully understand machines and networks can go down.  If you are up front and open about it writing all the info down is a perfectly acceptable way to handle it and I don't know anybody any more that cannot go online the next day to verify they were charged the expected amount.  From the sounds of it the way it was handled was sorely lacking in the communication department.  Because it didn't happen to me I did not down grade my review but if I lived in the area I might not be inclined to go back too soon.
3	2 reasons to visit Bazic1) Pretty decent specials. 10 pieces of chick and a giant beer for $16. Perfect to get a buzz and have left overs.2) The bathrooms have killer murals. If you're in the girls room, paintings of dudes. In the mens room, paintings of chicks (not baby chickens). Just don't get caught taking pics of the wall when you're in the guys room. No matter how you try to explain it, you were caught taking pictures in the men's room.If you do visit, take cash and count your change. I gave the server $40 for a $21 bill and got back $9 dollars in change.
2	Meh. Another UYE attendee here. I'm being generous and giving 2 stars, but you can pretty much take this place off the menu. I had the "Pure Chicken" in Deri-Q, which was essentially fried chicken nuggets in a teriyaki'ish sauce. They were decent, and while the cost was $9 or $10, at least they gave me a basket full. Unfortunately, that's where the up-sides ended. Service was lame to say the least. The menu wasn't particularly attractive in any way, neither was the atmosphere. Plus a 20 minute travesty at the end because their CC machine didn't work - and they pretty much treated it like it was the patrons' fault!The only reason I erred on the generous side with 2 stars is because at least, toward the end of the CC debacle, they had the wherewithal to bring us some free fruit desert plates. It was much too little much too late, but a shred of common sense is better than none at all. I tried to convince some of my friends to go check this place out with me, now I'm glad I didn't.edit: ugh, wasted my 50th review on this place.
3	Probably the closest thing to Bonchon or Kyochon in KTown, L.A. that I have seen in Las Vegas.  They always have that lovely 10pc Fried Chicken and 1000cc (2.1 pints).  I can only give you a review on the chicken seeing as after a few of those 1000cc beers I wasn't paying attention to anything else on the menu.  All I ate was the chicken.The regular fried chicken is good, crispy and juicy.  The Garlic Soy Chicken is pretty good, not the same as the Korea Town chicken places previously noted, but close.  Open late is a bonus.
5	Sometimes you need a K-Town fix while in Vegas.  Their fried chicken and beer combos are the good Korean classics.  Good stuff!
5	came here a couple of weeks ago when i was visiting vegas, the chicken is to die for and the service was great!!
4	I'd like to meet the person who decorated the men's room...Pure drinking establishment With lots of drinking. Fried chicken is flaky and juicy on the inside. Not sure if it was the frying but the wings and drumlets looked huge.Kimchi tofu and kimchi rice were REALLY good especially the kimchi tofu. Who knew stir frying kimchi and serving it warm would taste so friggin good.Now the booze. Flavored sojus were large in size and were quite tasty. The beers...Where to start with the beers...640ml bottles of korean beer (Cass & Hite) were 7 dollars i think. I prefer OB but given the choices Hite is more to my liking. They also had japanese Asahi as well as an American Sam Adams. The best bang for your buck has to be the 5000cc super big dispenser thing that comes with free 5 piece of chicken. All and All quite a nice establishment for chicken and beer. For those who want to try out the chicken it's best to come early before the party crowd show up so it's a bit less rowdy.
3	All this talk about fried chicken at Bazic had had me curious for quite a while.  They were supposed to have awesome chicken, but then they closed.  But then they re-opened!  Sadly, I finally made my way down here and ended up disappointed.  The chicken was made out to be their star dish, but it didn't deliver.  I had a regular version and a slightly spicy version, and both were covered in a thick breading that housed some flavorless chicken.  Portions are big, but the chicken...where did all the flavor of the chicken go?  I've had better chicken at KFC before!Other dishes were ordered within my party but I only tried the chicken.  Based on that alone I'm not sure if I will be coming back though.
5	The best Korean bar I've been to. And I'm from Hawaii...there are a million bajillion K-bars in Hawaii.This place has fried chicken the size of a grown man's fists. I have no clue where they get their drumsticks. An order has 5 pieces and my friend and I were like, "wow, how are we gonna finish that?"My favorite is their orange chicken. Same size as their fried chicken but, with a spicy orange chicken taste. Imagine Panda Express' orange chicken but, when you eat it your lips burn from the spiciness of it. YUM! (I dream of it sometimes..it's that good!)They had endless flavors of soju - lychee, strawberry, yogurt. The bottle sizes are RIDICULOUSLY huge and cost only $11. My favorite is the lychee!They also have those "yardsticks" or whatever that hold beer like the one's from Yardhouse. But, they are bigger than the one's at Yardhouse.If you're done eating they, also, have karaoke rooms in the back. They are open til 4a.m =)
4	Great off the strip Korean bar and karaoke place. Decently priced and awesome wings. The wings were perfect: lots of meat, moist on the inside and so deliciously crisp and flavorful on the inside. If you're a wing lover def worth checking this place out. I also got the house wine which was a Robert Mondavi select cab. Surprisingly good and waitress filled it to the rim; always a plus to get a heavy pour of drinkable wine.
5	great service, love the chicken and beer!
4	Cool, little Korean spot off the strip.  Their prices are reasonable and their service is fantastic.  If you're tired of the same boring places on the strip, then you should get your ass over here for some cold beer and delicious fried chicken!
5	I'm a local, and this is by far my favorite hang out place in Las Vegas. Best Chicken this side of the Mississippi, plus great service, ambiance, complete with private Karaoke rooms too. My friends and I love this place. To give you and idea of how good the service is. I accidently dropped a chopstick while I was eating and before I popped my head back up there was a set of new chopsticks on the table. That's ridiculously good service. Plus you can order massive quantities of beer, full bar, and the waitresses are wearing school girl uniforms. If you haven't been here yet. Then I highly recommend you check this place out. I'm starting to get hungry just writing this. Got to get back to the Bazics: Girls, Beer, Chicken, Karoke.
5	what can i say about bazic?  it's like a korean bar on steroids taking xanax while pounding soju.their take on korean pub cuisine puts NYC ktown bars to shame. i wouldn't mind having a coronary if i could eat their crazy fried chicken every day.i'll never forget my experience at this spot, or the day after. vegas baby!
5	I love this place, I come here every time I'm in Vegas.  Great food, great beer, cool vibe....  Just my type of place.  The chicken wings are a must, obviously, but make sure you try the donkatsu (pork cutlet) and the rolled egg thing as well.
5	Great food, great company@ a great price.
3	I am a huge fan of Korean style fried chicken. There is something about how crisp the outside is, moist the meat is, and the yang nyeom sauce is a nice balance of sweet and spicy. Bazic meets all of the standards, but was over priced. Looking at the menu, I was shocked to see how expensive everything was. It cost ten dollars for ten pieces of wings with a side of the yang nyeom sauce. My group also got the Bazic combo number eight. It was fishcake soup, an omelet, pork hock (thinly sliced pigs feet), and warm kimchi and tofu. This plate was not bad and was good enough to feed three of us. For twenty dollars this was one of the more reasonably priced items. Everything else you can go to a place that is not centered around a bar for a fraction of the price.The pros- the chicken wings are crisp and the sweet and spicy sauce is delicious. The cons- the food does not match the price that you are going to pay.
4	Went here with a group of friends for the karaoke and i liked it a lot.  Service was great and we had a big container of beer.  Song selection seemed pretty wide, though this was a first time doing karaoke.  I think i'll take my friends here soon to do some karaoke again.  Great first impression.
4	The first thing you need to consider is the fact that you're not in K-Town (as in LA's K-Town) so we need to look at this place through the Las Vegas lens.  Let's look at three things: food, drinks, and ambiance.  The food is very good.  Authentic dishes combined with some newer fusion items.  I was here with some Korean friends from LA and they were pretty satisfied with the food.  I would suggest the fried chicken, it's different from what you would normally get at a K-Town restaurant, but plenty good!  Also the chicken gizzard is a must!The drinks.  We went there for diner, but what diner would be complete without some soju?!  The bottles are very reasonably priced.  I can't say much more about the rest of their bar though.  The ambiance was also definitely on the good side of average.  We got their relatively earlier but the feel of the place made you forget you were in a 100+ degree desert.  They did a good job of instilling a sense of true Korean-American restaurant/bar environment. Overall, if you're in the mood for some Korean food, and you don't feel like stinking of bbq the rest of the night (not that that would be a bad thing) then this is the spot to go!  It's in Chinatown so you're still close to everything else you would want to do in town.
2	I don't like karaoke bars...period! But this bar has a full menu and bar...which was appealing at first. However, when I sat down and ordered a Manhattan, the waitress looked at me like I was an idiot. Seriously, a Manhattan? Ended up having a tower of beer (which I never do)...but for those of you into that, yes you can order a 5L tower of beer. I had the Boston Lager, which is a solid Sam Adams beer...but 5L between three people means you are drinking a lot of beer, and honestly I like variety if I am going to pound the brewskies.The bathrooms were...interesting. I am not sure what the women's room looked like, but there were naked cartoon girls in the men's room. I guess this means no children allowed.The location off the strip means there are fewer tourists to deal with...which is great. However, I wouldn't visit this establishment again unless I was dragged there...oh, like i was this time!
4	Whenever I think of karaoke, I think of Bazic.  Yes, it's first on my consideration set for those of you familiar with marketing vernacular.  Bazic is probably one of the few karaoke bars I can stand in Las Vegas.  After being dragged to almost every single karaoke venue in town by my friends, the number of mediocre to just plain awful karaoke rooms I've been to has been mind-blowing.  Fortunately, Bazic has six rooms with flat screen TVs, great sound systems, and a good variety of songs.  It almost makes a three-hour karaoke session tolerable.For those of you who don't give a booty for karaoke, Bazic has some great food as well. During the last few years I've been to Bazic, I only recently tried their food.  I knew for a fact that the fried chicken was their famous dish, but I wanted to try something different.  I looked at their selections and ordered the squid salad instead.  It was actually very good, and tasted almost exactly how it does back at the homeland.  I would say the fried chicken is a "safe" order, but if you want to try something a little more experiential, ask the waitress for a recommendation.  My classmate asked about the seafood pancake, the waitress informed her, and she really enjoyed it.I know Bazic is famous for their fried chicken, but I think there's other great dishes that flies under the radar.  There's some great bar food available on their menu that you can find rarely outside of Korea, at least in the same style and setting.  The full order of the squid salad is perfect for sharing with friends while enjoying a nice beer.  If you ever decide to go, don't lean too much on the fried chicken.  Try a new dish! You may like it.
2	Sounds like someone strangling a chicken back there!Oh, don't worry, I don't think their fried chicken is THAT fresh, it's just me singing karaoke in one of the back rooms.  Yes, I openly acknowledge that my singing sucks and has been compared to a menagerie of croaking critters and not just fowl (ha, ha...ok, bad joke).  This review is ONLY for the karaoke rooms and drinks, NOT the food.  With that in mind, let me say I'm thoroughly disappointed in this place.  I love the vibe and setup of the rooms.  Two flat screen tvs, pretty sweet system setup and comfy sofas just make the space really inviting.  However, on two separate visits, the sound just wasn't right: the first time we had trouble with one of the mics and the second time the echo was on overdrive.  Both times we asked for help and both times were told there's nothing that could be done.  Really?  This is a business, right?  Unless I'm mistaken, businesses usually try to please their customers.  They really need to have someone on site that can tweak these little problems before a customer tries to do it and breaks the whole system.  The drink menu is well-sized, with a nice selection of mixed drinks and beers.  While they didn't have some of the alcohol or mixers that I'm used to ordering, the soju options made up for it...at least I tried something new, eh?  Unfortunately, unless I can be assured that the minor problems with the sound systems are fixed, I can't say that I will be back to try something else new.  At least that will give me some time to work on my pipes so people won't think the livestock is being killed off in back.
4	i love BBQ Chicken in California and was excited to see the logo in vegas.  It was quite interesting,  they serve the BBQ Chicken here, but its not BBQ Chicken the restaurant.  It's a cool little korean bar/ bar food type of place.cool place to chill
3	I was also duped by the BBQ Chicken logo....it's the same logo used by the BBQ Korean Fried Chicken place in Irvine, CA.  Not the Korean fried chicken I was hoping for but the chicken skin is as crispy as it's going to get in Vegas and the meat is moist.  I've been spoiled by Bon Chon and UFC on the east coast....so it doesn't quite compare, but it will meet my chicken cravings until I can escape to another city.  They have two flavors of their fried chicken...the spicy sauce version and the regular fried chicken.  Obviously the spicy sauce makes the skin a little less crisp...so I would say go with the original.  The rest of the korean food is pretty typical (Korean seafood pancake, spicy rice rolls, etc).  So in terms of fried chicken, good for Vegas...not so good if you're coming from Cali or east coast.
4	I don't eat here often, but I go here a lot to use their private karaoke rooms. I love to karaoke, it can be a really fun and cheap thing to do with your friends. Bazic is my go to spot when I need a private karaoke rooms. The service is usually pretty good. Each room has a little button that you press and the waitress comes in pretty quickly and takes care of what you need. Their songs are pretty up to date too. Every time I go, I find a lot of the popular hits on the radio. I've had a couple of their dishes. Their clam soup, fried chicken, and cheese & corn. All three are decent enough, that I keep ordering them if I'm hungry while karaokeing, except for the cheese and corn. I just got introduced to that last time I was there. VERY DELICIOUS. Great food if you're drinking !!
3	Food's pricey & the men's bathroom is run down (the paper towel dispenser fell off the wall).  I like their fried chicken but my buddy wasn't impressed.  Don't bother with the shrimp fried rice which has the shrimp the size of krill.At least the waitresses are friendly & your table having a buzzer button to call for a waitress is handy.
3	If you long for the days of music done on a Casio and really like rocking out to Slayer, CCR, Radiohead, KORN, and a slathering of other random mixes this place is for you. If you hope to learn proper words to songs via the karaoke prompts, get annoyed by random mismatched Asian videos playing behind your rendition of Simon and Garfunkel's "Sound of Silence", this place is not for you. What this place provided was a smoke free, belly busing laughing good time after a giant dinner on my 40th birthday. It is a place that was recommended by the hotel's concierge and though we had nothing to eat, they did provide a menu and a few of us ordered cocktails and beer. No Kirin (this is a Korean not Japanese establishment) but they did have Sapporo. The jokes were flying, the music was awful but we had a great time and I might do something like this again but now I know what to and what not to expect. Fairly cheap entertainment and thankfully, some of my girlfriends and I were able to bust out some old rap songs we remembered from the 80's and could sing acapella so we could get away from the Casio beats.
2	As the stars state.. I've had better. Much better. I know Bazic is also about karaoke and whatnot but the food has to have some semblance of 'good' as it is a restaurant as well ...this was not the case on my recent and most likely last visit. We ordered fried chicken wings, sauteed gizzards and bulgogi. The chicken wings were good enough, fried and battered, ok sauce. Crispy and I can see why people always say how awesome it is. Not overcooked, not over-battered.. just right. Basic, if you will. The gizzards -  were not good. I have grown up with a style or two of gizzard dishes ..and these were simply over cooked and not flavorful. Dry and seasoned sooo spicy that it wasn't enjoyable. I love spice, Korean spiced food and peppers in my food. These were not good at all. It was just little pieces of meat overcooked and overly seasoned to the point of nearly inedible. As for the Bulgogi.. Ok Bulgogi is marinated meats, beef usually in my experience.. and often has a nice flavorful finish of sesame and a bit of black pepper. It's usually a crowd-pleas'r. Good  and flavorful, marinated and then grilled is usually the setup.  This particular version we had was waaay over cooked and dry. Its supposed to be marinated beef, and it was really bland and dry. Never again. When we mentioned it to the server, she said it looked over-cooked.. though she was the one that brought it to the table. The saving element was the beer. Good cold beer, even in Winter is a good thing.So It's a shame, because I had heard so many thing that were good about this place. Maybe next time, maybe if I am brought there for the chicken and singing only :) Happy Eating!
4	Happen to be visiting Vegas? Looking for a good place to eat off the strip?Craving some awesome fried chicken?How about Korean food, but don't want to smell like KBBQ after an awesome meal?Bazic is thee place to go!I've been here a few times back when I used to go to Vegas every month back in the day.  They're known for their fried chicken. It's pretty good - beats KFC or any fast food place with fried chicken!  They also have a karaoke room which is convenient for those who are into it.  From what I can recall, service was always good, the staff were always friendly/chill. I recommend this place to anyone who happens to be in town. :)I'd like to go back and see if anything's changed :p
5	I went there with my cousin and friends for some great chicken and drinks. There service was pretty good, but they seemed short on staff. There werent many customers there so it was pretty quiet despite the huge TV at the front. We were more into watching the Korean music awards than talking! It was fun and their food was nice and fresh. Oh... they deep fry spaghetti noodles and serve them in flukes,... at first we were hesitant to eat them thinking they were garnish... but they rolled the sticks in sugar and it made a pretty good "anju"
4	Vegas Yelp UYE Karaoke Extravaganza!SITREPWhat a good time it was at Bazic Bar & Restroyaky.  After the wonderful Fremont Street Experience, we knew there would be some Yelping madness we would want to engage in after Midnight.   But after that crazy fantastic time, we indeed wondered if we would have any "juice" left to manage this task as we planned to attack the early morning (Midnight - 3AM) with renewed vigor!!SETUPOrganized by our very own Seattle Yelper Clover A., this proved to be a good location to have a "meet-up" with Yelpers from different cities.  [First we had to get there!  LIMO RIDE:  While at Fremont Street Experience, we went by the Golden Nugget, and there was a bored limo driver who looked at our crazy group and decided then and there that he wanted to be part of our madness.  We had to get to Bazic QUICK for set-up, and so we negotiated with him, and he shot us over to our Korean Karaoke Bar destination in no time.]BAZIC ROOMSIf you are familiar with the Rock Box in Seattle or Rurulala in Sacramento, it is a very similar set-up.  Big rooms.  Nice physical plant layout of couches and sectionals.  Good serviceable equipment.  It had the potential to be Karaoke at it's very best.  KARAOKE BOOKS & EQUIPMENTHowever, the books were JUST in Korean!  There were some English-language inserted pages, but that was an obvious afterthought.  In addition, we were somewhat limited in our selections it would have appeared, but we did manage (for the most part) with those selection of English-language songs in the narrow band of yellow and green pages.  And then there was the tech itself - such as the controls - which was all overlaid in Korean language and no English to be found.  Made it difficult for us to read the stereo & equipment controls and it did become a nuisance to have one of the guys come and adjust/modify sound levels, feedback, distortion-issues whenever they did arise instead of being able to take care of the issue ourselves.MY PERSONAL FAVESI got to belt out my Def Leppard and Linkin Park Standards, so I was dam happy.  I even smoothed out the end of the evening (er, morning) with the Beatles "Michelle", so it was all good.THE FOOD & DRINKThere was an ample supply of all kinds of chicken appetizers, beer and sake to keep our energy up, so no complaints in this department.  There were also some sweet-potato fries which were powdered with sugar so that they were sweet, and not savory the way I prefer them.  Ah well.  I still ate them and enjoyed them because I haven't met a sweet potato fry I do not like.PRICINGInteresting to say the least:  unlike the Karaoke I hit in Sacramento, San Francisco, and Seattle, this establishment has a sliding-mechanism that takes into account the consumables factor.  If it was just Karaoke, the room rental was $40 per hour.  However, if we consumed more than $100 in drinks & food, then the room rental would go down to $20 per hour.  Since there was a group of about 14 of us, and we were there from 11am to 3am, we made sure to get more than $100 in consumables that we would probably have gotten anyways, but Clover and I did buy drinks at the end to "get us over" that last bump to $100 so we could default the hourly rate down to $20 an hour.  [Note to self:  I HATE doing math when I'm trying to concentrate on singing!]KARAOKE CABBIES!Now this was different: it was 3AM at the end of our stint, so this place does something interesting for it's customers - the servers / chefs double as cabbies!  SERIOUSLY!  Since we are "quite a way into" Chinatown-Vegas, it would take a while to get a cab out there.  However, two of the establishments associates got two vehicles:  one to take part of our group back to PLATINUM, and another to take my group back to STRATOSPHERE.  A total win!THE LOWDOWNAll-in-all, a good experience.  I don't like to nit-pick the little things, and also have great respect for cultural traditions and cultural business-choices.HOWEVER, given this establishment wants to do business with a mainstream English-speaking demographic (it's in Vegas, USA, after all), and given that one could reasonably expect that there would be a preference for more mainstream English-language music by a significant customer base of English-speakers, I'm just saying it would be prudent (as a BUSINESS owner or BUSINESS manager, etc.) to make sure to supply better books and readable tech that is readible in English.  If on the other hand, the point is to discourage English-speaking patrons from coming here to enjoy Karaoke, then don't change a thing.  Frustrated customers just won't return.  However, we hardcore Karaokers will find a way to manage, even if a bit more grumpily.All-in-all, a 3-STAR experience.  However, I'll be honest & say I am bumping it up to 4 STARS because of the courtesy the gentlemen showed us in getting us back to our hotels at the end of a lonnnnng night in the weeeee hours of the morning.
3	Oh, my. Let's just say I had pleasant dreams that night of Clover's UYE - thanks to the classy bathroom visit. xDWe had fun singing along and eating the awesome snack chicken food. English song selection lacked a bit for my tracks and the feedback was rather tiresome.
3	I'm a spoiled brat. Yes, it's true - every karaoke joint with room rentals will forever and ever be held against the standard of Rock Box (in Seattle), my one true karaoke love. So Bazic (Basic? It's just a backwards 's'.) does tend to suffer by comparison. But let's start with the great things!1. Big private rooms with cushy couches. Super comfortable.2. A call button so you can get a server when you feel like ordering anything, which is extremely convenient, if a little upstairs/downstairs.3. CHICKEN. Ugh, the "pure chicken" (boneless popcorn chicken, essentially) was so good. Both the plain and the deri-q (sweet bbq) were delicious whether dipped in the sweet chili or gochujang or eaten alone. I could not stop eating it, I swear to god I tried about four times before I gave up and embraced my pigginess.4. Cheap. Not sure how it's so cheap, but it is SO CHEAP.5. The people running the joint are enormously kind. Very friendly, very sweet, even calling us some oddly cheap flat-rate cabs at the end of the night.And now, the not so great things.1. Everything is in Korean, which for our non-Korean speaking group was a touch difficult. We weren't sure how to work the controls, how to queue up songs, how to fix the earsplitting volume...although with a little help from the staff we did mostly get there in the end.2. The books have only tiny slivers in English, and they're sorted by song title, which makes it much harder to find something in the already limited selection.3. Don't know what was up with our mics, but they never responded to the controls, so the feedback did prompt some shrieks and some cowering in the corner of the couch.4. The bulgy leering characters painted in the ladies' room were, frankly, frightening.Anyway, Bazic is a very solid karaoke joint. If it weren't for Rock Box I'd probably judge them a 4, even, but what can I say? I'm spoiled for life.
5	A little bit of LA ktown in Vegas. True to the spirit of unpretentious drinking food and drinks, Bazic is a laid back bar off the strip that allows you to relax and drink at your pace and not have Vegas all in your face.  The food is a good collection of the usual korean variety that you may crave after having too much of the vegas buffets. My personal favorites are the kimchee fried rice and the kimchee pancakes. Their fried chicken and wings are good as well.  The added value is that they also have karoake rooms on the back, so after a good night of drinking you can sing your heart away (not me though). If you're looking for a quick escape from Vegas for a moment, Bazic is the place to check out whether you're Asian or not.  One more thing, enjoy the bathroom art when you go.
4	Being from LA, my criteria for a Korean bar is highly standardized. However, this place was able to make the cut even when its outside my hometown.What I truly love about this place is the fact that they incorporate more than the standard Korean bar food. Their fried chicken is cooked to pefection! Almost as if it's from the South. Why go to KFC when you can get better quality fried chicken to complement the variety of beer you are given at this joint?  Who can argue? Beer is also not only served by Oz but also by CC. Depending on how many people we're with, my friends and I stick to around 3000cc so that we don't bloat ourselves. Along with our chicken and beer is the very tasty corn & cheese. Tasty but not high in quantity. They put some kind of salt in there that makes me want to order seconds if not thirds. I have also tried the Kimchi(ish) pizza. It wasn't bad but I personally don't like the fusion of Korean and Italian foods. If anything, keep them original and separate. Not only that, but the pizza was undercooked and it went cold quick. If you're drunk, you wouldn't care, but I take my food seriously so cook it to near perfection please. On to the traditional soju. Personally, I enjoy chamisul the most, mainly because it's authentic. And at Bazic, chamisul is only $9.99! In comparison to other bars, you save about a couple of bucks for the same exact soju.Service is inconsistent. Even though there's about like 10 tables, they only have one waiter a night, or so it seems. There are times where I alert them multiple times and the server walks right past my table.When I compare this joint to other Korean bars in the Clark County, this place has the edge when it comes to food because they serve such a diverse variety of foods that you won't find at every Korean bar. This place in itself is a bar, restaurant, karaoke.
3	To say the least, Bazic is a quirkly karaoke bar and restaurant.  To start, my friend and I had an argument on the name of the place.  Is it Bazic or is Basic with a backwards "s"?  We saw both ways of the spelling everywhere in the place.  Finally, I asked the harajuku dressed waitress what it was called and she said.....Bazic.  Now that we know that the name is, Bazic....what does Basic mean?!  The waitress led us to the back of the bar/restaurant to the rooms where they had the private karaoke sessions.  We started off with ordering drinks and food.  Our group of 6 had thought that getting the huge self serve beer tower would be the best bang for our buck.  Can't remember the price but, it wasn't crazy expensive.  The food on the other hand wasn't the greatest.  Some of the food on the menu wasn't available which sucked because based off of the reviews on Yelp it looked delicious.  We ended up getting French fries and these deep fried chicken niblets that were coated in Korean sauce.  Luckily I was a little tipsy and more into the singing but, the fries were okay and the niblets could have been better if they didn't come to us cold.  But, I can't knock the service.  There was a bell we can ring on the door whenever we needed something and the wait was never to long.  As for the song selection it was up to par.  Usually found what we wanted but, I'd say half of the song selection was written in Korean and the other half was English which was limiting.  Oh yeah, the tambourine!  For those that maybe shy to sing, they have a tambourine that looked like it was from the Electronic Daisy Carnival.  More cow.....Tambourine?  The bath rooms were really funny.  The men's bathroom walls were painted with skanky  anime chicks that were half naked.  Eh, can't hate that.  My wife had said that the woman's bathrooms had the same but male cartoons.  Overall, the night was quirky and super fun, especially after having a bunch to drink.  We ended up with a pretty high bill and for that reason I'll give this place 3 stars.  I'm really glad we went but, I felt the food wasn't very good and was overpriced.
4	I loveeee  Chicken Wings.Their house special is Deri-Q Wings, comes as an order of 7, for 8.95. It is heaven in a basket. I cannot explain the sauce or what is in it. Nor would I like to know. As a cook, you try and find out what other places are cooking, and how they are doing it. These are one of those times, where I would rather not know, and just enjoy the dish for what it is. These wings are the best, I will go even as far to say that, these are the best I have had in town.friend had the hot wings, and she was amazed that they were really hot, this was a surprise to meI also ordered the long island iced tea and tequilla sunrise. Both were good. I love going to this place, for food and as well as if you are in the mood to sing some karaoke, they have great rooms to reserve. The bathrooms are also decorated nicely.
4	This place probably has the best korean fried chicken in town, and it might have some of the best overall fried chicken in town (sorry, popeyes) It does blow K-Jun in the Greenland center out of the water, but It can be a bit pricey here. The skin is amazing, it's super crunchy, and the meat is tender and soft. It really is unlike any chicken you'll ever have. It comes with a side of pickled daikon, which is totally different than the ones at a korean restaurant, and a cabbage slaw mixed with a russian dressing. I'll definitely be back. Oh, and before you get your meal, they'll give you these deep fried spaghetti sticks that look like incense. These are so addictive, you just can't have just 1!
5	I went on a Friday night at 1130pm and first thought was, "Wow, place is chill, there a bar and dining area and karaoke." Let's get to the point we came for the Korean Style Chicken Deep Fried Wings. I can say its pretty pricey for 8 wings for $9.99 BUT the wings are well worth it and it takes 15 minute before your order will arrived! But let me tell you wings are BOMB with a sweet and spicy sauce savored over the wings aww heaven =) They also have beer pong you gotta see it for yourself and Soulju in fresh cut pineapple! I love this place!
5	This is a place that I would take my relatives to sing karaoke and have a drink or two. Even though it looks small, it still feels spacious inside. I actually haven't been here when UNLV's JSA/HAK Student Organizations was not throwing their socials/mixers. That's the only reason I go. Nevertheless, I would still go there if I were to have family and friends come to town.
4	Came here for a birthday dinner and after we ended in one of the private karaoke rooms.  First, dinner.  I ordered the Korean fried chicken and it was good but it was just fried chicken so I don't get what all the hype is about.  However, the sauce that came with it was excellent .  The drinks ordered for the table were interesting in their presentation, the towering beer, the drinks in hollowed out melon, etc.  Not sure if  all nights end in Bazic turning into a club but that's what happened the night I was there.        We had a large party and service was great.
4	When we found out that our #1 late night sober joint was closing at 3am, we turned to Bazic, a Korean Bar with Karaoke.  But it wasn't the bar or the karaoke that we came here for.  It was for their specialty food which was Korean fried chicken.I love me some KFC, no, not the colonel Kentucky, the Korean Gangnam-style.  They offered various flavors and sizes.  You can do the regular legs and thighs or wings.  Either way you are going to need a wheel chair at the end to roll back to your car.The wings sort of remind you of Hooter's.  It was thick and super crispy.  We ordered the classic Korean spice, garlic, and some other thing and all tasted very nice.  Will be sure to fill you up!  The seafood pancake was crispy and good.  I never got to try their leg and thighs but my friends seemed to enjoyed them.Perhaps next time, we'll try their Karaoke.  But for now, if you are craving K-wings and thighs, definitely stop by here.  And best of all they are open past 3am.
3	BazicIt's a typical Korean karoake/lounge/full bar/restaurant that serves plenty of alcohol and food.  Their spicy fried chicken is the BOMB and it beats KFC, Popeyes, and Churchs chicken in quality and taste.  Alot of fond memories here, too bad the last time I went it was dead, and this was on a Friday night so perhaps this place has lost its popularity.
3	Do they get shut down every other month for serving alcohol to minors? It feels like it.Ate at the restaurant ONCE in my lifetime but been to the karaoke rooms a ton! FUN, FUN, FUN! With your private karaoke room, you can also order food and drinks. Just hit that black button at the door.Service, eh. Price, cheap enough. GREAT for groups.
5	So after midnight me and Ife walk in here. There ain't no seats open so the host guy tells us that we have to wait approximately 5 minutes. I was like "NO F*CKING WAY! 5 minutes? I don't got the patience for that!". So we walk up to this random Korean couple and nicely told them to "get the f*ck out or I will knock the kimchee out of your f*cking mouth!" Even though the chick at the table quickly got up and ran out the door, Ife still thought it was a good idea to punch her in this face and poor her Soju all over her head. So, with that problem out of the way we got a pretty good seat. We got into another fight with the staff when it literally took like 2 whole minutes for our server to get to us.  What kind of slow ass service is that? Obviously, the server didn't know he was dealing with very wealthy and sophisticated people here. We told him to do the Gangnam Style dance or we wouldn't tip him. Eventually I waved a $1 bill in front of his face and he gave in and started dancing. Just to be nice, I threw his tip off the balcony where he ran for it, down the stairs, as fast as he could. Unfortunately, the Chinese girls at Shuseki had already gotten to it before he could get down there. Seeing how i'm one of those people who love to drink and get wasted, I ordered like 3 bottles of that Orange Soju stuff. At the end of the night, the service was still so bad that we did not pay the check and just walked out. In the parking lot, I decided to use my skillful "womanizing" techniques on Ife and I was like: "Hey bitch! I am totally good at the sex and gonna like totally do the sexing on you!" That line usually works on every chick at Lewis Family Park, and I just don't understand why it didn't work on her. She gave me a beating that was worse than anything I had experienced during my boxing days. While I was completely lifeless on the floor, she took my keys and drove off in the 1992 honda civic that my dad bought me for my 25th birthday. As I was laying on the cold asphalt of the parking lot, I had started crying because I realized my pokemon card collection was still in the backseat, and also I was Forever Alone...None of that story above happened. The real story was that due to the superbowl crowd and all the other sh!t going on Saturday night in Las Vegas, we literally were having a disasterific night and just needed a place to hang out. I hadn't slept in 3 days, and was so incoherent and zombified. The conversations I was having with Ife were so awkward and strange. My words were slurring and my personality was totally loserific. We found Bazic because of a review that Tien had written. Ife loves K-pop and Korean culture so we thought it might be a fun place to hang out. When we walked in, no one assumed I was Korean. I took too much after my Japanese side, and none of the servers in a million years thought I was even 1% Korean. Our server was actually really great, and I tipped quite a bit. Ife ordered this giant bottle of Orange Soju which didn't even come close to getting her buzzed, while all the other people in the club who ordered it were totally on the floor, puking their brains out. Ife is so f*cking rad! She can literally outdrink the country of Ireland. I on the other hand, being Straight Edge was sitting there and thinking to myself "I wish I had a coke". And then suddenly the server brought me one of those fancy ass cokes from the metal bottle. It was the happiest day of my life. Overall, it was a really great experience! Next time I'm gonna rent one of those Karoake things and invite all my yelp friends.  Can't wait to hang out with Ife again, we are going to that Commonworld(spelling ?) UYE event on Wednesday. So, if you are one of those business owners or yelpers who hate me, this is your opportunity to finally get me. You'll know me when you see me, I'm always the hottest guy in the room.
4	This is my other go-to karaoke bar! The food, service, and song selections are great. It doesn't smell funky like Zizzy does, which is a big plus. For an interesting surprise, go to the bathroom and check out the wall decor lol
4	Finally I have time to review this restaurant after I've been there like 5 times already. The reason I go there because I love their fish roe soup. I always get the hot pot one and my bf loves their special omelet. The food is good. The price is a little bit high but their potions are good for the price. Why not 5 stars?! Because the food takes soooooo long. I have no idea why 3 dishes took for 30-40 mins to prepare or maybe they only have 1 chef and the service is slow. Everybody seems so nice and polite tho. I'll go back for sure but its be perfect if the food comes out faster.
4	I am addicted to BB wings!  If you're going for the first time this is a must.  Service is always fast and friendly and the late hours make it a great spot after work, club, or bar.
4	I went here with a friend after our post-lecture dinner for some drinks.  We got the yogurt soju and between the two of us, we finished 3 bottles.  We skipped the food part as we were still full.The atmosphere was great.  The music wasn't blaring so my friend and I actually got to chat.  Service was good.  By our fourth bottle, I had to call for some reinforcement and DD.  A great time was had and I can't wait to take my other friends here sometime next week to celebrate their birthday.
1	Used to be a regular at bazix. But now the servers here are disgusting. Rude and gives you an attitude especially the female waitresses (especially the one with the brown, crooked teeth) Sorry i'm calling you out! She charged me and my friends for everything without even telling us. And talks back rudely to us and yelled. WOWW.. She got lucky we tipped her $2. Food is over rated here and wayy overpriced. It's even empty here now on the weekends (when it used to be packed). It's EMPTY HERE NOW. Only old folks come and eat and talk. That's telling you something. Theres a reason why people don't come here anymore!
4	Good chicken, good music, neat environment. Service is always great as well. The reason for the 4 stars is because some of their prices on food too much for simple things. Other than that, no complaints. Great place to chill and hang out and eat.
4	I would really like to say 5 whole stars and for effort, they are easily 5 stars of nice here, but overall, there was a few issues.The chicken was really FREAKING good, like go there to eat it, forget about the karaoke good.However, we came to sing, and sing we did.  Well, kinda. The equipment kept getting wonky, and the song selection was whack, you can see clearly the other Yelpers that were there with me, and the only difference I think was my heavy interaction with the staff, and all of that was top notch.Overall, I had a good time and they really did go above and beyond for us and the atmosphere there was a fun party (WOOO HOOO that hot 'Paul Pope' style art in the bathroom was nice) and open so late that well, try it and order the chicken but don't go expecting the nicest set up and song selection and I think you'll be pleased.
5	I went here with a great group of friends after we found out that our initial karaoke bar had a one hour wait.  It was an awesome experience!  The parking lot is phenomenal when compared to the other Chinatown parking lots!  The service was fast, and the song list was decent enough to sing for a good two hours!  I'll definitely be coming back here with my friends.
2	The food was way overpriced in my opinion.  But, it reminded me of Hawaii karaoke bars and we had a good time.
1	The server brought my friend the ramen he ordered and the metal bowl was so hot it burnt his fingers and left big white blisters. After he burnt himself the server said be careful it's hot.... Little to late. He offered ice and didn't do any more than that. 8+ minutes later my food came out luke warm and on top of that the server gave my friend the rice so I had to order a side for my sweet and sour pork which they charged me for. The pork was a small portion (for $8.99) and left a nasty after taste.
5	Bazic karaoke rooms are big compare to other karaoke. I came here with 30people for private karaoke room for my b-day we all had fun. Great food especially chicken wings spicy BB and Deri Q (must try)!! One thing I like about this place is they have a full bar. I been to Q karaoke, its great but i highly recommend this place. All staff were very friendly and constantly taking care od my group. I would def come back!!
4	This place has such a cool atmosphere. You can dine in the dining area or if you have a group of people you can book a karaoke room. I've done both. I really like the karaoke room because it's more private and you & your friends can be as loud as you want. Foods-- They're really known for their chicken wings. Their hot wings is defiantly spicy but extremely good. I can never eat it all because it's so damn spicy. I love LOVE their sweet potato fries. They are really thin cut fries and they put sugar on top of it.Drinks-- soju soju soju! My favorite! They have all the delicious flavors. Mango is my favorite. They have pineapple soju in a pineapple fruit! Staff-- are wonderful. They have doorbells there so if you need anything you just ring the doorbell if you don't want to be bothered they won't bother u unless u ring it. I wish they had that in all restaurants!
2	The first sign of trouble should have been that this Chinatown plaza was almost dead at 11PM on a Friday night. The hours were incorrect on 1900's Yelp page, and almost everything else in this plaza was closed- but we went in to this place when we saw the Chicken & Beer banner.Bizarre to walk in to a club-looking place but we were seated right away.Concept of buzzing a doorbell to get service is odd. And again, the fact that it was completely dead at 11PM on a Friday, should have been a heads up.The menu is ridiculous, composed of pages of Clip-art festooned specials with nonexistent descriptions and then traditional menu pages with dish listings, prices, and photos. Speaking of prices, the ones in the menu range from high to insane: $8 to $24 for soup, $9 for a 7 piece wing order, and shaved ice desserts for $15? Don't even get me started on the beer listing, which shows pricing for your beverage based on CCs- as if they're going to give you an injection or something. Side note, who on earth spends $50 on Miller Lite? ANYONE?Anyway.Tentatively ordered the tempura udon soup and two 7-piece orders of wings (deri-q and mild), and considering there were few to no other customers, it was a considerable wait for our food.While we waited, we were provided with what appeared to be a vase of sticks, and a set of very dated and very dirty/cloudy water glasses. I'm the first person to down copious amounts of water when dining out, but the age and cleanliness (or lack there of) of the waterglasses skeeved me out.But we finally got our food.The tempura udon soup was too hot too eat for a good half hour, by which point the tempura was soggy. Which was irrelevant, considering this $8 bowl of soup consisted of just one piece of shrimp tempura and noodles, with some green onion thrown on for color.The wings though, were a surprise: the first batch (the deri-q) were smaller and served with tiny dishes of some grainy green stuff with a thick, dark brown sauce, almost tasting like soy sauce.  It was surprisingly delicious.Second batch of wings (mild) were about twice the size each, very crunchy/crispy, and had a sauce on them that smelled amazing but didn't pack the same punch in flavor. Not sure how this place is open with this pricing and lack of business.Service was spotty- not sure why they had three employees chilling, if only one person is needed to listen for the buzzer and give one-word answers to our questions.
3	Use caution when going in large groups. I thought it would be fun to have my birthday party here. We called the week before to make a reservation for 15, then the day before to say it would be 20, but they didn't have any record of our reservation at all.  They fit us in fine, but then the food took forever to come out and they brought us our plates one at a time. Apparently they only had 1 cook. The food was alright and decently priced.The karaoke room was really fun.  They have a ton of songs and the room itself is very reasonably priced.  It ended up being a fun night for karaoke, just not great for food.Oh, and reeeeally weird art in the girl's bathroom....
5	Best Korean bar in town, good food and good service!
3	I'm giving this place a 3 stars because of the food which is really good like the bb wings are really spicy but tastes good. The flavored soju is really well made too and we tried almost all the flavors. Now for the rest of my review of this place. The environment is nice but the service is not that great. I have done karaoke before with friends didn't have a problem. I go there again to karaoke and while I'm in the room singing the guy owner comes into my room with a group of people and starts doing a tour and actually had the nerve to ask if it was okay for him to do so....... I thought that was the rudest thing ever especially if the room is occupied. Ever since that one time I never went back just because of the crappy service and rudeness I got from the male owner of the place.
3	Bazic is one of those spots where you just come in for a few drinks and then take the party to the back room (aka the karaoke rooms) or somewhere else.  I have had a few dishes here like the spicy chicken soup and the fried chicken and, although pretty good for what they were, it was nothing to write home about. They have a full bar here and can make whatever you want from well to top shelf. However, we usually get up on some soju or hit up the beer tower whenever we roll through as our go-to. As far as the karaoke rooms go, they cater to different size parties and accommodate different types of singers such as your pop singer, rock singer, k-pop singer, and so on. They do their best to keep up with new jams that come out and the popular stuff on the radio they heard just before they came to belt out some tunes, but most times it's sorely lacking. Nonetheless, if you're looking into something a little older or those couple of fan favorites that you continually practice in the shower, then odds are they have the jams you are looking for.Nice food, good drinks, and lots of tunes out back.  Not my favorite spot to hang in either setting but... eh, it'll do.
4	No matter how many times i come here, I always an amazed on how good of a time I have. I didn't know what soju was, but it is legitimately life changing here.Speaking of life changing, the chicken. Good gosh, the chicken. I have never had something so cravable in my whole life! it's savory and delectable. The only thing that cost a star, are the karaoke books. If you are a novice, it's near to impossible to find the english songs. I have been there a bunch of times now, and always bring new people, so I educate them on how to handle the books. This is something that should probably be addressed, I have seen it come up on a number of previous reviews. I will keep coming back, and will always send people their way. It's an unbelievably fun time.
2	My brother recommend this place when he was in Vegas for his friend's wedding. He told me how much he love their chicken wings. So I gave this place a chance to see what's it about. It's pretty much like an Asian fusion place or more of a Korean spot. They have karaoke private stations in the back and a bar. When we went there it was really dead. We were their only customers. But the ambiance is cool. We ordered some fried pork cutlets, Korean bbq, sweet potato fries, shrimp tempura, watermelon soju, and of course their wings since it's the most popular there. But I've had better and cheaper of all of those food. Now, let's talk about their wings. They have I think 3 different flavors for the wings and we tried them all. The wings are chunky pieces. It's not like wingstop or buffalo wild wings size wings. But as far as taste goes, it's alright. Didn't really like it actually.. And as far as the service/staff, they were really nice and on point. But I'm not sure if that's really how it went down or if it's because they didn't have any other customers to pay attention to but us. I don't think I'd ever come back here unless I decide to give this place one more chance but I don't think I will.
5	I love this spot, been coming here since 2011. It seems like they're under new management. The menus changed a bit and they don't have that OG Deri Q wing anymore (the soy/teriyaki). However, the new staff is extremely friendly and the food is still excellent. They've given me plenty of stuff on the house, they're very kind. I still get the wings (Sweet & Spicy and Soy Garlic). The atmosphere is still very chill. I do miss the K-Pop but they have a little something for everyone. I'll still rep Bazic and support their wonderful restaurant!!!!! I still have yet to karaoke, I've just lurked in the back. Yall bring back the erotic bathroom art!!!! Bazic is still my go to late night spot in LV!!!!A wonderful culinary experience. James is quite the bartender/host!!!!!
5	We changed our number. Its now 702.998.1060 ~ We will start with some great new menu items.  Come visit us and check out our new items ~
3	2/5 yelp says its all Meh I've experienced better if you just came here for the korean fried spicy chicken that is. We got the deal which was thrifty. 2000cc of beer and like 8-10 pieces of chicken for $28.99. We could barely finish the beer for the 2 people. There are other deals there including karaoke etc... Cool to check out with a group of people, but I came there because everyone said they had the best KFC, "korean fried chicken" in vegas. If it is... well I have had better. The popcorn beforehand they gave us was greasy but the waiter was very attentive.Service 5/5Food 3/5Price 4/5
