4	My favorite bar in Charlotte, because of the atmosphere and the ping-pong tables outside.  Perfect for cool summer nights and really any season in Charlotte except for when its raining.  Decent beer selection, but nothing spectacular...like I said its the atmosphere of Thomas Street that makes it so cool, everyone is just there to chill, drink, meet up and have a good time.  The stadium seating near the ping-pong table adds to the unique attitude of this bar and when the competition heats up you can feel it throughput the lower part of the outdoor bar.  When the temperatures dip south they have fire pits in some of the outdoor tables as well as the traditional stand alone outdoor heaters. So come outside, drink a beer and gaze at the stars, and feel the vibe of Thomas Street; my favorite bar in Charlotte, it's unpretentious and straight -up chill so come kick it, if it isn't already ridiculously crowded...if it is... head up the street to P-Stone.
5	This place is a quick walk across the street from Penguin In. I went with friends and we sat in the back. I was more impressed with this place than I thought I would be. I'm not sure what it would be like full - we went on a Tuesday night - but it looks like it could be fun. My friends and I all ordered Blue Moon beer. The newly pregnant one ordered a Shirley Temple and got a hint of an eye roll from the server. Even so, we loved our server - he was attentive and friendly, checking back often to see if we were doing alright. It was cold that night, so I couldn't talk the group into going outside to enjoy the fire on the patio. However, if and when I go back, I will certainly check it out. I love the stadium seating out there.  think the layout of this place was the most impressive to me. They have a front patio where dogs can hang out too, then you walk into a long bar where I'm sure the regulars sit, then a seating area on the ground level leads to the back where more tables are available on a raised platform. Couple this with the back patio and its ping pong action, and you've got yourself a really friendly neighborhood bar worth coming home to.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Charlotte. It's super laid back, and actually reminds me a lot of a San Francisco bar (where I live now). There's a varied crowd, which is nice compared to a lot of the bars in the downtown area that tend to attract the same types of people. Cheap beer and out back they've even got a series of ping pong tables, complete with stadium seating so that you can watch game after game.
4	I'm a big fan of Thomas Street Tavern, in part because it's a great atmosphere, and also because it's right across the street from the Penguin.  Can you get any better?  Fried pickles at the Penguin and then beers and ping pong at Thomas Street?  No, didn't think so.Relatively cheap prices on their beers and a big selection is one of the main reasons we keep coming back here.  The last couple times they've been out of this beer or that, have to wonder if they have problems keeping their bar stocked or if they just have that much of a crowd. Wait staff has always been good and friendly; quick with the beers or a recommendation.The only thing I don't like is the creepy guy that tried to pop pills into my friends mouth.  You know who you are, creepy guy with dreadlocks.
4	I've been to Thomas Street Tavern a few times and have enjoyed myself for the most part.  They have a nice outside setup with plenty of places to sit or stand, a second bar with seating of it's own, and ping-pong tables.  It's a great place to hang out to meet new people, or go with a group of people.  It seems to be a very "chill" place and completely non-hostile.  They offer a nice variety of beers on tap at a fair price.  I would recommend to others.
4	Ok I admit I was skeptical because, next to Penguin Drive-in, this is the most talked about place in Plaza Midwood.  But it does have a very mellow, "hey relax" vibe.  The bartenders are attentive and friendly.  And for an added bonus they have a pretty good Scotch selection.  Thomas Street Tavern reminds me of gringo bars in Mexico that are a little bit out of the way but if you ask the right people or poke around enough, you'll inevitably wind up here.  Slightly eclectic crowd, cabin fever locals, musicians who are off the clock, road worn travelers.  And everyone there just wants to get away from the fray, not too loud, be casual, mingle and leave everything else behind...The juke box could use some more choices, but all in all a decent Friday night bar where you could spend a good long time decompressing.  Don't dress up and don't eat here.
3	This is a fun place to shoot pool and play ping pong, but the service is shabby.  I had to wait forever to order a drink and the bartender wasn't very personal.  However, I went on a crowded Saturday night.  If I went again I would go on a weeknight, so I could participate in some of the games outside.  There is a cute little cabanaesque bar outside on the patio, I would recommend going outside because it is much less congested.  Not only that, the guys who hang out around the pool table are kind of pushy and not really people friendly.  I did get a chance to meet the owner towards the nights end and he was very approachable, and seemed to care about his guests.  Overall, my experience was decent, but a little too frat-tastic for my taste.
3	I've had the best of times and the worst of times at Thomas Street. I think it has a lot to do with the crowd..if it's a packed-in-like-sardines kind of night, I'm not likely to go in. I don't like the crowd, and the service gets pretty (understandably) sloppy when it's busy. The whole scene reminds me of college a little too much...screaming folks enamored with their own drunkenness...If you're in the mood for college antics, it's a great place to go.On the other hand, I've had great experiences at Thomas Street during the afternoons. It's good for lunches with friends, especially in the summer with the patio. On evenings when it's not too crowded, the drama at the ping pong table can be pretty intense. (Has anyone else noticed that Charlotte has a weirdly elaborate ping pong culture?)I like Thomas Street's food, which is solid as far as standard American bar food goes. I'm getting a little old and crochety about big crowds, but overall, it's a safe bet for a good place to go out for night life or for a good dinner.
3	Some nights, Thomas Street is the perfect neighborhood hangout. The large back patio allows you to relax and enjoy the warm weather (or the glow of the heat lamps in the winter). But other nights, it's packed with a snobby crowd that resembles a frat party. Basically, Thomas Street has gotten too popular for its own good. When I go in, I head straight for the back patio, where there is a separate bar and the smoke isn't quite so thick. The food is OK for bar food, but it typically takes a long time before it arrives. Still, the Ping-Pong is free, and the drinks are cheap.
4	if there was a fool-proof way to keep all the god foresaken yuppies out of this place i might go there every night.  since that doesnt seem to be an option i stick to wednesday/thursday nights.  if you are a drunk like me and the slapasses i associate with then you will enjoy drinking there during the day on saturdays as well.  decent bar food, cheap whisk, ping pong, epic patio = good enough for me.p.s. i drive a tahoe and wear polos
3	At last, I found what I was NOT missing in life... cigarette smoke-laced food at a pub.  (They allow smoking at bars still in Charlotte?)  Thomas Street Tavern offers  your standard pub-grade food: it will fill your tummy, stall or soak up the alcohol and get the job done.  What I enjoy about Thomas Street is that it's unpretentious: what you see is what you get.  Pool table, back patio, plenty of seating, decently priced beers and adequate service.  TVs that are just perfect for moving your eyes towards when your conversation lulls or when that hot guy you've been checking out catches you staring at him (just pretend you're looking past him, right? Hehe.)Verdict: not a bad neighborhood pub, if your expectations are for a neighborhood pub.
3	Great food, but stinks like cigarette  smoke. Decent prices, bar atmosphere.
3	Great back patio, despite the rather angry staff.  Apparently it was a bad night for staff at the TST.  It was chilly outside, so there were a couple of tiki torches lit.  We stepped off the porch and down to the patio by the ping pong tables, and there was an unlit torch, so I decided to go light it from the one on the patio myself.  As I was about to light it, someone grabbed the stand, and I wheeled around to see one of the staff with an angry face ask me "What are you doing? The fire marshal told us yesterday that we couldn't have these, and now you're dripping oil all over the patio."  Now I understand that this guy probably has to deal with lots of drunken crazies with pyro fetishes (after all there's a table at the outside bar that has a fire pit in it), and he needs to be firm to get his point across, but I did not at all appreciate that tone when there were clearly other tiki torches lit around the porch, and there was not a drop of oil on the ground under the torch that I was holding.  Ok, whatever, "I'm so sorry, I'll just sit down".  Three minutes pass, and the same guy walks out to light the said tiki torch.  He then pats my arm and says "There you go, honey, your torch is now lit."  Please don't touch me, particularly if you don't know me, and you were just reprimanding me with angry eyes.  I know you're trying to make nice, but the touching only makes it creepy.  5 minutes later, a different guy on the patio who was smoking and talking on his cell phone closes his phone forcefully while uttering a choice expletive and walks up to the tiki torch, blowing it out with wet, smoky breath.  He then proceeds to walk up to the porch and blow them all out, and recruit the original employee from my story, and they carry all the now blown-out tiki torches back to the shed where no one can mess with them.  Guess the fire marshal did call.Whatever, I understand, just wish they'd had their story straight.  So now I'm watching ping pong, and helping retrieve the balls that fall under the net (why bother to have a net if it doesn't go all the way to the ground to catch the balls), and all of a sudden the first employee comes running out with angry eyes to yell at the girl who put her bottle on the table.  Again understandable, but she was not being drunk or belligerent, and it was the first time, for like 2 seconds.  Clearly this guy has had to deal with one too many people and just doesn't care about being hospitable any more.All that said, I did like this place.  There could have been more heaters out back, but the ping pong, cornhole, and fire pit by bar were awesome.  I would go back.  As long as I wear heavier clothes for the cold weather, and make sure to be on my best behavior.
3	If you're looking for a bar that serves beer, this place is exactly what you're looking for.  Everything else about it is mediocre.In closing, there seems to be no time limit imposed on the ping-pong tables once a pair has claimed lordship.
4	My boyfriend and I came to Charlotte from LA, and were looking for a good bar to grab some drinks, some food, and some fun, and we were not disappointed at all. We found the back patio, and had a great time drinking well priced beer and playing ping pong. Dinner was also great. I had the crab cake sandwich on a croissant, and it was delicious. Sounds like when it's super busy the service get bad, but we were there early on Friday, and had no trouble getting drinks and service with a smile.
2	Had heard a lot of people mention this over the last couple years in Charlotte, so a friend and I (who had also never been to this place) decided to try it for lunch on a weekday.I met her there and the place was typical of a bar/pub.  The back patio looked nice and large, which is where I've heard it's really chill to drink out back during the summer, but as this was a cooler day in Charlotte (high 30's), this was not so appealing.The staff was helpful and friendly and pretty attentive, so this was clearly not what caused me to give them 2 stars.  It was the food.  I had a burger w/ fries and my friend had a BLT w/ fries.  It's not that it wasn't cooked properly or wasn't decent, it's just that it wasn't anything special and when it comes to bar/pub food in Charlotte, there certainly are other places that are much, much better.All in all, it felt more like a bar/pub restaurant chain more than a neighborhood hangout and I was certainly expecting more.  Like I said, it might be a cool bar to hang out during the summer, but not a restaurant that should necessarily be sought after.  I'll probably give it another chance if someone wanted to go there, but won't be convincing my friends to go have a meal there.
3	The sky was crying thick sheets of rain when I sauntered into Thomas Street Tavern, a loose assemblage of draft and bottled brews, flat screens, and elbow to elbow friends. These guys were bringing them in from all fronts. And while this place was cool enough and the staff was spot-on friendly, it would be surprising to reference this tavern as remarkable. In the end, I found my way clear to sample a large format hefeweizen and a black ale, and while the skies continued to open up, I settled into a bar stool and some haphazard conversation. Would I return? Sure, I don't know why not -- but it probably wouldn't be because I was craving something original.
3	Thomas Street Tavern has a great atmosphere and is really a very cool place to go to but the prices are definitely NOT cool. I went on my birthday a few weeks ago and was pretty disappointed in the drink prices and the bartenders. They were really not very friendly and wouldn't even recommend any drinks to us. Definitely a great atmosphere but not worth the $$
4	Good food, good brews, good crowd....and a patio with ping pong.The Thomas St. Taven is a staple of the Plaza Midwood bar scene.  In fact, if you don't prefer a certain scene for a bar (i.e. hipster, dive bar, biker bar, etc), you'd like this place.  The clientele is mixed; black white, straight, gay, college age and cougar alike find a home here.  They have Stella Artois on tap and a couple of atypical beers on special.  The patio is awesome, even in the winter when they pull out heaters.  The tavern gets kinda packed in the summer months...so if you don't mind the crowd, you're in for a treat.
3	Good spot in Plaza Midwood.  The scene is very chill and the wait staff is down-to-earth.  I liked the back deck and super ping-pong area.  They also have pool tables inside.  I didn't check out the food menu, but the front patio was packed with diners.  Beer selection was moderate, with quite a few options on tap.  Not a "scene" place in my mind and great to go with some friends to have an enjoyable evening with light activity.
5	I felt compelled to write a review of Thomas Street given the unfortunate press that has surrounded it lately.  I've been going to Thomas Street for about 2 years now and it has one of the most ecclectic and diverse crowds I've seen in Charlotte.  During the week, you will find a less crowded more chill scene, and on the weekend it is usually packed after 10:30 (but not in a way that makes it annoying).  The outside patio has cornhole, and ping pong tables -  inside there is pool and foozball.  The bartenders are very down to earth.  The drink prices are the best I've seen in Charlotte, and they are poured generously.  This is NOT a club scene, top 40 kind of place.  You will find a juke box with mostly alternative and classics.  Come dressed down, and be prepared to get comfortable and have a great time.  Oh, and if you are leaving the bar solo at night, a bartender or bouncer is always happy to walk you to your car (in fact, they insist!).There really isn't a bad thing I could say about Thomas Street.  It gets 5 stars because they also allow dogs on the patio :)*Please note, I reviewed Thomas Street Tavern as a bar, not a restaurant.
4	Definitely a neat lil bungalow in PM!  (I totally abbreviated it) Walking in there is a great space and plenty of tv's to watch the game or whatever is going on!  For those who are table sharks, the billiards are calling your name... saying "rack me"!!!  The food is fantastical for bar food...  And a delicious black bean burger that is awesome!  I recommend the onion rings, they're great!  The atmosphere is awesome as well, with a mix of all types who are welcome!
4	Got a quick bite to eat and a beer here for lunch on Sunday during the game.  Quite a few Panthers fans were there (with not a lot of cheering going on...) but the food came out fast, and it was quite good for bar food...I had the chicken club with fries, and had a few of my friends onion rings - the decor was also great, very spacious, I might have to swing by here some evening when it's booming to see the crowd that hangs out here!  I'd definitely recommend Thomas Street Tavern if you are looking for a quick lunch and drink!
4	Great day of drinking with friends and enjoyed the almost 70 degree weather in January!! We sat outside, no table service - had to get drinks from outside bar - not a big deal until it started to get a little more crowded. We spent about 5 hours here. Ran into some friends - thought about playing corn hole and ping-pong, but decided not to. Drinks and shots were reasonably priced. People brought their dogs - kinda cool, since I am a dog owner/lover. I would love to go back and try the food.
4	Amazing spot. We did not eat here, but enjoyed cocktails on the massive "back porch" area. Expect a fun-loving diverse crowd, lots of bar games (ping pong, darts, pool, foosball, shuffle board), good service and well made drinks. The bathrooms could use some work.
5	You have to love this Charlotte classic. Way laid back, killer patio. Cold beers and a casual place to chill all day.
4	I love Thomas street for the food, drink prices, choice location, but most of all the clientele.  The plaza midwood crowd is very diverse and very fun.  This is definitley your friendly neighborhood bar, but almost anything you order on the menu will be a delicious choice especially the cuban sandwhich or gargantuan pile of nachos.  You can spend time here on their patio out back, where dogs are welcome, enjoying warm weather and dining al fresca or even at night in chillier temps they have neato fire pits at several tables.  Complete with a table tennis court, cornhole, pool tables, and an extensive bar you will always have something fun to do here day or night. One of my favorite hang outs!
4	This place, at least on the patio, is pretty cool.  It helped that it was like 80 degrees outside, with a nice little breezy to keep you cool.  There are fire pits, cornhole and 2 ping pong tables with netting around them so the balls flying everywhere don't bother the other patrons.  My only suggestion is to get another cornhole set and get rid of the box around the box.  Didn't have any food, and the bartender outside was SLOW!
4	Laid back, friendly, diverse neighborhood hangout with a great big outdoor patio in the back!   Fire pits, ping pong, corn hole, TV's, pool, foosball, etc.  You can't help but have good timew when hanging out here.  Try it!  DISCLAIMER:  I haven't experienced the food yet....
4	When I lived in Charlotte, this was one of my standard bars, especially on nice summer days and nights.  Inside is a nice bar, a couple pool tables and plenty of seating.  Additionally, they have an extensive outdoor area with two more bars, tables and benches for sitting and ping pong tables for fun drinking activity.  There is also a front side patio for outdoor seating in a more lax atmosphere.The food is also pretty good.  The crowd is from all walks of life which adds to the intrigue of this bar.Do yourself a favor and visit this bar, you won't be let down!
5	This is a default place for my friends. We always find ourselves coming back to "Thomas".With the recent upgrades to the outside area this summer season, this place has only gotten better.
4	Still scratching my head as to why I haven't reviewed Thomas Street Tavern yet... oh well.  I like the location of TST since it's in the heart of Plaza Midwood.  There have been plenty of times where friends were running late for dinner so we would pop into the tavern for a quick drink before dinner.Never actually eaten here, but I suspect the usual pub-ish food.  Bartenders are pretty nice and the place isn't so crazy that they actually have time to talk to you.  I haven't become "a regular" yet, but I can see this place having a lot of those types of clients.I've been in their outdoor area maybe once or twice and it is filled with activities.  In all honesty, I pretty much stick to home base - the bar... and I am pretty content there.
4	Mostly a lunch location for me as I've only been here at night for drinks a couple times.  That being said it's a great bar with a cool vibe and ping pong tables out back.  That's right PING PONG!! I'm a sucker for a good game of table tennis :)  I actually prefer the space outside because of the room and space it affords you so I can't wait till the weather breaks and temperatures drop so I can really enjoy it.Back to the food.  I have a couple favorites, one being the Chicken Tweety (I think it's called Jessica's Tweety now).  Grilled chicken breast with lettuce and tomato on a toasted hoagie roll with garlic salt butter atop the bread that really makes the sandwich great.  My other favorite is the Johnny Dollar Beach Burger.  Huge burger topped with whatever you like and sure to fill you up, no worries!  They also have an option to build your own sandwich which is great if you are looking to make a veggie sandwich with lots of fresh ingredients.The decor is full of warm wood and brick accents, I think it actually use to be an old post office? Great location out front with a simple patio space that equates to a good people watching location (my favorite spectator sport).
4	The corn hole and ping pong hooked me right away. The combination of token drinking games and a large outdoor bar that made me feel like I was in my friends' backyard. The only thing missing was live music. While the inside of the bar didn't catch my attention, the outside had a lot of character The perfect spot for a hot Charlotte summer night. I didn't eat any food and stuck to the Corona 3 dollar special. The fans spraying water is a nice feature on a hot night, but my hair didn't like the added moisture!
4	Drop in to catch a game and grab a pop.  The bartender with attentive, friendly, and very helpful.  T he game we were looking for wasn't on but he was nice enough to put it on one of the many TVs.   I ordered the california club which was delicious!  And had a few irresistible $2 PBRs. But the winning quality for me was that they keep the juke box going even when the games are on, which I love, but it could have been pumped up a decibel or few.They have chalkboard walls in the restrooms but  BYOC (bring your own chalk)  jukebox and pool table near the front.  Awesome back patio with baggo boards, table tennis, and wall hooky.  As well as a fire pit, TVs, two bars and plenty of seating.fyi - order wings or ribs on sunday and get entered to win a trip to vegas.  We won the package trip and it's not without a catch.... the airfare is 2 for 1 at regular price and the hotel package is sunday - thursday, the $500 in vegas chips is a coupon book to vegas.... so, while it's still super cool to win anything especially an excuse to go to vegas, it's not exactly a free trip to vegas.
1	This is a great bar to drink at, and all that. But, unfortunately customer service matters. 10 days ago the ATM stole $100 from me. It debited my account twice for the $100 but never dispensed my money. 1 transaction was automatically reversed, the second wasn't. The next day I called the number on the front of the ATM and was informed they no longer process the transactions. FOR 10 days I have been leaving messages (5 total) for the manager Scott, with not one call back. Twice in person and 3 times on the phone, I have explained that I am just trying to find out who owns the machine and I can take it up with them. After 10 days with no phone call back, it is obvious this establishment does not care about its customers, only the bottom line at the end of the night. I will be taking my business to the other fantastic bars in the neighborhood from now on, including Soul, Jackalope Jacks, and Whiskey Warehouse. Customer beware, pay with cash and don't use the ATM.
4	Thursday night here is hopping and bopping! It's a tight fit into the place but there's tons of stuff to do here! From the ping pong tables where my friend said he could totally pwn all the people there to the corn hole and various other games it was all super chill.The drinks here can get a bit expensive though. My friend had 2 margaritas and the tab came out to $25!! What?! I am kind of used to $6-10 margaritas. I went with the eternally girly Malibu bay breeze and it was fairly decent on pricing.This place is a cool place for chilling with your bros and girlfriends but I think I'd recommend pregaming at home or Common Market down the street before heading here and hitting up the games and keeping your drink orders to a minimum.
4	Thomas Street is so fun in the warmer months! They have a HUGE patio with ping pong tables, picnic tables and an outside bar. Sometimes they have a DJ or live music outside on busier nights. The staff is really hip and cool and it's a great place to hang out with friends and run into other peeps you know as well. I've only eaten here a couple times at lunch and the food is pretty good but I personally enjoy just hanging here for drinks. There are also other bars within walking distance so it's a great place to start a fun weekend night or get some sun on a Sunday Funday!Special tip: There are 3 restrooms inside the restaurant and 2 of them are typically designated for the ladies so the lines are always really quick for females, which is awesome! Also, the potty rooms have huge chalkboards on the wall so patrons have fun doodling notes to their friends and other random peeps who use the facilities. Totally random but FUN! Like the ladies need MORE things to do while in the restroom. ;)
3	Frat Boys and Hipsters. All are welcome. This is a hodgepodge or ridiculousness and it makes it that much more fun. Huge outdoor patio with Cornhole and Ping-Pong tables (if you can ever get to them) and an outdoor bar to keep your mind at ease. It does get crowded pretty much any day the weather is nice. And for some reason a random mosh pit/ dance party mix up has developed every time I have visited the patio... Not a complaint, just an observation. Cathy has always been at the patio bar when I have visited and always does a killer job. Food is standard bar fair. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but def a good place to drink and relax... or dance if you feel so inclined. Only downside are the bathrooms. Ill suffer with the bathrooms for the patio.
4	I love Thomas Street it's the  perfect place to enjoy a cocktail in the great outdoors.  They have a huge patio outside with heaters and firepits as well as an outdoor bar.  not to mention pingpong, cornhole, and more. The bartenders are always friendly and I always meet a bunch of friendly patrons.Food is above average for bar food and there are plenty of options to choose from even a few veggie options.  Overall just a great casual place to hang with some friends.
4	For stars for a great back patio! other than that it's a bar, and a big one. But yea, don't bother staying inside. Nothing wrong with the inside but it's like so many other bars out there. The patio on the other hand is special and worth your business.
2	Thomas Street is a cool looking place. It has two awesome patios, a smaller one out front and a HUGE one out back. It has a decent beer selection and well-stocked bar. The staff is really good, and even when it's jam-packed you won't have to wait too long to get a beer. The downside to Thomas Street (and it's a HUGE one) is that it's usually packed full of young frat boy, wannabe hipster bankers. Like, people who aren't hip enough for Snug Harbor, but are too cool for the clubs Uptown. If you can get a big enough crowd to "insulate" yourself from these morons, it's a good time. Otherwise, be prepared to be surrounded by d-bags.
4	Thomas Street Taven was one of the first bars I ever went to charlotte. It isuch an awesome place. After spending more time in Plaza Midwood, I started to experience this bar on different nights.  The atmosphere here is amazing. You have a bar inside with tv's, a foosball table, and a pool table.  During the week it begins to feel like cheers where the bartenders remember your name and your drink.  The bartenders actually are pretty cool down to earth people here. The outside section is where this bar shines.  There is plenty of seating with fire pits and another bar outside. They have a net enclosed ping pong area which is always fun trashed, cornhole, and the akward game where you have to get the ring on the hook. This mix of people here is great.  From locals, to hipsters, to college kids, and anyone else in between.  For me if you don't want to go to a club Thomas Street is always an amazing place to go.  There is so much fun things to do outside and the people watching is great.  The bar prices are not expensive at all and there are many other bars to hop to close by.  The food here is acceptable, but I would probably eat somewhere else if I could.  Though the atomsphere is what makes this place shine.
3	I really enjoy Thomas street.  It's a great laid back bar and place to chill and have fun. The courtyard is great during the summer and the fire pits near the back bar are great during the winter. I love playing ping pong and corn hole. Even when the bar is packed, you'd be surprised how short the wait is to play.  The food is decent as well as the service.
3	Perfect summertime spot...With that being said, I went here on a cold, windy, Wednesday evening in the middle of November...I met a few friends here for food and drinks on a weekday night recently.  The food was good, not great - standard bar fare.  I recommend the onion rings.  The ambiance on this weeknight was a bit dull and drab as I stated.  Its not that anything was WRONG, there was just something missing.  I soon remembered that every previous time I'd been to Thomas Street was during the spring or summer time.  I feel like the cold, weather def has a negative affect on TST.  This is probably because so much about this bar is predicated on its extensive outdoor patio set-up. I must admit, I feel somewhat bad about this review, because I have been here plenty of times on Summer nights and this place has been awesome in every way.  With that being said, its probably best to hibernate away from Thomas Street until the weather warms up a bit...
4	I always have such a good time here! The drinks are good and priced well. It's more than just a place to grab a drink they have food and games to keep you entertained and hanging out. This is a great place for a low key night out or a painting the town red night out.
3	Thomas Street Tavern seems to be a great Plaza-Midwood place for locals to gather. It has the typical bar/tavern feel - large oak bar, booths and tables all made of dark wood, plenty of TVs, and neon beer signs in abundance. Inside is fairly spacious and outside there is a large patio with ping pong and corn hole. The crowd is generally pretty mixed, younger and older.They have a decent beer selection and daily specials, and the food is pretty good, too. They do sandwiches, burgers, wings, and appetizers. Everything is fresh (food and beer), and service is consistent.Thomas Street Tavern is my go-to in the area for something laid back on a night out and is a great spot to round out the evening.
4	I've been to Thomas Street only to drink and hang out-once in the spring and again this past weekend.  I love the firepits and benches with heaters in the back patio.  I also think they have a great bar staff who knows how to handle a busy bar crowd and can get you with a drink in your hand quickly and efficiently.  I was a bit miffed when walking inside this past weekend based on my earlier experience at The Peculiar Rabbit (eyes rolling).....but the vibe at Thomas Street was good enough to put me back in a good mood.  Loved the foosball, too.
3	I'm not typically one to just head out to a bar and have a couple beers with friends. I'd most likely pick one of Charlotte's premier breweries or even a passable taproom/pub over any bar/watering hole in town. Buuuuuut....throw in a couple of ping pong tables and I'm hooked. I'll hold a paddle and slam backhands all night long, regardless of where it is, with a grin from ear to ear. Heck, if there were a pingpong table at my wife's nail salon I'd go every time. Thomas Street is a great dive-y bar to meet up with some friends for some sub-par grub and plenty of foamy brews. I've eaten here a few times and have always enjoyed a good greaser or hoagie. Hey Oh, heartburn! It's always worth it, though, isn't it? Best part about this joint is the back patio. Not much to shake a stick at in the winter time or if the sun isn't shining on a Saturday afternoon, but when it's right, this place is the crown jewel of hangouts on Thomas Ave. Cornhole, plenty of bench seats, tables, draughts outside, and many a lively 20-something enjoying it all the same. Again, ping pong tables? Count me in. Note: it can be rather difficult to nudge your way in line to grab a game. Kindly ask bro-ho du jour for next game and you should be good. Thomas Street Tavern is an easy go-to if you're in the Plaza area. A mix of entertainment and space make easy for a revisit.
4	Great neighborhood bar. I ordered a turkey burger with a side of fruit. Also, I had buffalo wings as my appetizer. My food was fresh and delicious. The service was a bit slow. I will return again.
4	My husband and I call this place our "clubhouse", equating it to the special places in the gated communities where some choose to live.  Thomas Street Tavern is one of the hubs of our neighborhood.  They make wonderful, fresh salads with plenty of dressing on the side.  Last time that I was there, my friend and I ordered the spinach artichoke dip.  So good.  Served with the right amount warm pita bread.  I have never been disappointed with their food.  The interior is just right for a neighborhood pub, and it features front door and back door outside spaces.  We have such good memories from years of hanging out at our neighborhood club house and can't imagine a better experience in a fancy-dancy exclusive community spot.
3	Great atmosphere to hang out the back patio.   Inside is what you would expect to find in any other bar.
3	I really like the patio with the outdoor bar, seating, and ping pong tables.  It would be great if the non-smoking laws that apply indoors, would carry over to the patio.  We all have to share the space and chain smokers significantly diminish the fresh air quality and appeal of the establishment.  I understand that it is outside, however the patio is a confined and dedicated space for ALL patrons. We should not have to be subjected to the decisions of the smokers.
5	I give Thomas Street a 5 star rating because it is one of my favorite bars and I've been coming in for years! I love it.
5	I have been going here for years. This used to be by far my all time favorite bars. Now that I live so close, and my parting ways have calmed a bit, I still come here for a good bite. (Sometimes a drink) I really like they have two bars. One inside and in the warm months an outside bar. They also have table tennis and plenty of outside seating. My favorite thing to eat is the french dip and pasta salad. The cuben aint so bad either. The nachos are darn good also. You really cannot go wrong with food here. All in all, a good place to hang out, get some drinks and bite to eat.
5	What isn't to love about Thomas Street? They have the best patio ever out back. The food is really good actually. But I love going there for the awesome drink specials and corn hole.
2	Have been here for drinks a couple times. Finally decided to try the food. After asking for a food menu and getting attitude we left for somewhere else. Sorry if our business was too much of a hassle for you.
4	Thomas Street Tavern has become my go-to Plaza Midwood bar -- great patio space, cheap drinks, outdoor games, interesting clientele, and solid bar food.  I didn't know they served food until last night, but man, what a pleasant surprise!  I was expecting the worst because---let's call a spade a spade---Thomas Street is a dive.The menu is as random as the clientele, but mostly consists of sandwiches.  I had the chili nachos, cheese fries, and BLT with fries (take your judgment elsewhere, it was my cheat meal).  It was all really delicious in the greasy bar food kind of way.  And it was all really cheap.  That being said, the service was kind of shitty.  There was one waitress for the entire patio and she was just so over it... or possibly on drugs.Like I said before, the clientele is interesting, which is both a good and bad thing.  Sometimes interesting means funny and cool; sometimes interesting means super hillbilly and creepy.  I find that you can generally avoid the latter type of interesting by staying in the patio/fire pit area, as they tend to congregate around the pool tables and outside bar.Also great for nights when you just don't feel like wearing big girl/boy pants.  Nobody here will think less of you for wearing sweatpants and flip flops.
5	Awesome place for a day drinking adventure or just a good, fun night!! Walking in, this can be extremely deceiving. It's dark wood and somewhat old school. But it has a pool table and some fun games with a small bar in the corner. Where the real fun comes is when you step out back. They have ping pong and corn hole as well as fire pits patio seating and a bar out back. Tons of TVs an they keep this back area pretty heated in the colder months  Overall this is a really cool bar. Locals are often found here as it is situation just outside of downtown. The area has tons of restaurants but Thomas street offers a full menu as well.  a must go if you live in Charlotte.
5	Oh Thomas street. How I love thee. My favorite bar, and for one reason and one reason only. The staff. They make regulars and strangers feel comfortable. Its my version of "cheers." Everybody knows your name. Pretty much my second home.
5	I have been going here for a solid 10 years. That makes me feel old. It also makes me feel like I am finally a real Charlottean to be able to say that. The Good:This is a true neighborhood bar. This isn't hipster. It will never be hipster. Thomas St is simply T St. It never changes much- even with the neighborhood changing. You can easily go there and see people from all different walks of life, ethnicity, age and income. The outdoor area really is the best in Charlotte. I dare you to find one that is more comfortable, welcoming, not pretentious and with a lot of plants (seriously Charlotte- so many outdoor areas here are not landscaped).  There are games galore and plenty of seating. Lots of heaters and fire pits. This is one of the best spots in the city to watch TV outside. One of my favorite days was watching a game outside under the patio while there was a storm. The Nachos can be really good (not always), the chicken fingers are highly recommended (especially the honey mustard), the king veggie burrito is a favorite with the vegetarians and the commonwealth roast beef is for the meat eaters.You can bring your dog!!! (do not walk him through the restaurant- there is usually a gate open in the back. Ask someone to open it if it isn't)They still have the same crappy Christmas decorations, there are always people willing to play pool (it is very communal- you don't own the table with your BFF- at Thomas St you share), the TV's are usually on mute because this isn't really sports bar. It is more like a neighborhood hang out.The Bad:T St is not consistent. You might go there and have really good food. The next time you go- meh. This used to be a fun place on a Saturday night. Now it is a during the week type of a place or during the day. The Friday and Saturday night crowd is really annoying. Think: part busses from University. It turns into a really awkward meat market. Avoid late night on weekend.The service can be bad. We accept this about T St. In fact, I'm sort of happy that it hasn't changed. Don't get me wrong- there are some really good servers who have been there for years. But there is also a "I don't care" attitude that happens. Don't take it personally. It is part of Thomas Street's charm and irritation. I personally love this place, but it isn't for everyone, nor should it be.
5	One of my absolute favorite bars/hangout spots of all time.  Love going to Thomas Street for the awesome atmosphere, good (cheap drinks) and the spacious entertaining back area.  They've got a pool table, ping pong table, heated areas for winter and an outside bar.  Gets kinda crowded on the weekends but that's usually why I try and go on the weeknights.  Definitely one of the more upscale places in plaza midwood.
4	By far some of the best joints! Must go if you're ever an out of towner or local. 2 Dedicated table tennis in a cage, a pool table, and a sand bag toss game! I've made great friends here, you will too. Salud!
5	I wish I could say I have had the food here but I always come late night. The bartenders are amazing and friendly. On the busiest nights I always feel taken care of. I especially love all the casual seating in the back. So much fun in the back with ping pong, ring toss, corn hole and casual conversation! A great meet up spot!
1	Walked in and ignored by both the bar tender and the server. When we got the server's attention and asked to be seated it seemed like we were interrupting her. We walked....
2	I don't understand covers at bars in general, but at crappy dive bars in Plaza Midwood? Next...
5	One of the most fun relaxing places in town I love it here!Great drinks and great food Excellent nachos !
4	This place was one of the most interesting bars I've been to! Went here on a Saturday evening and Sunday afternoon to provide you with an honest opinion... This place is hard to find.. If you are not a local or don't know one, you probably wouldn't know about this place since it is out of the tourist area.Food experience wise.. Saturday evening gets crowded and busy with a small selection of craft beer.  Ordered some chicken tenders tossed in buffalo with a side order of cheese tots!  The chicken tenders were definitely something I was looking for.. They give you a generous portion and do not over bread the chicken before they fry it.  The chicken was tender with every bite.  The cheese totz were good on Saturday night because they were crispy with enough sharp cheddar cheese.  Sunday afternoon the chicken tenders were just as satisfying as Saturday but the cheese totz were soggy and soft.. There was no crunch to it.. And the serving experience on Sunday was terrible.. I had to go find my waitress to order and find her to pay for my bill... Saturday night this gentleman provided my party and I with amazing service and was prompt.OK... Now what makes this bar so different.. In the back patio there are two tables of ping pong for guests to play, two "sink and hook" games, and 2 sets of corn hole games! Saturday night gets really busy so its hard to play corn hole or ping pong and on Sunday there was only one corn hole game out since there wasn't a high amount of requests for it.Overall, very chill and relaxing bar. Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to drink and play games with friends...
4	I went to the Tavern on a Friday night. They had a cover charge of $5 because of the band that was playing. There was a mixed crowd which is always a good thing. Everyone seemed friendly. The band was amazing! My friend and I had such a great time dancing. I had a couple beers, 4 shots of tequila, and an appetizer for about 36 bucks.  Our waiter was so hot and friendly. In the back, We had a couple good convos with our fellow smokers. Heard the have reggae night on Thursdays I will definitely be checking that out! The only thing that needed attention was the bathroom situation.
5	Still the best local neighborhood around. Any day of the week holds a decently great crowd. Hats off thomas..
4	I love this place. It's my go-to watering hole. I think ever major life decision was made in the back of Thomas Street Tavern while sitting around one of the fire pits. Such a local feel, with neighborhood kids of all ages (drinking age of course) and their dogs! Everyone is super friendly and there is normally a corn hole or ping pong game to jump in on. And that fun game with the sting and hook - what is that game??? I don't know but its hours of fun and conveniently located next to one of Thomas Streets two bars in the back area. You gotta love a bar that takes their live music seriously too - its always good. Its also a pretty rad lace for Sunday football. There aren't enough TVs to watch every game at once outside from one seat but I can't lie to you ... its kind of nice. It causes more banter and chat with soon to be close friends and lets be real - this whole NFL ticket thing is great but slow down! Remember our parents didn't have this luxury. Plus that ESPN app is pretty killer. BUT if you must see all 5 to 7 games from your seat go inside. That big ass screen and all the TVs lining the walls will suit your fancy just fine.
3	Your standard divey bar, but the outdoor area is complete with games! Bean Bag Toss, washers, and a place for live music. I was there mid-day and just had a drink and there were a handful of other patrons there. Id imagine it gets pretty busy especially in the summer.
5	Great beer selection good food fried okra is awesome.  Good local bar lots of character. Ping pong and cornhole in the outdoor patio.
5	I've lived in the QC on and off for about three years, and I can say hands-down that Thomas Street Tavern is my favorite bar in Charlotte!There is absolutely nothing to dislike about this place. Walk in and you get that old bar feel, with friendly bartenders to greet you on the right and a pool table on your left. Be sure to order an extremely affordable beer ($4.50 draught everyday!) for yourself. The taps rotate, but yesterday included the Triple-C IPA, Highland Gaelic Ale, Guiness Stout, Noda Midnight Madness, and more. After you choose a delicious craft brew, keep walking out back and you'll find another bar entirely, TWO Ping Pong tables, and a Cornhole set ready to rock. I spent the better part of last night holding down a table, which is exactly the confidence boost a struggling doctorate student needs every once in a while. All in all, terrific bar and I find myself coming back at least once whenever I visit home. I've never tried the food, though it always smells like fried heaven. Stay exactly the same, Thomas St Tavern!
4	Came here with a friend to watch the game and hang out for a bit.  It's in Plaza Midwood, so you can't really go wrong with that.  Drinks were good, bartender was cool, outside patio area was well heated (although they showed every game but the Panthers game).  All in all, not bad.
