5	Comfort food, Fabulous Menu...Open for breakfast, lunch and dinnerTLC...and honestly cannot fault anything in this restaurant as they are a welcome addition to this neighborhood desperately in need of not only super tasty, creative and affordably  food but also friendly and approachable staff.No attitude here...Just true professionals who want to please and delight you just as if they would welcome you into their own home. Soul Cafe is the offspring of the famed Hear and  Soul Cafe in Cave Creek...known for its notorious yet mega-delicious Suicide Stack (feeds 4;-) - which features 13 layers of downright goodness and awe inspiring taste bud sizzling sensations.Making my way thru the creative and varied menu, I have had so far the Breakfast BLT bagel and Eggs Benedict - Shall I say with humility and honesty that this is by far the most scrumptious eggs benedict that I have had in the Scottsdale area. Chef and Owner Sheila is a wizard in the kitchen and a lovely character with one goal and one goal only: to delight your palate with the best food in the neighborhood served by some of  the friendliest staff in the restaurant and hospitality business....Sorry, I cannnot remotely say the same about their competition across the street.Keep up the good work cause you will be seeing a lot more of me, and I am going to do everything I can to support you cause I love you lots already ! Yes, you made an awesome impression on me as it was love at first sight :-)P.S: Sheila also makes a "Bomb" tasting quiche which will revel your senses. Her scones are to die also. This is one of the most exciting restaurants to open in North Scottsdale in recent years. They serve the kind of food that I thought I could only dream of...right in tune with today's palate tastes and changing times...
1	I understand opening week of a new restaurant can be very trying and that they need time to smooth out the wrinkles.  BUT not to this extent.  Decided to try this new restaurant last week, I will never go back.  The food  and serve is better at Taco Bell.  No one should have to pay $30.00 a cover for poor attitude , poor food and poor serve. What a nightmare.
2	Pretty good food, but its overpriced.  The burger is big, but $13 is a bit much for a burger and fries.  The regular sandwiches come with plain potato chips, we were charged an extra $1 for fries with no warning.  Really?  An extra charge for fries with a chicken sandwich thats already $10... with no mention of the upcharge.Not sure why these 'neighborhood' places feel like they have to charge so dang much.Overall the food was pretty good, but too expensive.  Probably won't be back.  Maybe the next restaurant to move in there will be better.
5	Peggy and I are SOOOOOOOOOO excited that Sheila and Company have chosen the current location in which to open a second restaurant.  We have been going to Heart and Soul Cafe for years, and the quality of food, service, and atmosphere has been stellar. Sheila is an incredible chef and baker, and she has always delighted in creating new dishes and expanding on existing favorites.  It has a "Cheers" sort of atmosphere in that if you go back even for just a few times then you are part of the family....names and preferences are remembered.I can appreciate that some reviewers have been frustrated with glitches in the new location, but I would strongly encourage you to check this place out. We will be eating breakfast there within the hour...Dr. Bob
5	My husband and I have always been BIG fans of Heart & Soul Cafe so when the Soul Cafe opened last month we were THRILLED to be able to have a 2nd location to visit.The Soul Cafe is now our FAVORITE as it is more upscale yet very warm and cozy and we love the atmosphere that seemingly makes the food taste even better, if that is even possible? As the food has always been FABULOUS at Heart & Soul.Still with me, atmosphere enhances my dining experiences and the atmosphere that Chef Sheila has created at her new Soul Cafe is beyond wonderful.We have now had the opportunity to visit Soul Cafe 4 times this month and last night's meal is especially memorable for the delicious fried chicken and the amazing desserts.  Since we just got back from Charleston, SC earlier this month, we can honestly say that Chef Sheila's fried chicken rivals anything we have tasted in Charleston!!! (and that's saying a "mouthful" as Charleston rocks fried chicken!!!) Last night we decided to bring home our desserts as we were too full to eat them at the restaurant : my devils food chocolate cake with pecan caramel sauce and my husband's peach cobbler were OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS.  And we both had to share each other's dessert as we could not decide which we liked better!I cannot rave enough about the food, service and atmosphere. YOU WILL LOVE IT.And all this at a price that is too good to be true!What's not to love?!!!
5	Hands down the very best breakfast experience in all my years of living and dining in the valley !The best thing to happen in the Pinnacle Peak neighborhood in recent years. Forget JJ's, The Good Egg, and all those fake unfriendly places (I'll make one exception: my house) ...this is the REAL deal !Recommended must have breakfast items: Bacon blueberry pancakes, fitness frittata (yes, Chef Sheila succeeded in making me like a frittata...a miracle in my book)
5	This is the only place that I can go...where I can reconnect with living in general...I'll tell you why...this is owned by people who can cook and who care about feeding you the very best they can. Sheila is a goddess in the kitchen and I have rearely seen a more caring staff than her own....so blasphemy when I read the nasty reviews which truly don't belong here...There are many places that you can go to for breakfast. Trust me that as a foodie, this is the very best one you can go to...Bacon Blueberry pancakes...who would have thought of such as naughty yet delicious combination ???the best part is it doesn't stop there...Soul Cafe is open for lunch and dinner to.I keep updating my review yes...because I truly believe in this restaurant not only as a place to restore yourself, but to reconnect with yourself thru the deliciousness of its food.And no, I am not a shareholder, investor, family member. I am just a foodie, making my way thru the Soul Cafe menu and I am making great headways although I am stubbornly stuck on some favourites like the fitness frittata (even better with extra vegetables and a side of green chili)...Shame on me, I often get the fitness frittata with a single bacon blueberry pancake...just oh hum...to mess up my diet just a little but it's well worth it to me.Give this place a chance will you...you will be glad you did. This is one of the most creative menus I have seen in years in a casual cafe and Chef Sheila keeps reinventing herself daily, never too happy to sit on her laurels...
1	Was very excited to go to this new restaurant in my neighborhood......UGH   If you want bad/rude service this is your place!  Sat at the bar for 10 minutes (there were 5 people total at the bar) without anyone but the owner even making eye contact.  Owner was too busy filling her glass with wine to be bothered with a customer.  I asked to speak to the manager and of course the bartender was the manager.  I asked if they were under staffed and she said no why?  I said it would be a great location to open a bar and she said she would be with me in a few minutes.  A few minutes??  I sat there for 10 without even a wave.  The guy sitting next to me said you come there for the food not the service.  Is it too much to ask for both?  Dont bother!
4	This was our third Sunday in a row.  If the twins eat, they get an extra star and the twins love this place.  This is the kind of place you like having in your neighborhood.  It has great breakfast/brunch items.  I almost always order the italian frittata with light cheese.  The twins have eggs and they share a pancake.  The pancake is huge, the size of a dinner plate.  My hubby loves the jumbo wet burrito and they have been nice enough to drench it in red sauce instead of green.  Today, they even made it for him since they did not have it available.  Service can be a little sketchy, but I think they are trying to find the rhythm.  I am glad they are open and I will keep coming back for more brunches.
5	Had Christmas Eve breakfast with our neighbor, we enjoyed a great breakfast served by a friendly staff - will devotedly go back. I had spicy egg special with 3 different topping, red and green chili and pinto beans, yummy
4	my wife and her friends have been back twice and I have to share she loves the food!
3	This place was...all right. I'm not sure what they're looking to be. A ladies-who-lunch spot? (Pretty lucrative idea in this area.) A bar? (Huge Coors Light banner out front...wtf?)One thing for sure, the menu was bor -ing. Huge snooze. There's nothing wrong with classics but throw me for a loop once in a while! My boyfriend and I weren't very hungry, so we split the grilled veggie sandwich. Not sure why it's labeled as a veggie "burger" when it's grilled eggplant, onions, red peppers, tomatoes and provolone all stacked together. It was tasty, although there's no way anyone could eat it without a knife and fork, especially if they kept the chipotle mayo on--which we kept on the side. Their twist on fries was yummy: regular, purple and sweet potato chunks. Service was nice but I thought it took too long for one sandwich when there were only 2 other tables on the patio (one that had already eaten) and 2 inside.Nothing mind blowing, nothing terrible.
4	Tried this restaurant after church today and we will be going back. There is a large variety to choose from and I had many I wanted to try. Today I got a dish that was on the special menu- it was sort of an egg's benedict type meal. Very good. The side of potatoes was really good. I love that there were 4 or 5 different types of potatoes in it. My husband got the jumbo wet burrito. It was jumbo. We were very happy with the food and the service. Alex our server was great and we will ask for him again. Unfortunately there is no website. Why? The menu is identical to the Heart and Soul Cafe so why didn't they just call this the same and add the new address to their  website.
1	Don't go here....not even if you're curious.The first time I went I ordered a Arizona Steak and cheese. It was described as being on "French Bread". What I got for about 12 bucks was a big ball of "Mush" and a side of ruffled kind of chips that seemed like they were pulled from the bottom of the bag...and not much of em! There was no French Roll..it was a mish mash of tasteless slices of roast beef and a messy goo of cheese and topped with some kind of soft spongy sweet roll. I went back again thinking maybe something else would be better. I ordered a Grilled chicken sandwich that also comes fried. It wasn't bad but wasn't great. I wanted fries with it and got a mix of soggy sweet potato fries and average tasting regular fries. I didn't want a "mix" but wasn't sure what "mix" meant ...my bad for not asking. Listen, this sandwich was like 13 bucks or more with tip and all that...It wasn't very filling...I expect better bread on these sandwiches and better quality sides at these prices! I'm not even going to mention the service. It would take too long and I no longer have the energy to keep typing..thumbs down
4	We stumbled upon this gem for breakfast one day  and have gone back for dinner twice within a 10 day period!    The food is amazing.  The chef can truly create dishes where the flavors literally explode in your mouth.   The service Staff are very nice; you can tell they truly want you to have an enjoyable meal.  Scottsdale foodies....you must try this lovely restaurant.
5	SInce my previous review we have returned many times. We went for dinner and had a fantastic meal. The reason there is no web site is because the chef changes the menu frequently. I get it.I also finally tried the lunch menu and there are a bunch of good things to try. The cheese steak. The pastrami. The tuna. The salmon sandwich was UNBELIEVABLE. (it doesn't really need the bacon) There isn't anything I would not try again. With some lunch meals you get a cookie. (sometimes you have to ask) It is divine. It is chocolate chip, white chocolate chip and butterscotch chips all mixed in a dough. I'm telling you- this is a place to try. Regarding the picture below about your preferences taking the kitchen more time, you need to know that the chef does it all. She is the owner and chef. She personally makes sure everything goes out of the kitchen right. Also know that this is a new place and they are still working out service kinks.
5	My husband and I went for breakfast today . . . didn't even know it was reopened as Soul Cafe because the Harvest Cafe signage remains on the building??  Our meals were amazing!  I had the Chiliquiles with a delectable green chili sauce and lean pork over corn tortillas with eggs and cheese on top.  My husband had the blueberry bacon pancakes - huge and flavorful - blueberries and bacon galore! The breakfast menu was abundant including quite a few spicy dishes, which I love!Service and prices were good.  Will try for dinner soon!
5	We have been at Soul Cafe several times since this review and now visit regularly about once per week.  It is so nice to find a local restaurant where the chef is the owner and does most all the cooking.  This is an exceptional find. Delicious offerings for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Dinner menu varies depending on what ingredients that the chef/owner can find. Green chili breakfast selections are the best I've ever had. Flatbreads fresh and delightful. Service has been faultless. Oh, almost forgot the key lime pie. Mouthwatering! And only available if freshly prepared. And sometimes with a ginger snap cookie crust!  I am making this local restaurant my very favorite choice for myself, my wife, friends and family. Can't wait to taste her fried chicken next!  Reasonably priced, exotic drinks, nice decor, super easy parking. You won't be disappointed.P.S. We since had the fried chicken.  Excellent!  Reminds me of my mother's, and that's saying a lot!
1	I have been a big fan of this restaurant until this evening.  I had loved the fish and chips, but tonight the portion was measly and the chips were frozen fries instead of the waffle ones.  For the price, which I use to not mind because the food was exceptional was a rip off. Kids pizza was down right nasty.  Unfortunately, this neighborhood gem has turned into a huge disappointment.
5	Love this place! We need these kind of great businesses that put out great food with diverse  exploding flavors; and where the owner actually cares enough to come out from the kitchen and talk to the patrons so she can please. If you have a problem  { which can happen in any business, especially a small restaurant because sometimes people just don't show up!) I guarantee The owner ( Shiela ) wants to be aware, she'll make it right. Thanks Soul Cafe' for all your hard work and great breakfast ,lunch and definitely Dinner..... love the entertainment too!!!!
3	Loved the inside and ambiance. I ordered the white pizza which was alright. I had a hance to try the green chili which was alright as well. Service was decent and friendly. Prices were a little steep but being so far north they have to compensate I suppose!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant for comfort food. The buttermilk fried chicken is dee-lish. It's only $9.99 for eat all you can on Wednesday nights. I signed up for emails and now I see there are specials almost each night. I'm definitely going back and taking the family with me. My co-worker says the breakfasts are great so we are planning to eat there this weekend. How nice to have a great neighborhood restaurant we can just walk to!
4	Where do I start? First of all you must order anything with the green pork chile on it! Oh my. Last time we were in we ordered a tub of it to go home with us. It is fantastic and I could literally eat my way out of a bowl of it. Second of all the pumpkin pancakes are out of this world and I'm not normally a fan of pancakes, so that's saying a lot. We've always had great service every time we go. The wet burrito is to die for (and of course it's covered in the green pork chile). We have two 5 year old daughters and they are always treated well; the servers bring them special kid forks and coloring books with crayons. We highly recommend this place.
2	Interior is nice. Charming patio. Menu is nothing really unique.  I was disappointed that they only had regular coffee, no Americano's, not even an Espresso machine which seems odd this day and age for a "Cafe". For not looking to busy, service was pretty slow. The roast beef and pastrami sandwiches were good. Server was very nice, but seemed like they were having major issues with the cooks in back getting things done right and in timely manner. No water at tables and took ages for unripe tomatoes. What sandwich place doesn't have Dijon?
4	Hostess station seemed a bit overwhelmed this morning, but we were seated within a few minutes.  The young girl that took us to our table never muttered a word or made eye contact with either of us. A tad strange for a hostess and first person of contact in an establishment.  Our server came over after a few minutes and took our drink order.   We decided on the Wet Burrito and the Chilaquiles.  The pork green chile on my Chilaquiles was so hot I couldn't enjoy it and my over easy eggs were clear around the edges.  I've never had a bad meal here, today I was a little disappointed.  Our guests had the blueberry and bacon and lemon ricotta pancakes, always delicious and favorites of everyone.  The coffee rocks!  For anyone that likes their coffee leaded, this is the coffee for you!  Even though I had only a few bites of my meal I am definitely going to continue being a regular here, the vibe is chill and the food is awesome!
2	Two stars for effort.  Nice place and staff is friendly.  Food is bland and lacks inspiration . My wife ordered the Champagne Strawberry Chicken, which had literally no flavor.  Paying $18 for plain chicken in soupy orzo is not my idea of a nice meal.  I ordered the Mexaloaf, which tasted like the meat inside a chimichanga from a cheap Mexican restaurant  I am also pretty sure it hung out under the heat lamp for quite a while, as it was incredibly dry.  I don't think Soul Cafe will be around long.
5	Soul Cafe is one of my favorite places to eat.  When in town, I make sure to visit at least twice. Why? the food is phenomenal. It's home cooking with a twist, it's got Soul. Today, after a bad day, I stopped for breakfast,....at lunchtime. They were more than accommodating, the whipped up the best omelet + a heavenly biscuit. I was transported home to mom making something special knowing I had a bad day at school. At night, I love the trout, and I'm not a fish person, but its one of my favorites along with the martini's (always creative and fun)! The food lacks inspiration? NOT! I travel often to major cities and have the opportunity to try many things and the Soul Cafe still ranks on my top to go foodie list ;)
2	I have been to Soul Cafe a couple of times -- only for breakfast -- and I have to say that it's ok. The reason (and yes, it is the ONLY reason) I keep coming back is for the pancakes. Yes. I really love the pancakes. My father really loves the bacon and blueberry pancakes. So if we want pancakes, it's over to Soul Cafe. I have, however, ordered other things for breakfast and nothing stacks up (pardon the pun). The food is surprisingly bland.  I'm not sure why, but everything that I have ordered has been meh. I really expect more from the location and the menu, but I keep getting bland bland bland which is why I now only order the pancakes.The other reviewers aren't kidding either with the hit or miss service. This last time was the best service I have had and the server told me I "wasn't allowed" to substitute pancakes on my daughter's kid's meal (even though I have done that every time I've been there), ended up getting her meal wrong anyway and it only took about 30 minutes for our food to come (it was not packed)I have always found the staff to be nice enough, but be prepared for disappearing servers (no, I mean seriously... where do they go? This has happened more than once) and a long wait between ordering and service.
5	Well, I just found my new favorite breakfast spot in Scottsdale. The food I ordered this morning was the opposite of bland, actually bursting with flavor. It was like layers of tasty goodness. On top of that, the tables, bathrooms and floors were clean. Also no grime on the syrup bottles or silverware. Add a fun and on the ball waitress Sherry and you got a home run. What more can you ask for? This place deserves a 5 Star rating, it has a fun feel. Only wish we could have met the owner, there's always next time.
5	I really wanted to take the time to review this place as I really enjoyed it and the fact that I used to Yelp to find it. It was my first time at this restaurant as I was visiting Scottsdale for the weekend, from Santa Barbara, CA. My friend and I stopped in on a Saturday morning for breakfast. We sat outside and enjoyed a mimosa while our service was prompt and courteous. There weren't many people there and our food came out quickly. I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and subbed scrambled eggs for the bacon/sausage it came with. The eggs were perfectly moist and delicious, unlike some places I've been where dry, over-scrambled, tasteless eggs are the norm. The pancakes were amazing! I loved the creamy dollops of ricotta cheese and lemon curd throughout. The only thing I would suggest is to make them a little smaller. It comes with 2 plate fitting pancakes. They could probably do 3 smallish ones and it be enough food; they are definitely filling. I just felt bad because I couldn't eat them all and it seemed like a waste to throw the rest away. Aside from that, bravo! If I ever venture back to Scottsdale, I'll happily visit here again!
2	First time trying Soul Cafe for breakfast.  Service was very poor as it took 45 minutes for my kids food to come and another 10 for mine.  Everyone on the patio was waiting similar times.  Food was mediocre at best.  Bacon in the blueberry bacon pancakes was undercooked and sparse with a side of cold eggs.   The  biscuits and gravy were fair.  The chicken fried steak was fine. If you are looking for a good breakfast I would recommend JJ's nearby or Over Easy on bell.
5	Best breakfast in North Scottsdale!
3	Decent breakfast. Bacon blueberry pancakes are good.  Biscuits with sausage  very good. Chilaquilles so so. Coffee and service ok.
5	From the moment I walked into this joint my heart sank!! I have found my soulmate brunch spot.  Before I came in, I perused the menu and fell in love with the amazing brunch food variety.  AND THEN BOOM, I had no idea they would have a menu of specials when I got there.  I had the Cherry Almond pancakes, HUMONGO (HUGE)!!! Super DELICIOUS and surprisingly sweet enough that I didn't need syrup.  Magnifique!! The decor is great and the staff friendly.  I can't wait to go BACK!!
2	Food was great but the service was terrible.My friend and I sat for 15 solid minutes waiting for recognition.I finally asked the hostess to send someone over to clean our table and perhaps offer us water and coffee.When the waiter finally came over, it kept going downhill.No refills offered on coffee.Forgetting to put our order in.Orders coming out at different times.Everything took forever.I live in Scottsdale and will head back to The General Store for coffee.Best service up here, hands down.
4	Good restaurant overall. Breakfast is there best meal. Thankful they are in our neighborhood.
3	I have been here twice for dinner. The first time was great and though expensive, I probably would have given it four to five stars based on how good my dinner was that night (scallops and dirty rice). I recently went on a Saturday night with a large group of people however and had a bad enough experience that I won't be back. About half of our party thought their food was 'ok' (including me). The other half said it was good. The other problem was the ridiculously blaring music in this tiny place. You couldn't hear each other talk despite yelling and this is in an expensive restaurant! We complained and were told it is music night and they have a dance floor. Well the place was about 25% full and no one ever danced. Maybe if they turned down the music they would get more customers on a Saturday night. I won't be one of them though! I would have given it a 4-5 on first visit and a 2 on second so it's now a 3.
4	Just visiting the area this week...the restaurant was just around the corner from where we stayed.  I had the roasted veggie omelet.   It came with a mixture of different types of potatoes and 9 grain toast.   Delicious!  I couldn't finish it.  The toast could have been crispier.  We did have to wait for our server at times....didn't understand that as there were very few customers. Very clean restaurant.
5	I come here for breakfast every weekend, Pancakes are giant, fluffy and amazing. Try the corn beef hash too. Great!
3	Food is great!!!! Ambience is terrific....but food took forever to come out...wasn't too busy and we shared one plate to order...had to box it when it came out and leave. Bummed.
4	WOW!!  Its about time a unique and delicious restaurant moves up in our area!  I mean there are many wonderful restaurants up here that are great.....but....Soul Cafe has great, fresh, food with reasonable prices, and they offer a very unique menu that we love! The menu they offer is very special and different from most, the salads sound fantastic!  My husband and I have been to this restaurant 3x's this week.  2x for breakfast and tonight for WEDNESDAYS FRIED CHICKEN!  It was amazing.  Of course I ordered the country gravy on the side....but I could not resist using most all of it!  And its ALL YOU CAN EAT....the portions were large, so neither of us could possibly ask for 2nd's! We enjoyed every bite!   Breakfast is also amazing!  The pancakes are so light and fluffy.  My husbands favorite was the burrito, it was huge and he ate it all up!  My son-in-law ordered their famous BLOODY MARY....and is was the most unique yet outrageous bloody mary I have ever seen or tasted.  I tasted his and had a hard time giving it back!  I would have ordered my own...but normally I never really go for a bloody mary!  go figure....delicious!  To top it off, the staff offers excellent customer service and the Chef herself has been out every time we have been there making sure everyone is delighted with her food!  I can't wait to go back and try out the salads!  I noticed the price point on the salads is also excellent!  I am already thinking about which salad I should try first!  They are all up my ally!  Kale and beets.....or the WEDGE.....or....hum...yum!   I highly recommend this restaurant as it offers something most restaurants don't.....a very unique menu!
3	I've been here twice.  My first experience was awful.  After being seated for 15 minutes and having at least 5 different servers all make eye contact with us as they were tending to people who had been seated after us, my husband, daughter and I walked out.The second time we went, the service was only marginally better.  The server was okay, but only good enough to get a "c" grade.  Never once did she or anyone else even ask how our food was once delivered.  She made it seem like we were an unwanted obligation.  I will say that the food is truly amazing.  The green chile pork is wonderful and the have the best mimosas I've ever drank.  There are so many items in the menu that I'm excited to try but only if the level of service improves--it definitely sets a negative tone for the entire meal.Can good food be ruined by bad service? Without a doubt!!! I will give this place one last shot and hope that the third time I a charm.
5	We LOVE this place. Found it by accident on afternoon and have returned 3 times in the past 3 weeks. Large portions of delicious appetizers and main dishes. Tried the seasonal dessert "death by pumpkin" ...Awesome. 4 people could easily share this dessert.Found our service attentive without being bothersome. Other than $$$$ restaurants this is #1 in our books.
5	I'm not a breakfast person but when I came to visit my sister to Arizona she brought me here and I so love their breakfast menu. I just order some meals with out the eggs and it's the perfect plate for me. For those who love eggs would be A++. Oh and don't forget the pancakes, this another thing I don't like but here I love the huge apple pancakes they are to die for. Very delicious!! This is my favorite place to come have a tasty breakfast and I know this cafe has way more to offer.
4	The breakfast menu is fantastic. I have yet to have anything from it that wasn't just super yummy. My husband loves,loves,loves their buttermilk fried chicken from the dinner menu. On weds they have all you can eat chicken dinner for $9.95 but you have to have reservations that night or you will never get in.
5	We have been coming to the Soul Cafe and its sister location Heart & Soul Cafe on Carefree Hwy for years. This is my first review of the location on Pinnacle Peak. The service has always been great with a sense of familiarity and attention that makes you feel like they value their customers. The quality of the food is very high, with fresh ingredients that are prepared with tasty seasoning and cooked to order. Today I had the heavenly hash for brunch, which includes a variety of veggies (diff types of potatoes, squash, asparagus and peppers) along with bacon bits, tenderloin pieces, all topped with 2 eggs, a spicy gravy and your choice of English muffin or toast. Delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Great menu selection. Different than the ordinary traditional choices.I had to try the seasoned meatloaf wrapped in bacon... YumFrom others at our table I tasted the buttermilk chicken breast and the salmon - both were excellent. Can't wait to go back and have breakfast someday.
4	I had a massive plate of blueberry and bacon pancakes - a delicious mix of salty and sweet maple syrup with crispy edges and chewy center. Eggs over easy and marble rye toast were well prepared. Beautiful interior and friendly staff.
4	Hands down the best pancakes I've ever had! I tried the bacon blueberry pancake and the lemon ricotta pancake. Both very delicious and cant go wrong with either. Flavors were spot on. My wife tried the B.S. Omelet and it was the lightest omelet I've ever experienced. Most seem very heavy with the amount of ingredients they have in them. But this was fresh and light but fulfilling. The service was great also. Waiter was friendly, funny and knowledgable of the good. Recommend this place to anyone.
5	The gin martini at Soul Cafe made by Sean is by far the best in the valley. A must visit!
5	I have always reserved multiple Yelps of the same place for occasions when I think that the service and food has remained at the same level or better than the original shout-out.   It has been a bit over two years that Peg and I first went to this location, shortly after it opened.  We had been going to Heart and Soul (the original mother ship) for years and were thrilled that Sheila et al were coming to the 'hood. Since that time, we have been going minimally 3 times a month (breakfast and dinner).This last Wednesday, one of our regular nights, we again were enjoying the fried chicken special. This special has been incredibly popular, for good reason, because of the ongoing, consistent great food, service, and fantastic price. While this special is incredibly under priced, the remainder of the menu is very reasonable and worth every penny.  We have been pleased to take first-timers who are now supporters. It is like introducing good friends. If you have seen (or can find the episode) of  Check Arizona in which three people critique restaurants, it will not surprise you that Soul received excellent reviews. Chef Sheila was interviewed by Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives (via Guy Fieri and The Food Network). Breakfast and lunch are served daily with dinners on Tuesdays through Saturdays. I strongly recommend that you try this place...and support our local talent.  This is one of our top 5 for breakfast, and dinner as well. While not in the area for lunch...the other meals are stellar....why would lunch be an exception?!Dr. B
5	I rarely give a 5 star Yelp.  Never to a restaurant.  Never say never.When we came out of Soul Cafe, DH turned to me and said: "You need to Yelp the hell out of this place."  He meant that in a good way.  I know this, because during his meal, he also used words like: "exceptional", "awesome", "5 star", and "when do you want to come back?"  I wasn't able to answer, because I was in the middle of a foodgasm.Decor: Urban, elegant, warm.  Scottsdale-y, as to be expected.  Love the artwork on the walls.  Music was excellent selection, not so loud we could not easily converse.Service: Excellent.  From the smiling and immediate greeting at the door to our server, Dereck.  Dereck was warm, professional and well-informed on wine and menu.  The only worble---ONLY---in the meal was that our appetizer and salads came out at the same time.  We did not like this.  Might have brought rating down a star if there had been further issues collectively, but there weren't, and happily, the pretzel nubs were a perfect accompaniment to the fresh fruitiness of the salad.Food: DH and I started with glasses of wine.  I got the La Merika Pinot (yum!) and DH was thrilled to see on the list one of his favorites, a Crusher Merlot.  They also offer a comprehensive selection of specialty cocktails, but we were drinking wine before we arrived and chose not to venture from that.  We ordered the pretzel nubs appetizer with a jalapeno cream sauce and a spicy mustard.  When Dereck came to tell us the nubs would be up in a moment is when we gave him the rest of our dinner order: a shared black kale, orange & avocado salad with orange vinaigrette and DH ordered the Roast Pork Loin with Jalapeno-Bacon Risotto and I ordered the Pork Belly with Chipotle Grits.  Despite the staggered order times, the appetizer and salad came out together.  Dereck apologized and offered to take the salads back to the chiller.  We said never mind, but DH asked to please be sure our entrees were not served until we were done with our salads.  Pretzel nubs were super hot, dough-y, salty, browned bits of goodness with yummy sauces to dip in.  I really loved the salad---which, btw, they divided before bringing to the table.  DH wasn't sure he liked the black kale, but he loved the rest, in particular the dressing.  And it just so turned out the the hot salty yeastiness of the nubs was a lovely counterpoint to the crisp, fruity coolness of the salad.  But even so...Our demolished plates of pretzel nubs and salads were carried away and with about a minute breather, our entrees arrived.  DH was ecstatic over his.  He said it was the possibly the best restaurant meal he has had in Arizona.  The pork was soft and silky and perfectly cooked with this lovely herb-y crust, the slices resting on a precisely executed risotto that was sparky with touches of heat and bacon-y bliss.  My pork belly and grits---well, what's not fabulous about slabs of beautifully roasted bacon prettily arranged on a bed of golden grits?  The meat melted in my mouth.  If I want to nit-pick, I could say that while the grits had a lovely chipotle flavor throughout, I might have enjoyed more overall heat, but I know that's a preference and a chef can't alienate a restaurant of diners by making the food too spicy for the general tastebud.  But what I did like was there were little flashes of heat, so I'd be nibbling along and all the sudden---ZIP!  Mine was a "smaller plate" and DH's a regular sized entree, we had enough portion of each left to bring home.  Though we were too full for dessert, Dereck was kind enough to describe them to us so we could drool vicariously.  And, as DH said, "Maybe next time I'll have the Soul Cookie Sundae as my first course."We have been looking for our dedicated "go-to" restaurant and Soul Cafe may be it.  We'll see how our next visit goes---if we get the same fabulous food and service, they better mark a table with our name on it!  According to Dereck, Chef changes the menu every few days according to what is fresh and available, so we'll never get bored.  It's close to our house.  Oh, I hope this works out.  And, I understand it's related to Heart and Soul Cafe on Carefree Highway, which offers elevated diner food---comforting, but one step beyond.  Therefore, the creativity and excellent execution of the Soul Cafe menu is no surprise.  So this is my first 5 star restaurant review.  Thank you for a lovely evening, Soul Cafe.
4	Came on a Sunday at 11am and by noon still no food. My thoughts are if you are open for breakfast then have an adequate number of cooks and servers or food runners available. Sat at bar and witnessed multiple people complaining that shared our fate, some asking for a manager that never showed. Sad part is food is great but service,even though friendly, leaves a lot to be desired. Oh and did I mention that my wife, after am hour wait received the wrong order? No correction was offered outside of "they must be out of it".Update- they did apologize and poured my wife a mimosa and comped her breakfast order. That being said the pancakes were amazing even though not what we ordered :-). My tres locos was outstanding as well.
5	A long time customer, having migrated with Sheila and John from the initial Carefree Highway location, I am delighted that this once small restaurant has blossomed into the ultra-successful neighborhood jewel that we see today.  At first I was skeptical of the relocation; on her signature Wednesday buttermilk chicken night, we'd see six or seven tables and maybe a few folks at the bar.  Fast forward to last Wednesday: we arrived a little after 5 and John apologized saying they were totally booked until after eight o'clock.  The bar was full.  It happens that John was able to put us in a table in the bar, which area we normally avoid.  However our bartender/server Vince, and alter ego Conor, redefined great service.  The servers here are all terrific, but these guys were something else.  Utterly attentive, accurate with our orders and congenial to a fault, they made us feel as though we were the only guests in the crowded bar.  Of course Sheila's mastery of all things edible causes people to return again and again.  And it's become more classy and intimate as time goes on.  But I think what makes Soul Cafe the great restaurant it is today is more than that.  It's people like John and Vince and Conor that make the place special.  I look forward to greater success in the future and I'll be sure to make a reservation on our next visit.
4	We have now been here three times and each time the food has been very good.The menu offers some very interesting and traditional items....but they are all served with a little bit of a twist.  We have never been disappointed.  The ambiance is great...very eclectic, which is very fun and relaxing.  The staff knows the menus, which is always a plus.  This will also be a great place to take out of town guests for something different.
4	Come here all the time, they have an actual chef who makes all the meals everyday, all week whose fantastic. Everything's always really great and fresh tasting. The staff I've dealt with are great 98% of the time (I've only had one sever one time who was just plain odd and incompetent but haven't seem him back here since, everyone else is wonderful and knowledgable) I had one incident where they ran out of the meal i ordered after i waited an hour for it (they were VERY busy in their defense) but the chef really made it more than right by covering all our drinks for the night AND gave us a $50 gift card (she couldn't cover the tab because someone in our group had already paid for the meal and had to leave)  It can get a little loud with the live bands on the weekends but nothing worth taking a star away for. I would definitely recommend it, especially the mexaloaf, its addicting though so you've been warned!
1	Major, major screw-up and no explanation given.  On a busy night we waited 1 hour and 45 minutes for our food, talked to our server twice and the manager twice. The 2nd manager conversation (after 1 1/2 hours) was "if you give me 15 minutes I will have your food".  After waiting an additional 20 minutes we still did not have food.  The manager offered $50 comp cards but were of no value or interest as all of us were from out of town.
1	Upon making a reservation for Mardi Gras, we arrived on time and waited for 2 hours for our food. The waitress did not answer to our needs. The manager said they had run out of rice. They continued to state our food was coming out while other parties came, ordered, ate and left. Their only attempt at compensation was a bottle of wine. We never received our food. We will never go back.
5	Fantastic service and even better breakfast!  Unique menu items. I had the lemon ricotta pancakes and they were awesome!
5	This restaurant is fantastic!  The portions are very generous for both the kid and adult meals.  Their Bacon and Egg spinach salad was delicious.  Their fried chicken was very moist and tender and their mashed potatoes very creamy and flavorful.  The chicken tenders for children is the same recipe as the fried chicken. The pomme frites were very crispy.  The Mac and cheese on the kid's menu was also very good,  with abundant cheese sauce.  We are from Denver and will definitely return the next time we are visiting Scottsdale.
5	The Soul Cafe has a variety of very unique menu selections, including bacon pancakes.  I for one have never had them but, they do sound interesting.  I usually just get pancakes; either the apple or the blueberry.  The pancakes are huge and delicious!  However, I've also had some of their omelets, which are also extremely delicious. Ive been coming here for a few weeks now and have only great things to say about them.  I highly recommend the Soul Care to anyone who likes breakfast food!
5	I absolutely love this place! Have been for both lunch and breakfast and both were amazing! I can't wait to go for dinner! Rumor has it their fried chicken is incredible...Can't wait to try it! I love that the food is common comfort food, but done in a fun and refreshing way! The servers here are so friendly! Have not had a bad experience at all!
4	My girlfriends and I wanted a new place for happy hour and tried Soul Cafe.  Only alcoholic drinks were offered during happy hour.  We decided to order from the menu.  Atmosphere is nice, food is tasty and service was good.  Our server was very attentive and friendly.  We ordered mac and cheese with lobster, salmon tacos and a salad.  All were yummy.   We wanted something to munch while we were waiting.  They charged us for a few pieces of french bread....really??I do wish they offered tapas or happy hour deals because there were a number of items I would have liked to try.
3	I have a love hate relationship with Soul Cafe. The food, when you finally get it, is excellent. My wife and I love everything we've ever ordered from here. The servers are all very nice and attentive.  So please go to this restaurant as you won't regret it from a culinary point of view. Why no 5 stars, you ask?  Because of the delay in getting your food from the kitchen. And nothing more than multiple apologies and coffee refills with no adjustment to the bill. Two weeks ago my wife and I went for dinner. 30 minutes after ordering we were informed that of all coincidences another waiter put in the exact same order from another 2 top, which confused the kitchen and cancelled our order. Apology, apology....and 30 minutes later we get our food. We return last Sunday for brunch. 30 minutes after ordering we are informed that the computers went down, they lost 6 orders, and alas, our order was one of the lost orders. Apology, apology.... and 30 minutes later we finally get our food.  When I finally get the food, I had bacon instead of sausage. I informed the server who started to grab the entire plate. I quickly told him how long I waited and if he wanted the bacon he could take it, but by no means was he taking the rest of my food. I wonder what creative explanation we will get the next time? I just don't understand what's going on with the kitchen, but we are going to take a break from Soul Cafe for awhile to give them a chance to work things out. Or at least come up with more excuses for late food.
4	Well, my favorite breakfast place just joined the mundane!  The quality and service still remain, but my favorite part of eating there, the weekend menu of surprise breakfast dishes is dead, the new menu is just like other breakfast places.  Please bring back the weekend imagination!
4	Bookmarked this place to try back in August 2013...  Cousin and I wanted to beat Easter weekend rush and went early, around 830a, but we shouldn't have worried.  SC is very spacious- I was expecting maybe 2/3 the indoor space, not including the large wrap-around patio seating (!!).  Really liked the dark-colored indoor furnishings, as well as those in the patio.  Service was friendly and attentive- we like that.  Cousin really appreciated that Sherry was not the hovering and talkative type.  I don't mind more conversation IF I initiate it, such as when I would like menu suggestions, in case I return; some background story on the establishment; or what the server could add to our meal observations, and not just simply repeating what we just said.  What I missed from conversing with Sherry, I received from Sheehan (?), when she came to top off my coffee; She reminded me of Parminder Nagra- so pretty!  I think I have found a rare breakfast place for me, where the menu has a nice balance of savory and sweet choices I can choose from.  Having tried all four types of pancakes and the awesome Chicken-fried Steak and Eggs AND enjoying all of them, I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.The Granola raspberry pancakes took hold of cousin's attention and she just had to order them, but I couldn't decide between what I really wanted, the Lemon ricotta, and the Bacon blue (blueberries!), so thank goodness Sherry posed the question "Why not have one of each?"  What??  We can mix-and-match pancake choices?  Sign me up then! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soul-cafe-scottsdale?select=atgnWuPWIgdUVduv0ZKl0A#atgnWuPWIgdUVduv0ZKl0A  Hearing this option, cousin amended her order and asked to have one of the Applelicious pancakes, as well. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soul-cafe-scottsdale?select=AYnpLejZCAF9bY_cPdgdzg#AYnpLejZCAF9bY_cPdgdzg  I LOVE the textures of the pancakes here- how a mouthful can be crunchy, chewy, AND fluffy at the same time.  Oh, how can one not be amazed at the sizes of these cakes?!  They literally were as big as the plates they arrived on (and bigger than either of our heads)!  It's a great thing we could mix and match our choices, since cousin enjoyed the Applelicious more than the raspberry (only because the berries' seeds annoy her very much; she adored the granola), and I actually favored the Lemon ricotta best.  What were our faves and least fave?Cousin- From fave to least fave: Apple; Razz; Blue; Lemon Me- Lemon-ricotta (loved the cheese dollops!; be warned, preserved lemon rinds plentiful in this cake); Razz; Blue; Apple (did not impress me at all)Be sure to carry your own 100% organic maple syrup, as Soul Cafe stocks up on artificial maple syrup (not warmed up, btw), as well as sells a mini-bottle of conventional pure maple syrup for $2.19 (I think that was the quoted price).  Cousin tried the house syrup and said it was OK.And what about the Chicken-fried steak and eggs, you say?  Oh. My. Goodness, what a great entree!  First, it's rare to see 1. multi-colored potatoes on the plate, much less have them 2. perfectly roasted, and 3. taste spectacular without being over-seasoned.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soul-cafe-scottsdale?select=El4RNHqGiXe9TcrWz1p1oQ#El4RNHqGiXe9TcrWz1p1oQ  So what if the first roasted purple potato chunk oozed (olive?) oil when I picked it up with my fingers?  Most of the oil landed on the plate, and not in my mouth- good for me.  Oh, but how perfectly-buttered it tasted and how wonderful it felt to bite into it as I heard, and felt, the skin crunch and give way to the caramelized starchy goodness underneath!  The steak was juicy, the batter crispy (never turned soggy), the creamy gravy made w/ roux- all perfectly seasoned!With months of hot weather coming and SC only 7 miles/10 minutes' drive away, I know I'll be returning often if the rest of the menu selections, as well as the good service, continue to impress.  Heck, if SC wasn't closed for the rest of Easter Sunday, I'd be taking my Mom here for dinner tonight once I pick her up from the airport.  I can't wait to treat her to breakfast here in a few days!FYI, I had regular coffee (regular and decaf are the only selections on the menu), and it was strong and just what I needed, while cousin ordered hot cocoa, which smelled like the powdered mix variety to me- Carnation, or Swiss Miss?  Unlimited coffee refills.  SC has been around for 4 years, if I recall correctly- I hope the owners invest in a cappuccino maker soon.  With such a varied and ample food menu selection available, I was surprised that this "cafe" didn't offer any gourmet coffees.
3	Returned for my second visit yesterday.  After some indecision as to where I was going to sit (outside, or in?), I first asked to be seated outdoors, because soon the weather will be too warm to do so, but the noise from passing motorcycles made me want to move indoors.  Besides, it smelled great inside!  Crystal sat me at one of the tables near the entrance, by some windows (like I wanted), next to the bar.I immediately noticed that the multi-page menu was replaced by a double-sided one sheet menu, and I especially noted the increase in prices!  And they weren't 50 cents here, $1 there, either.  The same two pancake dishes that cost $9.99 four days ago were now $11.99, and the Chicken-friend Steak & Eggs that cost me $10.99 then now costs $14.99.  What was going on??  I figured if a place was going to significantly raise their prices, then there would be a jolt, no matter if it happened the day after I first visited, or just yesterday morning...I had just checked-in with the Yelp app when Crystal delivered the cup of coffee I'd ordered and gave me a few minutes to look at the menu.  I placed my order of pancakes, mix-and-match of Lemon-ricotta and Granola-raspberry, and the Crazy Biscuits.  When Crystal left to input the order, I noticed that their Two-Good-Two-Be-True entree (two pancakes of your choice, "but not Bacon Blue," two eggs your way, and two sausage links, or bacon strips) would've only cost me an extra $1.  I quickly thought that I probably would not have wanted the eggs anyway, since I had two entrees coming, but it would've been a good chance for Crystal to upsell... It took about ten to fifteen minutes to receive my food, and were they lovely to look at!  I wondered, however, why the lemon-ricotta pancake was presented to me upside-down, especially since it was the topper to the two-pancake dish.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soul-cafe-scottsdale?select=CMd7lJGfGp8YdWFJn6TTkw#CMd7lJGfGp8YdWFJn6TTkw  I understand that the scoops of ricotta looked lovely this way and probably would've gotten destroyed if flipped right-side up...  Tasted just as amazing yesterday as when I first had it four days ago!  Same results with the Granola-raspberry... Just wished the price hadn't increased so much... why??The Crazy Biscuits were delightful, as well.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soul-cafe-scottsdale?select=L34DPTxzCgE3Z8OYDy2Kaw#L34DPTxzCgE3Z8OYDy2Kaw  The green chili pork topper blew the sausage gravy away, so I suggest you try the pork gravy first before moving onto the chili pork.  Actually, what I suggest it that Soul Cafe just re-vamp this dish to be a split biscuit topped with green chili pork, and save the pork sausage gravy for the Chicken-fried steak & eggs entree.Service was a bit lacking, and I was told that it was due to another server not showing up for work.  It was an hour before my cup of coffee was refilled, and that was after I requested for one and had to wait another ten minutes for Crystal to do so.  I saw many more people come in for breakfast yesterday, and there were not enough servers to deal with the influx of people.  Three stars' rating only for this visit, and that's because of the increase in pricing and the waiting for a refill-- I saw other servers walking around that could've come by refilling coffee...It was half a day later, when I perused through my DVR titles that I noticed Soul Cafe was featured on the latest episode of "Check Please! Arizona."  The mystery of the increase in prices explained!!  I fell asleep after watching the first episode I had taped (CPH, Sofrita).  Guess I'll watch all about Soul Cafe's bacon dishes and drinks tonight.Congrats on being featured on the show, Soul Cafe.  I just hope that the increase in prices will allow you to up your customer service quality to meet the demands of your new-found fame.
3	I have been here at least a dozen times for brunch and while it started off with me loving this place, it has gradually gone downhill. The last few times I seem to get stuck with the same server who should not be in the service industry. She is flat out rude when you ask for things and today when we asked why our food took almost a hour to come out, she abruptly told us "it's a Sunday. The busiest day for brunch". We realized its a Sunday (thank you, Captain Obvious) and had made reservations. The tables who were sat around us were served first, even though we were sat well before. I honestly think she forgot to put our order in. No apologies for the delay and no updates, just "it's a Sunday". She might as well have said "deal with it". Also, they used to have mini cinnamon rolls and scones on the menu for appetizers but have stopped that- really disappointing because they were delicious! The food is good here and they have amazing pancakes but the juice is not fresh squeezed and their water tastes bad. With so many great brunch places around, I can easily find another place to go, with better service.
2	The Soul Cafe is trying, but unfortunately they are not yet succeeding.What they appear to be trying to be is a fine dining experience with a casual atmosphere and an interesting menu that leans towards comfort food.  The prices reflect this, but there are problems with every aspect of the restaurant.1.  Ambiance - the Soul Cafe is new, clean, and attractive.  The tables, however, especially in the main area, are extremely close together.  They have put a small band (2 players) and a tiny dance floor in the middle of the space.  When there is music, it is very loud in parts of the restaurant and virtually inaudible elsewhere.  Where it is loud people try to talk over the music and the result is a very noisy eating environment.  Whatsmore, the music consists of standard ballads and is just a touch better than the piped-in variety2.  Service - they didn't have our reservation, so I showed them the e-mail confirmation.  "Oh", they said "Open Table - we have trouble with them."  I noted that it was their choice to put Open Table on their website.  The response was to put us on the list of people without reservations - at the bottom of the list.  We had to call the manager to even get a table.  Once we did, the waitress was formally polite but generally uncaring and inattentive (for example, no water; did not replace our used silverware after the appetiser; generally nowhere in sight).All of this might have been overlooked were in not for #3.3.  Food - the menu is interesting but the execution is ... well, it's poor.  For example, the trout was totally unseasoned and bland.  Someone had made the shrimp-wrapped bacon by slapping a piece of bacon on a shrimp and burning it -- no sauce, no flavor -- could have been done by a five-year old.  The flatbread was soggy, the cheese was tasteless, the pepperoni was tasteless (they use the large deli-style which is not as heavily seasoned as the smaller format).  I guess it takes talent to make a totally flavorless pepporoni pizza, so you could say they have a talented chef. My advice: keep the building, lose the music, spread out the tables, train your servers, get real cooks, and create a reservation system that works.  For now, the second star is only because of the effort.
3	My lemon ricotta and apple cinnamon pancakes were AMAZING, but the service was horrible.  Very very slow, and maybe the waitress was not experienced enough to figure out what I need before I asked for it.  For example, she sat my group which was a table of 3, and only had one menu for about 5 minutes before she brought out another one.  Also only had two sets of utensils before I asked for another setting.  5 minutes after she delivered my pancakes, I had to ask for syrup.  If the service was better, I would have rated this restaurant with a 4.  Maybe next time.
1	I've been bringing the wife and kids here religiously 2-3 times a week since they opened for two reasons it's one of the only breakfast joints near Troon where we live and the pancakes are great.  Over time we have made friends with the servers and they do a great job for us.  We really liked this place and highly recommended it to all our friends until now.  We have noticed a slip in food quality and a massive price increase.  The owner has been making huge revenues off an already pricy breakfast menu and sometimes to many customers.  Apparently the greedy woman doesn't appreciate her customers she just printed a new menu and raised prices for an omelet to $13.00.  Hence a breakfast bill for us of $114.00.  Hope she buys something nice with that because this is the last time we ever come here.  Congratulations you just lost several thousand dollars in revenue from us as we easily spend more than 700.00 per month here now.  $8000.00 plus annually nice job pencil that and this review into your bottom line.  Do you think your customers are idiots the cost of eggs, bread, pankakes, is almost nothing compared to the bill.  FYI your food is good but not that great it's fricken breakfast and we had runny eggs and a messed up order today to go with our huge bill.  We are immediately telling all our friends to boycott your business.
1	Three of us went for dinner at 5:30 pm and were seated.  We ordered drinks and meals and dessert.  At 6:30 pm , the manager or owner came up to our table and told us we needed to leave the table as the reservations party had arrived.  We were never told this when we were seated.  This has never happened to us and we are 66 years old.  We were really taken back and will not be going here again to eat.  It was very rude and uncalled for.
2	Staff were more concerned about carrying on their conversations than waiting on their customers.  The food was okay but the kitchen is very slow. Everyone here needs training an attitude adjustment and management. Too bad.
2	I checked this restaurant out on Yelp before visiting and saw that it was on the pricey side for breakfast but the menu sounded good so we went. The raspberry granola pancakes with bacon were very good and a large portion also, but I was disappointed to see that the prices were even higher than what showed on this website ($11.99 instead of 9.99).  My husband had an omelet with spinach, bacon, tomato and cheese. It came with a few potatoes and one slice of toast. It wasn't much above average and also pricey.  So, be prepared.
5	Delicious & homey  ! Best pancakes ever . Try the lemon ricotta stuffed pancake holy cow !!
5	This was my first time at this restaurant I thought it would give it a tryThe food prices were reasonable the menu was a good sizeOur waiter some young fellow named Kenny did a wonderful job with us he was very bright and smart not to mention HilariousThe place was fantastic we had a great time I would recommend this place to anybody
5	Love the food, love the food servers & bartenders, love the funky music...been here a number of times at request of different friends and never been sorry.  Came with the dogs for breakfast outside on the patio...fabulous.  Pancakes that even top my husband's and that says alot.  Friday night is fish night so reservations are a must.  They close early but it's turning out to be one of our "go-tos."
2	We've tried this restaurant twice during the last three weeks. It's somewhat expensive for breakfast but we thought it worth it the first time we visited. The first time the food and service were terrific and today it was barely mediocre-to the point we almost walked out.The sign of a great restaurant is seamless service and the quantity and timing of the kitchen's output on a busy day-not an average day. Stay away from this place on a holiday or when the place is very busy and people are waiting for tables.The kitchen could not keep pace with demand today, the  new waiter dumped food in my lap and had to be told to comp me something, our order was wrong, came in stages, and portions were cold and undercooked. Even people around us were aghast and some waited for their breakfast orders for 45 mins. The table next to us sat for 15 mins without their order being taken. While all of the servers were polite, some of the servers are very experienced and some are newbies and not well trained, which is management's fault. Father's Day is a day to to be well staffed.I'll be trying somewhere new. Today's experience was unacceptable.
4	Definitely get there early! We had no wait, but had to sit in the bar...no complaints here as i tend to gravitate towards the bar atmosphere anyway.I had the lemon ricotta pancakes, which were fluffy and delicious although WAY too much food! Side of bacon was complimentary to the sweet ricotta. Just the right amount of salty to balance it all out. 2 $6 mimosas weren't bad either, but get it without the Chambord, it unnecessary. Hey had strawberry granola pancakes with eggs and bacon. Pancakes were "ehh" as he said, and like mine WAY too big. Couldn't even finish half! Bacon was delish but eggs were clearly carton egg beaters. you could tell by the coloring and the watery trail they left on the plate.Over all, its a nice little spot, that seems to be a hidden gem of sorts, we will be back and will probably split pancakes next time! $50+ for two breakfasts with mimosas was a bit much but now we know splitting a plate is adequate!
4	Was excited to finally get to this place for the brunch that my in-laws have been raving about and it was not disappointing. Came in for Father's Day last weekend and left full and happy.They had a special Father's Day menu which included what ordered, the beer cakes and brats. These were delicious. Beer infused pancakes with an orange glaze/syrup that was super sweet and super delicious. On the side was a tasty brat pretending to be a breakfast sausage. Who knew that a brat I would an awesome breakfast treat. It was. My little guy managed to take down most of a plain pancake (he's only 10 months old and those things are big!)A few other people I was with had the heavenly hash and had nothing but good things to say.The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is the food times. I took almost 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. Granted is was Father's Day and they were busy but that still seemed a bit long. Otherwise the service was great. Look forward to eating here again in the future.
5	Great breakfast spot in Grayhawk. Love the banana quinoa pancakes!!!  Good service. Amazingly unique menu. Huge portions, so be prepared to share or take home leftovers.   This is my new go to brunch spot and I'm thrilled to find a place I love in North Scottsdale rather than old town.
4	I absolutely love their breakfast! Their pancakes are fantastic and huge. Other favorites are the wet burrito and the crazy cowboy...the pork chili verde is amazing.
4	Got off to a slow start when our waiter didn't realize we had been seated in his section.  I predicted he would come up with a cover story about not knowing why our waiter didn't come, but that he would say he would take care of us :)  He was young so we will forgive him for not knowing this is a common excuse used by waiters.Once we finally got service the rest of the meal went well, with prompt friendly service for the remainder of our meal.  We both ordered the special banana pancakes and enjoyed them.  Oh by the way they are huge, we wished we had just split an order and tried something else along with them.   The menu had a variety of creative breakfast options and they all looked good.
5	Great brunch or breakfast spot! The staff is so courteous. If you are craving pancakes then bring a friend and split the lemon ricotta pancakes. They are so good and enormous!
4	The fish and chips basket was SO good! The fish basically melted in my mouth. And this is coming from someone who doesn't care for fish ;)And the key lime tart was incredible. I will definitely be back :)
5	I've eaten here 4 times now; once for breakfast, twice for lunch and once for dinner.   Each meal has been very good and I have never been disappointed.   The wait staff has always been very friendly and courteous and the food is always served hot and delicious.  Serving size is appropriate ... not too little and not too much.  I would certainly recommend Soul Cafe to anyone looking for a great meal in the North Scottsdale area!
5	This is our most favorite place; the food is always consistently delicious; Service is always impeccable.  We have our favorite Bartenders, Conner & Sean.  They are the Best.  Everyone we take there just raves about it and are so glad we shared the dining experience with them.  I Love Fish Friday's.  Keep up the good work Soul Cafe.
1	We visited this restaurant on 11/6 for lunch.Our order of Cobb Salad and a hot pastrami sandwich took 40 minutes to get to the table.  We were just standing up to leave when it arrived.  We had already gotten an apology from the server but no real explanation for why such simple dishes were taking so long.  The salad was at nearly room temperature and the sandwich was only luke warm.  Neither was remarkable with the pastrami seemingly thrown on the plate in an unappetizing manner.  This is very common run of the mill food - nothing special at all.There was little care taken to honor our choice of going there for lunch from the time it took to get the food to the temperature of the food.  It had clearly sat around for a while before we got it.  Rarely have we ever had to consider leaving a restaurant.  You put customers in an awkward spot when they've ordered food, asked you to prepare it, then you lose interest and put people in the position of considering walking out.  Just wonderful customer relations.Perhaps you may want to consider repairing your web mail portal so you can get responses first hand ?
3	Soul Cafe offers BIG portions. The food tastes as good as anyone might expect but the real allure is the portions. Expect to ask for a box because you'll likely be taking home what you can't finish. The restaurant is clean and feels very open with a modern decor and use of natural-looking wood. Our party went here for breakfast and the server was not keeping up with the coffee requests. It seems we were waiting for the coffee to finish brewing before they could fill the carafe and bring it to the table.
5	We had a great time and would thoroughlyRecommend this restaurant. Food was great, we had theSpecial, fish and chips, that tasted fabulous.We were surprised that the Reed family wasEntertaining and that made it more than special. Would highly recommend!
5	The Happy Hikers got up early, hiked Marcus Landing, and rewarded our efforts with breakfast at Soul Cafe. The "wet burrito " is one of our favorites, the pancakes are to die for and the service fantastic!
5	My family and I had breakfast here. Food was great, HUGE portions and tasty. Even the mixed fruit was wonderful with kiwi, blackberries, blueberries etc. nice ambience too. The kids menu was awesome and they had some very interesting breakfast dishes. I had the raspberry granola pancake which was very good.  We'll be back!
4	Great breakfast !!!! Lemon stuffed pancakes were great but too much for one person to eat.  Everything else was delicious.  Definitely going back.
5	OMG! This place is amazing! The bacon blue pancakes and apple pancakes were so yummy! Service was great and the folks really cared about us! Definitely highly recommend this place!!!
1	OK, we have been to Soul Cafe many times and have found it to be pretty good.  This last time, not so much.  Loved the ham on rye every other time I've had it here, but this time the bread was really stale.  After eating almost half the sandwich, I asked my waitress to please put the remaining ingredients on a piece of FRESH bread.  Guess what - it came back with stale bread again!  Most likely will not go back.
4	I've gone a couple of times..one for brunch & one for dinner. I've been surprised both times! Going in & not knowing what to expect made it even better/easier to choose on the menu.Huge pancakes with bacon induced bloody mary is a great combination!! Be ready to saddle up to the table with their huge, tasty flapjacks! They thought of lil details and did have sugar free syrup available.Dinner is another great option with various twists on their dishes. Buttermilk chicken with mashed potatoes & vegetables hits the mark pretty close for this southern raised boy! Only one suggestion...try homemade biscuits that aren't so dry, no matter how much butter you throw at them. Just a thought...Overall, our party was well taken care of on a busy night with the manager/owner even checking on guests to ensure they're enjoying themselves. Lil touches and new twists make this spot a good but unique place to grab a bite!
