5	Why should you eat here?  My mom likes it.  She was born in Shanghai and raised in Hong Kong.  She's really picky about her Chinese food, and usually avoids these types of takeout places.  Price is right, ingredients are fresh, and the service is fast.  There are very few good Chinese restaurants in Summerlin, but this is one of them.
5	What a surprise?! Looking for some great Chinese food in Summerlin? This place is great. Large portions for a small price. The service is excellent. Everyone is very nice. It has a small restaurant feel rather than a fast food take out. Do not be deceived by your eyes! Plus they deliver!!!
4	We frequent this place once a month.For the most part they are great for dinner.  On our most recent take out experience was pleasant.  Tonight, we ordered the "Dinner A" which consisted of:- Egg Drop Soup- 2 Spring Rolls- 2 Cream Cheese Ragoons- Pork Fried Rice (our choice)- Orange Chicken (our choice)- Chicken Chow Mein (our choice)The total came out to under $28.Food was prepared quickly.  The restaurant was clean and the employees were nice.When we came home our food was nice and hot.  Each take out box was filled to the brim and our family of five were completely satisfied.One thing that had me raise my eyebrow was the fact that at the bottom of our orange chicken box, it was lined with broccoli.The over all experience has been positive! :)  The service is consistent and we had a memorable experience when the place first opened:  We dined in and they were super friendly and gave away freebies and extra food and were very accommodating to our rambunctious little boys.When we are in the mood for Chinese at home, China One is the number one choice for us.
4	This is one of those places where you keep ordering the only thing you've ever gotten because it is so good and you are afraid of being let down by a different dish if there is even a slight possibility that it isn't as good as the dish you usually get. I struck gold with the Chicken w/Hot Garlic Sauce ($5.45) lunch special. It is a large portion of food, and they know it, too - they just go ahead and serve it up in a to-go container assuming that most customers won't be able to finish it in one sitting. The lunch specials come with a good-quality side of veggie lo mein noodles and your choice of fried rice or white rice. The Hot Garlic Sauce has whole hot chili peppers and many slices of serrano peppers in it. The chicken in this dish is all white meat. Lunch also includes a bowl of egg-drop soup w/corn. A bowl of fried won-ton chips is also put in front of you and is hard to resist. I can't wait to try China One's other dishes. I have ordered the Chicken w/Hot Garlic Sauce four times in a row now. In college in Ann Arbor, there was legendary Chinese restaurant called Dinersty that sold 300-400 orders of General Tso's Chicken (GTC) every day. That, my Yelp friends, is $1,000,000/year in General Tso's! What made their GTC irresistable? Always hot, always crispy, always over-sauced, always random slivers of orange peel and whole hot chilis in the sauce, and always a generous border of steamed broccoli surrounding an astounding mound of GTC. Not suprisingly, they retired after 25 years of profitable business and I've been searching for an equivalent addictive General Tso's replacement for the last 10 years with no success. (A unique every-dish-is-made-to-order Wok&Roll franchise in Concourse D at the Pittsburgh Airport comes very close, but no cigar.) Where am I going with this? I know battered and fried chunks of meat are probably really bad for you, but I am tempted to try China One's version, AND they actually offer an all white-meat General Tso's option ($1 extra charge, according to their cashier.) The odds are good that their GTC is great. Just haven't had the courage to 'abandon' the Chicken w/Hot Garlic Sauce yet!China One: The chosen one? Stay tuned for a GTC update!
5	Finally we live in a neighborhood with a great Chinese joint.  Love this place and if you like doughy dumplings, you will love theirs.  We get them everytime!!  Service is great and the food comes out quick and HOT!   Love it and highly recommend it.
3	GTC Follow-up: their General Tso's Chicken is pretty great, actually. Have ordered their GTC twice in the last month. Unfortunately China One's crabby manager really makes me want to get their food to-go and eat it in the parking lot! He always has a scowl (and a scabby cold sore - I hate to say it) and he gives off this terrible energy that ruins the vibe of the dining area. The feeling is unavoidable - he is almost always sitting in the dining area peeling snow peas or doing accounting or something. On our last visit, he gave a swift command (in Chinese) to the cashier to charge us $2 for a brown rice substitution in our lunch specials. I mentioned that a week earlier they only charged us 50 cents extra, and I got the classic "I'm pretending not to understand English right now" look. Don't know what to make of this manager's crotchety attitude, and I am torn because their food has been really good lately. Downgrade to 3 stars. Food is easily 4 or 5 stars depending on what you order.
4	I wish I worked near a China One.  Yes, I did eat dinner here, but after seeing their lunch menu I feel like I'm missing out on some great value!  The food here is good and made to order, though it kind of screams, "Order our food to go!" with all the plates and utensils being styrofoam or plastic.  Lunch specials were in the $5-$6 range and seemed to include noodles, rice, and an egg roll with your meal; quite the deal!  Dinner plates were in the $8-$9 range.I tried the spicy garlic chicken with brown rice, and was very pleased with my selection.  Some of those peppers had me sweating...the spicy is no joke!  I also got a taste of a shrimp dish; not sure what it was, but it was very tasty.  The staff here was also very accommodating: putting together tables for our large group, cancelling orders without issue when customers ordered too much food, and helping sort out some hiccups in communication when it came to questions about the menu.  All in all a positive experience, but unfortunately China One lies a little off the beaten path for me to visit regularly.
1	This place is horrible. I ordered take out and after getting half way through each of my take out boxes realized my food was swimming in oil half the box was food and half was greasy oil.
4	I have been eating here about once a week for about 2 years. The food is consistently very good, with large portions and good quality ingredients. When I moved from Henderson to Summerlin I was worried that I wouldn't find a Chinese take out anywhere as good as China A Go Go, but this comes pretty close. Some of my favorites include Singapore Noodles, War Wonton Soup, and Chicken w/broccoli. The only improvement I'd really like to see is them taking American Express (they only take Visa & MC), but I understand why they don't.
4	China One is a good restaurant to grab a tasty fast meal. They wok their food fresh to order and we have always enjoyed both delivery and dining at the restaurant. I would recommend China One.
4	There are certain items I like to try whenever I see them on a menu. I like to try a place's Jambalaya or Risotto or Paella, I make sure to order Panang Curry at Thai places, and I'm a bit of a General Tso's Chicken addict. Thanks to Bobby Y's review, I knew I had to check out China One for some GTC action.I went here with my Dad late one night. I wasn't all that hungry, so we ordered some fried rice to share. It was enough to feed and satisfy both of our appetites. The fried rice was pretty good, but a little on the oily side. Then again, I may have only noticed the oil because of the styrofoam plates we were eating on. The plates were absolutely covered in oil by the end!As for the GTC, I got it to go. So yes, this is not a review of freshly cooked China One GTC. I took it to work the next day and had so much food, I split it up into lunch part one and lunch part two. Even reheated the next day, the GTC was solidly good eats. The vegetables weren't so fresh anymore, but I like the fact that it even comes with vegetables. My usual go-to GTC lunch destination is Chopstix; they don't include veggies, so this was a nice change-up.I'll have to return for the lunch special GTC and eat in next time. Not that I was disappointed in the GTC - not at all. It was very good and worthy of returning, even though there are probably a ton of equally good places between my house and China One.
4	Upgrade! The 'mean' manager dude has not been around the last 4 times we've eaten here, and the lunch specials are still the way to go, AND I think their woks must be developing some master seasoning because the food is getting even better (I always thought it was good) especially the Fish Filet ($6.25) in either Black Bean Sauce or customized with Hot Garlic Sauce instead. It is a much more generous portion of fish than the same dish at Food Express on Decatur. The lo-mein noodles that come with the lunch specials are now garlicky which is a nice change from typically bland 'free' noodles. Look for the 2 free egg rolls coupon in your weekly sales mailers. Quick tip: if you are a party of two and like brown rice, just order one of the lunches with 'all brown rice' ($1 upcharge) and the other one with 'all noodles' (no charge) and split the sides between the two of you. Oh, and just like at Panda Express, you get more food if you ask for it in the to-go box instead of on the dinky for-here plate.
3	A little pricey but the restaurant is very good. All of the food we had tasted great.
4	Very good and really fresh. Ordered orange chicken' Hunan beef and beef and broc. Everything was wonderful with friendly service. I'll be back!
4	The food was wonderful yet the restaurant itself could use a little work. It is a place you order for delivery or pick up. I sat at a sticky table and couldn't help but notice the dirty floor. All that aside the main dish The Chicken in Hot Garlic Sauce was excellent a must try.
3	I wanted to find a place close to home that served Fried Pork Chops so I could eat it with our leftover Chinese food. When I called in my order I asked if it was enough for 3 people. The lady said ,"I don't know it depends how much you eat". I thought that was funny ...but for the record it was more then enough for three people. We even had left overs that lasted for one or two more meals. It tasted okay it wasn't as crunchy as I would have liked it to be and it had a weird aftertaste. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying out one of their lunch specials though.
4	Stumbled upon this joint after leaving Red Rock Canyon.  Food was decent, better than Panda Express.
2	If you don't like a lot of salt make sure to ask them not to add salt to the already salty sauces!  They also claim to not use MSG but I beg to differ!  I have reactions to MSG and when I eat here I get the side effect from MSG.
4	Huge portions where spicy really does mean spicy!  We dropped in for a quick dinner and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.  We were not as impressed by our sticky table top.  However, the staff is friendly, the service is fast, and the prices are affordable.
4	China One is a great take out/delivery place in the heart of Summerlin!I just recently discovered their awesome lunch specials.Lunch specials are available until 4pm daily. It is served with fried or steamed rice and chow mein. They also have egg drop soup with the lunch special but this is not included in takeout orders. Lunch special prices are from $5.95 to $6.50. (The higher priced lunch specials are those dishes that have seafood).I got to try two lunch specials from here. They were the L8: Moo Goo Chicken and the L10: Chicken in Hot Garlic Sauce. I was pleasantly surprised with both lunch specials. They were very generous with their servings. There was a fair share of fried rice and chow mein and there was so much chicken in the entrees. Not only did this place have great portions, the food was good as well. The Chicken in Hot Garlic sauce had a nice spicy and sweet flavor to it. The Moo Goo Chicken had a more subtle flavor to it. The emphasis on the Moo Goo Chicken was more on the veggie/mushroom flavor. Both chicken dishes were delicious and both had their distinct, unique flavors. I liked that this place had delicious and generous entrees. It was plenty of food for lunch and there was plenty for dinner as well.China One also sends coupons in the mail. For spending over $10, I got my choice of free egg rolls or crab ragoons. I chose to get 2 free crab ragoons. The crab ragoons were yummy. It was crispy and hot and when it arrived. It was filled with lots of cream cheese! There were two types of sweet and sour dipping sauces that came with it too.I think China One will be my new number one go-to place for quick and yummy Chinese takeout/delivery when I am in Vegas :). Yay!
5	Excellent food, quick reliable delivery
5	Ordered for New Year's eve dinner.  The food was fabulous.  When they say spicy they mean spicy.  Each to go container was full to the brim. The soup was delicious.  Probably the least greasiest Chinese food I've ever had.  We all loved our meal.  We get a coupon in the mail regularly so even better. The food was very reasonable and we had plenty for some leftover meals and only spend little more than $30.
1	Ewww! Stay far away from this place! What kind of Chinese food is this! Defintely not from Hawaii or San Fransisco! What happened  to the taste? Not good at all!
4	my second time eating here this time just to try the sweet & sour lunch special .. which  made out to be another decent meal . my 1st visit was for dinner where my significant other & i tried calimari , fried chicken wings , spinach & a host of other dishes . which were all none the least up to par . only downside was being charged an extra 2.50 just to change my white rice to brown which ended up not being cooked through all the way so was slightly hard . regardless thee portions were slightly huge & delightful for a pick me upper
4	Finally a bomb Chinese spot near my new place. The food was Filled with flavor and the plates was full. The price is also really good. Now when I'm craving for Chinese food I know where to go.
4	Large portions, decent price, and I liked the generals chicken lunch special. Good quality veggies in with the chicken and not just the dried red chillies like in most cheap Chinese food, but some actual small green chilies. Overall great especially for the price. But my quest for amazing General's Chicken continues.
4	They make some bomb (delicious!) bbq pork fried rice! its not dry and bland like other places. Fills me up every time after a long day of work.
4	Really good Chinese food, probably some of the best Chinese take-out I've had.  If you're looking for really goopy, greasy Chinese, this probably isn't your best bet.  They use pretty fresh ingredients, especially for take-out, and it's healthier than your average Chinese take-out while still satisfying cravings.  And, when they say a dish is spicy, it actually is somewhat spicy which is a nice change!
3	Whenever I had walked from my car to the Dunkin Donuts in the Charleston at Desert Foothills Albertson's Shopping Center, I had been curious how good the Chinese restaurant I had been walking by is. So today, I would give China One a try.    Without a menu outside, I was lured inside the restaurant. When I walked inside, I saw a take out style Chinese Restaurant with some tables. The menu was displayed on a large board on the wall. When I looked at the menu, I saw a similar menu to the majority of the Chinese Restaurants that I have patronized in Las Vegas. The average lunch special (served to 4 PM.) started around $6. The shrimp based entrees were slightly higher priced.   For something in the ballpark of $8.38 plus a $1  tip; I chowed down a lunch special that included noodles with duck sauce (Yes! I did not have to leave my seat and ask for the duck sauce.), egg drop soup (for dining in), pepper steak, fried rice, and chow mien noodles. With the food, I drank from a cup of Coke that is fairly large for a Chinese Restaurant. The food was OK. Nothing sensational where it would make my day if they added a store in my neighborhood, and not bad. My minor complaint is that too much of the plate was taken up by chow mien noodles, which I regard as filler.  The employees were friendly. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door. They checked up on me to make sure that the food was good, It was when I was about to leave that left me a positive last impression of China One. When I paid and they were cleaning my table, the nice woman that works there refilled my fairly large cup of soda to drink after I left. In some cases it is the last impression that is memorable. And in this case, the last impression influenced me in giving China One a three star rating.
2	Downgrade, and beware...Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Water Chestnuts as the new vegetable filler at this China One location! There were no less than 20 pieces of water chestnut filler in my usual Chicken w/Hot Garlic Sauce. And, the sudden absence of red bell pepper, and only 3 or 4 pieces of green bell pepper in my dish. Run away from this location. This is the equivalent of, "You probably think I won't notice and next week you will add 20 pieces of Baby Corn and remove all nutritious (and costly) vegetable ingredients altogether!"Funny, we decided to go back to the West Charleston location for the first time in a year because we happened to have some business to attend to in the vicinity. Mistake. Going back to the 921 S. Rainbow location and never looking back! The South Rainbow store has maintained the quality of ingredients that the China One brand is known for.I hate when this stuff happens!
3	Update.This is my third visit. I ordered Mongolian Beef (the one I had great experience with during the first visit). All I have to say is, the food tastes good this time, but the beef is still awful.I don't have more to say except this to the owner. Please use the same beef you use before. This batch of beef is terrible. Too many tendons in there, some are too soft (baking soda burn) some are too hard to chew (full of tendons).4 star for the taste1 star for the beef
4	This food is very "American" but really good. They are really fast at getting the orders out. I have never had a bad meal from here. Takeout is just as good as dining in. Prices are reasonable and staff are friendly. Orange chicken and Won Ton Soup are the best.
3	Stopped by to pick up a quick meal. Ordered the alluring on photo Hong Kong Chow Mein and gravely disappointed. It's mainly veggies, noodles and meat mixed together...that's it. Was I expecting too much?
5	One of my favorite quick-eat Chinese places. Mao Po tofu, without pork, is the shiiiit! This place is great for vegetarian eaters, because they'll happily replace any meat with tofu for you, and it always comes out awesome.Usually get food here to-go, but if you do choose to eat in, they have good service, unless they're busy.
1	come to this place for take out and they will expect you to tip them. for what? they make the food and you pick it up. and if you don't they will yell at you. very rude. food isn't the best. just ok.
4	The wonton soup and general chicken are pretty tasty
3	No too bad, not too good. It's right around the corner from where I live and they deliver.  I'd get it again but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there or order in.
4	Best Chinese food I've had yet. No bean sprouts in fried rice which is different.Orange chicken was delicious and nicely coated. There were a few tiny pieces which were over cooked.Overall it's good, even reheated leftovers!!
5	Great food, fast service, very fresh, I like the generals chicken with white meat only, very delicious, also lunch specials are a steal
3	China One is a fast food Chinese restaurant in Summerlin on the corner of W Charleston and Desert Foothills in the Albertson's Shopping Plaza. This place is okay for a fast food Chinese place. It has a small dining area and you can see the kitchen from the dining area, which I don't mind at all. I like to see the kitchen to see if it is clean or dirty. The place looked like it was clean.They have the regular Chinese menu you find at every Chinese restaurant. I ordered the Szechuan Beef with no msg, fried rice with chicken. The other people with me ordered Beef and broccoli, General Tsao's chicken, and Mongolian Beef. It was all pretty good for a fast food place. It was what I expected. The only complaint I have is that I ordered my food spicy and it was not spicy at all.I would recommend trying it out for a quick bite to eat.
4	China One - near my house - CHECK, Amazing Food - Double CHECK, Fast service - Triple CHECK. We frequented China One when we lived in this awesome Summerlin 'hood five years ago. China One welcomed us back with open arms a few months ago. I love the food, the service (the register girls are soooo sweet!), and the specials. When my family is craving Chinese food, and do not want to venture far, just veg on the couch kind of night, this is our place. My husband also wanted to add that China One's Teriyaki Bowls are the best ever. He says they top S.S's by 20 and are so much more reasonable in price. The Mustard here is amazing, and so is the paper (foil) wrapped chicken. China One is most definitely a once a week place for us! - Love Summerlin Local!
4	4 stars for location, pricing, friendly staff, specials, small delivery charge and quickness of order!   Last night I ordered one of their dinner specials.  For $25.95 or $27.95 depending on your choices it can't be beat.  Comes with soup, egg rolls, crab rangoons, fried shrimp, rice, and two entrees.  Their servings are very generous.  They always include all the sauces and have never gotten a take out order wrong.  Add to that they offer brown rice, and I didn't notice an extra charge for it,  and they always have coupons.  Last night I added on a order of fried wontons because I spent $20.  I realize this is fast food chain Chinese but for all the reasons mentioned above I'm a fan!
4	Good chinese food, portion size, and dollar-to-bite ratio.  Friendly enough service and excellent location.
4	Love China One- this is our go-to place at least once a week.  Our fav's are Shrimp w/ salt and pepper, Snow pea and shrimp, and wonton soup.  All are excellent and fresh, not at all greasy.  Delivery is lightning fast.
4	The Chinese food is pretty good!! The lunch specials are a good deal! I ordered shrimp with broccoli that came with lo mein and rice for about $10! This place is better than most of the other Chinese restaurants like the "a go go" or "ho ho ho" places. Of course, it's not the best quality ever but it's relatively cheap and yummy!
4	Very good place! The food was really good and the service was awesome. The food didn't take long at all, and it was piping hot!
4	Delicious, well-prepared and light Chinese food. A friend and I stopped here for dinner after a rock climbing trip and were very pleasantly surprised by the high quality of the food. Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly. Not greasy like some Chinese food, either. Fast and pleasant service, and reasonable prices. A real find. I'll definitely be bringing friends here during our next trip out.
4	The food is good and the delivery was fast!I ordered Mongolian Beef and Fried Rice they said it would take 45 minutes and my food was delivered within 15 minutes.The food was good and it was not too saucy or drenched in soy sauce like many other fast food Chinese places.I will order from here again =)
2	I have been to this place multiple times and I am honestly not a fan. This isn't a traditional Chinese restaurant, of course, but at least make an effort to make it taste like food. I ordered a large tray of chow mein. As we were eating, I had happen to find a random rubber band in the noodles ... Mhmm. Also, the food is a little too oily. Anyway, at least the servers are patient and kind when taking orders. Just my opinion.
2	I eat here when I am really desperately craving Chinese food. It reminds me of the Chinese fast food places serving up fried chicken and fried rice. They are slightly better than those. They use the same sauce for all their dishes and any changes to the order is hard. I always ask for no msg and am told that the meats are marinated in it so they can't do anything about it. I ask for low sodium and they accommodate by reducing the amount of brown sauce they slather over it. They have ok prices and are a decent place to go to when really searching for Chinese. Now that Dim Sum Cafe has opened nearby, I have a second option.
5	This is my go to Chinese place to eat. It's so close to my house and it delicious. The service it fantastic to and my favorite dish has to be the chow fun. If we are feeling sick come here for there fantastic soup. To me it's the best Chinese place in the area.
4	Perfect combination chow mein.  Crab rangoon needs more crab; then would be just right.
