4	My husband, daughter, and I were checking out the beautiful newly opened Tivoli Village last Thursday, and Brio Tuscan Grille was one of the few restaurants that were 1.) already up and running and 2.) had a wait less than 20 minutes during the lunch peak hours.  The service was FANTASTIC, and that is probably because they just opened and are still in that "honeymoon"  phase.  Along with crayons and the kids menu to color, they also brought Pizza dough for my daughter to play with. They even offered to cook it for her when she was done- but she was having too much fun just playing with it. I have never been to a Brio Tuscan Grille before so I had no expectations.  In fact, I didn't even know it was a chain restaurant at the time. Nonetheless, I am a fan of the food.  I ordered the Fettuccine Rustica and I highly recommend this dish if you like sun dried tomatoes.  I added the Bistecca Ensalata for an additional $3.95 and this salad was a meal in itself.  It was so delicious and so filling- I may just get a whole order of that next time since I am a sucker for gorgonzola cheese and bacon!  My husband ordered the chopped salad to start with and the Shrimp and Crab cakes.  It had only come with 2 average sized cakes, but they were so flavorful and surprisingly quite filling.  We ordered the kids lasagna for my daughter, and for $4.95- this was practically an adult serving.  In fact, the three of us shared it because it was that big, and that delicious! The dessert display looked too fabulous to pass us, so I ate about 1/4th of my delicious pasta and had the rest packed up to take home.  We ordered the creme brulee and the raspberry cheesecake and both were the perfect way to end such a satisfying lunch.  The total bill for the 3 of us was less than $50. And it was well worth it- the ambiance, the service, the food were all great.
3	I have been to the Tivoli location three times--once on opening day, once last week for lunch, and today for Sunday brunch.  Opening day was pretty good for a first go--service was exceptional (thanks, Justin!), but the food was cold.   Last Wednesday for lunch was excellent all around (Mediterrean salad and mezza chicken, both great).  Today for brunch--food was excellent (pork chop, white chocolate raspberry French toast, and spinach mushroom fritatta), but service (server was John) was sub-par at best.  Lots of servers, bussers, hostesses, etc., but there was a great deal of confusion amongst employees.  Go to the Town Square location until they get the bugs worked out here.
4	I love me some Brio! Yeah I am sure this will be a real balanced review...  At any rate I really enjoy the Brio at the Town Square location and thought I would give this new spot in Summerlin a try for a casual business dinner. I will save you sometime and just let you know it was a real solid choice. The food came out very quickly and the happy hour specials were priced rather inexpensively. Mid way through our meal the executive chef made his rounds and made sure to say hello to every table and introduce himself.  I have to say thats a rarity and the touch was well received.  I honestly have no problems recommending this place to anyone as the bruschetta choices are all amazing, the Veal Milanese was great, the ravioli were cooked to perfection, and the wine list had some great choices for excellent prices.
5	HAPPY HOUR IS AWESOME! They do it twice a day, 3:30pm-6:30pm and 9pm-close.  The evening one is packed from what I've heard, so I went tonight and was pleased that there was open seating on the patio.  So nice out tonight, too.  Restaurant is open until 11pm on weeknights and 12am on weekends, so it's a good late night option for food.All dishes are $2.95, and there's 10-12 dishes.  I tried the shrimptini (shrimp cocktail), which was ok aka great for $3.  I also had the steak bruchetta per my waiter's recommendation, which was really good.  There's two flatbreads on the menu, which is a steal for the price, as is the burger.  Also a few other unusual items like a shrimp & eggplant dish.  Going to have to try that one next time.On Thursday nights they also do $5 martinis, which I didn't know about.  Got a razztini to complement my meal.  Total bill was under $12 with tax.  Not bad at all.  See ya soon, Brio.
3	Had to wait an hour.  Service was excellent.  Food was great.
5	Food was fabulous! Came here for a late mothers' day dinner, best service I think I have ever received at a restaurant. Great job guys !
5	I love this place their choice selection for italian food and pasta is great! I came for happy hour, and I tell you their happy hour really makes you happy! they have a $2.95 happy hour menu for your basic appetizers, finger foods, and a regular sized burger. Although they don't have a happy hour menu for drinks. I think the over all quality of the food makes up for it all. The BRIO burger is awesome, and definitely a steal for the price! The buns are toasted, and the meat is so tender and juicy. Full of flavor! We also ordered a bunch of chorizo fonduta. I would highly reccomend that along with their margherita flatbread. You will definitely get full fast, and still have some left over!
2	What to say...  The appetizer we had at lunch is the only reason they are getting two stars instead of one.  The artichoke dip was pretty good, nothing super, but pretty good.  Had the shrimp and crab crepes for brunch.  Scrambled eggs, shrimp, crab, and asparagus rolled up in crepe served with fresh fruit and fried red potatoes.  Sounds awesome.  It was far from it,  To start off the smell of the over ripe melon in the fresh fruit overwhelmed my plate with a horrible smell.  Strike one.  Next I moved to the potatoes, over cooked to the point that  they were black and burnt to a crisp.  Strike two.  Next the crepes, the eggs were over cooked and dry, there was not crab or shrimp in them, the asparagus was flavorless and overcooked, and the hollandaise sauce taste like something out of a box or package.  Strike three.  Sadly they had a fourth strike as well.  Everything on my plate was the same temperature, the crepes and the potatoes were cold, and the fruit was warm.  I try to give everyplace a second chance, but I am not sure this place is worthy of that.
5	this is for the Happy Hour only.  it is GREAT!!! all the HH food is only $2.95. we had both the flat breads,  slice steak bruschetta (my fav) shrimp & eggplant, ravioli caprese and pepper formaggio dip. i highly suggest all. the service was great. the waitress was really helpful, friendly and courteous to us tourists.  we were there on TUES nite around 4pm and is was already getting crowded. right across from the SUNCOAST CASINO. we had a great HH.
4	First time trying Brio was at Tivoli Village during happy hour. It was nice sitting outside until sunset cuz I felt like I roasted out in the sunlight. Aside from the tanning, the happy hour specials are f*ing great. There's a wide variety of $3 appetizers & discounted martinis to choose from & it turns out that my favorites were the margherita flatbread & lemontinis.
4	Went for Happy Hour and had the following dishes:Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant (5/5)Margherita Flatbread (3.5/5)Pepper Formaggio Dip (Eek! 2.5/5)My least favorite: The dip flavor was very odd (almost like the components together yielded a canned cheese flavor) and the ciabatta was over-toasted, it was more like a crostini that was way too crunchy.The portions were huge for a Happy Hour serving and the service was really good.  I'll go again to try the ravioli or maybe just order off of the regular dinner menu.
4	This was my first trip to Brio and it won't be the last. The bar was pretty packed for a spy on vegas open bar from 6-9. We managed to snag the last 3 seats at the bar at 5:45 which was lucky considering it was standing room only by 6:30. The service was definitely above average, quick and courteous even when they were swamped with all the event goers. I can't comment on the drink prices during happy hour because we were taking advantage of the free peach sangria and cucumber gin gimlets but the $2.95 tasting menu in the bar area is fabulous.  The Ravioli Caprese arrived with 3 generously sized pieces of ravioli in marinara sauce. Not only was this dish tasty, but for $3 I was impressed by the portion size. The Spicy Shrimp & Eggplant was my favorite of the dishes we ordered. The portion is smaller than the ravioli but the flavor makes up for the size. So good, and only $3. We'll order two of those next time. The Margherita Flatbread was a little bland for my taste but between the other dishes and the bartenders plying us with free booze it's hard to complain.
4	The staff: Somebody's always smiling, so that's a good sign.  They're cordial and they know their menu.  Most of the servers I've had there have been very friendly, got the time to know us and chat it up a bit.  Sometimes we come when it's busy and we don't see our server much; which is fine, I don't like when people hover anyway, but it would help if we didn't have to wait for them to walk by so we could ask for something.The goods: Incredible happy hour.  The Brio Burger is probably my favorite thing to get but I've tried just about everything on the HH menu and I can't remember disliking anything.  The basic menu can get a little pricy.  I ordered a salmon salad something or other once, $14.95.  I won't say it wasn't worth the money because, oh my God it WAS.  But, I'm just saying, pricy (at least for me).  I love their dessert display.  We do something similar at the fine dining restaurant I used to work at.  They bring the plate over so you can look at your desserts.  Very good eye-catcher.  I always order the chocolate cake thingy (I should really learn the names...but whenever I order I sort of just point and say, "I want THAT.  Please and thank you.")  Their raspberry mascarpone cheesecake is heaven.  It melts in your mouth and the crust is the only thing left to chew.The atmosphere: I think in all the times I've come here I've only sat inside once.  I love sitting outside watching the shoppers of Tivoli Village.  It always kind of freaks me out though when one of the valet boys starts running for a car.  I have to turn around and see the red uniform before I realize it's not some guy stealing a lady's purse.  Other than that, everything else is great.  The lighting adds a lot to the ambiance, from the restaurant, and other shops alike.  And my friends and I are always listening intently to the music, trying to guess the language and what they're saying.  I think coming to Brio is going to end up being a weekly thing for us.  We're all kind of night owls these days and we've got to start somewhere, best to do it where we can fill our stomachs and prep for the night ahead.
4	The quality of food at Brio is a pleasant surprise.  The lunch menu has a lot of variety and I probably would have been happy ordering one of 4 or 5 different things, but lasagna wins almost every time, and Brio's version is quite nice.  It comes with your choice of 3 different salads (chopped, Caesar, or house) and I was very happy with the chopped.  Far more than a boring plate of greens, and it isn't drowning in dressing.   The lasagna arrived not long after, and it's made with white sauce, meat, and the usual noodles/cheese/sauce.  I dove in and was a little sad when I took the last bite because for a second, I contemplated ordering another.  It's nicely balanced, has just a teeny tiny amount of burned edges of cheese/noodle.and the meat is moist, like a meatloaf.Mimosa wasn't anything to get too excited about, but the raspberry gelato (not on the dessert tray) was the perfect amount of dessert.  Allegedly Brio may make its way to California, and I can't wait!  So much better than Olive Garden!
5	great happy hour menu & hours
5	Was at the Brio tonight,Great food ,great service,,,Bare drinkes are great.I will be back
4	Amazing Happy Hour!  They have really good food during their happy hour. (aka: Tuscan Taster Bar Menu)..and the portions are enough to fill you up.  It gets a little busy on Thursday with their Martini special, but is always a fun time.  Happy hour is only available in the bar area, so get there early to claim your seat!  I highly recommend the cheeseburger and fries (and it's only $2.95!).
5	Our staple happy hour place for Italian!  The $2.95 appetizer menu is so great!  Try the Brio burger, the ravioli caprese, and the sausage and pepperoni flatbreads pizza!!Great outdoor vibe to just chill when it's decent weather :)
4	Have you ever gone to a dinner party & EVERYTHING tasted great...even though you had made that same thing yourself before and it was just OK?  That is how I feel about the food at Brio.  I have been to the new Tivoli location a few times now and love the happy hour. Be aware that because this is between Kona grill and Sun City, so there is a wide age range.  It had been a while since I had a 65 year old man hit on me, but it wasn't creepy...(is that creepy?).  Service is great each time but if you sit outside the sun just blares down during the happy hour.  The house white wine is nice and light and a reasonable price.  A nice place.  My friends and I really enjoy everything we have tried.
2	I liked the Town Square location the one or two times I was there. But the food I got at the Tivoli location was mediocre at best. The sweet potato and chicken risotto ($16.25) was gummy and tasted like paste. The fettuccine napoli ($15.95) was better, but nothing stellar. The best thing I tried was the kid's cheese pizza. Yeah, that means the place is kid friendly. The prices are reasonable -- although from what I hear happy hour is the best time to go since apps are $3 each.
5	My first visit here involved waiting an hour and fifteen minutes to be seated and a waiter spilling red wine on me. But you know what? I had such a great time; none of it even mattered! It was girls' night out with my pregnant best friend from high school. We had some catching up to do. Our waitress, Amanda, was so much fun!  She kept us laughing and entertained. She mentioned that she was not on the floor that often but that she really enjoyed it. I'll give her credit; she is the best waitress I've ever had anywhere, hands down. She is fabulous.I really wish I could remember the names of the plates we tried. We had a spicy pasta, pizza, and spinich artichoke dip. The food was fantastic! The manager came over and apologized profusely for the mishap with the wine. She gave me her card and told me to bring in my dry cleaning receipt and the restaurant would reimburse me. Eh, clothes can easily be replaced. I was not going to let spilled wine ruin my night.  I really appreciate her offer, though, I won't be dry cleaning my jeans. They ended up comping our entire meal!  It was appreciated but definitely not necessary as I wasn't upset at all. We were so incredibly grateful.Overall, great experience. I would definitely return.
4	I normally go to the Brio in Town Square as it is closer to where I live; however, I was on this side of town and decided to come to this location with a friend. It was setup very nicely, although I prefer the look and setup in Town Square (Thats just personal preference). The food was delicious as always and the staff was there to service, very friendly! The staff did seem a little "on edge" and checking everything, but that is okay by me! I also think they were like that because it opened very recently, so they are still getting into the routine. Regardless, simply wonderful! I am sure with time this location will be just as popular as the Town Square location.
2	This is our first time trying this restaurant. The location of this place in Tivoli is beautiful. As well the interior of the restaurant. The server we got was nice and helpful. Stars for the looks but the food was even worse than Olive Garden which I'm giving 0 star. My husband and I have traveled across U.S. and even out of the country and that's how we learned how to love food. And we love love love fried calamari. The calamari we got was too much breading, tasteless and hard. The worst calamari we ever had that we could not even finish it (and I hate wasting food). And the lasagna and pasta we got were OK(i would say applebee's quality)
5	We went for the amazing happy hour deals, but the bar was too full for us to find a table for our girls night out.  We sat on the patio instead and had the greatest server ever, Brandon.  The strawberry basil lemonade was incredible and the food was so tummy.  But the true highpoint of the night was Brandon.  He was kind, funny, knowledgeable and clever.  If you have Brandon as your server be kind, he deserves it.
4	We went here last night to try the restaurant and see what the new Tivoli Village was all about.  The complex is beautiful.  There was a live band playing in one one coutyards with people mingling and dancing.  Very cool.  If and when additional phases of this complex are completed, it will be a wonderful destination.The restaurant carried the theme of the complex, with beautiful flooring, stonework and large spaces.  The vibe, ambience, seating and service were all excellent.  We had a 6:30 p.m. reservation and had to wait 15 minutes for our table, the only drawback to an otherwise perfect evening.The wine was priced reasonably asnd the beer was ice cold.  We ordered the quartet of brushetta.  It was beautifully plated, visually appealing and delicious.  My wife had the penne alla vodka, which she really enjoyed.  I had the veal Marsala, with a very dark, rich sauce that was a bit too thick for my taste but otherwise excellent.We look forward to going again.
5	Brio is a great place for happy hour. Tasting plates are $2.95.The carpaccio and shrimp tini are awesome. Thursday is Martini night.The bartenders and servers are very friendly and we always have a good time
1	Having enjoyed Brio on the other side of town,on multiple occasions, I arrived with my family early (5pm) because I heard that the wait here is notoriously long. We were quoted 15-25 minutes and happily waited in the lobby. Then 30 minutes goes by and still no table. 45 minutes go by and no table. By this time, everyone coming in is getting the 75 minute wait time that I tried to avoid. .........Real quickly concerning the host staff;  The hostesses are doing the best that they can, yet they're not acting unappreciative of the business that they have. It's almost like a joke when a guests arrives and is quoted 2 hours and there is nothing else to do in the entire area; they just nod their heads and smirk.......like were just too busy to care.Ok, now its getting to be 55 minutes and still no table or even an acknowledgment that were over by 20 minutes. I approach the host stand and notice that there were plenty of names below my name on the wait list that were already crossed off the list; when I asked the hostess, she told me that "they were real busy and we were next" and that they apologize for the wait and that the manager would be buying me a appetizer. Woo Hoo!!  Seriously, then I waited for another 10 minutes and noticed a gentlemen complaining (berating really) to the hostess about his wait time as well, mind you, he arrived 20 minutes after I did. They also apologized to him and said that "he was next". Unfortunately, he wasn't next either.......neither was my family. Fast forward 10 more minutes and that same gentlemen complained again, but more loudly. The hostess promptly sat him at "My Table". I then asked the hostess, and she just stood there like a deer in the headlights and shrugged. I simply handed back the pager and told them that I cannot wait any longer and that we wouldn't be back. Which really doesn't mean anything to them, since they don't seem to care about the guest; I felt like more of a obstacle to the staff than a valued customer. I then went to a competing restaurant in the area that was slow, food was marginal, yet the staff was appreciative of my business. I can forgive a lot, but i cannot forgive this.
5	I love this place. I've tried both locations on town now (Town Square & Tivoli) and I've had 2 great dining experiences.Very cheap happy hour at the bar from 3:30pm-6:30pm and reverse happy hour from 9pm-close where all the food on the happy hour menu is only $2.95! The only drink specials I saw were $5 martinis on Thursday's.Service was friendly and very welcoming and the food at is amazing. I recommend the Pasta Brio, which is rigatoni with a seared mushroom and peppers sauce, the Pasta alla Vodka, homemade pasta filled with ricotta, and the seared shrimp risotto is also delicious. Portions are good for the price and the menu has a lot of choices.This is my favorite Italian restaurant in town. Everything is a hit in this place and if you haven't tried it yet you should get in your car and drive down there right now.
5	Brio is always a happy dining experience.  For this specific location, I've only been for happy hour, but I don't see how their regular menu would differ from their location at Town Square.  Their happy hour must be one of the best!  They have a list of items for $2.95.  Don't let the price fool you though.  Their portions are decent sized.  We always order one of everything, and maybe even two of some other things.  (Don't judge us!!)  How could you not though?  Cheap, good food is so hard to pass up!Their service is always amazing.  They check several times to make sure everything is okay and refill drinks before it is necessary.
4	solid food, great salads, good service.  comfortable and pleasant setting.. good bang for the buck.  what else do you want?  hot sourdough bread?  they have that too..  super nom nom.     the summerlin location is def mellower than the Town Square location.
5	What a fantastic Thursday happy hour this place has! Delicious $2.95 appetizers, $5.00 martinis and great atmosphere. Though happy hour is limited to the bar area and outdoor couches, Brian the manager was kind enough to let us enjoy happy hour at the tables on the patio since the place was so packed. I wish I could remember the name of our server because she was excellent! The bartenders, Alan and Ashley make excellent drinks and always have a smile on their faces. Living in Vegas I've gotten used to the ubiquitous bratty restaurant managers, servers and bartenders who act like you owe them something - they should take a lesson from the staff at Brio Tivoli Village - they are amazing and I can't wait to go back!
5	Lunch at Brios - Our 3 plates were a TRIFECTA of PERFECTION. My Steak Salad was great! Service was A+ too. Highly Recommend Brios. Enjoy =)
1	WTH BRIO you broke my heart.I have visited brio in town square numerous times. but the Brio on Rampart is so much closer to my home. I came to enjoy their wonderful happy hour and great sangria and was heartbroken by the WORST SERVICE I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.1) it took the waitress 35 minutes to take our order. fine fine i'll let that slide..2) the waitress didn't bring us any bread. we thought it was because it was happy hour but all the surrounding tables had bread. 3) we were sitting at a tiny cocktail table with 3 cups of water pitcher of sangria with 3 wine glass plus the salt/pepper sugar... summary. Not much room. when our food came he wouldn't take other dishes away. we asked him nicely to if he could take some dishes away and even passed it to him and he just walked away! HOW FREAKING RUDE. i thought he was going to put something down and come back because we CLEARLY had no room on our tiny little cocktail table to put 4 giant plates on the table and eat comfortably. but guess what. he left. like the jerk he is. 4) when we needed the bill to get out of this place the waitress was no where to be found. this was suppose to be a quick drink eat and go that ended up taking over 2 hours because the waitress forgot we existed. the food was still consistent and delicious as expected. but nothing ruins an eating experience worse than bad customer service.the worst part of this visit was not only was the waitress terrible and inattentive. the food server guy was also terrible. it wasn't just one person that ruined my night. it was TWO. TWO TERRIBLE WORKERS. i couldn't believe the lack of customer service we received at this place.I'll never come back to this Brio again.
3	They have an awesome happy hour, but unfortunately we missed it by 5 minutes. No one else's fault but ours. I had a corona and my husband had a couple long islands. The bbq chicken flat bread was good, nothing special. This place kind of never hits the spot for me, and the food is always just O.K. This time we even knew the assistant manager but it didn't help that the restaurant was so crowded and servers looked a little overwhelmed. I really like the atmosphere thought, so might go back again for happy hour.
4	I figured this was another one of those places that spent more money on decor than quality of food boy was I surprised.  We started with the bruschetta sampler I snagged a steak one with tomatoes parm and a nice hint of balsamic that was great the best thing I had that night.  Also got one of tomato and goat cheese ones which were pretty tasty too.  Next a salad with their creamy parm dressing which was balanced very well also.  Just enough cheese, onions, maters it was great.  Some others had the lobster bisque and said it was fishy even to seasoned fish eaters.  On to the pasta they had a fruit of the sea special which was great hint of spicy red pepper flakes a light sauce that didn't drown out the seafood.  I did have one problem with the dish I got 4 mussels maybe 3 oz of fish. Cut to the size of baby scallops and the scallops that were supposed to be in there were AWOL which is probably why the fish was cut that way.  Now the 4 shrimp I got in there were tender tasty and perfectly cooked just like the rest of the seafood were great but for me I would like to see alot more fruit of the sea. Service was friendly but not best I've had.  Overall a good place great tasting food and one of the few places that I've seen give more than a few raviolis in those dishes wanna go back and try the lobster raviolis and if that plate is smaller than mushroom ravioli plate I'm gonna be pissed.Also the kids plates are really good and the portions are pretty big.
3	My husband and I going out for Happy Hour every other Friday night.  We go to a different location every time as there are so many different places in Las Vegas.  Brio had advertised a $5.00 Martini. I selected one of the specially priced Martini's but when I received the bill, I had been charged $8.99 for it. I asked my server and she ignored me.  The $2.95 small plates were good but after being charged incorrectly and ignored, I'll never go back again.
4	No need to fully gorge on their menu... the flatbreads are excellent enough if are in for a light lunch with a glass of wine. Conducive enough for a group of friends who are more attuned to catching up than gorging.... best thing is they don't rush you to eat your food.
4	I love Italian - Armani, Dolce and Gabbana, Prada, Fendi, Missoni, but......I must admit, I'm not a fan of chain Italian restaurants. I was raised by a real Italian mama and nothing comes close to her sauce, her meatballs, her pasta dishes. I am terribly critical of most Italian restaurants and therefore am very hard to please. I will say that Brio Tuscan Grille has thoroughly impressed this Italian palate. I avoided it like the plague when it opened at Town Square, but when it opened at Tivoli I decided to give Brio a chance. One chance!Well it turned out one chance was all it needed because Brio knocked my Italian socks off. The pasta alla vodka was tremendous, with ricotta stuffed pasta in a cheesy cream sauce. The top was sprinkled with pancetta and basil and the dish was large enough to bring some home for lunch.A friend ordered the lasagna and it was huge - seriously enough for two people.On my most recent visit, we decided to hit the bar before heading over for some wine tasting. What a treat we found in that bar....in the form of a $2.95 menu!!! Wow, it was awfully tasty, and with such selections as ravioli caprese, shrimp and eggplant (EXCELLENT) and a gigantic burger. Oh and Wednesday is Martini night - $5 martinis -- yippee!!!!Good food, good service, good prices. Seriously, what's not to love?
4	This was a fun last-minute lunch place that I and a few friends visited this weekend. I had heard about the place but had never been there. WIth this being the first day to really feel like summer (well, summer in Ohio, where I'm from) I really enjoyed sitting outside and enjoying the sunshine, the breeze and the passers by (including Carrot Top, who said hi as he ambled by). The atmosphere was fun and casual- I really liked the view of the outdoor section where diners sit separated from the sidewalks of Tivoli Village by an attractively scalloped, metal "fence."  Aluminum-colored heating elements spaced throughout the outdoor area looked sculptural and artsy.  Large umbrellas protected patrons from the bright, hot sun.  Our waiter, Brian, had a great personality and made the experience even more enjoyable..I had the risotto with chicken and the tossed salad for about $14.00. It was tasty, but I liked my friend's shrimp version better.  The crusty bread served before the meal was quite enjoyable.  A couple of us had the wedge salad, which was accompanied by a gorgonzola and garlic dressing that, in my opinion, was light and not overpowering. My friends loved that it had bacon.I would definitely come here again and bring family or friends. Now I want to see what it looks like inside!
4	I love this place. Perfect every time. They hit the mark on food, atmosphere, price and service.  The complimentary bread basket is fresh and served with real butter. Most recently I had the fettucini rustica (ordered it with rigatoni instead).  Lots of chicken and sundried tomatos, but not oily and heavy like the penne rustica at Olive Garden. Very attentive servers. The only criticism would be the noise level.  This was a business lunch and at times it was a bit difficult to hear one another.  Must have been all the enthusiastic "yums".
4	Beautiful location!  We have eaten once outside, and twice inside.  The service has been very nice each time.  I've had the Mezza Chicken, Eggplant Pomodoro and the grilled Salmon.  I would order each of them again, very delicious.The calamari on the other hand was too salty for me, but others in my party enjoyed it.  The Quatro Bruschetta was disappointment.  I did have a bruschetta on the specialty menu with proscuitto and asparagus that was very tasty and I would have again.I don't recall the names of all the drinks that I have tried; one was a martini with Absolute Raspberry, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice (missing some ingredients).  It was incredible!  The only problem was that it didn't come in a bigger glass, (careful, this one goes down quick).  The other was a strawberry lemonade with fresh strawberries, fresh basil and prosecco.  I know, fresh basil seems strange, but I'm going to try and make this one at home, I loved it so much!
4	Good food that's consistent at a descent price. Would go to again, try the pasta Brio with extra chicken
3	We were so excited to have Brio come to Summerlin.  We decided to give it a shot and thought we would have to wait for seating.  We were very pleased we did not have to wait long at all.  We were impressed with the menu selection and had heard many great things.  This set our expectation high.  The food was good we ordered steak and pasta.  The service however was lacking.  Our water glasses were not checked and we were seated right next to the kitchen.  The manager was on her cell phone in the open kitchen having an emotional conversation and the staff did not appear to help each other out.  One of the waitresses was crying and two appeared to be angry at each other.  We highly value service and on our visit it was lacking.  By the end of the meal we were discussing that we would have enjoyed a meal at Carrabbas more.  It may have just been the evening we decided to go and we have discussed giving Brio another try, it wasn't bad but it was only OK and we were hoping for WOW!
3	location is good, Service was great but my food I have to admit was ok ordered the seared shrimp risotto was salty and oily, unexpected?? But i was hungry and ate it,as I came with a big party and did not want to complain,, but it seems the chicken and sweet potato risotto,looked more like risotto, mine look like a red mess,, maybe I will go back and try  their martini thursday, happy hour...
4	Love the happy hour. Out door seating is awesome, fast service and great food. The flat bread pizzas are great, but my favorite was the beef carpaccio. Only had the apps, but they were tasty enough we didn't need to order entres.
4	Spent last Saturday cruising the Tivoli Village Farmer's Market and once we'd loaded up on Kettle corn and asparagus, we decided to grab a bite to eat.  Having dined at the Brio in Town Square, and enjoyed it several times, we decided to give this location a go.The patio was lovely at 11am on a Saturday. We managed to get there before the rush, so we had our pick of seats and it was quiet and very relaxing. Our server wasn't the best in the world. He was a tall slim guy (though all the servers seemed to be super tall and slim) with a huge band-aid on the side of his neck. I assume this was to cover some kind of tattoo, but it wasn't that appetizing, i'll be honest.However, because he was so soft spoken and meek, I thought maybe he had some kind of life-saving throat or neck surgery and cut him some slack.  His service was super slow and he forgot about us a few times, but I refused to let it ruin the brunch and let Mr. Potential Cancerous Goiter and/or Criss Angel Tattoo off without griping.The peach bellini is TO DIE for. So good and comes in a giant pint glass. I thought it was going to be a simple bellini in a champagne flute, but no, this was like a booze slurpee. For $7. I'll have two next time.I had the eggs benedict, which was absolutely delicious. The grilled asparagus that came with it was gone in 30 seconds. I like my poached eggs on the medium-well side and mine came so runny they were almost cold inside (which I realize is how some folks like them). But the manager, who happened to be walking by, had them remake them, despite my protests. She was really attentive and personable. I should've gotten her name -- she's got long dark hair and blue eyes, kinda on the wee side.I'd definitely go back to this location, especially  for brunch. There's some berry stuffed french toast I've got my eye on...
4	Great food , the salmon was to die for.The waiter was informative and had a stupid attitude when we had questions ,good price  4 star since it was my first time here and I hate rude and very unfriendly waiter
3	After not loving our first experience at Brio, we visited for a second time with some friends to see if things had improved. There was nothing particularly wrong with our experience, but it wasnt mind blowing either. The service was adequate and we enjoyed dining outside. The bread given as a starter was good and my wifes Caesar salad was tasty. I ordered the seafood pasta and three of my clams were not opened, they could recognise this before sending it out. My pasta had way too much sauce and the fish was almost invisible. One of the meals came out with the wrong noodles but they apologised immediately and made a new one quickly without fuss which was great. It feels like Brio is trying to be upscale but cutting costs on the food. There are several Italian restaurants in town where the food is spectacular and while Brio is decent, it doesnt meet the level of some of these other places.
4	Very nice place. Great food. I tried the mixed grille. I love the spicy aftertaste.The lobster soup was very good.
4	I went for my birthday lunch today. They were pretty busy for lunch. We got seated within 10 minutes, by the friendly hostess, at a lovely corner table near the kitchen. Our server, Tom, was on his A game. He greeted us and immediately got the drink order. What I appreciate is communication, and he let us know that he'd be right back. While taking our order, I let him know that I had a birthday voucher for Shrimp Scampi and beef medallions and my friend got the Chipotle Chicken & Bacon Panini with to Ceasar salads, in addition. The best was when Tom asked me how I wanted the medallions cooked. I asked Tom what the meat was and he said 'cow'. AWSOME! I laughed. The salads came right away and were delicious. Plenty of dressing and parm (the way I like it), with sweet Romain lettuce. Shortly after, came the fresh flat bread and bread basket with butter that tasted like it was homemade. This Brio seems more open and brighter than it's big sister. The food came the second my salad dish was removed and it looked beautiful. It tasted even better. It was an amazing birthday lunch and I am happy with our service from Tom. Thank you, Brio Tivoli!
3	Pretty much what you would expect from a nice chain.  The food is decent, but not too creative.  The patio is a great location when the weather is decent and the drinks are just fine.  I sampled the Tuscan Stuffed Peppers, the Bruschetta and the Calamari. The stuffed peppers were the best with a nice mix of sausage and creamy cheese filling.  Calamari was decent, cooked properly, but not outstanding.  The bruschetta was our least favorite - the bread was very dry, without enough moisture from the toppings to soften it.  This resulted in the entire piece crumbling after the first bite.Our service was fine.
2	I have heard good things about Brio, and when my friend asked me to go with her, I was like "sure, why not? Maybe this will be my new place to go". but it's not...When we walked in, I thought the decoration made the place feel so empty, maybe we went at a slow time? But I don't like the decoration at all. The waiter that served us, according to my friend, was a bit annoying. I thought he was okay, definitely not great though.We had the spicy shrimp and eggplant appetizer, I thought that one wasn't bad at all, I actually liked it. My friend and I shared a pasta (I don't remember the name), and I thought it was alright, it wasn't appealing. For dessert, we had creme brulee and tiramisu. The creme brulee was good, unlike most people, I like the filling more than the caramel part, and their creme brulee has more filling than other places, so I was very pleased. On the other hand, the tiramisu wasn't that great, there was a strong rum taste in it. Maybe it's just me, I don't like that having too much rum in the tiramisu, so it was bad to me.Overall, this place is only a one time thing for me, I don't think I'll go back unless I want to give this place another try.
4	was at the brio tonight food was great  alittle  pricey,,,
4	Our service was great!! I Like the salad alot but they are going to take out the menu.. Not sure why....
3	Brio is A-OK. Really nice patio seating with great friendly service. The chopped salad was decent...fresh and well dressed. The eggplant pomodoro was ok...could hardly tell the cooked-to-death mush inside was once eggplant, but it was edible. The pasta it came with was very good, perfectly cooked with a very nice balance of garlic, seasoning, and oil. Next time, I'll have a simple pasta dish; they seem to know their pasta. The desserts were very good. I had the mocha pannacotta, and my friends had tiramisu and choc lava cake...all very, very good. I can't give it more than a solid 3-star rating (this review ain't bad overall...it's just that mushy low-flavor eggplant that's sticking in my craw...maybe when I go back I'll be able to push it to 4 stars if I'm a big fan of whatever I order then). Still, it's a decent enough eatery at a decent enough price to go back.
4	Delicious Italian restaurant with a great atmosphere located close to the airport.  This will become one of my favorite restaurants to come. to.  Relaxing, good service and after dinner, you can walk around looking at some great retail establishments.
4	I've been to the Happy Hour twice in one week!  This is a really great HH, but let me warn you, it's a girly HH.  Because as my husband said, "There's nothing but martinis and mojitos on this damn drink list!"  It's true, 95% of the menu is sugary and girly concoctions, but sometimes I like me a good lemon drop!Opinions on the drinks:The drinks are nicely made and tasty and they're all only $5.  My favorite is one of the special ones they have on Wednesdays that is like a lemon drop with basil.  The sangria rosa is better than the white peach sangria.  The strawberry mojito tastes like fresh strawberries.  The red wine is a good, dry one.Opinions on the food:This is the money maker right here.  During HH, they have a special food list where everything is $3.95.  My husband and I ordered a hamburger to share.  Wowza, when it came out, it was like the size of a Carl's Jr. burger and it came with homemade potato chips.  What, what, what?  This whole thing is only $4?  And it was a delicious hamburger with melted provolone cheese and a zingy little secret sauce.  The gentleman next to us ordered the spicy crispy shrimp and a sausage flatbread, both of which were also generously sized for the $4 pricetag.  When I went with my friend, we ordered the ravioli caprese.  Very tasty, but it only comes with 3 ravioli.  Come on...you give out a huge burger and chips, but only 3 ravioli?  I was a little disappointed in that.  We also ordered the shrimp and eggplant which has a really nice smoky sauce to it.It does get crowded during the HH, and sometimes you have to wait a while to get the bartender's attention, but that is what you have to expect when it's a great HH.  My advice: get there around 3:30 so you can find a seat and put an order in before the rush!
5	I love going to Brio's happy hour ! There are select plates for $3.95 and mojitos for $5.00. I typically get the burger ,crispy shrimp and the pizza. It works out great because my coworkers can order one item each and we just share of each others plates. The Mojitos really hit the spot after a long day at work . They are nice and sweet! The patio area also has comfy couches you can sit on but I would suggest bringing sunglasses when dining in the patio area because the sun can be  quite strong. Brio has the cheapest Happy Hour I have experienced. You would think for the price they would skimp on the food but their portions are big enough to share!
2	I hate to say this, but this place is lame.We made reservations for 5 at 8:30. We came in and waited to be seated. There was no host/hostess at the front. Waited for a solid 10 minutes and finally 2 hostesses came and apologized for the wait. Why are there 2 hostesses if they are BOTH going to be occupied at the same time? Fine whatever.Got seated outside. We made reservations for 5. Got four plates and sets. I asked for one more set... And I got the "Oh did I miss a set?" Yes you did. No biggie. Service is really bad. Not even mediocre, bad. Waited forever to get our orders in, very disappointing. I ordered the lasagna, but 20 mins into it (after we were served calamari and carpacciio, the only decent items on the menu), they came in to let me know they ran out. 20 mins later? Whatever, fine. They told me they could make me a spaghetti with bolognese sauce. I opted for that. Everyone's meal came earlier and they all waited for mine to come out (even though I insisted they go ahead and eat). I finally got this "bolognese" but it was like a pasta stew. Everyone knows bolognese is meat sauce and it's not supposed to be mushy and soggy and filled with sauce, but meat. It looked like they threw on the lasagna ragu. It was terrible! Even the meat of the sauce was not edible.At this point I was done. My mother insisted that I let them know I didn't get what I ordered. I assumed that my voice wouldn't be heard considered the already bad service... but the Manager was the only redeeming quality of this joint: She offered an apology (that's all I expected), and dessert around the table. She didn't have to do that and that was nice. For that, they get one star.Without it, it wouldn't be anything.I would NOT come back here again and do not recommend this place for anyone who wants a romantic or nice italian experience. Bad food, bad service.
4	In my opinion this is one of the best Happy Hours in town. Hours are 3 to 6:30.   I had attempted to try Happy Hour here once before but it was packed and now I know why.  All the drinks are $5 and the apps are $3.95.  I had the Strawberry Mojito and the boyfriend had the Mango Mojito.  For food we ordered the Margherita Flatbread and the Ravioli Caprese.  Everything was good.  This is a spot you need to get to early to secure seating but well worth it!  Five stars if  it ended at 7:00!
4	Love their happy hour. Once of the best ones in town. It use to be 2.95 awhile back ago. They raised the appetizer prices to 3.95... but seriously, it's worth it. 3.95 is still a steal especially for this girl! Not much of a bar area compared to their other location at town square. It's also quite busy so if you don't go there early, you may not get a seat. Appetizers we ordered:1) Brio burger: Cut into 4. Simple burger.. but really well done. A fluffy bread with a juicy patty. 2) Ravioli Caprese: 5 pieces of breaded cheese ravioli. Fried to perfection. 3) Beef Carpaccio: MY FAVORITE DISH. Thinly sliced salty meat. What more could you ask for?4) Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant: Another delicious dish.5) Crispy Shrimp Piccante: Boyfriend lIt was more than enough for the both of us but we seriously wanted to try everything. The drinks are delicious. Just martinis mostly. No beer. But well, it's all good. Cause I have my 3.95 appetizers.
4	Go to happy hour!! Cheap and very, very good. And the appetizers arrive FAST. You have to sit in the bar to get happy hour prices, but it's worth it. The place is fairly upscale and the restaurant is expensive. The bar packs fast, so go early. Happy hour lasts until 6:30.
5	Went to brio to grab a quick bite for lunch with my sister , we set at the bar ordered couple of items carpaccio and flat bread , the food was great but the best thing was the service the bartender Jim was absolutely amazing great knowledge very proffasional and great personality.We will defiantly go back to see him . That what I call service
4	I was coming here since this place (finally) opened on my side of town.  The happy hour is just amazing.  It was $2.99 for like 8 different dishes, but I recently went back and was disappointed to find that happy hour dishes are now $3.99.  The bartender told me they have some newer items, and the portions are bigger.  I wouldn't know as I went for the burger, which did not change in size.  They also told me they added $5 cocktails, which also didn't matter to me as I was drinking a regular priced Stella, if I remember correctly.I came back a few weeks later and had two apps, the beef carpaccio and the crispy shrimp.  I almost always get the carpaccio, so I was pretty excited when indeed a bigger plate arrived.  Except once I was digging in, I found that they had sliced the meat thinner than before, and so it seemed like the same amount... or LESS!  The meat kind of stuck to the plate, so it wasn't the same enjoyable appetizer that I was used to.The crispy shrimp were a nice addition to the menu, though.  Tasty, plentiful, and not too much breading.  I definitely enjoyed that.  I also tried a $5 sangria rosa just so I could sample their drink menu, and it was good, but it didn't blow me away.This is still one of the best happy hours on this side of town, but it's not the "oh my god we have to go there" deal that it once was.
4	I could eat the carpaccio all day. It's THAT good, and not filling. The server was also really nice and down to earth. She would even joke with us. I haven't tried any other food at this location, so take what you want from this review.
5	This location is 10x times better than Town Square. Plus we had an amazing waitress. Good job and keep it up!
4	Love brio always the best food
5	Always delicious. Still has the best lava cake I can find anywhere. The chicken limone is always delicious, as well as the Caesar salad. Pasta alla vodka was to die for! Also, get the bruschetta sampler if you've never had their's before. Guaranteed you will find a permenant favorite for the future.
4	Came here with my wife for our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised. The food is excellent. I got the crabcakes (crab and shrimp) and they were awesome. My wife got a chicken dish where the chicken was breaded and skewered over mashed potatoes (don't know the name of the dish) and it was a ton of food.My only complaint, but it was a minor one due to a pet peeve of mine is that our server seemed a little aloof. Never around when I actually wanted him to be. Not sure where he was since the kitchen area is all open so you can you the server's stations, etc. I think we could have been out of their 10-15 minutes sooner had he been around. It wasn't just at the end of our meal, but also during. Seemed kind of weird for the type of establishment. I still give it 4 stars and will for sure try it again, but may have to change my rating if I end up having a similar experience.
2	Brio's Happy Hour is getting worse and worse.  I would have given Brio a strong 3 stars or a week 4 months ago.  I still think their Sunday Brunch is solid and the dinner options are fine.  There are certainly better options out there for both.  Their wine list has always been stale and conventional.The most disappointing thing is their changing quality and quantity of HH items.  HH was the best thing they had going for them.  The first month that their Happy Hour was going the portions were much larger and it seemed as if more care was taken...when their burger was first added it was great for the price.  The patty has changed and it is now a crappy burger covered up in a good I-N-O style burger spread.
4	Oh Brio's HAPPY HOUR is probably one of my top HH places! You can not beat their $3.95 appetizers and $5 drinks! Well actually before their apps were only $2.95 but hey it's only a $1 increase.. I can handle that! Haha my must haves when I go are the beef carpaccio & spinach artichoke dip! My man and I usually share the burger as well.. The sucky part about this place would be that you can never tell if you're going to be able to get a spot or not.. The best place to sit is inside in one of the booths or outside by the firepit if you have a big group but it can get pretty busy.  ... Boo! But hey what can you do..!?Tip: It is right in front of the COMPLIMENTARY valet! easy and fast~
4	you can never go wrong with Brio. They have a good variety of options and pretty much everything on their menu is very tasty. I would highly recommend this place for happy hour. You can not beat their prices on their food and drinksservices: Goodprep time: 15 minatmosphere:  trendy, clean Best Thing:  free bread !! :)
4	Of the two locations, this is the better. Happy hour is the only reason that brings me to Brio. For Italian food, there are better venues around Vegas. As for HH, this is one of the better. The offering of drinks tend to sway my judgement. The Town Square location lacks drink offerings. For $5, a decent size list of specialty cocktails has something for most. The two food items I ordered was enough to tide me over. The beef carpaccio with mixed greens is one of my regularly favorites. The shrimp with eggplant was a solid option as well. As an in between snack to banish hunger, a better deal is hard to come by. One drink and two appetizers for $14. Check please.
4	The Brio  (location #2 west of the strip), is a new favorite stop when we come to Las Vegas. Service was outstanding, our wait staff highly informed and knowledgeable about all the menu items. We were there with a group of 10 and the service didn't suffer at all.  I couldn't recommend this restaurant higher.  Can't wait for my next visit...
4	I would be such a happy camper if this restaurant chain opened up in California!  Their remoulade sauce and calamari is divine.  The shrimp and crabcakes with perfectly roasted vegetables (carrots, onions, peppers, asparagus, zucchini, etc.) are clean-your-plate ridiculous.  The cheesecake alone rivals the best with its cracked sugar crust, creme anglaise and peach melba (sweet raspberry) sauce drizzled all over its decadent behind.  Aww such bliss exists truly in a well prepared dinner!  The staff is also attentive and aware when you want to have a quiet moment or a full on party....
5	Great lunch spot! See Candace at the bar...
2	Sorry....but this place was an utter failure.I know all places have bad nights but there were too many issues from different parts of the house to ignore.First..and foremost..the waiter. Careless..and almost like he didn't give a rats ass we were there cause he deserved a tip anyways.My wife asked for the a pasta dish and NO mushrooms...of course it came out with mushrooms. Mother in law ordered the steak with veggies and mashed potaotes. Whoever was on the line was horrible. Veggies and mashed potatoes were ice cold and never should have left the kitchen. Another order of the fish was a letdown with over cooked and dried out fish.Come on..the line failed, the person on the gill failed, and the server was a joke. Another example of over trendy and overhyped Summerlin crap.
5	Came for happy hour and could not have asked for a better experience. It is worth mentioning, however, that happy hour usually PACKS the bar area... and in our case had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. If you are planning to come here for HH, show up right at the start so you can get a table right away.We enjoyed some white peach sangria, mango mojitos, and appetizers, all of which were great. The spicy shrimp and Brio burger are by far the best dishes, but anything on the menu will be great for sharing at the table. Next time you are looking for an early dinner or share some drinks with friends, do stop by this awesome restaurant.
4	The dining room is comfortable and offers a variety of seating. Also there is a shaded outdoor patio. Happy Hour  lounge indoor and outdoor seating  is a great deal with food and drinks.On this visit we had dinner in the dining room. The room was conversation friendly. For a starter we chose the Bruschetta Quattro which was wonderful. Our entrees were the Chicken Limone and Cioppino. The Chicken was a large portion, very moistand perfectly cooked. The Cioppino arrived with 2 clams and 1 mussel that were not open. Our waitress apologized and reported the problem to the chef. She returned with a large plate of clams and mussels and again apologized. The Cioppino had a good variety of seafood and I would order it again. Overall Brio has a large menu with something for everyones taste. The service is professional and timely.
2	Although the food was decent, the service here was horrific. My husband is allergic to onions and asked about a particular entre. He was assured that there were no onions in this meal. When the food finally arrived (after nearly and hour) it was full of onion. When we said something to the waiter, he proceeded to argue with us then laugh at my husband. Another waiter noticed the incident and promptly stepped in to try and make it right. We ended up paying for a meal that wasn't even touched and not once did my husband receive any sort of apology.
5	Love this place, something nice for summerlin.  This is a great  restaurant for birthdays, date nights, dinner with my friends etc.  Great service above average for price point in fact.  It is often crowded but always seem to get a seat with no wait unless I'm with a group. Love the mints when you leave.  I have been getting the Shrimp Verdutta which I can't eat all at once but always take home and eat the next day too.  SO good.  I easily would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a nice dinner not over priced.  Just took my parents here in fact.
1	What the heck happened to this place? The service is now terrible. The girl who sat us was rude. I stated ahead of time we wanted a booth. I recently herniated three discs so sitting in a wood chair sucks for me. So of course they tried to sit us in wooden chairs. She had a mini fit when I reminded her I asked for a booth. Trust me it sucks to be young and have had an accident I don't need a 19 year old treating me like I'm being difficult.To top it off it took twenty minutes for a waitress to come by. She seemed shocked no one had been by to take our drink order. By this time we had our menus sat to the side and were ready to order our meal. There's to many good restaurants in this town to deal with bad service.
4	We'll be back. Good service. Great food. Wine that is good and priced right. Before dinner we enjoyed the spicy shrimp & eggplant (save some sauce to dip your fresh baked bread in. Followed by Veal Milanese. I was way too full for desert. Probably the bread & sauce that did me in.
4	Delicious food, great portions and kid friendly. I always order the Mahi mahi or whatever seafood dish they are offering. Waitstaff are wonderful and attentive. 4 out of 5 stars for the hostesses. Ive gone in quite a few times and its always teenage girls standing there talking to each other, offer me no smile or greeting upon entering or leaving. Had a nice talk with the manager that was more than open to hearing me out and agreeing there is a problem. I will be back for the delish food for sure =)
5	I always enjoy the food and the drinks here.  Great atmosphere and happy hour!
3	Nice atmosphere. Reasonable service on a very busy night. The roasted veggies were good. The lemon chicken was hard and dry, not at all warm and they were stingy with the butter. We had to ask several times for more bread and butter. This was not my typical experience here, the lunch experience was much better.
4	I take clients here because it's a place I can always rely on. The food is consistently fresh and expertly-prepared, with a professional and gracious staff, and an outstanding interior and atmosphere.
4	Saturday, Brunch. Outside. Mojitos. Perfect. Service was great. Not too pushy to get us out of there. (they were busy) I hadn't tried this part of the the menu before and wasn't excited about it but the omlet was just fine. I usually eat the crab cakes at the location at Town Cener. But, the service there has gone downhill. It's like McDonalds Ronalds playland when you sit outside there. It sucks. You try and have a great meal and surrounding you is kids crying and running. Yes, I said running, around you. Nobody seems to notice ? I told the server I wouldn't be back since that was the 2nd dinner I had that experience. Apparently is not just a family restaurant,it's kiddie land....So, stick to the location on Rampart, so far, they haven't gone downhill...
5	I loved everything I've eaten here & they have always had great service @ both locations!
5	As a former employee for brio, i can honestly say their food is top-notch. I was there tonight for happy hour and the bar was really full but the bartender jim (james g) was outstanding and handled the high volume of customers with a sense of urgency and still made time to be personable to not only me, but almost everyone at the busy bar. The food is always amazing, and that goes for the happy hour food as well. Im glad i live close by now so i can visit more regularly here.
5	Just had the Sunday brunch at Brio.  The crab and shrimp cakes were delicious.  Service was awesome today!  Location is beautiful.  I have eaten at the Brio at both town square and Tivoli and been very happy with both locations in as Vegas.
4	The food is very good and I really like the ambience.  Lots of choices for trying to eat vegetarian and they're willing to improvise the menu if there's something you want. I'm still not sure about it's location in Tivoli, which appears to be a shopping center with only restaurants (?).
4	Great happy hour prices on food!!!
1	The service is terrible. The girl who sat us was rude. It took over seven minutes for anyone to even acknowledge we were there.  After we finally got drinks and a menu, we were hurried to order our food. When our meal arrived, it was cold and the flatbread was soggy.There's too many good restaurants in this town to deal with bad service and mediocre food.
4	Good food in a nice and relaxing setting.  I come primarily for the Beef Carpacio - a huge platter of very thinly sliced raw beef, drizzled with a delicious aioli, a healthy sized salad in the middle, and big Parmesan crisps.  It's delicious!!!We've had the pastas, lamb chops, steaks, and other entrees here.  Generally speaking we find them to be a bit salty for our taste, but the portions are healthy and the quality of ingredients is very good.  Overall a pretty consistent restaurant in a nice setting.  We've been to both the Town Square and Tivoli Village location and have enjoyed them equally.
4	I had dinner with the family and decided too try Brio again since couple weeks ago the wait was too long for my brother guys my nieces. Happily not much of wait at all most part soon walked in got seated. They had live band playing outside that night outside on the patio. So the place had nice lively vibe too it especially around the patio/bar area. So I do need too come back because like the whole outdoor, open fire pit, and HH prices looks like steal. I came in for dinner with the family. We ordered two appetizers too share start artichoke spinach dip and calamari. Both really good. I enjoyed about the artichoke spinach dip was the fact it came with lavosh crackers rather then typical beard. It gave the dish another spin with the crispy lavosh topped with nice hot dip on top! It was nice creamy texture, vibrant green color, and great flavor. The calamari was solid nice crispy moist hot on in the inside comes with two different sauce one traditional marinade sauce and other not sure. Each sauce paired nice with the crispy calamari. Both were great starter before our entrees.I had the chicken milanese. Break it down same as chicken parmesan. The chicken breast had perfect golden crust on the outside nice crispy and cooked perfectly on the inside! It was nice HOT and moist throughout! It served on bed of noodles cooked perfectly and saute with in some kind of butter sauce. Outside around the bed of pasta had red sauce. I really enjoyed everything on the plate nothing left too show!The atmosphere feel like upscale version of Olive Garden. The prices are not that really upscale might be slightly more expensive then Olive Garden. It great alternative if looking for Italian food. The staff there from time walked in too our server all greeted us with smile, warm welcome, and fabulous job! If in the near the area would stop by again.
4	When ever we come in, it's always beyond busy so rather than wait an hour for a table, we usually request to sit at the bar bc there's hardly ever a wait, service is quick and they have tvs for those days when we wanna watch a game.Carpaccio is my FAV here, I crave for the damn thing. Unfortunately I get too full off of that and the dinner bread that I don't really get the chance to try anything else. DISCLAIMER: I don't eat very much so appetizers usually do me fine as an entry-- don't judge me.The ONLY complaint that I have about our visits to this restaurant is that the parking SUCKS. We end up putting the car in Valet than bother with parking.
4	Food was great. A romantic place to go on a date.
4	An old friend of mine turned me on to Brio and I fell in love! I have never experienced bad service at the Tivoli Village location. The down fall for my husband and I is that the bill can add up quite quickly, by the time we have added drinks, salads and a few of those little mini desserts. It's worth it though, the peach sangria (get the pitcher) is yummo, and those mini desserts are even better! My husband can be a picky eater too, and he is always able to find something on the menu that he can eat. The kids menu is pretty good too, the kids hamburger is huge and they love the fries!
5	I am constantly surprised with how much we enjoy our time, food, drinks, and the staff at Brio.  Whereas most chains fall short in the personality department, the bar crew here is supreme.  Mandy, Kelly, Jim and all of the rest of the team know how to hustle and entertain while keeping the cocktails and delicious cuisine flowing.We started coming here for the unbeatable $3.95 happy hour menu (3-6:30 and 9-close weekdays) , but now it has become high on our go-to list of places to feel amongst friends.
4	My dinner here was quite a pleasant surprise. I was at Tivoli Park for an event and suggested Brio for dinner since we were there. I dined at a Brio at a different location, but it had been a few years. We had to wait for a few minutes, but that's expected on a Saturday night. Once we were seated, our server took our drink order and then our food order. The wait wasn't very long and the food was delicious. I had the Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto. My partner had the lasagne. My meal was absolutely scrumptious. I was hesitant about ordering it, but my server guaranteed me that I would enjoy it. He was right. I tasted the lasagna and it was cheesy and tasty. There was nothing special about the service. It was average. The restaurant was a little louder than I. Ike, but once my meal arrived, I easily forgot about that. I'll definitely go back more often.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. The food here is good, but the management is terrible. We brought a (good) bottle of wine to enjoy with our dinner. The server told us she couldn't open it. We asked to speak to a manager. She told us that they had a very good wine list and it was against the law to open the bottle. Since members in our party were in the industry they knew this was untrue (especially since we purchased one bottle also). Also she made no effort at a service recovery (we would've refused it anyway, but the effort would've been respectable). So terrible management ruined our meal.
4	I've been here twice and Brio has done just swell. Start with a decent wine, of which they have many. You don't have to break the bank to get a good one. We found a nice Ruffino that we liked so much, we had a couple bottles. Small groups do great here -- especially in the sharing department. (The bread/cracker basket is dangerous, be forewarned). Now, should you order the carpaccio appetizer (which I recommend you do), be prepared for a large portion that you'll either share, or have no need for an entree.  Good meat, tangy argula and shaved parm: all good.   This second time, I was set to have a salad but randomly queried if there was anything not on the menu. Gazpacho I was told, and yay to that!  It had excellent flavors, and a pleasant texture, complemented with just enough kick. Mmm. And it was cold, of course. Truly an excellent way to start a meal -- especially since it was, um, 110 degrees outside -- at least!Despite the weather, we were very comfortable inside. Service flowed effortlessly -- or maybe that was the wine. Still, I enjoyed a very good Filet, cooked to order. This is not a steakhouse, of course. Rather Brio has many things they offer - with a Mediterranean way about them. Entrees are typically served with their mashed potatoes (which I couldn't imagine), but our Server was flexible: she easily swapped the spuds for spinach. The pastas looked, and I'm told, are good. There was a nice salmon a few folks ordered. Tasted it myself, and it was perfectly fine -- with some memorable flavors that right now I forget. Really, there were no sour notes here. Which leads me to dessert --- always fun with a group. We tried several, and they were all outstanding. Seriously, we must have had three or four we worked on. Top things off with good coffee, or espresso, and you're good.
2	First time in this new location.Meh.Looks like they've fizzled out. Noting special. Nothing really good.
4	We only had drinks there since we arrived late and our friends were already done eating. Service was good and the waitress was very friendly. The drinks were good and I would consider returning in the future to try their food. They have $5 happy hour on weekdays too
4	I love this place. I love the lobster bisque!! It was delicious, I often think about it. I've loved everything I've ever ordered... The steak, the mahi mahi, the vegetarian ravioli, and dessert. Must. Order. Dessert! Get the sampler, the whole sampler. Yum
2	Very Disappointed!  I have been to Happy Hour at the Summerlin location a couple of times and enjoyed the appetizer menu and the prices. Thought it would be a nice place to take my friend for her birthday.  I made reservations the day before for the 2 of us. When I arrived (early)  I told the hostess that I was there and would let her know when my friend showed up. I told her it was my friend's birthday and asked it they did anything special. She said "Oh yes!  She would post it on her reservation list."  When she seated us It was on time at 8:00PM on Wednesday night and the place was not the least bit crowded.  In fact it was very slow.  I asked her if I could see their brunch menu.  She said that it was just their regular menu. I have seen others post on here about their eggs benedict and other "brunch" items".  hmmm. Maybe I just missed it on the regular menu. I wasn't planning on ordering anything from that menu, but wanted to consider it for a later occasion.When the waiter came, he was very gracious. He asked if we wanted any appetizers before dinner. I told him that I would like the bruschetta. NEVER GOT IT! I also ordered the lobster bisque and it was excellent. My friend ordered the 7 ounce steak and said that it was very good.  I ordered the "Pasta Brio".  I have had better at Applebees. Seriously!  I had also seen on this site that some had raved about their bread basket and how wonderful their rolls were..  We didn't get a bread basket. I had to ask another waiter for it. It arrived with just little slices of some kind of toast - No rolls. My wine was a 4 ounce glass of Cabernet. $13. THIRTEN Dollars!!! It was decent, but certainly not worth $13.  Hey this is not a Strip destination spot.  It's an upscale locals restaurant (At least I thought so.)I may come back for Happy Hour, but doubt if I eat dinner here again, Highly overpriced menu.  PS: Didn't have anything for a birthday - no dessert or anything. This is the only review for a restaurant I have ever written.
5	I like the vibes of Italy @Brio, the food is great especially the happy hour @the bar! Check it out!
5	Great service and food. Highly recommended and perfect casual lunch and dinner place for everyone.
5	Stellar customer service, in this city these days, say what?!!  It's true folks, Tivoli- Brio blew me away with their attentiveness and spectacular customer service during my dinner last night.Greeted by two perky hostesses the (I assume) Manager escorted my date and I to our table.  Before we could even place the cloth napkins on our laps our server was at our table kindly taking our drink orders.  Sifting through the menus placed on the table, wine list, dinner menu, I stumbled upon the GLUTEN FREE menu! Yes, a special menu just for me.. My excitement continued when I browsed the decent list of gluten free options, including pasta.  Fellow allergy sufferers would agree that most restaurants name their basic protein dishes their "gluten free option's"..pause while I yawn.. But I digress.I thoroughly enjoyed my Cesar salad with CRISP, fresh Romain lettuce, dressed to perfection. My taste buds were then taken on a gluten free amazing pasta trip that was out of this world..Two glasses of wine and a full belly later, this girl was a happy diner.  The manager checked on our table while we dined, bussers were exceptionally attentive clearing plates promptly, and our server was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive as well.All in all I give this Brio (2) very solid thumbs up.  I sincerely hope they keep up the above average customer service and delicious gluten free menu options.West Side, should we meet again and I am in the mood for Italian food, Brio you're at the top of my list!
5	Great Italian food. Try the steak salad on the lunch menu. Very good! This location and the Town Square location, both have consistently good food and great service. The Tivoli Village location is closer to home, but they are both good.
5	We went on a Wednesday for $5 Martinis and for Happy Hour in the bar area.  Almost every seat was taken, except for 2 chairs at the bar.  They were located on Rampart Blvd in the Tivoli Village in Las Vegas.We ordered 3 appetizers and a couple of Martinis:Spinach, Garlic and Artichoke Dip:  The dip came in a small bowl with parmesan flat bread.Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant:  The bartender recommended this dish and it was very good.  The egglplant was lightly breaded.  We needed some complimentary bread to soak up all the sauce.Shrimptini:  We ordered one each.  There were 8 good sized shrimp on a bed of lettuce in a martini glass.My friend ordered a Pomegranatini with a slice of lime and a Flirtini with a cherry.   She liked the Pomegranatini better and would order it again.We would order all 3 appetizers again and will be back soon.
4	I have been to Brio multiple times and we always leave satisfied. They have cheap lunch specials which are always tasty. Last time I ordered a chop salad and a flatbread for like $7 and I had left-overs!For dinner they have great pastas and meat dishes. I also love their panini's and salad combo. They also have weekday specials with $5 martini's on wednesdays!
2	I have been to Brio a dozen times or more and I think each time, my experience lacks  more and more.  At dinner tonight, my salad was dripping with dressing and the calamari had some horrific sauce glopped all over it.  What's the point of frying calamari if then you drown it in some sauce that is incredibly heavy and masks any taste of the squid.  On top of that, the service was less than average.  Other than a nice place to dine al fresco, I don't have any interest in returning.
5	Great attentive hostess and waiter. Fantastic atmosphere!  Great artichoke dip with fantastic flatbread.  Lobster bisque is fantastic along with an entree of Lobster Shrimp Fettuccine making for a great meal. I could sit and eat here all day, the Lobster Shrimp Fettuccine was perfect from the perfect noodles to the balance of everything .  Compliments!
4	GREAT happy hour! Drinks are $5 the peach sangria is my favorite. I tried their strawberry mojito and that was not good at all. Also a good variety of happy hour appetizers to choose from. I wish they could incorporate more items that aren't fried. Very spacious and clean. They also have the best lobster bisque! I can never remember which pasta dishes I get when I go for lunch/dinner but I have never been disappointed. They also have an outdoor seating area. My boyfriend and I have a favorite dish there which is the seared steak salad or sometimes for a healthier version we substitute it the steak for salmon. great mixture of greens and the dressing they use is so delicious. A good amount of food for the price you pay. Comparing it to the TS location I believe this is a little smaller but I like both. No complaints!
1	My family and I were celebrating my mother in laws birthday, when a pigeon that had gotten into the restaurant pooped on my sister in law!  It did it twice; the first time we thought someone had flipped sauce on her, and three of us helped her get it out of her hair.  The second time, we looked around and noticed the bird above her head.  The staff was disgustingly unprofessional, insulted us with a 20 dollar gift card after we spent 500 dollars on food (that's not even enough to go back and have the meal paid for!!), the waiters and waitresses laughed, told other guests, swore, and mocked our family.  Your staff implying that a filthy disease ridden animal defecating on guests near the kitchen of your restaurant is out of the company's policy to make things right makes me shudder to think what else you would not help on.  I've had better customer service in every single other restaurant I've ever attended.  To make matters worse, when posting complaints on your Facebook wall, after talking to my sister in law who ever manages that account LIED and said she was fine with how things were handled!  Your customer service is disgusting and as we now see on more than just your one restaurants standard.  We are a family of 20 adults with in laws, 30 grandchildren and have been established in Las Vegas.  Your lack of class and neglegance has lost all of our business and all of extended family and friends business.
5	Always have a great meal here. Carpaccio here is amazing. The lights at night along with the beautiful scenic European looking buildings provides a great atmosphere.  Burgers are good too.
4	Food was great. The ravioli in vodka sauce was excellent. Tiramisu was really good too. Place was packed on a Wednesday night. My boy Donovan said it was Cougar city for anyone who cares. He also said happy hours are great. They also have drink specials like $5 Martinique on Wednesday
3	I feel I have given Tivoli Village long enough to get their shit straight. I don't know if the cost of rent in this place is so low it invites the kind of "who cares if it fails" culinary experimentation, or if it is so high restaurants are forced to try and sell you crap at a premium. As an outside observer, it would seem as if Brio Tuscan Grille is the only restaurant that has managed to survive the Tivoli Village curse. Unfortunately, its mere survival does not preclude the fact that the restaurant as a whole is, well just blah. One look at the main photo on its Yelp page speaks volumes, the burger looks like something I would expect at my third cousin's "backyard birthday bonanza" for her 6 year old - they even cut it up in sections for the kiddies.The food is not bad, and quite honestly I am impressed with the portion size of their appetizers, as they simply whet your appetite, not drown it. The unfortunate part is that the appetizers are only good if they are half off during happy-hour - I can't imagine paying full price for that. Which leads us to the rest of the menu, where the price points are where you would expect them to be if you were dining on the Strip. Not that I don't have great hope that Tivoli eventually becomes a great dining destination worthy of the high-dolar restaurants, but if it is Friday night and your place is half empty - well I'm just saying.The service itself was okay, but one doesn't feel an abundance of warmth from the staff. Don't get me wrong, they did everything right and in a timely manner, it's just that there was no warmth there.I won't go as far as to say that Brio Tuscan Grille is a disappointment, I just can't imagine waiting in line for this place, which is probably why there isn't one.
5	Excellent food & great service! The staff was prompt and the food was delicious. Nice plating. I especially enjoyed that they have a lower calorie options menu. Did not expect that from an Italian restaurant.
4	Great spot in Tivoli village...especially for happy hour.  I had cheese ravioli and it was amazing - and very cheap!  They also serve mojitos, which are one of my favorite drinks.  The scenery is usually pretty good and Tivoli village is a great cozy atmosphere.  Easy parking underneath and easy access from Summerlin Parkway make this a winner...
5	The shrimp and eggplant appetizer is the best I ever had. This place will please any appetite.
4	I have  been to Brio a few times and am always satisfied. My party and I are a,ways seated immediately other then one time when we had to wait maybe ten minutes. The staff is very prompt and friendly.  The food is delicious! My taste buds have never been let down! There are a few things I would change if I could,the volume of the place is always a little loud for my liking for a sit down restaurant,,it's so open and loud it's impossible to be an intimate dining experience.  But  other then that,it's a great place to get some amazing eats! The quatro bruschetta is devine!
1	burnt dry chicken, way over cooked prime ribs. Very unacceptable. Price was higher than it was worth. There was no effort put into this food. It was rushed, fast food style. burnt.
5	Went for the happy hour (Monday-Friday 3-6:30, Monday-Thursday 9-closing). Must admit was very impressed with the apps for $3.95. Ordered the burger, artichoke dip and the ravioli. Bartender was friendly enough to tell me the eggplant shrimp is the best thing they've got, so I take him up on it.He was right, the eggplant shrimp was very, very good, and I don't even like shrimp that much. Ravioli was good too, I'd probably get it again. Burger had a charred taste to it I liked. The burger was pretty simple, but hey, it's $3.95.For the drinks I believe they only have Sangrias, Martinis, wine, and Mojitos for $5. No beer as far as I could tell.The bartenders seemed nice and knew the regulars by name, the ambiance is good, parking is easy in Tivoli Village, and the prices for happy hour are worth it. Nice spot for a slightly more "upscale" happy hour at cheap prices.
2	Last night's experience at Brio's in Tivoli Village was not impressive at all.  I have been to Brio's in Florida and Town Square, both spectacular!  Last night's dinner experience in Tivoli Village was sub-par mediocre at best.  Although the staff was attentive and efficient, the dinner falls short of average.  The serving sizes were extremely small        ( appetizer size) cold and limp, mostly tasteless! The desserts were watery and also very small. Too bad! Their happy hour is above average.  This dinner was not the Brio dinner that I expected.  TOO BAD!!
3	Brio is located in Tivoli village off of Rampart and Alta.  It is probably the longest standing restaurant in Tivola as many others have gone out of business or relocated since Tivoli opened (Petra, Radio City Pizza, etc).  The ambience inside is comfortable.  The service was attentive and helpful.  The food was okay, but could have wowed a bit more.  I had the lamb chops which were inconsistently cooked (some rare, some over), but the flavor was good.  My partner had the beef medallions with asparagus coating.  These were also pretty good, but nothing I would return for.  Overall, I think Brio was a good one time experience for me, but maybe I will try out their happy hour after reading some of the other reviews.
5	My wife and I have been to Brio in Tivoli Village and Town Square for happy hour, lunch and dinner many times over the yrs, sometime with our friends, too, and always have good experiences. This evening my wife and I went for an early dinner. The pleasant hostess took us to a nice and quiet corner table. The dining room was not crowded, yet, so was pretty quiet, although the bar area was hopping, as the patio was a bit too cold, even for the tough young crowd. Our server, Kim, was very friendly and helpful, and got our beer orders (Blue Moon, $5.25) started immediately. Good thing she did that for us, too, because the barkeeps were kept super busy by those happy yuppies, who "never seem to have to work!"  Boy do I envy them!  ;-)  The wait staff quickly brought us our favorite bread basket with warm and delicious rolls, which we enjoyed over our beers. And I started feeling great!BTW: Brio's STILL  DON'T serve Blue Moon on DRAFT, yet, only in a bottle! SIGH! For dinner, my wife ordered the "Sliced steak salad" (15.95), and I had the "Mediteranian shrimps" (15.95). Both were delicious! The steak was tender and juicy and in good quanty; shrimps were cruchy fresh and very tasty! Their presentations were quite appetizing - I totally forgot to take any pics of our dishes, being distracted by our hunger and discusions on our travel plans for 2014! Trust me, our dinners looked good! Our sweet server Kim (no, she is NOT Korean) was attentive and pleasant; her crew was efficient, keeping our water glasses full, and putting our finished dishes discreetly away. Kim also did us a great favor, taking the time to straighten out the mistakes with my Brio's reward account and honored my $15 reward credits - very nice of her!During our dinner, the hostess (perhaps also mgr) came by to say hello, and later helped the waitress out with our check. [i.e., taking it to/from the cashier, but NO, she did NOT really help out with the $Check, You Silly!]  ;-)   - A nice business practice! The Brio brand is characterized by its reliable, good italian style cuisine of VALUE; spaciousness, comfy ambience; vibrant bar scene; excellent service. Hmm...table cloths also add a touch of elegance. Of course there are other comparable restaurants, but I think Brio stands out in ITS CLASS. - My friends say, it's like dining in a "Mid-Upscale" restaurant at Olive Garden prices. For me, the Brio's in general and this locale in particular is one of the places I would go on a whim for happy hour (their $4 tasty small plates, Wed Martinis...are hard to resist at times) and/or for a tasty meal - NO SURPRISES!Jan 2014
5	Best Happy Hour in Vegas!  Hands Down.   Just perfect for happy hour or late night snack.   Trust me.   Try It.  I don't think they disappoint.   Dinner there is terrific too.I wish I can add my pictures.  Food looks tasty.  Mouth starts watering.   Tongue does back flips.
5	We got there at 11, just as they opened do there was nobody there. That was awesome! Our server was awesome too. He never let our glasses get empty, brought our appetizer out almost immediately, was ready to make suggestions on lunch, and brought out a dessert to celebrate my birthday after my hubby made sure he knew we were celebrating! The food was delicious! We loved the spinach and artichoke dip. The meals hit the spot too. The Alfredo sauce was super-rich and I couldn't finish it. My hubby also filled up in the dip so he couldn't finish his club sandwich. Yummy leftovers!!
2	I love brio. Great food, great environment, great service. But I can only speak for the location at town square. Waited about 10 min for anyone to come up to our table from the moment we sat down. Then they messed up on the appetizer salad and didn't come out till after our main entree. After we were done we waited even more. About 20 min or so till we got some service and that's because I had to go up to a manager to ask. And all this waiting we were watching our server walk past us many times without any acknowledgment that we were in his section. Never would I have thought I would have a horrible experience here. They did at least do the right thing and comp'd a bit off the bill. But free things aren't important. We were just looking for an apology and customer service. (Tivoli village location)
3	Popped in here today for lunch with some coworkers- it's a lot closer to work than I thought! They were in an italian mood, but I was limiting carbs due to the night's Yelp Pizza Party, so I did not partake of any pasta during my visit. Service was fairly good- our server was very friendly and made a bunch of helpful chit-chat with us, mostly bonding with my dining companions over their love of carbonara, and discussing the best places in LV to get it. I appreciated his honesty in that he did not try to BS us about how the dish here is the best there is or anything, but he did say it was good- he personally does not like the use of spinach in the dish, preferring beans, but it's not offered that way here.As it is, I debated between a few dishes- the shrimp mediterranean in particular, caught my eye. But I ultimately opted for the soup and salad combo, with the wedge and the lobster bisque- the salad arrived already doused in a sea of dressing, which surely took it far beyond the listed calorie counts. The bisque was an odd dish- the first bite wasn't that great to me, and I considered asking to switch it out for the tomato, but as I ate more of the dish it grew on me. Guess I'm just not a lobster bisque person? Duly noted.My coworkers both opted for the carbonara- and both were underwhelmed with it. The dishes were huge, and they easily could have shared a single order instead of getting separate dishes, but one dish had overcooked pasta that was borderline mushy while the other was a good al dente. Both ladies were underwhelmed by their selection and had buyer's remorse, of a sort- commenting that they wished they'd gone with their original choices, but felt like the dish would be better here given the conversation with our server. Womp womp.Seems like this place is best for a happy hour visit- I may need to take advantage of that, but I don't think I'm likely to return for lunch.
4	Brio is a nice, family friendly restaurant in Tivoli. Before I give ny opinion on the food, i have to tell you I am really, really annoyed with restaurants that serve cold, hard butter with warm bread. Bread isn't hot enough to melt the butter on contact so the bread basket is pretty much a wash. On with the food....if a restaurant serves a steak salad, that's generally what I order. Enter the steak salad at Brio. It is FRICKIN DELICIOUS!! The steak is prepared medium rare, unless you ask it be prepared another way. I did not. My steak was perfect. Seriously. Perfect.  The salad was a mix of different lettuce, mushroom, cherry tomatoes, candied pecans and tons of gorgonzola. It's tossed with a creamy horseradish dressing. Next time, I'd ask for less dressing because I did find the salad was a little dressing heavy and because there really is a lot of gorgonzola on the salad. The kids got penne with marinara and shrimp. They gobbled it up. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. They also ordered a small chocolate cake which, surprisingly, they didn't like.The restaurant is nice. Service was good. We will be back.
4	We had a very nice dinner last Saturday night. The restaurant is a bit noisy but we were by the kitchen which is very open and visible. The service was very good and personable. The lobster bisk we had was ok, I didn't really taste any lobster. My wife's raspberry mojito was sweet but no punch. The dinner itself was very good, and they didn't overwhelm us with to much food. Then we busted the bar, and all the bar tenders were friendly. Over all this restaurant is worth the visit. Make reservations if your going on a Saturday.
5	I have only been here for happy hour but tonight we decided to sit down for dinner and I'm glad we did.  We had some of the most amazing food.  I highly recommend the gluten free chicken pesto.  We had amazing service with Kirsten so if you get a chance ask for her.
2	I've been to brio at town square and selected items are good.  Others not so much.   I was totally turned off by just coffee and dessert here.  Coffee want memorable and cheesecake was old and disgusting.    Our server was coughing up a lung and should have been sent home I am giving it two stars just because my experience at the other location was ok.  Otherwise it would not even get two!
5	After a terrible dinning experience somewhere else last night Mandi at the bar cheered us all up. We walked into reverse happy hour and a bright and helpful smile from Mandi. Thank you for turning our frowns upside down. A consistently great place to eat as well.
5	I have been dining here for about 2 years. The carpaccio, steak salad, & tomato soup are delicious. Happy Hour is wonderful for a meeting with friends. My family & I  return for the superb service.  We always request JOHN every time, he is a huge part of the reason we return quite often (so ask for John).
5	My husband and I recently got married in Las Vegas.  We live in Orange County, CA.  I called several restaurants to host our dinner for 50 people.  The management at Brio was more than helpful and made me feel comfortable and at ease at hosting the dinner.  We had never eaten at a Brio restaurant. Picking a place to eat from out of town is a little scary.  We were more than pleased.   They did an amazing job at securing our group in the back with a semi private area yet still part of the restaurant.  50 people sat comfortable.  We had our own table for two in the middle of our  group.  The tables were beautiful.  Everyone raved about the food and choices offered on our preset menus.  We had our own 3 servers and they did a spectacular job.  Thank you for completing our wedding day.
4	Brio is the perfect place to have that romantic date you've been meaning to have with your significant other.I went to the Summerlin location for Valentine's Day and was impressed. They take both reservations and walk-ins so lucky for us since we didn't make a reservation. The estimated wait time was 80 minutes? But we actually got in earlier, probably 30 to 40 minutes?Anyways... We ate outside near a heat lamp which wasn't too bad in today's weather. We ordered calamari as our appetizer which was fine. I mean, it's calamari... Not much else to it. For our entrees, I got the pasta brio which is grilled chicken with rigatoni. My boyfriend got campenelle carbonara which kind of resembled chicken Alfredo. I also got a flirtini - probably won't get that again. It resembled cough syrup to me, but that could just be my taste buds.All in all, for $67 this was definitely not a bad place for a date. We will probably check out the one in Town Square once the weather gets warmer since they have a fire pit outside.Happy eatings!
2	I don't particularly like chains, but I tried it. The food is ok, but over-priced.  I have had better Italian food for this price range. I don't go here unless friends meet here for lunch.
5	I used to go to the brio in town square every time I was in town, but this one is just as good, without the crowd. And it's closer to where I stay. PS...I've recently stopped eating meat. When I ordered my usual dish (a pasta with chicken, pine nuts, tomatoes, idk what it's called but it's delicious) but asked for it without chicken, the waiter asked if I wanted to sub anything in it's place. Yes please! I asked for eggplant. I think I enjoyed it more with the eggplant than I ever did with the chicken. Hopefully if I end up at another location at some point they will do the same.
1	I went there on Thursday night with my girlfriend , the waiting wasn't that bad and the service was ok . We ordered the Caesar salad and Spinach dip as a appetizer and Pasta Verona as entry finishing up with Tiramisu as a desert. After few hours we start feeling bad and having stomach ache for the next two days both my girlfriend and me had diarrhea and my girlfriend was throwing up several times . I'm guessing it was something with the Spinach Deep .I will definitely NOT go back to this location at the Tivoli or any other location .   Avoid this place .
3	Went back with 3 7 year olds this weekend. I love how kid-friendly this place is. Whenever we are at Tivoli, Brio is usually the place where we dine. But a note for the parents out there: the kid pasta plate is HUGE! I knew this going in so I ordered 1 kids pasta (penne with butter sauce and added chicken) for the three girls to share and there were still left-overs!Also, this time, I asked the butter brought out with the bread be warmed up for easier spreading. And they did it so that takes care of the complaint in my earlier post. But let's get real, it's all about the steak salad. Once again, I ordered the steak salad, medium-rare. Unfortunately, this time around the salad wasn't as good as the last time. The steak was more medium than medium-rare. Bummer. But it is still the best darn salad in town. We will continue to come back for the giant pasta portions and steak salad!
3	The wifey wanted to come back to Brio after her and her girlfriend came the week before for Happy Hour.  Honestly, it was just OK.I agreed to go because since its opening I still hadn't been to Tivoli Village.  I'm for 'yuppie-ism' in many cases, and seeing how rich people sometimes like to spend their money just amazes me (and somewhat annoys me at the same time).  But to each their own.  Who am I to tell the local Summerlin millionaire that the restaurant chains they visit are often vastly inferior to the local Mom & Pop Italian deli down the way?  They'll probably just scoff then go back to their yuppie gym (I'm looking at you David Barton) where apparently only people with 8+ abs, and Armani workout clothes can sweat it out.  Yes, I am in fact wearing last, last, last season Adidas sneakers (but in my defense they are a rare blue pair) and a pleather jacket.  Tivoli Village was nice, but I was right in that it caters to specific clientele.  I like window shopping (unlike my homeboy 50 Cent) and wow, 'what-I-cannot-afford-even-if-I-tried' syndrome took over.  But I digress on back to eating (and fantasizing I was P-Diddy's hidden 16 year old bastard son).Seems like Brio is one of the only restaurants that has survived the turmoil of Tivoli Village.  A number of eateries here have come and gone over the year.Now I can only comment on their late night Happy Hour after 9 PM in the bar area.  I will have to try the regular restaurant some other time if we ever go back.  The hostesses were nice, showed us exactly where the bar area was in no time.  Seats were open, and we were told to sit anywhere in the bar for Happy Hour.  We chose a nice little table towards the wall section.  Our waitress was quick, and asked if we were interested in some drinks or if we were going to stick around for Happy Hour.  We told her we indeed there for Happy Hour and were immediately offered one of their bar plate menus.  There are a decent number of dishes available during Happy Hour, around 10 or so.  The pricing is good, between $4 - $6 each.  There are a number of drink specials as well.I stuck with a Peroni beer for $4, not exactly a value, but apparently it's cheaper than normal.  Really?  Damn markup must be massive!  The wifey and I wanted to share the Black Pepper Shrimp plate, but according to our waitress they were out of the cream sauce for it.  Huh?  How hard is it for a kitchen to whip up a cream sauce exactly?  I certainly hope you have an ITALIAN kitchen that can make cream sauces all day long!  Alfredo, anyone?  Was just beyond me but OK.  We opted for the Roasted Garlic, Spinach & Artichoke Dip instead.  We also got an order of Beef Carpaccio, and two BRIO burgers.Plates took around 20 minutes to arrive, average for most restaurants.  But it wasn't exactly busy when we were there so I don't know what the holdup was.  I gotta say though that our plates weren't exactly news to write home about.  Yes, I know it's Happy Hour, and yes I know the pricing is considered 'cheap', but come on now.  These were some ugly looking plates!  Poorly executed for the most part.  The Roasted Garlic, Spinach & Artichoke Dip with flatbread triangles was alright.  It seemed to be sitting under the heat lamp for a bit on the long side, top layer of it was hard.  It tasted ok, but should I be ashamed to say it tastes like something I can pick up at Costco?  Let me get on with the BRIO burger.  Wow.  $5 for this?  A thin burger patty with Provolone and roasted tomato mayo on what looks like a Costco hamburger bun?  And a side of housemade 'chips', once again, that could be from Costco?  Now before you get your panties in a twist, I adore Costco and shop there weekly (and drink a kale shake almost daily).  I'm just saying, if I can make the same stuff from ingredients at Costco, why go to Brio?  Why?  And this BRIO burger was plated funny too.  A 5-year old can make a plate better than this.  The burger, no lettuce, no tomato?  Cut into four pieces, and chips stuffed in the middle of the plate?  Rookies!  It didn't taste the greatest either.  Burger was overcooked and dry, the cheese was near non-existent, the roasted tomato mayo was barely there, and there was too much bun!  For the price I could have gone to Wendy's right nearby and gotten a bigger burger.  Just so-so for me.  The best item of the night was the Beef Carpaccio.  Ultra thin slices of raw beef, topped with dressed field greens, capers, a mustard aioli, and shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano.  This plate was DELICIOUS.  Beef was nice and cold, greens had great crunch, capers and the mustard aioli added a nice bite, and the cheese gave it an extra layer of flavor.  We heartily ate this up.  All for $4!  Next time I won't waste any effort and just get two orders of carpaccio.  And maybe a Peroni.Rant done Brio.
1	I can't believe I'm doing this but they deserve it after my latest dining experience. I went to Brio last Sunday because I needed that steak salad again. I was so disappointed this time! The salad greens were as delicious as ever. I don't know what's in that dressing but I could drink that stuff! But the steak this time. Oh, that steak. It was terrible. I've noticed the portion size of the steaks shrinking over the last few months but this was nearly half the size it used to be! And the perfect medium rare at which it's typically served was more like well well. Dry, hard, completely void of flavor. I honestly don't think I'll ever order it again. And that's sad. So very sad.
3	pretty good restaurant . service average . had the chicken lemon which was very tasty. price seemed reasonable .
5	I am giving a 5-star rating solely in hopes that they continue the great jazz music during happy hour, and get more of it more often. The outdoor terrace is perfect for it this time of year. The music is the only reason I would come here. Like most reviewers point out the food is average, but you get your money's worth during happy hour. Alot of old farts here..I am surprised they can drink so much. I had no idea.
5	Amazing!!! Had brunch for my moms birthday. Service was great. Our server was personable, nice, and patient considering we had 2 kids in the party. Food is always amazing, I'm never disappointed. I eat at brio all the time, love it everytime.
2	Conveniently located in a great neighborhood is all I can say for this trip?  Service was professional and friendly -most in our party were happy with dinner - just wasn't my day, I guess?  :-( .  Restaurant and restrooms were noticeably... well, could be cleaner?  Meals were small in portion, wine was way over-priced for the offering or am I spoiled by COSTCO?  ha, ha.  Fry cook for a chef?  Don't order the Salmon.  I've been very please in several visits in the past... don't know if there was a change in managers or the kitchen might just be having a bad day?  I'll try em again - and might pick up the tab next time :-) Thank you Bob, for dinner - the company was awesome!
4	Brio had great atmosphere and food!Cocktails: cucumber Basil gimlet, was so super tastey.  It was like freshest, coolest lemonade I've ever had. My favorite item by far and it was only $7.50!I also had a glass of Sketchbook pinot noir and it was nice with dinner and reasonably priced at $9.00 a glass.Food: The caprese salad was good quality ingredients and reasonably portioned. My only complaint is it def needed more balsamic. Their balsamic is a good one by the way.We also had the lasagna bolognese. This item was really tastey. Nothing crazy extravagant and certainly nothing to complain about. It was just a great item The prices were pretty good in my opinion. 10-20 a person without drinks.When we got there we were seated on the patio. The weather was fantastic so that only added to the awesome atmosphere. My only complaint for the evening was our waitress. She was a total bug a boo. I felt rushed and like she wanted us out of there. However, the staff was amazing other than her and I can tell she was the only annoying staff member.
4	Came here two days in a row! First on a Friday during Happy hour with Nieves D. One of the best HH I've had. HH specials are for food & drinks and it's from $4-$6 which is a pretty good deal with the amount of food they give you! For foods we got Beef Cappaccio, Crispy Eggplant fries, black pepper shrimp, Crispy cheese ravioli, and Roasted garlic spinach artichoke dip. All oh so delicous! My favorite would have to be the Crispy eggplant fries which is pretty crazy because I do NOT like eggplant at all. Also I think the Crispy Cheese Ravioli was to die for. It wasn't too cheesy, it was the perfect amount of cheesiness! For drinks we got White Peach Sangria, Sangria Rosa, & Mango Mojito. I really liked the Sangria Rosa. Now it's really not real sangria because real sangria is fruits marinated in wine but they just put some fruit in a cup & add wine with vodka. Still good tho.Best bartender there, hands down is Geoffrey. He accomodated each of our needs. When the door was open and the wind was blowing our hair all over our faces, he shut the doors. We were right under the AC vents which was blowing cold a** air right on top of us making us shiver uncontrollably, he made the waiters turn the vents off. He also made us his speciality shots, on the house! 2nd time I went was the next day for brunch. Not as good as Happy Hour. I got the Salmon with Angel Hair with Lobster Bisque. Was not that good. It had a sauce that was kind of on the sour side.  & the lobster bisque was on the salty side. There was a fly buzzing around our table that was annoying me! This place would be a solid 5 star rating for me if I did not come back for brunch the next day. None the less, I would probably return for HH again!
4	Love their food! We had my daughter's baptism party here and the manager Jenna was very nice and helpful during the arrangements.  The staff was very attentive the only thing is that it seemed they tried to get too many of us to sit in a too small of space so we were a bit squished. Other than that the food was of course excellent. We also have been there for brunch. Their breakfast food is not as good as their regular stuff.Love the location. So nice to sit outside in the evenings and look at the surroundings.
4	Nice place..great svc. brad the  server wa great . Yes, food was good. veal marsala with pasta.  the. ac could have worked better. My friends chicken dish was fine;No free birthday dessert,   boo.
4	I visited this location and ate the Roasted Vegetable Spaghetti (Add chciken breast)on the recommendation of the server. The meal was very good. The service from Amanda F was great, super friendly and very efficient. The atmosphere was pleasing, modern, and the dining area was clean.
1	Have had many good meals here. Great service. Tonight was not one of them. We ordered Grilled Lamb Chops and Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecco. Sauces didn't melt in and the meat was very tough for both meals. Sorry.
2	The Skinny: in general, below average Italian (2.5) service is very hit or miss (3) value: at $13-15 for an entree you could do much better elsewhere (2.5).When we attended my Hubby's annual Christmas party, he had the unfortunate luck of winning a gift card for Brio Tuscan Grill. As soon as they called his name for the prize, my heart just sank into the bottomless pit of despair. Not to mention the hubs signed me up for their rewards program so I get a coupon now every year for my birthday. WTF!?!?!? I swear, my hubs hates me. As if it isn't traumatic enough getting 1 year older.I can't tell you the amount of vitriol I have for Brio Tuscan Grill but that would take way more than the 5000 character limit that Yelp sets out for reviews.I mean, it's not that the food is absolutely disgusting. It isn't. It's all edible. But that's about it. Considering the exorbitant prices for the level of cuisine, this joint represents all the things that are repellent about dining in the Summerlin area: generic, pricey for what it is, and a hot spot for the geriatric crowd whose taste buds have been ruined by the multitude of meds they take. And don't forget the f*(king patio dining. Like I said, mediocrity at its finest.If you must come, come for lunch as the prices are a lot better.Okay, seeing as I have been forced to eat here more times that I care to, I'll let it loose on a few of the many items I have tried.Lobster bisque ($6.95): too much sherry not enough lobster = pass.Salads (including Caesar, Grilled Salmon salad) are pretty bad here. Have yet to ever have a salad here without finding some wilted lettuce mixed in. In addition to that, the dressings are all really generic. And what the heck is up with all the cheese they put on everything? What is up with all this gorgonzola? Pass.Calamari ($10.45/lunch price): First of all, the plating. Have no idea who thought that putting the marinara and cream sauce (neither one which is particularly good), in the same bowl of the fried calamari. This makes all the fried food soggy. Not to mention the deep fried peperoncini represents half of the plate of greasy calamari.Mezza Chicken under the Brick ($14.85/lunch): The roasted chicken is fine, the marsala sauce is decidedly meh. The plate is very small for the $14.85 price tag. Pasta alla vodka ($16.15/lunch): My husband usually gets this. Me, I think it's okay. But given the price and the serving size, it's ridiculous. Pass on this one.The only dish I have ever really truly liked there and thought that it was worth it was a special they had. It was a truffle oil flatbread with arugula, mushrooms and proscuitto. They had that for about $10.Given that I would likely pass on nearly everything I tried there, I don't recommend coming here as for the above mentioned reasons. Though edible, their food is expensive for what it's worth. 2.5 starred review bumped down to 2 stars.
4	Great dining experience.  I typically love Brio for business lunches but decided to bring a date for dinner.  She loved it.Started with the bruschetta quatro.  4 different types of bruschetta.  All delicious.  I ordered the crab and shrimp cakes.  Very tasty with large pieces of crab and shrimp throughout.  My date ordered the tilapia which was cooked perfectly.  All with a few glasses of sangria thrown in made for a lovely date.
4	Very beautiful Italian restaurant w/gr8 food and good service.  Nice wine list and bar menu w/gr8 happy hour.  Pasta dishes, grilled dishes and appetizers are my favorites.  Eggplant and shrimp, beef carpaccio, calamari, ravioli, lasagna, vodka penne and mahi mahi are recommended.   Desserts are average. Service is slow sometimes.
5	This place is awesome! The food, the atmosphere and everything else! My best bro n i went here for happy hour and the food is awesome! We got two brio burgers, Carpaccio, and we got the italian lemonade and the white peach sangria! Everything was amazing and the bill was very cheap!Jim was the best bartender ever! He had the best hospitality and was very friendly! Hes awesome! Keep it up Boss and thank you for everything!
5	Sat at the bar last night and had an exceptional experience. The food was outstanding and the service even better. The little blonde bartender customized martinis for both my husband and I and they were amazing. We had the Shrimp and Eggplant appetizer since the bartender suggested it so highly and it was the best item i have ever tried at Brio. Finally a place in Summerlin with great service, food and drink. Truly the total package. 5 stars to Brio in Tivoli Village!
5	My kids favorite place to eat. My favorite is the 3 medallion fillets with fried tomato, the kids favorite is the pasta Brio. I love sitting on the patio when the weather permits. Desert is awesome here as well. Wait staff is always fast and nice. I love the peach sangria too.
5	We only went for happy hour, but we spent $35 between the three of us and left stuffed. The ravioli was out of this world! I will go back just for that and also the eggplant fries. Everything was so good! No drinks this time, but I'll try them next time :)
5	Let me start off by saying this isn't just your average Yelp review, we actually had our wedding reception at this Brio location this past Sat, Aug 16th 2014, and we could not be happier. We live in Los Angeles and were planning a wedding in Las Vegas, so I was very nervous about planning this via email and telephone, however the GM was extremely kind and helpful. First off, lets start with the fact that this location doesn't even have a "wedding"/or banquet room, the first time I called the manager informed me about their other location closer to the strip that had space to accommodate large parties and I explained to her that because our ceremony was in Summerlin, we wanted our reception to be there too so that guests wouldn't have to drive so far back and forth from the strip. She completely understood and welcomed our business. So, instead of taking up the majority of their restaurant on a Saturday night, they gave us the patio as well as a wrap around lounge area. Again, I was a little skeptical about the idea of my reception being on a patio, but we were running out of time and options within our budget and we booked Brio mostly because of their kind professionalism and because the food sounded delicious.So, we began planning our menu, I emailed the GM probably around 20-30 times in the course of 3 months, and every time she responded within 24 hours and never seemed bothered or irritated. She allowed us to have table decorations and when I explained I was worried my family member would miss the ceremony due to setting up the tables, she offered to have some employees set up the dining area for us, and never even mentioned a service charge. Amazing. Also, she accommodated us with our menu choices completely and everyone in at our reception said the food was amazing and that they were going to look up the nearest Brio in their areas. I'll save you all the sob story, but basically we had some hiccups at our ceremony (insane photographer) and we were about ready to tell the limo driver to just keep driving and not even take us to our reception when we pulled up to this amazingly beautiful, twinkly lit patio that took both of our breath away. We ended up having the most amazing reception. We danced. We drank. We laughed. We cried. It was everything I wanted for my wedding and I have Brio to thank for it. Not only did our reception at Brio make up for a pretty lousy ceremony, they also told us "not to rush" and to "stay as long as we're enjoying ourselves". That is amazing. The servers not only went above and beyond all night long, they were attentive, personable, extremely quick and one of the girls even danced with my brother who has Down's Syndrome. She was such a sweetheart. I have never experienced such great service along with such amazing food in such a beautiful restaurant. Brio truly has it all. We are eternally grateful because you gave us the most beautiful wedding reception we could have asked for.
5	I had lunch here yesterday with my bf. I havent eaten here before and mon oh man, I really like it! We shared the shrimp and crab cake appetizer, very good.. maybe a little on the salty side. I ordered the salmon fresca and the bf had the mahi mahi lunch special. My salmon fresca was so yummy and cooked perfectly. I tried my bf's mahi mahi and it was good too, but my dish was much more flavorful. We also had a bottle of red wine with our lunch, perfect. Service was great too. Our server's name was Michael. He was very attentive, made sure our glasses were never empty, had great recommendations. I liked him a lot. Ill definitely be coming back to Brio.
5	Love coming here!  Jeffrey, Mandy and Wendy are awesome bartenders! Always service with a smile! Wish I could come by more often! One of my favorite dishes is the black pepper shrimp with eggplant!
1	This is my first time eating here and my second time eating at this chain. I wanted a Cesar salad with the same steak they out on the steak salad. The waiter who was rude from the get go said then I should order the steak salad with Cesar dressing with only romaine. Kind of odd but ok. When my salad came out it's had romaine lettuce, blue cheese Cesar dressing and a vinaigrette on it. We told him this is not what we ordered. He tried to argue with us and walked away mad. My salad was finally brought out correctly. Bad customer service and slow service
2	My boyfriend and I came to Brio, already lovers of the chain restaurant (townsquare our favorite pick), thinking it would be the same great experience. In the beginning we were told 30-40 minute wait and since it's Homecoming weekend in Vegas, we understood and the lady manager took my name and handed me a pager. We sat RIGHT OUTSIDE and waited not long after were pleasantly surprised that another woman manager with a bun came up to us with a flatbread to take a piece while we waited. We were so grateful that she not only offered us a snack, but thanked us for waiting. Patronage is a huge thing in local restaurants and being thanked for waiting is a rare commodity.Well an hour passes and we finally get up And walk inside. We ask how much longer to be told they were paging us for 15 mins?? Apparently they gave us a broken pager that was fully lot and functional. Thanks to the First Lady manager. We're surprised at this considering there were 4 hostesses and 2 managers, not one of them would've walked outside to call our name? At that point they handed my boyfriend a new charger and expected us to wait more. At that point I walked over to the bar and say down. THANK THE SERVING GODS for Kelly at the bar because she made up for my irritated and highly agitated night. 2 stars is for her and her ONLY. No more Tivoli Village Brio for us.
5	Speedy and professional service. I like the healthier menus. Quinoa Asparagus with Grilled Chicken was my fave.
1	The service here is horrible! We sat we for 15 minutes before our drink our cane. We had to sit another 45 minutes before our meal came. There restaurant is empty. Nobody ever came to check on our drinks prior to our meal arriving. The meals came and he checked our meal one minute after the meal arrived and never came back to check on our meal or drinks. Our bread (2 servings)was never replaced
2	I give the food a 3, and the service a 1. We went for happy hour and our service was a joke. Empty plates sat on our table, it took forever to get our drinks, our food was cold, but was otherwise pretty good. It took so long to get my husband's glass of wine that our friend had to walk to the bar to get it. My Italian margarita had so much sour in it I couldn't drink it, the mango mojito tasted like club soda. After dinner my friend called and told the manager about the service and her response was, "I'll talk to the food server." I won't go back.
5	We enjoyed Brio last night for Christmas Eve dinner.  Shared the calamari appetizer and it was very tasty, lightly coated in flour and fried, served with a marinara sauce and a cream sauce. We tried the Shrimp Verduta, Crab Cakes, and Veal Milanese, there were no complaints about food or portions at our table! The chocolate cake and vanilla gelato was a perfect ending, not too sweet, and enough for us to share.  Service was excellent, our waitress Jatae was pleasant and helpful.  Cocktails were generous and priced right.  Thanks Brio, we will return!
4	This place was surprisingly delicious. I have to say there was hesitancy when we walked up to the front door and couldn't see anyone at all. However, after the hostess led us into the main dining area the place lit up. Delicious appetizers and a pretty amazing chefs special. Would def recommend this joint!!
4	Last night (New Year's Eve) was my first time at Brio, and my friend and I came in for dinner before going out. It was busy, which was expected, but were able to find a perfect little table for two in the bar area. I'm not going to sugar-coat it - once we sat down, we waited for a really long time to get our order taken, to get our wine and bread, and to get our meals. But on busy nights even at good places, things can go wrong - and I'm a firm believer that it is 100% about how staff and management handle themselves. Brio did an excellent job at recovering our experience. Our wine order wasn't put in and we had to flag the manager down after 15 minutes of wondering what was up, but she got our wine to us, and took the glasses off the bill. In fact, while we were having dinner, our server even brought us over two extra glasses. (The wine was delicious, one of their pinot noirs, but I can't remember exactly which one.)I didn't know what to expect out of our food since I'd never been here, but I was really impressed - the food is so good! I had a hard time deciding between their chicken pesto pomodoro, the pasta alla vodka and the pasta brio, but I decided on the pasta brio (rigatoni, roasted red pepper sauce, mushrooms and grilled chicken) since it's their signature dish and came highly recommended by our server. It was SO delicious and very flavorful - it wasn't spicy but still had the kick I crave! My friend had their chicken pesto over angel hair and didn't really love their pesto- according to our server it isn't true pesto - its base is chicken broth? So maybe that was why. But he ate it and had some of my pasta brio, and we both agreed that dish was incredible.Coming in on such a busy holiday, I think everyone at Brio handled themselves very well, even when there were mishaps. The atmosphere was really nice - had good lighting and seemed sophisticated but also jovial. And you can't beat the location - Tivoli Village is so pretty. I loved our experience here and can't wait to come back and bring my husband!
2	Good food, terrible time management by red headed waitress. Waiting for table at bar and she takes 20 minutes to get them their change after check was dropped off. I don't know how they felt, but I was less than thrilled. Both Brio's have one of the best Happy Hours in town, but no space to enjoy it.
1	Over priced pasta dishes and horrible service. Happy hour is the only hour I'll return to this place and only because I'm out voted by friends.
