5	I am LOVING this place. Had no idea it was doing a soft opening (they officially open on 4/5), and wandered in. The decor is stunning, and has a great 1920s vibe. Super high ceilings, great looking bar. It's located in an old bank (hence the fun name), which helps to maintain an austere and civilized ambiance. I particularly enjoyed the fact that the acoustics were manageable, since most of the new places in Pittsburgh seem to be extremely loud.The staff are very friendly (still have a few kinks to work out in terms of timing, but that's OK), and the drinks are all phenomenal. I haven't had the food yet, but spoke with some other patrons who did have a meal, and they said that the food was very good. All of the food is based on regional specialties from around the States. And, all of the food is made from scratch in house. If the food is as carefully attended to as the drinks, then I think we have a real winner!Can't wait to come back, and am so excited to see this new addition to the Pittsburgh food scene!
4	Came here last night for their soft opening.  The review is for the cocktails only, not the food. I absolutely adore their 1920's decor and staff outfits. Although we did have to wait almost 2 hours for two cocktails, I understand that mistakes are to be made during a soft opening and that they are still ironing out the kinks. The drink menu is fantastic. I ordered a pain killer and an old bond street fizz. The cocktail list reminds me of several places in New Orleans that I frequent. I really wish I could have ordered food, but I think it may have taken an even longer time to receive than the cocktails just due to the overwhelming response from those dining last night. The shrimp and grits and meatloaf both sound delicious. The owner, Jeff, was present and came around to several tables. You can tell he really wants to make Tender a success! So, I will be back to Tender but not for awhile. I want to give them time to work things out and expect an even better experience when I return.
4	We went to Tender on one of their pre-launch nights. This is a great place and I think, once fully up and running (with full menu), this will be the next hot spot in Pittsburgh. We tried some cocktails, which were inventive and delicious. The food we sampled was also great--designed for sharing, we devoured mini lobster rolls, among other things. The menu was bar food. I'm looking forward to seeing how this evolves once they are post-launch. This is a great addition to the higher end bar/restaurant scene in Pittsburgh. Service was also friendly and informative. My go to place remains Bar Marco because they have demonstrated their ability to stay at the top of their game (and improve) over the year or so they have graces Pittsburgh with their presence. I'm sure that Tender will be one of those great places too. Exciting that there are now at least two fantastic places where you can get amazing cocktails and great food in a sophisticated and cool environment without TV screens playing sports.
5	There's nothing better than when the reality of a brand new spot not only lives up to it's pre-opening hype, but surpasses it. So it was with Tender.Part of the "Tender" name comes from the establishment's emphasis on BAR. Six high profile, named bartenders have created spot-on cocktails that not only shine, they exceed all expectations. Each bartender (startender?) has created his or her own spin on classic cocktails or else has upped the ante by coming up with entirely new creations. What's in store for you in the cocktail department upon your first visit?Do NOT miss the Nathan Luchansky-created Once Upon A Honeymoon with ginger-infused apple brandy and blood orange marmalade. Despite what you may think, it is not too sweet at all. It is just right.Sean Rosenkrans created a delightful pastis-kissed, non-blue curacao creation called  Death in the Allegheny. Served over crushed ice, one of our group declared it tasted like a "Good n Plenty snowcone." Yaya's Snowcones on the Northside never served a flavor that GOOD!Craig Mrusek (Dr. Bamboo), who specializes in Tiki drinks, came up with a cocktail named Nilsson. There was some discussion around the bar about it being inspired by Harry Nilsson of the "Put the Lime in the Coconut" fame. This was another crushed ice delight that hit all the right coconut, lime and rum island notes without being overly sweet. As Nilsson sang, it was no problem to "drink it all up."The last cocktail sampled this particular evening was Marie Perriello's Hemingway's Mistress. Made with smoky mezcal, Luxardo marachino liqueur, grapefruit juice and lime, it was simple...but so much more than the sum of all it's parts. It's easy to see why Hemingway might have had a fling with this tart little number!The kitchen draws on some regional cuisines of the U.S. to feature on the food side of the menu. Look for specialties from the South, Northeast, West (of here), Pennsylvania, and (okay, not a region) Classic Americana. If there's shrimp n grits on the menu, that will always be my order. Bonus, it was gluten-free. The plating of two round grits cakes and two head-on shrimp was a vision in simplicity. Keep in mind, these are small plates, not full size entrees so servings are small and shareable. Well, if you want to share and not keep all that deliciousness to yourself alone.The hubby ordered Beef on Weck and got 2 small slider-sized portions of perfectly cooked beef slices on those beautifully seasoned buns. And no, he didn't share either. We did share a plate of crispy potato chips with aioli to dip the chips. The aioli was the only negative of the evening...we couldn't remember what the menu had said it was and certainly couldn't identify the flavor except to say it was bland and weird. Skip the aioli, but get the chips!Oh...that other "Tender" meaning? Legal tender. Tender Bar & Kitchen is housed in a former bank so the double entendre of "tender" works on both the "bar" and "legal" levels.  If it sounds like I focused on the cocktails, you are correct. While the food was very, very good, it's the cocktails that will keep me bouncing back. Like a rubber check? (Sorry, couldn't resist a last cheesy bank reference.)
3	Great addition to l-ville, but lacking for the time being. The cocktails are great and the bartenders are extremely friendly. The drinks however, take a long time, even with 3 bartenders. They stumble over each other from time to time, looking unorganized. I love the bar, but having to see a hostess to sit at the bar is weird. A bar is a bar. It is for people to network and mingle. Whether sitting or standing, a bar is where the energy is in the restaurant. The four dishes we ordered were good, but not great. The portions are too small. I don't know why people try to do tapas in Pittsburgh. Pittsburghers eat! They will still order multiple portions... So feed us. Mac & Cheese was cold and the hush puppies were like dense pieces of chalk. The pork was really good. I recommend this dish. The vegetarian chili was also very tasty. I am excited to go back, but education for the staff, better food presentation and a less aggressive hostess needs to improve before I do. Welcome to L-ville.
3	My review is a bit sorted since I believe that I went about my first experience entirely wrong. I did not get the memo that the only food they serve are "small plates" and I don't think they do a great job at making that known on their menu, so you depend on listening to the server. Anyways, the only reason this was a problem was because we had our reservations on their grand opening night at 6:30, which was exactly when I wanted to eat dinner. This is personal opinion, but I hate small plate restaurants. You pay a lot of money (particularly here) for less food, and I'm not into sharing. The food: I was there with a larger party and the only food I ordered was a bowl of chips. It was a small bowl and $5. I ordered this before knowing it was all small plates, but from the critiques of the others, I didn't miss much. The chips were OK, just plain, regular chips. Not worth $5. The mac & cheese (maybe a cup and a half) was $10 and had a funny taste. Some others in the party enjoyed what they got, and in the future I'll branch out.The drinks: Mine were good. I ordered the Cold Snap (super gingery) and the Penny Farthing. Some of my friends disliked their drinks, but I think this is natural when you're trying a place known for interesting mixes. The only issue is that the drinks are pricey, so you might not really be able to order several types and try a bunch. They definitely knew what they were doing with drinks .. but I was hoping, since that seems to be the purpose of Tender.Overall: I wouldn't come back for food, only drinks. I spent over $30 for 2 drinks and a bowl of chips, and then headed over to Industry for a burger, fries, half an appetizer, and a beer for $26, which seemed a little more worth it. I probably would have had a different experience at 8 or 9 pm, after having dinner. I'm not in a hurry to go back and I feel the prices did not quite match with the area.
3	I want to give this a 5 for cocktails and the bar but food just does not live up. Drinks we had wine and cocktails were all amazing. They really had someone select some awesome table wines. Food however, like everyone says - super small portions. I had to stop at wendys after because I was starving - after 50 bucks on dinner.Mac and cheese - nothing special. basically pasta with panko topping; really lacked flavorbeef on wreck - tasty but so incredibly saltystrip district salad - extremely disappointed by the description and the name which lead me to believe I was getting a true pittsburgh salad; instead, I got beets and dandelion greens? None of that was listed in the description nor is anything about that pittsburgh in origin!lobster rolls - amazing - I can see why on a few nights they have sold out of thesebeignets - I went with a friend who is from the south - she was extremely disappointed when they arrived - the coffee chicory sauce is terribly bitter and the dough was dried out. The server could tell we did not like them and offered us the banana split. This was very tasty but was presented as a deconstructed banana split - again nothing in the description. It was perhaps half of a banana with 2 scoops of ice cream each the size of my thumb. Great tasting but looked like melted soup on the plate.In conclusion - they really need to work on this food menu - the tapas style american cuisine is counterintuitive and not going to work. perhaps they should put a real menu with apps salads entrees etc or just focus on small appetizer plates. Im just confused with what they are trying to do. I was not aware of this "standing room not allowed at the bar" but thats just ridiculous. Its def not a bar then and they should ditch that idea asap
3	I hit this place during its soft open on my way out of Pittsburgh, and I feel bad that I'm not going to be able to give them a second chance!The service was very slow (especially cocktails), but friendly! I'm not factoring the slowness into my rating, since it was pre-grand opening and all. The ambiance is gorgeously Art Deco inspired.As a bar, this is a perfect addition to Lawrenceville and really ups the game for drinks in the neighborhood. The cocktails are insanely good, and I would expect no less coming from the same people as Verde. I especially love the extensive list of "refreshing" options, since I like my drinks not-too-strong but not-too-sweet. They're pricey, sure, but easily some of the best-crafted libations in the city.The food was somewhat disheartening. They say everything is "sharing sized," but they're just avoiding the words "tapas" or "small plates" because of the negative connotation. Sharing sized means a heap of meat at Union Pig & Chicken or a mountain of pasta at Buca di Beppo, not a miniature sandwich.For plates that are meant to be shared, the menu is not well thought out. We came with a group of six and had to order multiples of dishes because they were impossible to "share." For example, Yaka Mein--mini bowl of noodle soup (not very shareable to begin with) topped with one rib (do we each nibble on one end?) and half a quail egg--this is way too difficult to share between even just two people. Beef on Weck--hockey-puck-sized sandwich--just because it's cut in half doesn't make it "shareable." The concept needs to be fleshed out a little bit better.As far as taste, the Yaka Mein was the only thing I really loved, and I wish it wasn't topped by a dried out rib. The meatloaf was good (but tiniest in size). The flavors of the Beef on Weck were there, and the roll was perfection, but the meat was again, too dry. The mac & cheese was creamy, but one-note. Skip the deviled eggs (you've had better at a work luncheon) and the oysters (couldn't taste the mignonette at all?).You'll easily spend $40 a person here, and you might still be hungry afterward (the men at our table were). Which is fine if the food is amazingly tasty...but it's not. It's just average, and at these portion sizes, isn't worth it. I wish I would have spent all my money on drinks instead!Hope Tender can pull itself up...I'm a fan of Verde, so I have faith in them!
3	Went here to celebrate a friend's b'day.  If I remember correctly this was their official opening day after a week or so of a soft launch.  I opted for a glass of red wine but after looking at the group's interesting and tasty cocktails, I would recommend opting for a cocktail rather than a glass of wine or beer.  We shared several plates including the hush puppies, red potato salad, fluffernutter, lobster rolls, mac & cheese, poke and the beignets.  Everything tasted great but I thought the lobster rolls and the poke stood out as they were fresh and seasoned well...I also love seafood, especially seafood done right.  I'm not a huge potato salad fan to begin with and don't usually get very excited about mac & cheese unless it's done exceptionally well and has some extra fixins which I didn't feel like this had.  I think the fluffernutter should be along side with the other desserts but it sits with the other small plates.  I thought the flufernutter was a better dessert option than the beignets, although the fluffernutter could have used more peanut butter and was marshmallow - the bread, tasty as it was, overwhelmed the dish.  I did contemplate giving it 4 stars but I thought that it was too pricey for what you get.  Although we got seven plates to share between 5 people, they were very tiny and came with a hefty price tag.  All in all, I think it's a great place for a drink and a couple appetizers before heading out for a dinner at a more reasonably priced establishment.
3	I had heard the hype about Tender and had been looking forward to my reservation for over a week.  As I counted down the days, I reviewed the cocktail and dinner menu online.  I was partially hoping that they had updated the menu since their opening since it seemed somewhat eclectic and not cohesive.  I was slightly disappointed upon my arrival that the menu hadn't been updated and that we were being seated in the room downstairs (otherwise known as the basement).  Despite my misgivings, the decor was creative and reflected the owner's vision of a speakeasy-style bar/restaurant that incorporated the history of the building (including the vault) into the design.  As an aside, the space was probably my favorite part of the experience.  We ordered a few rounds of drinks (which were slightly odd but intriguing) and a bottle of wine.  The wine selection was not complete in terms of variety nor was it priced appropriately (as I found was generally the case at Tender).  I'm more than willing to pay for a good bottle of wine, but our server couldn't answer any of my questions about the choices.  The first round of plates, we ordered the deviled eggs, lobster rolls and city chicken.  The lobster rolls and deviled eggs were tasty and simply prepared but the city chicken (which is really pork) was dry and tasted like fried panko. It reminded me of something that I could've gotten at a bar or fast food restaurant.  My boyfriend, our friend and I were quite hungry when we arrived (which is something that I would not suggest) so we were disappointed when our server was less than attentive and seemed to disappear after we ordered our first round of drinks and food.  To be fair, other tables around us seemed to be getting great service from someone who was able to expound upon drink and menu options with ease.  Our waters were not being refilled and, at one point, we had to call another waitress over to place an order for more food.  After trying the mac and cheese, more deviled eggs (I think that we had three orders), turducken and beef on weck, nothing stood out to me other than the lobster roll and deviled eggs.  I wanted to love Tender, but the food (selection and preparation) and service left much to be desired.  After dropping way to much money on a dinner that left all three of us only partially satiated, we went upstairs hoping to explore the space while having another drink or two at the bar.  We were greeted by the maitre d and told (very nicely and apologetically) that we couldn't have a drink at the bar unless we could find three seats together.  Really?? I mean, what is going on?!  The bar is huge and is easily the best part of the whole space.  This was a laughable moment for the three of us since we should've paid our check and ran instead of trying to spend more money.  We nicely said to the maitre d that we would go across the street to Industry Public House.  I so wanted to love Tender, its design and to support new local restorations in the Burgh but I guess that Tender and I were just not meant to be. I *may* go back to Tender and try to get a seat at the bar but, until the menu is refined, I don't think that I'll be going back for food.
5	I loved this place.  Ambiance was fantastic.  I just got back from a trip to NYC, and this restaurant could easily fit into a Manhattan neighborhood.  Had a very 1920's vibe; I felt like I was taking a step back in time.  I loved the way the wait staff dressed; women wore black dresses, and the men wore vests and newsboy caps.  So happy to not see a woman wearing a white shirt and black tie.  I thought the food was fantastic.  I'm a huge fan of small plates.  We shared the hush puppies (awesome), lobster rolls (awesome; and I can't believe someone below wrote about the bread to lobster ratio, and how it needs improved...give me a break), the mac & cheese (great), the deviled eggs (good, but my least favorite of the 5), and the poke (first time I've had this, and I like it a lot).  I also had an almond phosphate soda, which I highly recommend.  5 small plates seemed like the perfect sharing amount to split amongst 2 people. I will definitely be back, and I highly recommend giving this place a try!!
5	Wow - what an incredible (and much-needed) addition to Lawrenceville! Tender successfully does what Industry Public House may have tried to do before they decided to cater to the general masses and become just another rowdy bar with slightly above-average artisanal cocktails. Tender manages to maintain a classier and more sophisticated feel while still welcoming everyone and offering a great menu of dining options and of course, fabulous cocktails.Before I talk about the food, I just want to note that the venue is fantastic. It's a perfect spot for dinner or drinks or both. They did a great job remodeling the Arsenal Bank Building to cater to the needs of the restaurant while maintaining touches of the building's history - be sure to stop and see the checks on the wall facing Butler. The ambience is true to the era - I absolutely love the piano in the lounge and the occasional live music. There are 2 more dining rooms in addition to the lounge, each with a slightly different feel but the same level of service. The wait staff is incredibly friendly and willing to offer suggestions, which are much needed since it is tough to choose from such great options.Initially, I didn't feel like the menu did justice to the food itself. Maybe I am just used to restaurants trying to talk up every item on their menu, so at first I thought the menu understated the complexity of the ingredients and the flavor. However, after thoroughly enjoying the first few items, I learned to appreciate the simplicity of the descriptions and just trust the chef. We tried the Shrimp and Grits, Lobster Rolls, Mac and Cheese, Deviled Eggs, Yaka Mein, Meatloaf, Oysters, Poke, and the Moon Pies for dessert. It was all exquisite, but the Yaka Mein and Meatloaf were my favorites.As for the drinks, I'd start by letting telling the expert bartenders what you like and letting them suggest something for you. The cocktail list makes it hard to decide, and they are good at matching your preferences and mood with the perfect drink.I can't wait to attend one of the special events or to take one of the mixology classes here. I will update the review once I do!
4	Came here on a Friday night. It was during a Pens play off game so you could actually find a seat.  Beautiful venue.  Friendly hostess and bartender. No standing policy is strict.  So if you don't see a seat at the bar or lounge area or have a reservation, you'll have to come back another time. But this makes it nice for a place to actually have a conversation with someone.  You don't have to yell to talk to the person next to you.  I ordered the Cold Snap.  If you like ginger snaps....this is wonderful.  Loved it.  Ordered the Tom & Rose second round and it was tasty.  Enjoyed the rosemary flavor.  My friend ordered a Mint Julep seeing as its Kentucky Derby time.  If nothing tickles your fancy on the menu, you can just ask the bartender to make you something special and surprise you....just give him/her your base alcohol that you enjoy and whether you like sweet, sour, herby, or spicy and they will come up with a magical drink.  The drinks are expensive, but worth it.  My friend and I shared the meatloaf and hushpuppies.  The hushpuppies were good, but you definitely needed a dipping sauce since it is dry by nature.  Unfortunately, I hate ketchup (yes, I know I'm weird) and that was what it came with.  But one of the servers was happy to get me some aioli to accompany the pups.  The meatloaf was very good, as well as the little potato pillows that came with it.  We asked the size of the meatloaf and got 2 different answers.  The first answer was the most accurate; it was SMALL.  Splitting the meat loaf was like 3 bites each.  And for $12, you expect a little more.  I understand the concept of small plates, but for that size, it should be around $8 or $9.  So the only reason that I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is the price of the food to the portion size ratio.  Six bites of meatloaf and some potatoes pillows does not add up to $12 even though it was good.  We were told that the meat they used in the meatloaf was antelope.  This could be the reason for the higher price.....but it tasted like beef just the same.  So the total bill for the night for two people....for 6 drinks and 3 small plates came to over $100. I will come back here, but I'm going to have to make it more of a special occasion thing in order to not hurt the pocket book too badly.
3	After looking at the menu and reading some of the reviews I was very excited to try Tender.  The concept is perfect for me, American tapas with plenty of comfort food. It appeared to me that there were two main dining areas, the front and the back.  I sat in the back, and didn't love the feel of it.  The space felt cramped, also, there was a group in the back that was uncomfortably loud.  This didn't help my dining experience.  The cocktails were fantastic, but it took forever to get them.  I understand that they are hand crafted, and that takes time.   However, we got our cocktails only slightly before our food came, and I was tempted to order my second one immediately after receiving the first.  I opted for a glass of wine instead of another cocktail in the end as I didn't want to wait.  For me at least, the food didn't quite deliver the flavor I was looking for.  Nothing was bad, but nothing jumped out at me.  I tasted the hush puppies, mac and cheese, meatloaf, and scrapple.  Each of them were fine, but none of them were great, and there didn't seem to be enough creativity (or really any) in the dishes. Love the concept, but in the end they just didn't deliver what I was hoping for.
5	Timely that the opening of this establishment coincides with the release of Gatsby.  Why?  This place is fancy and has that old-school look to it.  From the very obvious regal maroon walls to the more subtle additions including a type-writer posted on a ledge behind one of the booths, this place is fancy.  They should have kicked me out for walking in here with hospital scrubs on...Luckily they were kind enough to let me be and allow me to stimulate the local economy.  Four of us were able to enjoy an early dinner one weeknight evening.  We shared numerous plates including the mac n' cheese, hush puppies, vegetarian chili, among others.  The menu is unique in that food offerings are stratified across geographical regions-a very different and creative way of doing things.  All dishes were tasty and hit the spot.  What perhaps makes Tender even more unique are the cocktails.  Very unique selection, carefully crafted, perfectly executed...can't really think of any other places around here that compete.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy dining in Pittsburgh, but this establishment has more of a NYC/DC/NYC/Chicago/LA feel to it.  It's super fancy, high-end...blown away.Pittsburgh needs more places like this.  It's a great addition to the neighborhood.  Don't come here expecting a cheap meal.  Don't come here expecting to get super full off your meal.  Don't come here for leftovers.  If you want a good bang for your buck, take your game to a dive bar.   Expect to spend about $30-40/person for a satisfying meal with a drink.  It's worth it.
5	Tender makes cocktails extremely well, has a fantastic selection of modern and classic cocktails to choose from, and a solid liquor collection (e.g., PVW 23). My favorite cocktails are the Corpse Reviver #2 (gin and absinthe) and the Vieux Carre (rye whisky and cognac). They have excellent lighter stuff as well. It takes a while to prepare these cocktails. On busy nights, it can take more than 30 minutes. The food consists mostly of smaller plates of appetizers with a gourmet twist on low-brow local specialties.Of the bars in Pittsburgh, Tender has one of the best atmospheres. The interior is decorated in a 1920's bank theme. You sit on comfy sofas or around the bar at white leather chairs, and the lighting and sound level are comfortable. Cozy, but you can still have a conversation. Definitely good for a night out with friends or a romantic date.
5	I love love love loved this place! From the moment you step inside the old school feel is great! Start with ambiance A+++ reminded me of the early 1900's and loved the fashion style of the bartenders ! Onto the drinks. Up until this point bar-tending didn't require talent! I have never seen drinks made to perfection like I did here, and not your normal style of drinks! Everything was fresh! And they make their own cola..FOOD: ordered and tried a majority ofDifferent foods here, all small plates and portions deviled eggs were amazing along with the Mac and cheese oysters and yaka soup! The presentation alone made me just wanna take the food home and display it, not eat it...
2	Had a reservation yet had to wait 30 min for our table, then once sat 45 min for drinks, food came out before drinks. Small plates but the menu did not state that was expecting full portion.
4	Beautiful atmosphere, tasty food and cocktails done right! I would return!
5	After embury closed, the chance of getting a nice cocktail in the burgh was slim to none!  SO glad this placed opened up.  The Pre prohibition style drinks are so yummy.  I lean on the stronger side of drinks and can't stand very sweet ones, and Tender does exactly that.  If you don't know what you want, they'll recommend something awesome on the menu, or create something original.  It's a no standing policy bar, so it never gets too crowded in there.  The staff is super friendly.  Don't get intimated by their solemn stares.      My favorites are still Old Amsterdam and Widow's Kiss.  Food is tasty and light.  It's more tapas style.  Hush puppies are always a crowd favorite.  What goes better than fried goodness and delicious drinks?  Hands down, the BEST cocktail joint in Pittsburgh so far.
4	Really cool place! The bar was as impressive and unique as the drinks it produced. The food was followed suit in creativity and taste. The deconstructed banana split was amazing. I would be happy to return.
4	Short review here; another to follow someday once I've been here more extensively. I've been in once in the last month. A friend and I stopped in after going to Industry. The ambience and feel of the place is fantastic. Low-lit, sort of 20's/30's-ish vibe. All the fixtures seem to be very carefully chosen to great affect. Reminded me a little of the old Embury. The bartenders had the sort of facial hair one might have expected of such a joint.We weren't ready to eat so we sat at the bar and stared at the cocktail list. Ah what temptations. Eventually, I settled on the Strip District Sequel and my buddy had the Perennial Effect.  This is craft cocktailery (is that a word?) at its finest; putting your trust in the experts and knowing that while you the layman may not understand all the nuances, you'll be notably pleased with the end result. You can tell in the way the bartenders go about their trade.It ain't cheap but them's the breaks. Bravo, Tender, bravo. I look forward to coming back and trying the actual food menu sometime soon.
5	I'd give this place 4.5 stars if possible. I really like it but it is a little shy of being perfect. I live just a few blocks away and anxiously watched the renovations of the building in anticipation of the opening. The time spent on renovation was well worth it because the interior is beautiful and spot on for the atmosphere I believe the owners were striving for. Each time we've been there the service has been wonderful and each of the different craft cocktails I tried so far have lived up to the pre-opening hype. The small plates have ranged from pretty good to excellent. The only knock I have is the cost. I was dreaming of my own personal Cheers but this is more a place where you plan a nice outing than a place you pop into couple of times a week for a good drink and a light dinner.
4	Prohibition speakeasy ambiance? Check.  Incredibly friendly, hip, knowledgeable, and helpful staff?  Check?  1920's hair, and outfits?  Check?  Interesting craft cocktails, and delicious reasonably priced food?  Check and check!  For an added treat, check out their tenderpgh website with a very fun retro stylized vibe.I had a great experience at Tender and I'd go back in a heart beat.  My only criticisms are, the food menu while tasty is pretty limited with less than a dozen options at the time of my writing this.  The portions are pretty small (think tapas bar tastes) though they are prized accordingly with most dishes between $5-$8.  I suspect Tender (Short for bartender) makes most of their money on the drinks, most are in the $10-$15 range, so 3 drinks will easily cost you over $40 with tip.  That's a bit rich for my blood, but I'm the first to admit these are not your everyday libations.  They use top shelf ingredients, and hand craft each drink fresh for you, including rare ingredients like rhubarb bitters, blood orange marmalade, and clove infused cucumbers.  They also support local PGH businesses with ingredients like Wigle Whiskey and Heinz Simply Ketchup, which as a long time burgher I love to see.I'd go back for the nibbles, service, and atmosphere any day, but I'd save the craft drinks for a deserving occasion.  i.e. Taste on Tuesdays, but save the sipping for special Saturday celebrations!
4	It was time for the monthly get together with our foodie friends when we selected Tender Bar & Kitchen as our venue for tasty treats.  This old bank converted into new hot spot in Lawerceville takes you back in time (think flappers and Gatsby) while embracing you with childhood memories of food.Thank goodness for small plates because my decisions would have been ever harder!  We ordered a little of everything - oysters, hush puppies, deviled eggs, SCRAPPLE, and (my favorite) lobster rolls!  Being a native New Englander, this brought me a piece of home.  Fresh, sweet, creamy, and the crunch of the roll... I'm salivating as I write this!  My only wish is that there were more to a serving or I could just order a larger version.Since this is the place for high class cocktails, I selected the Blood and Sand.  My new favorite beverage in Pittsburgh.  Scotch and Blood Orange juice - How can you go wrong?  When you visit this diamond, please don't order a bud light.  Step out of your comfort zone and try something new.To satisfy our groups' sweet tooth, we ordered one of each of the desserts.  The moon pie was a little underwhelming.  Fluffernutter was finger licking good, bringing me back to my childhood.  I wouldn't call the banana split a dessert.  It was more like a piece of art.  It looked beautiful and delivered delicious flavors.Tender Bar & Kitchen now has a tender spot in my heart.  I cannot wait until the next time we venture out for cocktails.
5	Tender is quickly becoming my favorite go to bar and restaurant. The atmosphere cannot be beat. It is like walking into some bar of yesteryear but not in a pretentious way. This old bank converted to bar/restaurant has live music- piano player, bluegrass, they tweet what's going on. The bartenders mix up craft cocktails so delicious I cannot believe my eyes. And the food is delicious!The fun thing about Tender is while I've been there with a friend and we had a great time, and I've also had a great experience just grabbing a meal at the bar. My bar neighbors were very friendly, and my bar tender Sarah took excellent care of me. The drinks are fancy, delicious, and pack some serious power. For this lightweight about 2 and I'm flagged. The food is divine, pulling from different areas of Americana and dishing up some truly awesome eats. I had what may become my favorite cheeseburger there the other day and I can't say enough good things about it. I must return and have it again.It is not a cheap place, but you are paying for the quality that is in every step of your visit, the skill that is put into your drink, and into every step of your meal. They aim to take proper care of you, and I believe it's worth it. To summarize: I dig what they are doing here in a very big way, and I think you would dig it too.
3	We enjoyed our recent dinner experience at Tender. The staff was excellent, the cocktails selection was very interesting, the food was great. Although, I would have preferred a more expansive menu with additional entre selections. Nevertheless, we had a nice experience.
1	Tender is a gorgeous space that is well-decorated, with well-meaning waitstaff. However, the rest of the experience is a disaster. Where to start with the issues at this bar/restaurant/whatever:1. The bizarre rules. Tender is seated mainly by reservations, yet people who place them routinely still wait for tables. And you can't have a drink at the bar because there is no standing at the bar. I can't think of a better way to encourage people to leave a place! The main space is beautiful, but the back rooms are small & cramped, and it's unclear what purpose the equally dungeon-esque downstairs rooms could serve. 2. The waitstaff/bartenders: All of them are well-meaning, if a bit pretentious, but that's fine. What's hard to accept is that no one seems to know what is going on. Simply asking what beers are on draft produces a flurry of activity that still doesn't result in a simple list. This is probably in part due to the aesthetic decision to have silver tap handles without the descriptive beer handles; this is fine if the staff is briefed on what beers are on tap, but not so good when they are not. Different waitresses and hostesses are constantly coming up asking different questions; the whole thing is not what you would expect from a fine dining restaurant.3. The cocktails: they range from okay to great. Again, this is fine, but not what you would expect from a restaurant priding itself on its cocktails. Also, an attempt to order off the menu can end badly: I tried to order a Brooklyn cocktail only to have the waitress check, say it was okay, take my order, and then come back and say that they didn't have the ingredients. A prohibition-era bar doesn't have Rye, Vermouth, Bitters, Maraschino, and some kind of digestif?4. The food. When I first ate at Tender, right after they opened, I would say that, based on the price vs quantity of food, Tender is by far the most expensive restaurant in Pittsburgh. Portions were shockingly small and shockingly expensive. Plus, there was nothing of great expense or difficulty to prepare on the plates. To be fair, I know they've revamped their menu, so maybe they've addressed this issue.In short, Tender feels like a bar run by someone who likes restaurants, not a restauranteur. Everything is flash and sizzle, but no substance.
2	It's quickly becoming a pet peeve of mine that bars are not allowing patrons to be seated within the hours that they advertise on their doors.  Multiple patrons were still seated at the bar enjoying their drinks and yet I was turned away 40 minutes before Tender was supposed to close.  I suggest not going there late on a weekday night because it will be a waste of your trip.  The interior is unique and it is a bar I'm sure that is worth a visit once but the hours they list are deceptive.
5	Tender is a wonderful addition to the Pittsburgh bar scene! They have extensive collection of bourbons and other drinks that you can't find anywhere else. They're trying to bring old drinks that folks from our generation never heard of and make them popular again which is really cool! The cocktails are very unique and tasty! The food menu is small, but every item we tried was fantastic! The ambiance is the best part! It's very retro Speakeasy like, with very beautiful interior design. They successfully kept the beauty of the original retro place; they even created a really beautiful wall using old checks from the old bank that used to occupy this space in the old days! There was a Bluegrass band playing when we were there on a Tuesday night. I hope they start bringing jazz musicians too!!I would definitely go back and bring more friends. It's perfect if you're not starving (because the portions are small) and craving excellent cocktails! My only advice to the owner is to educate the bartenders and servers more about the history of this place, and the retro drinks!
2	I stopped by here this past Friday evening with my fiance and two other dining companions.  We had made reservations earlier in the week and arrived at the restaurant right around the time of our reservations and were immediately seated.  The hostess took us through a cool looking bar area and into a back room that had two tables for 4 and a lounge area.  It was a pretty cool space and the lounge area looked like it could fit right into the Mad Men TV show or maybe even a bit earlier.  As we sat down, we were given our menus.  Since it was Pittsburgh Restaurant week they had a special going where you could get an appetizer, entree and dessert for $25 and gave three options for each.  Beyond that, I can't really say that there was much of a menu besides a bar snacks section which left me disappointed.  Long before we got there our dining companions had let us know that they would be about 15 minutes later than our reservation for dinner.  As such I decided to order from the bar snacks portion while we waited for them and so we started off with the popcorn which that night ended up being a dill covered popcorn.  It ended up being really good with a decent amount of butter on it and a generous serving of dill.  For dinner I decided to have the spicy chicken as my appetizer, a pasta as my entree and then a vegan gingersnap ice cream sandwich filled with peaches and cream ice cream.  One of my dining companions asked how the ice cream was vegan and I believe that they replied that it was made with tofu instead of diary.  My meal started off well as the spicy chicken had a good spice level to it.  It was actually much spicier than I had been expecting but that is a good thing to for me as I love my food to be spicy.  Next up was the pasta which was quite a disappointment.  There was barely any sauce on it I honestly could not taste any of the flavors that they had on the menu.  Normally I like just about everything that I eat but I don't care for wasting calories on something that is bland and doesn't taste like much.  Finally I had the dessert.  It was, well interesting may be the best word.  Whenever it came out to us the ice cream was melting which was fine and I dove right into it.  The taste was not that great although not bad either and I wish that I could describe it but I don't know that I have ever had anything comparable to it.  At least the ginger snaps were good as they were a little crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.The bottom line for me is that I will not be heading back to Tender in the future.  I honestly can't say that the food was terrible, but it wasn't nearly worth the money that we spent on it.  Beyond that their menu was very limited and if they had posted the actual menu that they were serving on the restaurant week website instead of a sample one from which they were only minor similarities, I do not believe that we would have gone there.  At least the service was good and the ambiance of the place nice
4	A friend and I made reservations here during Restaurant Week. The atmosphere was welcoming, if a bit sterile-feeling, but the drinks were tasty and potent. I started with the Pickle Plate, which had a variety of pickled veggies. For my entree I had the  pan-seared trout with barley risotto. It was nicely prepared and very tasty. For dessert I had the key lime pie (because I can never say "no" to key lime pie).Overall, it was a pleasant experience and I'm definitely looking forward to returning and trying the regular menu.
4	Came to Tender with a friend on a Thursday night around 6pm. It was pretty quiet so we got seated right away. Our waiter was great- very friendly, explained the menu, answered our questions. I ordered the Tom & Rose which was unbelievable - who knew rosemary and lemon flavors make a good cocktail!?! As for food, I was not blown away, but maybe I just picked poorly. I had the duck sausage and beans (appetizer) - it was pretty spicy (BBQy) which was ok, but the sausage and everything tasted a little dry overall. My friend had he burger and said it was really good. I Will definitely be back for the drinks, and maybe to give the food another shot. Also curious what the ambiance is like later in the evening...
5	I cannot say enough good things about this gem of a restaurant/bar! Everything from the decor/ atmosphere to the presentation and quality of the food was absolutely excellent.  I had a reservation because there is such limited seating, which is highly recommended. The hostess was very pleasant and our server was incredibly knowledgable about the food choices, the cocktails, and their craft beer selection. We first ordered the cheese plate as an appetizer which had a perfect mix of savory and sweet accompanying additions to the cheeses. I got one of their specialty cocktails which I would highly suggest. The bartenders are very obviously experienced and good at their craft. My girlfriend and I split the burger and potato skins, both of which were incredibly flavorful. I would definitely go back to Tendr the next time that I'm in Pitt. It's a hidden gem that won't disappoint! Next time though, I'll go to sample more of their amazing specialty cocktails!
5	Well made and unique drinks are the focus at Tender.  I usually come back to The Van Buren, which has been on the menu since day 1.  They've divided the menu by spirit forward, sweet, and light/refreshing drinks...it might be the most sensible drink menu I've ever seen.  There's also a list of standard cocktails that includes quite a few tiki drinks.  The Jet Pilot comes in a cored pineapple with a flaming lime cup of 151...pretty impressive for $11.  As our bartender last night pointed out, there really isn't anyone in PGH doing tiki drinks, but Tender does them very well, in an albeit classier environment.While I never tried the original food menu, the new burger/snacks menu seems like a better fit.  Try the tots.  The architecture and decor is polished and makes you want to dress up a bit.  With no standing and not too many seats, I've always had quick and friendly service, and seem to learn or try something new every time I come.
5	My wife and I dined here last night and had an absolutely wonderful experience.  The ambience is rich, warm, and inviting. The service was attentive but not overbearing. The food was prepared and plated perfectly.  The thing that makes tender the most unique though is the bar which is stocked with the best selection of whiskey that I have ever seen in Pittsburgh.  This was our first trip there and I can assure you that we will be back often.
4	To qualify, I have technically only had one cocktail here, but was very satisfied with the experience.  Of course, I got to try sips of all the others at the table, which gave me more data on the cocktail quality beyond my one drink.  :)  I had the Immortality juice, which sounded light and refreshing but was boozier than expected.  Very tasty and balanced, however.  They seem to make things on the tarter side, which suits my taste just fine.  All the others I tasted were similarly well balanced.  The place has that prohibition-era feel to it, which by now is nothing new, but it is beautiful and cozy inside.  Service was very friendly and prompt.  I would definitely go back anytime when I'm in town!  Good to see Pittsburgh getting some great cocktail places!  I would love to try the food too...
3	Loved the ambiance. Disappointed by the food. Hubs and I met a couple friends at Tender during restaurant week. The menu listed on the restaurant week website did not look very appealing to me but the regular menu had some interesting finds that I thought would be tasty. Upon arrival, we found out that the only menu they had was their restaurant week menu and some bar snacks. Not to mention that the restaurant week menu was not the same as what was listed on the website. Therefore, if you wanted to eat a meal, you only had the restaurant week menu option which was $25 for an app, entree and dessert. There were three selections for app and entree and two for dessert. I had the hot chicken for an app. Reminded me of a spicy boneless wing. The burger for entree which I ended up giving half to hubs because he did not care for his pasta dish. I tried the pasta and had to pass as well. (And this coming from a carb addict!) For dessert, I had the gingersnap and peach ice cream sandwich. The ice cream was melted and the cookies were hard. On the other hand, I repeatedly stole bites of hubs deconstructed key lime pie which I usually hate. The highlight of our meal, the beer our server suggested to us which I can not remember for the life of me!  All in all, Tender seems like a good place to get a drink and a snack before or after a meal. If I do return, I will do so on a full stomach.
5	love the cocktails and experienced bar staff
4	Definitely worth it to go on the first Tuesday of every month when they have LIVE MUSIC (old-time violin and banjo). I wish they had it more often; it is perfect for the ambiance, Great place for a date.
4	I came for dinner late on Saturday night. We had made reservations earlier in the week. We were seated immediately, even though we were 15 minutes or more early for our reservation. I ordered a cocktail made with vodka, cherry, pomegranate and lemon. It was very girly, pink, and served in a martini glass, oh and it was also delicious, refreshing, a little more on the sweet side, but not too sweet. The menu has various appetizers and a blurb about asking the server for the entree specials. There were two specials, so we ordered one of each. The crispy skinned trout came with roasted potatoes, shallots, and dill oil. The fish was fresh, oily, and cooked to a perfect medium rare. The skin, however, was not crispy. The other special was a vegetable lasagna with a root vegetable beschemel sauce. It also had mushrooms and tomatoes. It was delicious, and I think the pasta was made fresh. It will take about 10-15 minutes from the time you order a cocktail, and it's put on your table, so plan ahead accordingly. Even a glass of wine took ten minutes, probably because it was behind a few orders. The server was at our table a total of three times: to take our order, to drop off our checks, and then give us our receipts. It was obvious he had another section in the other part of the restaurant, but we had to order our drinks from the other waitstaff who were clearing our plates and glasses. Overall, I think this is a great bar, but not a great "sitting down" restaurant.
5	I love the range of atmospheres you get on different days. On a slow weeknight, you might have bartenders dressed in flannel, playing Morrissey on the turntable. On weekends, you'll have folks dressed to the nines while big band plays, bustling about as they sling carefully crafted cocktails to a packed house.If you've read my reviews before, you know I like to keep the company of bartenders. I love watching the combination of speed and precision, the slight technique variations, and of course the education. That's what I feel like I get when I visit Tender -- an education in how flavors might unexpectedly combine, and how to do it myself as well. The bartenders are welcoming and assuming the place isn't totally packed, happy to shoot the breeze with you about the background of a drink, or a spirit, or talk personal preference. For a budding cocktail enthusiast, it's a great environment.The "kitchen" part of Tender Bar & Kitchen is clearly secondary to the cocktails, but the small bites they serve are always satisfying.
3	If i could have given Tender 3.5 stars I would have... but instead of an overall rating I think it helps to break it down...- For service, Tender gets 5 stars: the host/waiter was friendly and gave us some great insight into the menu and ordering suggestions- The ambiance gets 4 stars: The rehab of this old bank was great and the overall feel was very cozy... but I wouldn't give 5 stars because it was actually a little bit too cozy (I felt like I was right there in all of the awkwardness of the first date happening next to our table)- The cocktails get 4 stars: they had some really interesting combinations and a huge selection... the cocktails we tried (the Petrichor and the Parker & Barrow) were great, but I would say I have had some that I liked a little bit more at some of Pittsburgh's other locations- The food, however, gets 2 stars: We started with the olive plate and mac n' cheese to share... olives were tasty but we got a total of 4 large olives, 2 medium olives, and 6 itty bitty olives (think the size of a bean) for $4. The mac n' cheese was about the size of a softball, but I have to say i LOVED all of its flavors and the salty arugula and granny smith apples it was served with. I will give them the $7 for that.  Then we both got burgers, added bacon for $1, and shared one side of tater tots and one side salad ($3 each).  Our two burgers and sides totaled $32. Don't get me wrong, it was a really good burger.  But it was average-size and there was nothing particularly amazing about it.  $3 worth of tater tots turned out to be six slightly larger than the frozen kind served with Heinz ketchup.  The menu proudly stated that they served "Simply Heinz" as if that was supposed to make me swoon.  Sure, I'm happy they served an all-natural option but if you're going to make a point to talk about where your condiments come from you should probably make them in-house.  Lastly, the side salad came with everything the regular salad included (butternut squash, carrots, greens, ginger dressing) but to continue to "save a buck" the kitchen decided to leave off the goat cheese.  I'm paying $13 for a burger and you can't throw on $0.50 worth of goat cheese, which makes everything taste a million times better?In short, I thought Tender was a great place to grab a cocktail or two and I will definitely be back to drink away the cold winter sting... but I will make sure I eat before I go.
5	This is my favorite cocktail place in Pittsburgh. All the bartenders are very experienced, so don't be afraid to order off the menu. The food is pretty delicious too -- they have one or two entrees which vary each day.
5	Went here the other night with my girlfriend. A friend of ours was raving about it so we had to see what all the hype was. Was she ever right! Place was awesome! Drinks were amazing, staff was great, we got the ice cream...whoa, mind blowing. Even in the cold weather I would eat 12 more servings.
1	Where simple syrup knows no bounds!Can you add simple syrup to a Manhattan? To just any drink?  You'll find out here! (The answer is, sadly, yes).
1	Let me paint the picture. Visiting from Los Angeles. Walked in on a recommendation for a  drink. 4 of us good looking crowd. Walked in on a Tuesday looking for a table. Hostess said "the computer estimates a 3 hour wait" LOL . You're not that cool. I looked around this crappy light bar with a fat middle aged crowd. We walked right out laughing our butts off
3	Decent enough drinks and bartenders, but food is just ok. Pricey for average small plates. Smaller, but cool interior. Overall a pretty hipster experience.
3	If you're a man who wears form fitting vests and bow-ties who likes to get creative with his facial hair and wait forever to be served high priced cocktails, this is the place for you.If you're a woman who likes to dress as a character on a television show set in the early 60's except that you're covered in tattoos, this is the place for you.I kid the hipsters, but that's not why this place gets 3 stars (3.5 would be more accurate, but forced to choose, 3 is truer than 4).  No, the reason for the middling review is that when I arrived with my three friends on a Friday at about midnight to a bar with a light crowd, I had to wait over 15 minutes to be served.  We sat at the bar where one man was washing glasses/straightening up, and two women behind the bar were chatting about something relatively amusing and checking facebook/texting.  At first I was mildly amused, then after 5-8 minutes simply couldn't believe nobody asked us for our order - I mean they do get to keep the tips right?  After about 15 minutes I argued we should leave.  My friend then addressed the bartender and asked for us to be served. There was no demanding crowd.  The people behind the bar weren't hustling.  They just let us sit there.  Perhaps we were treated this way because we buy our clothes at Nordstom's and not some Brooklyn flea market specializing in vintage whatever - I don't know.The room is very nice and seems like a great location for a bar/restaurant.  Prices were high but not outrageous given the room.Had drinks the same night at Hambone's and  Industry Public House - both across the street from Tender and they both were great if very different bars.
5	5 stars for drinks! If you're looking for the perfectly crafted beverage, this place has the most skilled and artistic bartenders in the 'burgh - no question. I can mention a spirit or mood and they really nail it every time. We also walked in with a small party that quickly grew into a large group. With limited seating and rather strong personalities in the group, these guys handled it amazing - thanks to Chas for your stellar service.
5	The friendliest bar & restaurant in Lawrenceville, by a landslide! I've been here three times. The first was after eating at Industry across the street and receiving dismal service. I came to Tender for a cocktail. Both of the bartenders were super friendly, and the cocktails, as many have already said, are very strong. For happy hour prices, it was incredible! The second time was for New Years Eve. Your ticket included hors d'oeuvres, a welcome cocktail, two drink tickets, plus a champagne toast. For the price, it was an incredible deal! The servers passed around hors d'oeuvres quick, and often made several rounds. Lastly, I went to the beer class on Saturday. Again, incredible. For $20 a ticket, we had A LOT to taste and the teacher was an expert. The owner was there to facilitate, and he is clearly the reason why Tender's friendliness is so blatant a contrast from other Lawrenceville spots. He was super nice and recommended restaurants in Pittsburgh that he didn't even own. Highly, HIGHLY recommend!
5	Excellent service!!!  Our server, Cass, was fantastic!!!  So knowledgable. So friendly. And was on point with EVERYTHING!!!!  Food was amazing too. Mac and cheese, potato skins, chicken skewers, the burger and the tator tots were awesome. Not one complaint!!!!
5	The cocktails here are always inventive and delicious. The staff is really friendly and nice too- last time I went here my friend spilled his cocktail as soon as he got it and they were happy to provide a refill at no charge. I can't commend on the food since I have only been here for drinks, but it looks great on the neighboring tables.
3	Loved the ambiance and great location.  But unfortunately I was really disappointed in this place.  I went several months ago and I heard that there have perhaps been some improvements since then though, such a greater focus on simpler foods since the more complicated ones were not doing as well.  They focus on craft cocktails which were very good, but I've had better at Bar Marco or other nice restaurants in town for the same price.  The food portions were SUPER tiny and really expensive.  I had to order several things to feel satisfied and spent quite a bit of money.  I loved the mac n cheese, but was pretty disappointed in most of the other things I had.  The Yaka mein was particularly awful and almost inedible.  Yaka mein is a popular dish in New Orleans so I know what it is supposed to taste like.  Also it is supposed to be cheap street food, not fancy and overpriced.  Now I really love salt and tend to like food on the salty side, but the soup base in this dish tasted like pure soy sauce!! I tried to pull the noodles out and drip the sauce off to eat them but it was just awful I couldn't finish it, and I was still so hungry since the other portions were so small.  Everything else was pretty unmemorable.  Service was excellent though and very attentive.
3	I have mixed feelings about Tender. We went during Restaurant Week and had a not-so-great experience. I understand they get really busy during that time, but it is also a time to really dazzle your patrons and get them to come back. I'm not in any rush to get back there. I also found out that their restaurant week menu is offered every Monday, so there should not have been any surprises in tke kitchen, besides maybe more patrons than a typical Monday.Brynn was our server and she was the best part of our meal. She was very sweet and very knowledgeable about the menu and cocktails. The bourbon in the drink I ordered was far too smoky for my liking, so she offered to either get me a new drink or doctor up the current one. I decided to see what they could do to change the current one with those grand shelves of liquor and was very impressed! She described what I didn't like about the drink to the bartender and they added some sort of citrus juice to take away the bite of the bourbon. We ordered from the special Restaurant Week menu. I chose the Blue Burger with potato skins and my boyfriend chose the Tender Burger with bacon and a salad. This is where things started going downhill. The salad was ok and the skins were pretty much just roasted and seasoned potato cubes. We both ordered our burgers medium, so we were very disappointed when they came out VERY well done, almost charred and not even a sliver of pink in the middle. I was leery of sending it back to the kitchen after getting my drink fixed, but we decided to talk to our server and send them back. I figured we'd have to wait for a bit, but it seemed worth it to get a meal that was not overcooked. It took about 30 minutes for our food to come back out...needless to say, the rest of our party had long finished by the time it arrived. Tender is not a huge place, so it's not like they were preparing burgers for hundreds of people... Based on experiences in the past, I expected the kitchen wait time to be addressed by a manager, but nothing was mentioned.When the second round of burgers (finally) came out, they were absolutely delicious. My review would definitely have been bumped up to 4 if that had come out the first time around, but the overall experience and service is just as important as the meal itself.
5	Very friendly and welcoming place.  Limited menu (Monday night burger night) but the food was very good.  Service was very good, and the cocktails worked fine.  Went with our 10-year-old who was welcomed and greatly enjoyed the cream soda _and_ root beer.  Beautiful space.
2	If this rating was based solely on aesthetics this would be a five. However, beyond the uber cool look, there isn't much to rave about. Menu- super limited. Definitely more of a drink spot than a place to dine. The service is slow and the girl who took care of us reeked of "I really don't want to be here and I am just barely putting up with your requests for water and more drinks."Wine was good- we had the spicy greens and beans. Not spicy at all. Made with kidney beans. That was a first. Others, because of lack of options, chose the BBQ chicken which was dry. They are trying to be a hip place but for what you are paying you get okay food, and really lame service. We went to Soba for a drink afterward and the interaction with kind, friendly, knowledgeable staff was a marked contrast. I won't go back toTender again and do not recommend.
4	We were there on Saturday, around 10pm, and were delighted to be seated without any booking. The only seats were in the backroom  - usually I hate backrooms, you are far from the action, they are uncomfi, waiters forget about you, but the backroom at Tender is just fine with nice lounge style seats. So no reason to complain.The cocktails were all tasty, some very good. And we sampled 6-7 this evening. They also have some punch - beware headaches next morning. The main room is beautiful, and the bar gorgeous. The service was ok, but not fantastic. It's not cheap, but the cocktails are worth it.
1	I stopped by here on a Friday night around 12am with a few others to grab a drink. The place had 3 open tables and several barstools available but we were stopped at the door and told we can't stand at the bar. The hostess then "checked" with another person that worked there to determine if we were good enough to come in. I've never felt so uncomfortable or unwelcomed in a bar before! After several awkward moments, I decided to leave and spend my money elsewhere. Clearly, we weren't hipster enough for this place.
4	I was skeptical of this hotel-esque bar, but the cocktails blew me away--literally, I couldn't walk straight. It was the best and they were delicious. On Monday nights they feature $7 burgers so I will be back to eat--and maybe have one drink if I am feeling rich enough.
3	Stopped in here for a couple of cocktails with a friend after putting it on my list a few months ago. I was expecting an experience a bit different than what I got. While the interior was nice, I was kind of expecting a bit more of an upscale vibe and drink menu- however, the drinks were mostly tropical and fruity and the bartenders were wearing Hawaiian shirts. I had no problem with this, but the prices (and decor) should be in agreement with the drinks and dress code of the staff. Overall, I didn't know what kind of bar/restaurant Tender was gunning for- is it more of a laid back tropical oasis in the middle of Lawrenceville or is it upscale and trendy with a tropical infusion? I really had no idea. Maybe if I would have taken a look at the food menu I would have gotten a better idea, but I left after one cocktail (which I had no complaints about).
1	I used to love this place, but since we've been turned away twice because "those tables are reserved and you can't stand at the bar", and "the restaurant is reserved for a private event", I'm giving Tender one star. Seriously, you let someone rent out the entire bar on a Friday night for a baby shower? Tender needs to decide what is it, a bar, a party hall, or a restaurant.
5	There is nothing that I can say  that hasn't already been said. The liquor selection is fantastic, the food is almost always amazing, the bartenders are fantastic and incredibly knowledgeable, the owner is often there to ensure things go smoothly, everyone is nice, blah blah blah. Oh, and the no standing room policy? I dig it. You yoga/sweat pants wearing people might not, but it's nice to be able to enjoy yourself somewhere that isn't packed to the gills.
5	I've been here several times with friends for drinks and food in the evening -- always great. The decor is really nice, cozy, and interesting. The owner even gave a friend and me a personal tour one night after we overheard him talking about the history of the building. It was a bank, and the restrooms are where the vault once was! There are still some original features, such as the bar which was made from marble on the bank walls, and the front wall is decorated with original cheques from the early 1900's-ish. The floor is original, if I remember correctly, and they have some framed, genuine doctor's prescriptions for alcohol :) Their cocktails are perfection, complex and high-end. Of course you'll pay high-end prices, but it's worth it. The food menu is relatively small, but I think most people will find something they'll like, and it will be delicious and of high quality. I'm obsessed with their smoked squash soup with pistachios and goat cheese on top, and baked mac'n'cheese with a small arugula salad. They also frequently have entertainment such as local live music, or holiday events such as a delicious Mardi Gras menu. Go! Do it!
5	I came here because I thought it was Tinder Bar and would be a human, live action, Tinder app replication. I would have "swiped right" on our server, Brynn. The high ceilings were nice and created the feeling of space and reminded me of the internet. My friend attempted to charm some girls at the bar, the way people did before Tinder came out. They swiped left on him and said nope. The cocktails were great. I was pleased to see a small tiki section. My stomach was upset and the bartender concocted a nice ginger based drink with other gut friendly ingredients. Brynn gave me an awesome tiki version of a Straub lager.
2	We showed on a Saturday as a party of five. With a friend visiting from our of town, I figured we would take her to a few neat spots. The bar area is really nice, the lounge area in the back was beautiful. I really wanted to like it, I really did.Approached the hostess, asked if we could sit outside. Advised, no, they only have seating for four. Is it that hard to pull up a chair? So we were directed to the lounge area in the back.... We were shown to two lounge type seats for FOUR people and they handed us a wooden dinning room table for our fifth... BUT that couldn't be done on the patio.We looked over the menus, decided on drinks and even on a small plate. We sat for five minutes, no one ever came. So, we left. Walked right past the service station, made eye contact with a server as we passed... NOTHING WAS SAID. Not even a hey, we will be with you in a second. Nothing.  Yet another spot to not return to. Ever.
1	... what is up with this place? I thought I'd give them another chance.  We've now been sitting here for 35 minutes without drinks. This is a bar, right? The sign outside says so. These drinks better be f-ing amazing.
5	I have never written a review for a restaurant | bar before; however, after my meal last night, I was compelled to share my experience. Everyone knows that Tender serves delicious drinks. I myself have been enjoying amazing craft cocktails in Tender's swanky environment for quite some time. The restaurant is clean and tastefully decorated; the staff are friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable.  What surprised me was the addition of chef Brian Little to the Tender team.  Last night Brian created the most delicious, tender, fall-off-the-bone lamb shank I have ever had.  The impressive caveman-like shank of meat was artfully plated with complementary sauces, potatoes, and mushrooms picked fresh that day.  Food of this caliber is something that many, including myself, may not associate with Tender. Realizing this, I decided to write this review. Spread the word folks, Tender has food... and its amazing!
3	Made a reservation for 8 people when we visited home and ended up in "the green room" which is a lounge separate from the main bar area.The waitstaff didn't tell us about the room and that we wouldn't be at regular tables. Would be a nice area if you had a large party and wanted to mingle, but we rearranged the couches and side tables a bit to make it more comfortable. Had to unexpectedly limit what we could order (nothing that really needed a knife and fork -- hard to cut a steak on a coffee table)Generally really yummy food (shared a bunch of the small plates) and pretty good service. In the end felt like visiting a friends house who put up big $$ for a private chef and servers! ha! Just make sure you know what to expect if you make a reservation!!
1	I went here a couple times then stopped.  The bartenders are WAY to into themselves, which is probably the reason the service sucks.  What this place needs is people interested in serving the customer not posing.  I don't need to be looked down on by the people slinging drinks. And it's too bad cause I like the owner.
4	Finally made it to Tender after repeatedly ogling the drink menu. I wish I could give two ratings to this place. As a bar 5 stars. Drinks were well worth coming for. For people who complain about the price they are comparable to other quality drink places such as Acacia or Meat and Potatoes. As a food establishment I would give 3 stars, good not great. We went on a Thursday around 630. I will say the service to get our first drink took awhile give how few people there were, however the server was attentive after that. I will concur on some of the other reviews stating some of the staff seem more interested in talking to each other than serving customers. I had The Katherine, which tasted like an interesting take on a Manhatten , and the Don Lockwood , which was tasted mostly like a very smokey scotch with maple syrup. My wife had the Antifogmatic and the USS Richmond. Would recommend the latter, bit sweet but very good combo and flavors complement each other well. We both had burgers. Again good not great. Perhaps I've become spoiled with so many newer high quality burger joints like Wingharts and Burgatory. Though I will say you should add the potato wedges just for the garlic aoli sauce. Next time will have to try the small plates. Would go back for the drinks anytime, I do hope the service becomes better. I will say our drinks came fast after ordering , contrary to some reviews.
5	Make reservations or you're in for a long wait. A dark speakeasy lounge with comfortable couches and good atmosphere. Incredibly delicious cocktails, with archaic, obscure or fascinating ingredients. Good for a date, after-dinner drinks, or catching up with old friends.
1	This place is just obnoxious and small. Went there once and will never return. I don't mind paying high prices for the specialty cocktails, but the food? Never again! Very very small servings and not that great. Also, the seating was terrible. We were squeezed in like sardines right beside this piano, so my friend couldn't even get out.I will stick with Acacia on the South Side from now on. Similar drinks, nicer staff, not as pretentious. No food, but that's an okay exchange in my book. Tender was that awful.
4	Note: This review is for drinks only.  I came here with my +1 for some drinks after attending the Yelp Burgh Bash at the PGH Public Market.  We arrived around 9pm on a Thurs., and although there were a decent number of people, it wasn't crowded.  Although there were open tables, we opted to sit at the bar, which was a great choice since it allowed us to gaze at the huge wall of liquors, which was the first thing that we noticed as we drove by while looking for parking.  Also, it allowed us to interact with our friendly bartender, Sarah.  Finally, I think it provided a better overall view of the interior, which definitely evoked both a bank and a speakeasy. There was also a pianist playing, which added to the ambiance--I believe this is the norm for Thurs. between 9-11pm.We had two rounds, with the first round consisting of house specialties, and the second round consisting of tiki drinks.  For my first round drink, I ordered the Barvey Hallbanger, a drink concocted by one of the other bartenders for entry into the PGH cocktail week competition.  As the name suggests, it was similar to a Harvey Wallbanger, but more complex in flavor.  (I can't recall specifics and I can't look them up b/c they're not on the normal menu, unfortunately.) My +1 ordered a paper airplane (particularly appropriate in light of his profession as an airline pilot), which was quite fruity and refreshing, and didn't taste like bourbon at all, even though it was bourbon-based.  Even though I wouldn't have expected it, on both rounds, my drinks were stronger than his.For my second round drink, I ordered a Mai Tai, per Sarah's recommendation, and my +1 ordered the Navy Grog, which contains 4 (count 'em!) types of rum.  My mai tai was great--this'll definitely be one of my go-to tiki drinks from now on--which I expected.  The Navy Grog surprised me, however--I thought all the rum would be too much, but it went down surprisingly easily!  All of the drinks were well-balanced and stiff--I'm glad I didn't have any more since I was definitely feeling tipsy after the second round!  Although the small plates looked interesting, we didn't order any food because we were both stuffed from all of the food at the Burgh Bash.While it was a bit pricy, and therefore not something we can do every day, my +1 and I definitely enjoyed our experience at Tender.  The drinks, service, and ambiance were all great for imbibing some craft cocktails, especially later at night after having eaten substantially elsewhere.  We also liked that the neighborhood (Lawrenceville) caters to a more upscale, yuppie crowd than the South Side, although, as we learned, parking can be just as hectic.  4.5 stars.
4	The cocktails were spot on, perfection. Actually I think all cocktails should be prepared this way. Bar tending has gotten sloppy and people expect less. These are what cocktails should be, no lessThe potato skins were awesome, the presentation was superb. It's a nice " adult " crowd if you know what I mean. The tiki drinks were a surprise. Where else in this city would have falernum! A local ' burgher couldn't even pronounce it!No pinnacle vodka here, lolLove the quality of the establishment.The only negative was grease splatter all over the large edged tomato soup bowl. It was very obvious.
5	One of my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! The ambiance is classy but fun, the food is unique and extremely good and thoughtful and the prohibition style cocktails are to die for! Did I mention the cocktails? They really know what they are doing here! Ask lots of questions, the bar tenders are excellent mixologists and can hook you up with something you will fall in love with. If you are trying to impress your friends or a date, bring them here.
5	I dont know why everyone always gives this place such bad reviews. I have been here numerous times and every time I have excellent service, cocktails, and food. I love the ambiance and whole feel of the building. Makes you feel like you are at a comfortable speakeasy which is a breath of fresh air from the typical yinzer dive bar that litter our city. Also as a bartender myself, I appreciate the no standing policy they have in place. The last thing they would want to do after crafting over a cocktail for a large amount of time is to hear some dude sticking his arm thru the guests asking for a Miller Lite. Keep up the good work Tender. Will definitely be back soon.
1	It may have been a bad day, it may have been incredibly busy, there are a lot of excuses that they could say, but my experience was down right awful. We had a reservation for 8:30pm and just stood there at an empty hostess stand for 5 minutes before someone finally acknowledged us and came over.  When we finally sat down and ordered it was yet another long long wait.  30 minutes before we got 3 drinks. It was an hour before we got three dishes. AN HOUR. I'm not exaggerating here, it was legitimately an hour.  1 hour = 3 dishes. The waiter wasn't even around for us to ask him.  It was yet another wait for us to ask for our check (we had to ask another waitress because our waiter wasn't even to be seen). TLDR: Worst. Experience. Ever. Why. Oh God why. I wish we never came. But the atmosphere was nice.
4	After returning here several months later, it does seem they have improved quite a bit.  The food I had the 2nd time around was much better and it seemed like they weren't trying too hard to reach beyond their abilities with the various ethnic foods and focused more on American and comfort type of food options.  The cocktails continued to be very good, but I still find the ones at Bar Marco to be superior.
5	Great food, good drinks! Great place for friends to meet. We had a small engagement party here in the downstairs room which was absolutely wonderful. Very charming and cozy. We had our own bartender and good appetizers. I would recommend!
4	We really enjoyed our dinner at Tender and we will be back.  We were immediately seated and impressed with the options for cocktails.  Our waiter was one of the best; he was very knowledgable as he guided us through the options for drinks and food.  He was always  available but never hovering. The drinks were great!  We ended up with burgers, which were ok.  There are  too many burger choices in Pittsburgh today.  We will return for the other dinner choices, though.
4	Tender sits in the heart of Lawrenceville as a renovated bank, making for an interesting and unique set up. Fantastic food is paired with equally well-crafted cocktails. Service is prompt and tailored to your needs but at the cost of limited seating. That coupled with steep prices made me ding a star off the rating. This place is well suited for a few friends or a date, just remember to make reservations- no standing room!Ambience:It's a small restaurant that's been fashioned from an old renovated bank. Definitely made for a unique feel but it's dressed up in an old school, classy kind of way. Dimly lit and matches the care and attention both you and your order gets.  Not so great for families and kids but perfect for a date or small group (3-4 people max). Food:Since we went on a whim, we ended up sitting by the bar and ordering the Tender burger. For $11, it was very reasonably priced although many of the other dishes ranged from $20-30 and small plates seemed a bit skimpy on the portion. That being said, the burger was flavorful, well-seasoned and cooked perfectly. The potato skins were a must have for a side as well. One of the better burgers I've had around not due to originality but simply due to great ingredients and perfect execution. Drinks:These will make me come back every night. Plenty of places in Pittsburgh offer unique, craft cocktails but this place by far gives them the love and care they deserve. A sign of that is the fact that the bartenders' names are listed on the menu. The waiters are well-versed in what they offer and make great recommendations. Despite having tried a few different ones, I can't get away from the Forty-Third Street. One of the best cocktails in Pittsburgh that I've had. Perfect for someone who likes bourbon and spices- the cardamom really evens out the bite.
5	Incredible cocktails! The staff is extremely knowledgeable about each and every drink and can expertly walk you through the extensive drink menu. Classy and timeless while being modernly adventurous simultaneously.
5	The cocktail menu, atmosphere, servers and food are near impossible to beat.  Tender Bar & Kitchen is definitely in my top 3 bars in Pittsburgh. My favorite spot is the two seats at the far end of bar. Brilliant for taking in the atmosphere and people watching to your hearts content.A great touch to the House cocktail menu is the inclusion of its creator underneath.  It allows you to work out which bartenders style works for you...if you frequent there enough. We feasted on the appetiser, small plates and dessert portion of the menu. It was one of the best meals I have had this year in Pittsburgh.  I am drooling just thinking about it again. We shared the lamb sweetbreads which were delicately coated, fried and sprinkled with crispy prosciutto. I chose the sweet potato gnocchi for my main - oh boy!! Not only did it look gorgeous but it was absolutely delicious.  The gnocchi was made to perfection and surrounded in a delicate sauce, sprinkled with bleu cheese and accompanied by squash and romanesco broccoli. My friend ordered the burger of the day, which was a mouthwatering combination of pancetta, baby kale, a creamy aioli atop a beef patty all held together within a brioche bun. It was the best burger I have tasted!  Absolutely devine.  Finally we decided to share the dulce de leche cheesecake. People - if this is on the menu, order it immediately.  I was so full but couldn't stop eating it. Sweet caramelly perfection is all I can say.I love this place and highly recommend it.  Great atmosphere. Great food. Great night out.
5	The only place in Pittsburgh I would go to just for the pickles. The cocktails are interesting and delicious. It's very trendy, and the atmosphere is nice.
