4	A good option if you find yourself stuck mid strip with Pangs of Hunger.  Wedged in between the new Bank nightclub and the elaborately ceilinged Fix restaurant is a lil' snackbar, mostly frequented by the poker players and sportsbook players around the corner.  The key numbers are $4 for a big pile of awesome onion rings if you just need a little somethin somethin and $12 for a nice hefty Colorado beef burger if you're really hungry.  The other key numbers are it closes at 11 Su-W, 12 Th F, and 1 Sat.  So eat first then go do naughty things.  Oh I saw Mike Tyson here last night.  Big smile on his face.  The guy's huge now, at least 250, he must be lovin those beef burgers five at a time.
4	Perfect spot if you are hungry and do not feel like walking anymore in search of food.  Really enjoyed the BLT, very filling.  Felt like the place is frequented by actual employees of the Bellagio, so that is a good sign.Should of tried the fries, they looked good. Maybe next time.
4	My friend and I ended up at the Bellagio (we were staying at the Imperial Palace - helloooo, culture shock!) because he'd read that Olives had a decent vegetarian selection, which they most certainly did not.  Unwilling to throw down serious money but still wanting late lunch, we stumbled upon Snacks.I would like to note that this is not really a snack bar.  Grilled veggie sandwiches and caramel hazelnut brownies are not snacks, especially when the brownie is SIX DOLLARS.  The veggie sandwich, though, is darn good, and big.  A side of fries was pretty cheap, and the portion was generous.  The plates are plastic and if you need to take half your sandwich with you, they give you a lid that fits right over the plate.  I was extremely impressed.  We also got cookies to eat later.  The peanut butter one was decent, but the oatmeal raisin was great.  Shoulda bought one for the ride home...
4	Had the chicken pita with cheese fries and that was pretty good. The philly cheese steak is also a great pick since its big. The soups weren't too great though, but overall to have something quick is a good place to go.
4	Everything here is good. Nothing here is inexpensive. I frequent this place since I like the Bellagio sportsbook. My favorite here is the cheeseburger. It is over 10 bucks and I think it comes with chips and a pickle. One of the best burgers I have had and the value is not bad when come to think of it. They cook it to your liking. It does take awhile to come out. Service here is slow but I don't mind. Even the clam chowder takes awhile. From what i remember it is 4 bucks.I am pretty wasted from the free drinks( which are high quality) to even worry about the wait. Gambling booze and good food what more can I ask for when I am in Vegas
5	This place has the best chicken sandwich I have ever had! Every time I am in Vegas I go to this restaurant at least once to get my chicken sandwich fix. Service can be a little slow and seats can be limited but for the chicken sandwich it's worth the wait. Prices are also great for the strip and the Bellagio.
5	Cute lil eatery right at the entrance of the lobby at Bellagio. We went here because we needed a quick bite before the O Cirque show, which was conveniently located right around the corner. The food was delicious! I had the philly cheesesteak , which came with a side of chips and a juicy pickle! The cheesesteak was awesome! Tender, juicy and huge. I only finished half of it. It was about $10 total. Can't beat that at The Bellagio. It's quick, it's decently priced, has a great variety,  filling food, and tastes great!
4	My ex-g/f takes forever to get ready, I take moments to get drunk.  Combination of the two leaves us hungry before a 10:30 show of "O" at the Bellagio.  We ask the nice ticket counter worker where we should eat.  He suggested "snacks".  I admit, I was pretty drunk so I almost balked at his suggestion.  We arrived to find a long line.  The food must be good!  Then again, the line at the local soup kitchen isn't short..............The g/f had a Cuban Sandwich and I had Buffalo Fingers and Fries. Mine was delicious, hers was awesome.  Then again, I was very drunk so maybe my mind lied about how great her sandwich is.  Next time I roll through the Bellagio I'll have to be sober and give it a try......but I think it was good.Good prices (Inside the Bellagio mind you) and good food. [boston accent] FOUAH STAHS! [/boston accent].
5	BBQ Pulled Pork sliders with a side of slaw.  OMG - so good.  Not too tangy.  Perfect with not too creamy cole slaw.  Hubby had an amazing chicken wrap.  I should have ordered that. Snacks is a perfect little stop for a 'cheaper' meal in Vegas, or just a, well, snack.  Soups, chili, burgers, salads - lots of business goes to the folks stopping by for a little something before heading back to the Sports Book next door.Great little place.
5	The best Pita sandwich i have had so far and my friend's say its the best pizza and salmon sandwich they've had so far. Well,they were slightly tipsy(OK!it was vegas),but i bet they were 100% right.  This place is located right next to The Bank club,and we were starving, as soon as we stepped out,we stepped into this place.The pita sandwich was filled with melted mozzarella cheese,mushrooms, and bell peppers,and it was amazing!!the onion rings were huge but delicious again.All of us ate non-stop because we were starving and the food was addictive.And the result?? FOOD COMA!!and we had to get back into the club right after eating. We had developed food babies and it was kind of hilarious but painful.We managed to get in the club and dance a bit,but we did get out after an hour.:D It is impossible to dance when you are pregnant with food!!  This is what happens when you get to eat the best pita sandwich.Do not attempt this act,but do eat here. :)   And i have no clue why this place is called snacks when they give a dish which is equal to 2 meals.But it's worth it.So i take back my complaint.-Smriti
3	We hit up this place for a late lunch while waiting to head to the airport. I ordered the philly cheesesteak sandwich and bf got the steak soft tacos. Add some onion rings and 2 beers for a side.I thought the cheesesteak was ok. It was fairly large and everything tasted fresh. My boyfriend said the steak soft tacos were good. They came topped with pico and had a side of guacamole.The onion rings were the best part of the meal....mmmmm is all I have to say about them.About $40 all together. They have a decent size for a "snack" type place, so I will definitely have to go back to try something new next time.
3	I enjoyed my chicken philly pita.  It was not the best but not the worst.  Was one of the only places around where you could get a quick sandwich.
4	So, I've been here plenty of times, and it never ceases to please! The latest time being just yesterday! So here goes the review!So I used to live in Vegas, and this spot was one of my favorites, it's good, fast, and it's at the Bellagio! We were in Vegas over this last weekend, and as I'm trying to nurse my hangover yesterday morning, I see "SNACKS" whoohooo! I ordered the BLT with cole slaw, freakin delicious! Perfectly toasted sourdough bread with bacon lettuce and tomato. I love their BLT, I'd go back just for this alone! The place is small, and it's usually busy, you order at the counter and wait for your food. It's a pretty spot, not a lot of seating. It's next to the sports book section so you can grab your food to go and watch it in the sports book section. They've got mainly sandwiches with pretty sides, they also have chicken wings, which I haven't yet tried.In a hotel where most of the meals are 5 stars, this post is nice to just pop in and grab a quick bite. I love coming here!
2	Pulled Pork sliders were so bland I had to add tobasco sauce for flavor. The philly steak was also meh. Too bad we had such limited selections since we had to get a quick bite to eat before the show.
4	I really ENJOYED my veggie sandwich from here.  Its no frills and straight up.  You order at the counter, sit down, and then wait for your number to get called and then get your GRUB on.  it was hearty and delicous.  Accompanied with a dill pickle!!
2	They had the worst personal pizza ever. This place is a straight rip off, you're better just going to grand lux and have a decent, nice meal than this place while spending just $3-5 extra.
4	We love to watch games and gamble at the Bellagio Sportsbook, so we have enjoyed several meals over the years at Snacks.  The chicken wrap is my favorite thing---yumm!  Served with chips or coleslaw and a pickle.  It is sooooo good!  We have also enjoyed the clam chowder, cheesesteak, and onion rings (although, not as good last Sunday).  Give it a Pass-The breakfast sandwich- Boring.  The wait for the food can be a bit long.  Not sure why when there is not always a crowd!I love this place-  good food, affordable, and easy!
3	Chicken wings were crunchy, but a bit bland. Chili cheese fries were okay. Clam chowder was okay. Margarita and pepperoni pizza was also just okay. About $33. Not too bad, considering the generous portions and that we're in Vegas.
3	Tasty food...but holy moly expensive for the amount that you get. I know it's Vegas, and inside the Bellagio, but the Cafe Bellagio is way fancy schmancier and its the same price as this Snack place, if not cheaper. You don't even get a server or nice napkins for the price that you pay here, lol.  The food it good, it does the trick if you are hungry or have the munchies, just get ready to drop some coin here for some quick snacks before hitting the bars/clubs/slot machines or wherever else your night in Vegas will take you.
4	this place is good for a quick bite that will will satisfy your hunger. They have a portobello sandwich that is good and the cheese fries are also wonderful. The prices are reasonable for the Bellagio, I think almost everything is under 12 bucks.
5	This place is really delicious and is the perfect place for a quick lunch or a random snack.  The salmon sandwich is flavorful and cooked perfectly, the iced tea is brewed to perfection, and  the chips are crunchy, salty, and delicious.  I went here after I got to the hotel and was waiting for my room to be ready (we checked in early).  It didn't disappoint.
4	Hard to find, as it is tucked away on the north end of the casino, this is a great place for a quick meal on the go.  I especially like the Cuban sandwich, which contains the holy trinity of pork, ham and pickles.
2	With little or no time left before I had to head to see "O", I grabbed a quick bite at Snack Bar. I got a bit nervous at first because the line was so so so long, but it move very quickly. They must have it down to a science. You are in and out (ordering your food that is) within ten minutes. Pretty good for a non-fast-food eatery. The only down size of it being so packed, was that there was really no place to sit. Thankfully, I got my order just as a couple was leaving, so I was able to sit for five minutes to scarf down my food. Speaking of the food. It was decent. Not the worst, but defiantly not the best (especially in this town). I had a simple grilled chicken with salsa and guacamole. The chicken was a bit dry and spicy and the guacamole was average.
3	It's getting three stars because of the PRICES!A water doesn't need to be 6.50! This company needs to be embarrassed. Water comes from the earth, not from a huge company making processed beverages, so prices for alcoholic drinks need to be 6.50 not A WATER! Calm down on prices!! It's getting really pathetic.My hot dog was 9.00, and it comes with chips (and you get no choice of chips) and some chili sauce. Was the food good? Yeah but not worth these prices. A meal like this should have only cost 9.00 dollars, water included. This small meal was 16.00! They are taking advance of people and their money.
4	This place is great. For a snack bar this might be one of the best anywhere. Everything on the menu is good but the pressed Cuban sandwich is amazing. The chicken wings are also phenomenal. If you are at the poker room, sports book, or the bank nightclub, this is the best fast-food around.
5	We were supposed to eat at the Bellagio Buffet, but we weren't hungry enough to forfeit $30/person. Plus, we weren't compelled to stuff $30 worth of food down to our stomach, and didn't want the extra million calories of kobe beef, sushi and carb galore. Around the corner we bumped into this cute "snack bar." The menu is small so it was easy to pick. Anyways, we ordered the pulled bbq sandwich, club sandwich and an order of chef salad to split between us. three words - TOO MUCH food. Our bill came out to $30 (thank goodness we didn't eat at the buffet). We assumed the proportion would be small, hence 3 plates for 2 people. We were wrong, the pulled bbq sandwich is a plate of 3 huge stuffed pork sliders, the sandwich was about a foot long and the salad (looked like a side salad) had a lot of fixings and was overflowing The salad was topped with tomato dressing, which sounds weird and looks like pizza sauce, but it complimented the chef salad really well. First time trying tomato dressing and it was good. The cole slaw was good. The sandwich/burger came with a slice of pickle (yes!), and my potato chips looked like it was from the bottom of a large potato chip bag (small and crumble-y) which was okay b/c i wouldn't have been able to finish 'em. Anyways, check out this place, and it is Vegas so don't expect a $6.00 sandwich, minimum was $9.00 a plate. I cant complain about the price of drinks, b/c i ordered a cup of water (free). Their cookies looked tempting but we were way too full to even think about dessert. We got here before the crowd. So, it took about 5 minutes for our food to arrive, and didn't have to hunt down a table. Small eatery, so not a lot of seating.If you're going to complain about pricing in Vegas, go down the street and hit up McDonald's or In-n-Out. :)Happy eating!
4	this snack bar and earl of sandwich have become my go-to restaurants in vegas. casual, non-pretentious, and very tasty. the pressed sandwiches are excellent. i highly recommend trying the pastrami or cuban. you won't be disappointed!! 5 stars if the sandwiches came with fries.
5	When I first got to Vegas this was the first place I ate at. I wasnt in the mood for sit down and fancy dining. I was more on the grab and go type food. A little pricey but the food was great. I had a Philly Cheesesteak and a Chicken Gyro. Not bad at all.
3	Two words: Chicken wrap!!  Crispy pieces of chicken and oh so delicious! My bf ordered the club sandwich; I thought it was pretty good.  He didn't like it cause it had a cranberry sweet spread in the sandwich.  It kind of reminded me of a thanksgiving feast in a sandwich!What more can be said:  its mediocre food for a mediocre price. Oh and tip: skip out on the coleslaw, it's nasty.  Opt for the chips instead.  And no substituting French fries (even if you're willing to pay an extra price!!! -2 stars for that).
2	I made a mistake of ordering the chili cheese fries here. It was disgusting. Sadly the fries were good on its own. Stick with the sandwiches if you absolutely must eat here.
4	The fruit cup was DELISH!Well priced for a lot of fruit. This little place is the perfect idea. Not really hungry for a meal but you want something.Step right in and take a seat at the big bar. Soup, sandwiches, pizzas, fruit, or pastries. Affordable and friendly.
4	came through in a pinch with healthy fresh fruit. Nuff said
1	Some of the worst food I have had, EVER! For two we paid $30 for a measly sandwich and chips. My husband didn't like his pastrami sandwich. No flavor. I had the turkey sandwich with chips. The chips were great, the only good thing in that place. The turkey although fresh was dry, tasteless and not worth the price. I had to drown my food in mayo and mustard. The pickle on the side was a baby pickle. Wont go here again.
4	Great place to go for a quick bite! Although its a bit overpriced, its a no frills kind of place. I always get the fruit bowls to go!
3	Good food, slow service and kind of pricey!
3	This should be a 3.5 star review, but I don't think it's quite a 4 - hence the 3. I went here the day that my wife and I got married (4/23/12) while I was wasting some time waiting for her to get through at the salon. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and a coke. It was $14 - a little expensive for a sandwich and a fountain drink - but it IS the Bellagio, after all. The Cuban sandwich was pretty good; not the best I've ever had, but definitely not the worst either.
3	Almost ordered everything on the menu already. The price is OK for Bellagio. I think ordering food here is slow. So I always call ahead of time to order food & go and pick it up. At times they have messed up my order or not even put it in. Grr =T They daily specials are sometimes good but it's cheaper then the regular stuff by a dollar or so. They just mix the meat and sauce up hehee. Favor is the salmon stuff, like the salmon wrap or salmon burger etc.
4	It's a quick and easy way to get a bite to eat at the Bellagio. The food used to be much better.  It's not great and it''s not terrible. It seems that they have cut back on quality.  The price is good for the fact that it is inside the Bellagio.  The operating hours should be longer.  Some nights they close at 11PM, that's way too early for Las Vegas.
2	uhm i get that im in vegas and things cost more...but ROFL WOW. theres a reasonable point in paying for something. to be dramatic...its like paying 10$ for a piece of gum.
3	Food: 3/5Wait: 1/5Price: $$Presentation of food: 3/5Presentation of joint: 3/5Overall: 3/5I was craving tacos that night, so I ordered their steak tacos. Boy did they ruin it for me, it was spicy to the point where I did not enjoy eating it anymore. Thank goodness I also ordered their clam chowder soup so I wouldn't be starving, the soup was ok, i drenched it with my oyster crackers. Hubs and I had shared an order of fries (which we did not finish) that was enough to feed three people! He had their club sandwich that had cranberry sauce in it, wasn't really what he was looking for. Overall I would've enjoyed the tacos (came in three btw) much more if they wouldn't drench it with hot salsa. Or at least warn your customer that it's spicy.
2	Ok.  But from slow for a place that you order the counter.  Even with just a few people the service at the counter was slow.  And then another wait.  I couldn't help and notice that some people didn't like their food.   Frankly I expected more from the Bellagio.
5	This cute cafe is tucked away in the Bellagio Casino between Fix and the Sports Book and straight across is the Bellagio Esplanade.
2	Cute cafe, seemed like a good lunch idea until it took 20 minutes to get our food. Seems like everyone in the hotel uses this place for takeout, so plan to wait a while for your food.
3	Staff is kind of rude and ignorant. Eating here is definitely a last resort at the Bellagio but I just needed to grab a quick sandwich to go. I ordered a tuna sandwich and it actually was pretty good and I got it quickly so I did achieve my ultimate goal of healthy food to go in a hurry!
3	This wasn't my best eating experience while in Vegas. Not everything was listed on their men, so if you want a plain bagel, just ask and they can make it for you. I found it to be a little over priced for what it was, though, which was a little frustrating since they didn't have everything on their menu, meaning they didn't have all of their prices listed on the menu. The location is nice. It's towards the middle of the casino, which is in the middle of the strip. If you're passing by and need a quick bite to eat,this could be a good place. The line was long, but it did move quickly. I went on a Wednesday during a pretty crowded time, and seating was scarce. Though we did find a place to eat eventually. The workers were nice and it was a pretty snack bar-type place, so I would try it again if I was at the Bellagio and wanted a quick snack or breakfast to take with me somewhere, however I would not go out of my way to eat here again.
3	The best part of waking up is coffee in the cup. During my staycation at the Bellagio, this was the cafe that served coffee in my cup. With the name Bellagio on the paper cup the coffee ought to be good and it was. I could tell that the coffee is truly quality when I am enjoying it without a flavoref syrup. The coffee is $4 plus change. Refills are complimentary.   Bellagio Snacks is one of a few cafes inside the beautiful Bellagio. It is near the area where the Esplenade merges with the casino. It shares the same area with the sports book and The Bank. The cafe is relatively small. There is a long table with some individual tables. It is a self serve cafe where people order and pick up their food and beverages at the counter. I would like to mention that the employees are friendly.  Bellagio Snacks serves beverages from coffee to beer. They also serve the coffee shop food that includes soup, sandwiches,  bagels, and cookies. The food was far overpriced and did not look appealing. When I write that the food is overpriced, here are some examples. Soup is $6. Bagels that look like the Starbucks kind are $3.95 plus $1 for cream cheese. And a burger is $10.50. No wonder why a few minutes later, I was checking-in to Johnny Rockets.  The best part of waking up in the Bellagio is Bellagio Snacks serving me coffee in my cup. Based on high prices, they most likely won't be serving food on my plate.Yelp 100 Challenge Review 53 of 100.
2	We were looking for a place to grab a quick bite.  Bellagio is nice, and I thought they held everything to a high standard, but Snacks definitely disappointed.  I ended up paying $24 for a salad and some wings.  The salad was wilted, and the wings were premade so they had lost all of their crispiness already.  Definitely come here only if you have some MLife comp points to spare.  Hate to sound like a degenerate gambler but the only advantage is that its quick so you can get back to the tables ASAP.  Besides that, it is incredibly overpriced, and falls way short in quality.
5	To save money.. This is your best option at the Bellagio, try the salmon sandwich it I'd the best.. Don't add any drink.. You always want to come to this place with your drink..
4	Super solid short-order choice, just try not to go late-night when the line can get long.Very delicious lentil soup, Chicken gyro, and salad options.You think it might be the same food as the buffet / room service, but it's actually slightly better.Take a look at other people's food as you walk in, and you will be sure to see something appealing. IF you end up here late-night, it's a pretty fun people-watching spot. Just realize that it may be 30-40 minutes between walking-in and taking your first bite (as opposed to 5-10 minutes in the middle of the day.)Need hot sauce? Just ask for it - they've got different kinds in to-go packets under the counter.
3	Are you expecting reasonable prices inside the Bellagio? No? Good...Now that that is out of the way, the food here is decent. I have had the longhorn chili which was decent. It's a no-bean chili, good spice. Cornbread that comes with it is bland. Seriously? How do you mess up cornbread? I've also had the steak soft tacos. They are the typical 4" diameter tortilla with enough filling to belong on a 6" tortilla. So you inevitably look like a moron trying to eat them and having meat and avocado bits splattering all over.Pricing is ridiculous. But it frankly isn't Bellagiodiculous. So if you have had three meals at Circo and Noodles and Yellowtail, then Snacks is going to seem positively cheap. You will feel like you're ordering off the dollar menu.Just don't expect your grandma's cornbread...
4	There's something going to the beach and gambling have in common: they both get you famished!In need of some sustinance, STAT, we headed to the nearest food spot, which happened to be very close to the Bellagio craps tables - Bellagio Snacks. Leave it to the Bellagio to bring a snack shack type place up a notch. We decided to share a pizza and an order of the cheese fries. I don't know what it was about them, but those cheese fries were amazing. Truly! Yes I was starving (and likely hung over), but the salty, melty, hot cheese they used was special. The refillable soda option was also nice, since we could take our cups to-go as we milled around the casino floor. A solid choice for some quick, unhealthy eats. I'll be back for the cheese fries - that's for sure.
4	The BLT is amazing. (They only have a BELT on the menu, which includes egg. Just ask for a BLT instead.) Four stars for that alone.
5	Wanted to get out of Caesars for a bit. After walking a short distance in the awesome summer heat Vegas has to offer, we decided to go into the first place we saw to eat. So glad we did! Don't let the "snacks" part of the name degrade what they serve here. We got the Salmon sandwiches with a side order of fries. Totally fairly priced (for strip standards) and best salmon sandwich I've ever had... EVER. Fries were also perfect but cole slaw was a little peppery for my taste. If you're nearby, I would suggest stopping here; you won't regret it!
1	Takes for forever!!! Do not go here, 30 minutes for breakfest sandwich, just go to a buffet
3	Food was very good and met expectations, but the ordering and queuing system can be a little stressful and confusing when placing and picking up orders.  Stay away from the pretzels because they are horrible.
4	Above avg quick cafe. We usually stay at the Bellagio and end up eating here twice a trip. I haven't had anything that I absolutely love and never had anything that I hated. What you see is what you get. Nothing great, everything avg and above. Take a look at the menu before you go in.
3	I loved their cheese and ham breakfast sandwich - but the bacon one broke my heart.  They add a weird flavor to their bacon so instead of the usual heavenly smoky taste you get this unrecognizable rude awakening with every bite.  Dude, it's bacon: delicious enough as it is - leave it the hell alone! I also loved the fruit bowl - every single piece of fruit was ripe and tasty.  Coffee also exceptionally good - then again Bellagio coffee is generally great - so it's not exclusive to this one outlet.  Prices could be lower but when you see their to-go containers you'll understand where your money is going!  It's like they're packing a takeout meal for the White House.   Their burger was absolutely horrible: completely burned the first time and on the second attempt they forgot half the ingredients I'd requested.  The unburned version didn't taste that much better either!  Their fries are really delicious though. The place is too small for the traffic it seems to have, and AC is too high for my liking, but it is SUPER convenient and a great option if you want to grab a quick bite, whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Go in with low expectations and save yourself a bank breaking and belly aching trip to the buffet!  Okay, rant over.
4	This is a great place for family and kids, great variety in food and different drinks. Having the hours they stay open and being able to have breakfast lunch and dinner at anytime is a great thing!
3	Great for a quick bite to eat. Good pizzas and sandwiches. Prices are fair. Not much else to say.
4	We were running late for a show and wanted to get something quick so we popped in here.  We were able to get in and out very quickly - having had two top notch cheeseburgers in the midst of it.  Will definitely be back.
5	I felt compelled to do this review as I feel the current rate definitely doesn't do it justice. I have walked by here more times than I can count and finally I'm glad to have found a gem that is right near my favorite slot with some actually great food.I decided on the BLT which I took to go and ate in my room. The bacon was amazing and partnered with the rest of the sandwich just really made me feel elite when the last bite was consumed. The portion size was a lot more than I expected and the bacon was actually quite thick and not your rinky dinky slice of pig.I'm certainly curious to see what more they have to offer and definitely bestowed my faith again in Bellagio dining establishments!
4	Love Snacks!The selection of food is impressive. The quality is great. Yes, the price seems a little high, but it's in a convenient location in the casino and you don't have to go out to the strip to get it. Definitely worth it.My go-to is the all beef hot dog. They also have some street type tacos that are to die for.There's usually plenty of seating, and it's kept fairly clean.
5	If it's a holiday, be warned that the buffet prices go way up. I didn't want to spend $77 on two people FOR LUNCH so my bartender advised me to go to Snacks. Awesome burgers and make sure you get the onion rings. I think the Bellagio is a great hotel if you have the money. Snacks is a quality restaurant if you don't want to blow all of your money on food.
4	This is a surprisingly good snack bar near the poker room and sportsbook at Bellagio.  First of all, it is not cheap for your typical short order/burger/sandwich joint.  But, you're at Bellagio, which isn't known for it's specials.  Also, the food is good, so even though it's a casual setting, you'll get better than average food.I've had more than one soup du jour, and been pleased every time.  On my last visit, I had the Cuban sandwich.  It's a classic pressed Cuban with ham, roasted pork, cheese, mustard, and pickles.  It comes with a side of chips, or you can upgrade to French fries.  The best thing about this sandwich was the roasted pork.  It was tender, juicy, and delicious.  They ought to make a sandwich solely out of this pork.  The potato chips are kettle style, which is the best style.As other yelpers note, this place can get crowded at night.  So, be advised.  But, Bellagio doesn't have a ton of quick bite options, so Snacks is bound to be popular because it's the only place that fills this need.  The bonus is you get good food as well.
2	The food is pretty good, but the service is terrible and the food takes at least 20 minutes to come out..  When the restaurant is slow... I ordered some soup which sat at the window as a mislabeled to go order, until I came and asked if they forgot my order. There's three people eating here... Come on.
4	Great banana chocolate chip muffin period!!! Oh is NOT fresh squeeze but acceptable.this place is clean and service is good. Several tables and a central table for many...
