4	Complete estrogen-fest!  I found myself in a pool (not a puddle) of alcohol from all the surrounding ladies jumping out of their seats, hollerin', and knocking their drinks over.  All their excitment got me all worked up.  With enough alcohol,  I'd be all over the cute boys and falling over.  I highly recommend checking out Steve, Brian, and Matt.  Our bachorlette party had tons of fun.  The boys are definately a female crowd pleaser.
3	So I am slightly embarrassed to be writing a review of this show because of the sexual content, but hey what the hell, I did go. My friends wanted to see a male strip show and we ended up going with this one because "Thunder Down Under", which is a cheaper show, was on vacation. Chippendales was everything I had ever imagined naked men air-humping pillows could ever be. Women were screaming and jumping up and down. The naked dancers were dressed up to appeal to every kind of typical female fantasy you could imagine: fireman, construction workers, rappers, Casanovas, gold g-stings, and of course the barely-there tuxedo look Chippendales has made famous. I give this show 3 stars because it did exceed my expectations; the men where fairly good looking (though I don't really like men who look like they're on steroids) and their performances were athletic and entertaining. They put a lot of effort in what they do. Bonus: You get free entrance into Flirt Lounge and can meet the male dancers after the show.
5	So incredibly hotter than I expected.  Yes there was total cheese - they started off with some pirouettes and ballet dance things which were a little... um.. yeah not so hot.  But then there was lots of hotness. And then some more.  And then a little bit of cheesiness.  And then they got into the fantasy/cliche acts and had the dress up bits.  And of course they had the standards - businessman/mechanic/cowboy/biker/bad boy/rocker/officer/hiphop/20s gangster.... For straight women/gay men I suggest going - it will make you value men again, while objectifying them of course.For straight men I suggest encouraging this in all women you know because I am so much more interested in men now... both in a relationship and just in bed.
4	All I can say is HOT, HOT, HOT! Went while on a girls weekend in Vegas and we had a great time. They would get five stars if they didnt have the cheesy guy pretending to hump the motorcycle and if they didnt charge $15 a person for a pic (WTF). Overall it was awesome. This is good for ladies of all ages, they brought an older grandma aged person on stage and they were so good to her. Eventhough I bet most are gay they are hot and this show is so worth it.
4	JUST GO SEE IT! Not only are the hunky men (well, most of them) a sight to see, but the mini games with the audience are hilarious! If a granny is in the crowd, you are guaranteed some great laughs with what the guys put her through...haha! You may be shocked at how dirrty these lil ol' ladies are.Minus one star for:- The *only* nudity I saw was perhaps a nutsack that slipped out of a man-thong in the dark- The overly excited women who kept standing and blocking my view of the visual deliciousness.$15 per person photos with the Chippendale's group (ouch), but TOTALLY worth it!! But if you're a cheapskate, then you can take as many photos with them at the Flirt Lounge. Nothing beats the group photo though. =P
4	Love love the Chippendales!  The men were dripping hot and not in a Fabio-looking way which is the opposite of sexy to me.  Before the show, my friends and I discussed guessing each others favorite, well it turns out we all had the same favorite, Steve.  That man is just gorgeous.  Now when I hear 112's "Anywhere" I only fantasize about one thing -  hot men AIR GRINDING their motorcycles.The different scenarios, construction worker in neon orange g-strings, the various men in uniform, etc were all really fun!  The closest thing to complete nudity is their signature move of quickly spinning around whilst ripping off their snap-on detachable pantsI'm forced to deduct a star though because they never pick me for any on-stage shenanigans, why is it always the older women? I know it's more entertaining watching grandmas try to give lap dances but I wanna win a limited edition Chippendales calendar too!Things to Note:- At the end of the show, there were two groups of Chippendales available for pictures, located in the front and back.   If you don't see your 'favorite', head the opposite direction.- I also recommend stopping by the discount ticket places to see if they have any for that nights showing.   We got ours at discounted prices at Tickets2Nite which is located within the Showcase mall.
3	um... why am i here?!?!who's joke is this? why the hell am i watching men gyrate on my friends?omg... please, somebody--- help me! i thought we were going to the other club in this Casino! the drinks are pretty strong... nooOoo.i don't know how this is turning women on- i'm about to die from laughter!i want to leave! i want to leave! i'm soooo pissed at my friends right now. i think the gay dancers are more enjoyable to watch.ack! INEED TOESCAPE! eh... i'm too drunk to care anymore. go ahead, grind on my knee. ZzZzzzZzzzzzZz....
5	Now I know where panties go when they die, they're creamated at Chippendales.  Three reasons to see this show:1. The construction worker scene.  Hard men at work, lol.2. The doctor's office scene - uh oh, looks like the girls who got pulled onstage are going to need a full body examination3. The cowboy scene - time to save a horse, and ride a cowboy.  What really struck me was how the women in the audience got into the show.  For each scene they would pull 2 or 3 ladies on stage to be ah manhandled.  Those women got freaky too - wow.  There was A LOT of grabbing going on.  Hilarious.  I came in not wanting to like it.  But it was great entertainment - guys, take your lady, you'll get a good return on this one.  But come buzzed - at least two drinks.The only thing I regretted after leaving this show was listening to my high school guidance counselor.  To think, every night that Brad Pitt lookalike has 50 women grab his junk and whisper "meow?"  It was fun seeing it with Susan R, Jessie J and Erik S - you guys rock.
4	OK so I finally did it, i went to see the Chippendale's.  Did I like it? Yes. Was it a turn on? Um, Yes. Were the men hot? YES, YES, YES!One guy looked just like Brad Pitt, and another hottie looked just like L.L. Cool Jay.   I would have loved to be in between a manwich w/ those two.It's just the kind of show to go to w/ a group of horny, drunk women to see some hot ass, half naked men gyrate in front of you.  It will definitely satisfy your SEXpectations!  Oh, and I think I WILL save a horse and ride a cowboy...
5	These men were all HOT with gorgeous bodies.  I didn't expect to like it, but it blew me away.  It's a little embarrassing to admit how much fun it was - once you got past the cheese factor.With each new skit, it was like, so how long do we have to wait for the men to take off their clothes, and in what manner will they take them off?  Will they take it all off - facing away from the stage?  Will they throw their torn shirts into the audience?It is totally raunchy, the girls who get pulled up on stage better be ready to be be gyrated upon, groped inappropriately, and perhaps (for the lucky three) to see full frontal.Hot, hottie, hot.  Have fun girls.  Be careful for other women nearby throwing themselves at the men when they come out in the audience and spilling their drinks all over the floor.  Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy, and Hero both got my heart racing!!  Wowza.  And I was sober the whole time!
3	It was ok! It didn't really entice me like Thunder From Down Under. Maybe because we were a bit far from the stage too. I like to be up and close to the action! =)
3	Yes super cheesy but what made it fun was that my wild friend Traci got on stage.  She was dressed skanky in a short skirt and she swears she got to see and touch so kudos to them.  The one guy that was super cheesy was the long blonde haired guy, he reminded me of a horse.  I would say this is a good place for one time viewing in Vegas with a group of girlfriends, I wasn't sure why couples were there.  Are the men insecure or the women lame?  This is better than TFDU.
4	Ya see...I'm a classy chick. I don't go to raunchy strip clubs. I go to shows like Chippendales and TFDU. Hahaha. Yeah...I'm kidding. Classy or raunchy...it was a bachelorette party. We had to do cheesy things like this. TFDU...Chippendales...it's all pretty much the same. Like I said in my TFDU review...it's the beginning of me going to these type of shows...everyone's getting married. Eventually...everyone will get married, right? Blah. I don't remember how much TFDU admission was...but Chippendales admission was FREE for us. Originally...$50. I'm so glad we didn't have to pay to watch this. Not that it wasn't entertaining but these kind of shows are only fun for about 20-30 minutes. I think you numb to all the nakedness after awhile. Why do they keep these places so cold? I mean...the guys are hot but not hot enough I guess cuz I was freezing my @$$ off in this joint. And the shot of Patron definitely didn't warm me up either cuz it was watered down. I actually thought the only guy who kept his clothes on was the hottest. The host/singer guy. I would've given this place only 3 stars but an extra star just because of this guy.
4	You can't skip this show for a girls night out!  The show is cheesy but how can it not be with their bodies and faces?
5	i dunno.. i'm not really one to go and watch men strip.  i pretty much got talked into going.I HAD THE GREATEST TIME AND LOST MY VOICE THE NEXT DAY! so much screaming and LOTS of hot guys!!my favorites were FERNANDO MACIA (who's got a gorgeous brazillian accent that'll make you melt) and NATHAN MINOR. ohhhhhhh my god!!i've never had my panties sooo wet in my entire life!  NEXT TIME, I WILL GLADLY GO BACK AGAIN!
5	The greatest venue to watch the desperation of women come to life. I almost felt like a human-ologist. You get so into it, though, no one cares how pathetically desperate women really can be. Before going in, I didn't think any of the men in the picture were particularly my style. But when they start sliding out of their clothes and HUMPING the floor/chair/couch/hand/air, that feeling sort of disappears, and they become beautiful, breathing, hard, sex objects of desire. A couple very hot faces (Alex Castillo!) added to this desire, but in general, just the mass of men prancing around like animals was sooooooo incredible.there were some much older ladies in the front row who sat there in happy silence....that was amazing in itself.We are still talking about this show, like, constantly. pretty sad, but if you talk about something this much, it obviously is worth it!!
3	meh, i dont mean to be a party pooper - sadly they wherent as naked as i want them to be. (hahaha)id say go once, but find discounted tickets (half off ticket stands will be your salvation!) since it really isnt worth paying 60 bucks to see men dance with clothes on, particularly when they turn and finish it like a twirl. you wont see much (well, at 38 bucks that i paid, i cant expect anything much, right?)so yes, some of them dance as if they are gay. but let me tell you this, nothing beats watching the black guys with perfect bodies gyrate mascullinely sexy. they can shake their booty FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINE.yet another proof that white men cant dance like the black men do.in any case, go. but dont pay full price. hahahha
3	i was in dire need of more alcohol. the show is definitely enjoyable dont get me wrong- but the choreographed dances, and watching the boys dry hump the beds and motorcycles, the floor? is hard to bypass without a chuckle.  the guys were hot hot hot. but i had a strong sense that they werent really into women... lol. hey anything for a buck right?but go, if its yours bachelorette/bday party go for it! just dont end up being one of the 45+ year old women at the show going ape shit over the removal of a shirt. now THATS hard to watch!
5	For any female who has never been to Chippendales, I am telling you - run, don't walk, to the Rio hotel for the show. O...M....G. what a fun time. I didn't really have any expectations but this was just so fun! the three of us (all girls) just laughed and had the best time, the whole time. It is not full frontal nudity (sadly) but it was just cute - some of the performances were a little dated and some were VERY cheesy and hokey but the guys were all incredibly attractive and for the low low price of $15 each you can get your picture taken with the Chippendales using your own camera! So for 45 dollars, my sister, friend and I have three blurry and dark shots taken on a disposable camera. Women will do anything to get close to insanely attractive men, I guess. But it's not like they make you take the picture, it is completely voluntary. And then when it's over you get to go to the "Flirt Lounge" and buy expensive, bad drinks while the Chippendales take pictures with you (but in their street clothes, not their Chippendales ties). That was pretty phenomenal because women were truly trying to convince the Chippendales to go home with them. Being in the Chippendale is the LIFE (if you're a straight guy, that is). In short, Chippendales rocks, check it out!
2	I was sober when I went, which was a big mistake.  Huge.  Yeah the guys were for the most part hot.  But that didn't take away that they were mostly ... not into girls.  Hey, nothing wrong with that, some of my closest friends are gay males, but I just  couldn't understand how every woman in there was screaming their heads off for them - they aren't interested in you ladies, it's a show, they want $$$!So yeah, I don't know how much alcohol I could consume before thinking these guys were not gay, but I didn't even attempt that.  I would have died trying.Wow was the dancing and outfits cheesy, but that was expected. But i was expecting some nekkidness, and all I got was speedos, and not even Gstrings!  3 lucky ladies got to see the goods though when the guys brought them up, did lap dances, then faced them and pulled off their undies and then the lights went off a second later.  Bummer.  Oh, and then some guy comes out and does cirque de soleil stuff on a hoop flying through the air?  There's no need to try to class up the show, it's just comical, take it out of the program.Service - they upgraded us for free to a table instead of the booth we had in the back - score.  But our waiter wasn't the best.  He kept forgetting my drink, then he told me one price, then when I paid, he told me it was $2 more.  What?  That's $2 off your next tip buddy.Go if you enjoy this type of thing, but be forewarmed, being grossly intoxicated is a requirement for having fun.
5	Its not just a show...its a life changing experience.  You walk out feeling positively alive!  Well, that and its great getting together with a bunch of random screaming women and treating the dancers like meat.  Liberating?  Sure...uh ok, I'll use that as my story.  I did it for the feminist inside of me.I agree its a little cheesy with the themed outfits and songs that they lip-sync to, but its a small price to pay for some good old fashion non-PC entertainment.  I think the 1/3rd of a tux also brings some class and respect.  :P
5	I'm the furthest thing you could ever imagine from being a prude - but I'm also not even in the slightest bit into dudes shaking their asses in cheesy onstage dance skits.here's the skinny.  My daughter turned 21 and to Vegas we go.  She tells me "momma, I really want to see Chippendales while were here"   in my head I roll my eyes but to her face I tell her "lets do it!"I'm so glad we did - the seven of us head over to the Rio, purchase our tickets and enter the show.My daughter was sporting her beautiful sparkly crown that read 21 across it and it caught every beam of light that flashed onstage.They bring her onstage, do a dance skit thing for her  or should I say, to her.  She had the time of her life onstage feeling up the hard body of a probably very gay male.  I won't get into the details but they play it up really well.I have to laugh at the women in the audience who absolutely were losing their minds over these men - it was definitly entertaining but did not make me need to go spend alone time in the bathroom afterward.If you watched some of these mens faces as they paraded thru the audience you could tell they were merely going thru the motions of their job.  There were a couple of cool ones that caught up with my daughter after the show and even took pictures with them.  One asked my daughter if she was married.  All in all a five star review because you tight bodied men that clearly cannot dance, gave my daughter memories of a lifetime.
4	Yes, I am writing this... But when on a Bachelorette party, this is the place to go for some eye candy.  You don't see much, but they did bring the bride to be on stage and give her some extra love.  And, during one of their cheesy singing numbers when referencing that men all love boobs, about half of them pointed to me in the 2nd row.  :)  And, the hottest dancer ripped off his white undershirt and threw it to me in the audience.  I nearly fainted.  Plus, they come by the lounge after and sign autographs, take pictures, and chat.  The man who sent me his tshirt, stopped to chat with me. So sweet!  :)
5	"Take it off! Take it off!" that was my phrase for the night. It was a girls night out in Vegas and our first stop of the night brought us to Chippendales!! Tickets were purchased the day of for $55! There were two shows that night so we decided on the 10:30pm show.We arrived a bit early and hung out at the lounge...which by the way I give 5 stars alone, very cool decor and cheaper drinks. The ladies restroom was also very cool.We were first seated in the very back, but we asked the guy seating the ladies if we could move up if there were any empty tables. He said they usually do that once they are about to start and he'll move us first! SWEET. So we ended up in the second row...okay now lets get this show started. A shirtless cutey came by to take drink orders...he was a little slow, but then again, it was just him for all those girls. Beer came out to about $7 a pop. The show itself: Super duper cheesy...and I loved every single bit of it. The dancers are cute!!! One guy who looked like "Will" from "Will and Grace". Another guy looked like "Nick" from Backstreet Boys and then my favorite was "Freddie Prinze" look a like!! He came out playing an electric guitar at one point...I have this thing for musicians oh and the six pack helps too.The choregraphed dancing was a crack up to me...they really suck at it. So stiff...but yet they do those body rolls really well, and the bump and grinding...WOW. Some of the scenes were drawn out too slow ... I was just screaming, " 'Eff that...just take it off!!!" All in good fun of course. I've been to a couple male reviews and all of them were all about the bills and stuffing the bills in places near the groin area! and I'd have to say Chippendales is more of a classy male review...no dollar bills were exchanged for dances. And I had tons of dollar bills all ready ... but it wasn't that kind of place...I felt so ghetto. Oh well! After the show you can go on stage and take a picture with all of them at the high price of $20. But it was worth it!! You get them printed out right away and then you can meet up with the dancers in the lounge to take more pictures and get signatures and "free conversations" (I kid you not, thats what they posted)  with the chippendales! So we bought more drinks and hung out in the cool lounge until the chippendales came out!! Although they came out completely dressed, it was still fun to meet them up close and personal. I had a really fun time at this show. I would definitley recommend it for baclorette parties!!and so I leave you with a little teaser!! Hello abs!http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/PDHYAGQZWMidFH8zs-CkEw/l
5	It's a win when you see your best friend get a grown man's ass rubbed in her face. Then have her face shoved towards his crotch. I HAVE NEVER LAUGHED SO HARD IN MY LIFE. IT WAS TOO MUCH FUN!
5	It all started with my best friend and me being curious about what really goes on! I proudly tell you that it was an amazing experience. We both found hot guys to cheer for and as soon as we learned their names we had no problem yelling them out, followed by "take it off" and "woooooh".  This past December we returned to Chippendales with two of our friends. I bought the tickets a month before we planned on going because I happened to be in Vegas visiting family and I wanted to make sure we had great seats (front row) for our ladies night out. We wore jeans, what I call boob shirts (a fancy shirt that shows off your cleavage) and nice shoes.  Before we left our hotel room we each drank a beer and grabbed two beers for the road. One beer for the taxi and one while we were waiting for the show. After we handed over our tickets we received stamps on our hands that later after the show would allow us to get into Voodoo (the club at the Rio) for free. My friends finished their beers but I still had to finish mine. I was told to hand over my bottle so that it could be poured into a plastic cup. This didn't go so well and the gal handed me the bottle back and said, "This just isn't working out and I don't want to waste your beer so go ahead finish it up, but just don't take it into the showroom." Once I finished the beer in the Flirt Lounge, we went into the showroom to our front row table. I remember thinking, yes this is still amazing, after the first song the guys danced to while taking off their clothes.  The drinks inside the showroom are about $14 or you could buy a sipper cup which was $20 (which holds a little more than 2 drinks).  During the show the guys strip down to boxers and sometimes even less. However, before stripping they are dressed as a character that targets at least one fantasy from each ladies imagination. My personal favorite is when they are wearing the Navy uniforms, because I LOVE Navy SEALs. As if that couldn't get any better, it does! Soon after they come out in the uniforms, they slowly take it off to the song Hero by Enrique Iglesias.  All the Chippendales are HOT in their own way. The first time I went I cheered for Kevin. He had blond long hair, amazing arms and the "V". Unfortunately for me, this time Kevin was on tour in Europe.  Soon after the show started, I found myself cheering for Juan. He had black spiky hair an amazing body and a smile that made me want to smile back. After each show you can take a picture with your favorite Chippendale or all of the Chippendales and then receive a Polaroid for $20. Once the Chippendales are done taking photos they come into the Flirt Lounge to chat with the ladies and sign ANYTHING that's requested.  Yes, it's true! The first time I went, Kevin signed my boob. This time however, they signed a poster I received from the bartender in the Flirt Lounge. Once we were done in the Flirt Lounge we were off to Voodoo.
5	I love the Chippendales!!! I had a blast. I kinda lost my voice bc I was screaming soo much. The Chippendale guys were HOT......very good looking. Did I mention they were HOT :) The whole entire show was off the chain and very entertaining. There were a lil bit of nudity. A few girls were picked to go up on stage and they made them do some crazy sexual stuff. 1 girl got tooo crazy & took a nice grab of 1 of the Chippendale private area and there was an annocement made to not touch any of the guys crouch sooo she ruin it for everyone.I really enjoy the show!! I would love to watch the show again. The show price was around $55. Gr8 show to go to celebrate a bachelorrete party, birthday, or maybe w/ just bunch of ur girlfriends. Maybe not w/ your mom but 1 young lady actually went w/ her mom. And she got picked to go up on stage and they made her re-enact an orgasm. Surprisely her mom stood up and gave her daughter props lol.
3	I'm only giving it 3 stars not because it sucks but just because Chippendale's is not my thing.  My girls made me go here for my Bachelorette party last fall and I totally didn't want to go.  I'm just not into waxed, pretty boys.  It was entertaining.  The guys are good looking and have great bodies but it's just not my type.  My girls were going insane though.  Even my mom.  The guys do funny stuff and are great performers.  Great acts!  The best was when they brought the women on stage.  My friends wanted me to go up so bad but I was just not having it.  The women get crazy behind these closed doors.  And the wildest ones are the ones you'd think are the most conservative if you saw them out in public.  And watch out for those cougars!  Even though I don't like this sort of thing, I did have a blast with my friends and I definitely recommend any ladies looking for a good time to hit up Chippendale's.
3	I had VERY low expectations when I went... and was pleasantly surprised by how mildly entertaining the overall Chippendales experience was.A fun night with copious amounts of strong alcohol and lots of HOT gay [sorry to break it to you girls, but straight men just a.) don't move their hips that well and b.) keep their bodies so toned and well-oiled] men parading around in sexy tight outfits? FANTASTIC! We had seats in the front row, dead center.. which meant I was in the "target zone" and got 4 lap dances and a few kisses. I should've been excited.... but nope. I was honestly more thrilled by the expression on my best friend's face, her periodic blushing as she gushed about how hot they all were, and the fact that as soon as it was over, she said, "Do we have time to come back here before we head to San Francisco?"We didn't, sadly. But I know now where to take my girlfriends the next time we plan a trip to Las Vegas.
5	It was my very first Reckless Birthday in Vegas in 2008. I was with some of my Meetup members to celebrate a whole long weekend in this famous Sin City. But of course, what's a birthday without the Chippendales show!?! Sexy, handsome men doing a striptease show... I can't say no to that! Sigh... is it my birthday yet??? LOL
4	I've seen this show, twice and enjoyed it both times. The first time I was sober and the second time, I don't remember the last half of the show but we got photos with them! lol I like Chippendales way better than Thunder because, well, their stage is much bigger and they utilize the entire room. What I mean by that is, not only do they use the stage, but there's a part where they have a cirque type show, it was actually my favorite part! Yes, most of them are gay but who cares? I have no intention of 'going home' with any of them, they're just nice to look at and know how to move their bodies, isn't that the same thing as a strip club, 'cept that I'm not spending $300 that night to see them dance? Besides, if you have those intentions, talk to one of the security guards, they're real nice and can point out to you the straight ones lol.There's no actual nudity... Well, let's put it this way, they show everything but woody wood pecker, not even once. Just and FYI, locals get a better rate, so look out for that and the show doesn't really change. I saw it 2 years apart and it stayed pretty much the same.
4	Audience participation is key to a good show and the men on stage know it. Be prepared for a deafening evening of women shouting, screaming, and laughing out loud. I brought my mother who's in her 60s and it gave her a lot to reflect on her wild days and how much each generation of women have become more liberal with their expression.In the words of my mother, "it's good to know that women can come gawk somewhere."I would totally go back to this show and bring some friends. Friends with cocktails will make this show even better!I laughed out loud at all the stereotypes that women love and the skits covered. Men in uniform, men being romantic and sensitive, men bare chested and playing the guitar singing ballads. My favorite was the men with the mops. That's hot!The ripping off the shirts got old by the time the show ended but I guess there's only so much a dude can do. It's not like you have stockings and gloves and garter belts to seductively strip off. The choreography was notably clompy. It wasn't like watching the men of Alvin Ailey Dance troupe where they're graceful and masculine. This was masculine and well.... clompy. But maybe with the audience, this kind of clompy is best interpreted as super buff dudes flexing the muscles to the music.
4	We bought our tickets an hour before the show. They were second row, a perfect place for someone like me who intends to get drunk and scream her head off at the dancers. Now, please don't send me "compliments" to the effect of 'They're gay, so get real.' Anyone who expects a relationship with an erotic dancer after one show needs to get his/her head checked (or, if you're T-Pain, carry on). I have respect for anyone who does this kind of work and serious come-ons are more of a hassle for them than a compliment.But I've been referring to them as my boyfriends because I love them so much. They seem to enjoy what they do and they, a-hem, physically engage as much of the audience as they can. Although I wasn't a bride-to-be or birthday girl, I ended up on stage. I'll spare you all the kinky details, but it was the best part of my Vegas trip. My friends told me the audience members nearby were livid with jealousy. That was an added bonus. I took away a star because one of the dancers in the lounge was unnecessarily rude to one of my friends and wouldn't give her an autograph. (The aftershow lounge is promoted as an opportunity to meet and greet the performers.) He seemed to favor photo ops and might have even been straight enough to have a preference in women. Fair enough, but a little tact wouldn't have hurt. We certainly weren't sticking around for the $10 rail drinks.
4	I feel a little odd giving this show 5 stars since I was vehemently opposed on going from the beginning.  It was actually for my bachelorette party.  At first it wasn't anything too remarkable, the dancing wasn't that mind blowing, and the lip syncing was sometimes a bit off.  But ... 2-3 scenes in to it, it was pretty darn great!  Everyone I went with had a great time, and we are not your typical drooling at guys females.   All around a memorable experience! For the record, I had a great time even though I was sober.  I'd suggest drinking somewhere else beforehand, because the drinks aren't very strong, and the service is pretty shoddy.  Because of that, I had to lower it to a 4 star experience.
3	This was my second time seeing the Chippendales but the first time seeing them in Las Vegas. They had come to my town and performed at a local bar and it was W-I-L-D.  Initially I thought that muscular men in thongs wasn't my thing but they proved me wrong.  So when I went to see them in Vegas, I was expecting an epic experience.  I was disappointed in the Vegas show and I blame my high expectation for that.   The show was great and well performed but the men at times weren't enthusiastic.  None of them were talented dancers but they sure were nice to look at.  Compared to my experience with them on tour, I found the Vegas show to be less interactive, very mild, and there was much, much less nudity.   Regardless, I'm sure you'll have a great time but if they ever come to you town GO SEE THEM.The Flirt Lounge was a little awkward and the staff was actually rather unfriendly.  After the show you can get a free poster if you buy a drink and most of the Chippendales come out and socialize.  You can tell they're forced to do this as most just crowded around the entrance and leave after ten minutes The Chippendales show is very disability friendly.  The bathrooms are spacious and disability seating is available.  However, as with most disability seating, the view sucks.  We were out on the furthest wing and the show just isn't that great at such an angle.  My mother was also very disappointed.  She felt very ignored and thought that they were afraid of her wheelchair.  I had noticed that she received less attention despite having purchased VIP seats and being in the first row (my mother LOVED the Chippendales until the Vegas show).If you go to Vegas with a group of women it's almost mandatory to see the Chippendales or Thunder From Down Under.  You will be titillated and entertained but the show lacks talented dancing and interaction with the audience.
4	gorgeous lip-syncing meatheads with thongs and cheerleading routines.  YES, I AM A FAN.i was giggling my panties off the entire time. the chit chatter in my head repeatedly wondered, "WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON HERE?!" It was corny fabulous and all the women were smitten.  Role playing dress up never looked more fun. My fave acts were the ninja matrix trenchcoats with a whole lotta exposed left to your imagination, sleeveless hoodies, (as my gf screeched, "who WEARS sleeveless hoodies?!") the construction worker rave with glow-in-the-dark BODY paint, firemen with hoses & axes for props, and THE 112 ANYWHERE SONG - oh my lordy... we saw that bed move from stage left to stage right simply due to INTENSE thrusting...**sigh...from the handsome feller with the nipple rings and ponytail...**double sigh...DROOOOOL... HAHAHHA!I'd definitely come back for good 'ol entertainment.  If you want HANDS ON entertainment and wanna make it rain for nasty manhoes, head over to OG's. This isn't the place for that.  Thanks for a good time, Chippendales! How can you NOT be entertained by gyrating gents...? Hah!xoxo
5	cin s. i think we were there the same day because the chippendale with the ponytail and nipple rings, although not the best looking was the best performer, i had my eye on him the whole time.my favorite act happened to be the glow in the dark body paint and the 112-anywhere routine, that song brought me back to junior high so of course it was going to be my favorite.during the show my mind was racing: cheerleader like moves and body roles what the heck?, buffness oh wow he's handsome, this is ridiculous! then you're laughing your head off, then your screaming "take it off!", then your admiring their physique, then your asking yourself "is that guy gay"? then you're screaming again.come lubed up with alcohol or most of the night you'll be thinking "are you serious!?" these guys put in serious time in the gym, probably don't eat french fries and get their teeth whitened on a regular basis. so props for doing a great job. i love the double standard switch, women treating men like meat and guys having to perform and get a reaction from the women in the audience.only thing is they don't allow pictures during the show, then again the chippendale's would probably be blinded by the flashes.still they charge you $20 each to take a picture with the group after the show, straight hustlerrrrrssss. can't get too mad at that. plus they make the dude with the baby face collect the money. smarrrrrrrrrrt.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this event. My gay bff and I took my best gal pal to this show for her birthday in Vegas. Coming from a decidedly non-prudish individual the show definitely was very hot and sexual, though there was no full-frontal nudity so no need to worry about that. Some of the scenes, and the following responses from the shrieking audience def made me chuckle. My only critique, and I fully expected this going into the event, was that it was almost grossly heterosexist. Considering I went to a Saturday 8:00pm show on a holiday weekend the house wasn't even packed. This is 2010 so perhaps they could benefit from catering to both women and gay men versus just women, ONLY an idea. It was slightly awkward when they would continuously use the female pronoun encouraging the audience to stand up etc, etc. Otherwise the men were all attractive with varying degrees of charm and served up more talent than I expected. Pony tail guy with nipple rings def. worked it out the best during 112 "Anywhere" scene. Def think its a "must experience" of Vegas if only once.
4	I feel a bit weird reviewing this show, but I also feel that I have to do it - so here it goes. We came here to celebrate my friend's birthday and also to celebrate her last days as a single woman, and we had a blast. Its really fun watching hot guys with perfect bodies dance on a stage as they undress. The show is sexy without being vulgar, and it leaves JUST enough to the imagination, which I liked. These guys have perfect bodies and perform most of their acts dressed in various costumes such as firemen, vampires,cowboys, etc... sometimes they take a lot off and sometimes they don't...which keeps the show exciting. They also interact with the audience, and my friend and I were lucky enough to be hugged and kissed (on the cheek) by a few of the performers. My friend was also extra lucky and got to go on stage and have some extra fun with one of the dancers. Now I know its their job to interact with the audience and drop compliments- but it still makes you feel giddy when it happens to you. My friend and I both agree that it was really fun to objectify a bunch of hot guys and have fun screaming our heads off telling them to "take it off!" BTW the guy with the ponytail and nipple rings - WOW. What a great performer. If you ever watch this show and he is performing the bed routine, well you are in for a treat. **giggles**
4	Omg... this show was awesome, as well as HILARIOUS!  There were a lot of older ladies, and a few older males attending the show, which I thought was hilarious.  They pulled a grandma on stage, and she was soo tiny, compared to the men, it was hilarious!I have to say, the guy with the nipple rings is freaking sexy!  The way he moves --oh-so-seductively fierce.  Haha.  After our group took the picture with them (which cost $20/per person!!! Expensivo! =( but well worth it!) I guess he was standing greeting people.  I told him he had nice nipple rings, and he gave me a wink.  *Faints*.  Haha Kidding!
4	This was a very entertaining show, partly funny because of all the interesting moves provided by the gentleman. All the men had nice bodies (sorry ladies no frontal exposure, maybe a little), look wise some were better than others. However, I thought it was a little bit unfair as to how they would choose the girls to come on stage. Literally our bachelorette party was right in the front and never once did any guys come over to entertain the bride and we were loud.  It seems like they just choose brides that are cute or has something sexy on. So Ladies, wear a sexy dress. We were in our tank tops and shorts :-)I agree with the photo, a little bit pricey. Don't know if it's worth it.
5	it is the one of perfect show in vegas Highly recommend it
4	A friend got free tickets to this show, and we went into it thinking we would laugh painfully at the overall ridiculousness inherent in a show like this. We were 100% correct; what we didn't see coming was the off-the-charts amount of fun we had. The dancing is laughable, the scenarios are beyond dumb, but this show is still so FUN. People who take themselves  seriously will hate it (the girls who sat next to us were either blind, couldn't speak English, or got lost on the way to a science museum because while our stomachs ached from laughing, they were stone-faced throughout). Go with girlfriends and see who the sluttiest one is. She'll be the one clawing other girls' faces for a discarded wife beater.
5	This is an ideal place for a bachlorette party.Honestly, I wasn't sure if it would be super cheesy and thankfully it was a real vegas show with attractive men.The only turn off would be them stroking the axes etc... that really wasn't sexy. none of my group of 9 women thought it was remotely sexy. I was really happy it wasn't just the bow tie and tight pants show... This show was filled with men of all types and the men were quite attractive. all of them were really fit and extremely attractive.All in one way or another.This show was definitely worth it...
4	I came here with a group of friends and we all had a blast. We were standing up along with everyone else in the audience, and screaming with them as well. The dancers did a good job of incorporating members of the audience into their show, and it also makes it funnier as well. The dancers do a good job of entertaining the crowd, and plus most of them have chiseled bodies.There were some routines that were a bit strange to me. One being the routine when they dressed up as marines and there was a slow song in the background. Some of the show is a little bit repetitive, but it's still entertaining overall. Before watching the show I though that it would just be a bunch of men just dancing on stage. However, when I watched the show I realized that there was a host/singer, which totally added to the show. In addition, my friends as I chose not to sit in our assigned seats, and sat in the back bench area. From the benches we were still able to see everything, but you most likely won't get pulled up on stage (if that's what you're looking for)Also, when my friends and I took a particular liking to Juan DeAngelo. So if you go, make sure that Juan DeAngelo is there!
3	My friends insisted we come here during spring break. There were probably a total of 5 men in the crowd and they had all been strong-armed there by their significant others. The show was just as ridiculous and one would imagine it to be. It was definitely one I would go to again. They do have pretty strong tall drinks in containers shaped like the Chippendales men.
4	(I can't believe I'm writing this...) More funny than arousing. It's fun to watch them dance just to see it once. Almost all the girls called on stage were celebrating their birthday or their last days of singledom. And almost all were wearing a tiara or sash of some sort. Hahaha.I've seen the road show and the Vegas one is much better. More dudes, better dance numbers, and more crazy to watch. The crowd has more young fans, too. But even the Vegas show had its fair share of cougars. Ooh lawd.. The bartenders are awesome. They bring the drinks to you. And same as the road show, the cast gets off stage and might dance with you. Now for the kicker, you won't see anything unless you are one of the girls chosen to sit on the stage. (My friend mumbled grumpily afterward, "Tease...") So all you nymphos get your sash and tiara on!As for me? The guys were ok. The Latino motorcycle mohawk dude from Zumanity looked way better than anyone here. But the Vegas dudes looked better than the road show ones. Hahaha.
5	Talk about leaving a place hot and bothered ladies! *fans selfCame here for a bachlorette party and not really knowing what to expect but as we were escorted to our front row seats (mm hmm) and watched the clips of the sexy sexy men playing, the anticipation and butterflies in my tummy grew. Also gives you a little bit of time to figure out which guy you like and want to look out for during the show ;]The show itself actually consists of many skits, fantasy role plays and uniform changes, audience interaction and games and the guys coming down to dance around with the audience members (best believe I got me a little lap dance action)All the Chippendales are attractive so don't worry, I'm sure there's going to be one to you and all your girlfriends liking. You can take a picture with all them in their Chippendale uniform for $20 after the show.  Since ours was a bachlorette party we had a bag of goodies that came with a free picture with the guys. Did so much screaming and "woo-ing", I lost my voice, which I didn't realize till the day after because we went to XS after the show, and com'on, there's no whispering going on in there either.  Sexy men + Losing your voice = ALWAYS a good time!   Def. will be back to see them again.
4	I have to admit, this is a great place to go for some laughs and a ladies' night out. Being in my mid-20s, this was my first time actually going to this show. There was a ton of variety, masculine themed skits to where they would be dancing to the Navy, as Firefighters, bad-boys, etc. While I noticed their dancing *could* have been a lot more choreographed and a little more on-point, it was definitely a good time.Jeff Timmons from 98 Degrees was there as a special hosts. He sang some hits from the past and got down on stage too, which was pretty cool considering how I'm a 90s freak anyway, so that was definitely a special treat. Every girl is going to have that one Chippendales they absolutely love, and the guy with the long hair (I believe his name is Jace) was super hot! Overall, this place is obviously perfect for bachlorette parties, birthdays, or just some good Vegas mischievousness!
5	I might actually be more embarrassed writing this review than I was while the show was going on, which I didn't think was humanly possible. But here I go, giving hot mostly naked men stomping around on stage a 5 star review. Anyway - the whole point of the whirlwind Vegas trip was so my sister and I could go see Jeff Timmons (formerly of 98 degrees, our favorite boy band back when we were teenagers - seriously this review gets more and more embarrassing with every keystroke) perform with the Chippendales dancers. Turns out he was kind of emceeing, kind of performing, but definitely not stripping. Which ended up being no big loss because we had the time of our lives anyway. I kind of wavered between "this is super tacky" and "OMFG this is SO MUCH FUN." In the end I have more fond memories (helloooo Save a Horse Ride a Cowboy routine) than bad ones. Hot bodies: check. All major female sexual fantasy stereotypes (you know, firefighters, construction workers, cowboys): check. Lots of interaction with the crowd: check. Even I got a personal dance and I was seriously devoting myself to appearing invisible. After the show you can opt to pay $20 and have your picture taken with the cast. After that the guys all hang out at the Flirt Lounge which is connected to the theater and the they will chat, sign autographs and take more photos. Which I felt kind of weird about - but the sister insisted we stay and mingle and it ended up being my favorite part of the night.
2	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas... unless you are at Chippendales. Absolutely nothing exciting happened here. I came here with five other girls to have a good time -- even getting front row seats. First of all, it took forever to get a drink from the bartenders who were too busy doing who knows what because we were the only customers there. And then the show started. These guys were obviously bored or something during their performance. They had no obvious interest in even trying to impress the girls. They seemed robotic while doing their performance. Then 20 minutes into the show, the power for their props went off. AWKWARD!!!Curtains were closed and about 4 guys came on stage and chose bachelorettes from the audience and had this lame ass contest to see which girl could grope the guy in the sexiest manner. This lasted for about 15 minutes until we decided that front row seats to seeing this was not worth our 60 bucks and so we walked out. Of course we didnt get our money refunded even though the power outage lasted for about 20 more minutes (total of almost 40 minutes). If I had wanted to see some girl grope some guy that looked like he wasnt even into it, I'd just turn on the tv to VH1. If you want some fun loving guys who give good performances and got the "cheese that'll please", head over to Hollywood Men at the Highlands in Los Angeles. Not only is it cheaper but its worth every single cent.
3	Entertaining enough for a Vegas show, but nearly naked dancing men isn't really my thing.We bought our tickets at the half price ticket booth for an 8pm Sunday night show. The tickets were about $32 and we sat in row G - 7 rows back, but the theater is fairly small so you can still see all the dancers' faces, six packs, back dimples, etc. The night we went, Jeff Timmons from the boy band 98 degrees was featured in a show as an emmcee and singer. At some points during the show, i felt like i was at a teeny bopper concert.If naked dancing men isn't really your thing, i suggest you un-sober yourself before going.  The show is pretty entertaining and involves a fair amount of audience participation.  I think about 7 or so audience members were pulled onto the stage.Pictures with the cast after the show is $20 per person.  Look out for Jace. He's the one with the hair and is super hot. Hubba hubba. lol
4	This show rocks! Actually surpassed my expectations! I took my sister and we had a blast! My sister was one of three women called on stage to act out her favorite...sexual position. Was a riot! The guys are awesome and have a good attitude and are loads...of fun to say the least! No pun intended :)Chippendales is a show filled with sexy men providing a sensuous and fast-paced performance that will set you on fire and make you sweat. They even sign autographs and provide for plenty of free picture taking after the show and hang out in the adjacent lounge/bar afterwards.These guys know how to put on a show, dance, music, choreography, sexy hot smoking scenes, mmmmmm yummy. I was in the mood to be aroused and this did the trick with all of the bumping and grinding on stage going on. Close to sticking to my seat excited!Had a blast!Ladies...check it out! Don't forget your camera!
5	We had the best time here!!!  We didnt have a voice from yelling so much.  It was about 6 ladies and we just wanted to do something fun.  We were in the 6th row.  At first, I thought it was going to be cheesy with a bunch of men trying grind and dance.  But once they came out.  omg!!  They were hot.  Jeff Timmons from 98 degrees was there.  I am not a real big fan.  But he was kind of cute.  Some of them can actually dance.  They fulfilled every girl's fantacy with the different routines.  I enjoyed watching the 2 black guys dance because they were their best dancers.  I yelled throughout the whole thing.  They picked about 7 or 8 girls.  One girl got picked twice which is unfair.  One girl who got picked didnt open her eyes when she was on stage.  I suggest to any lady who get picked  to go on stage, enjoy the moment because there is probably bunch of girls who would love to go on stage and there is no evidence because cameras are not allowed.  My friend just loved Jorge.  lol  He was one of the guys from the military skit.  After the show, you can pay $20 to take a picture witht the guys.Cant wait to do this again with my ladies!!!  But next time, I will pay for dsicount tickets.
4	It was about 7pm and we had finally arrived at the Venetian. We valeted the car, and got in line to check in. It was a long line. I was looking forward to a shower and getting ready for the evening. I leaned over and asked one of my friends what time the show started, and she said 8pm. My eyes popped out of my head. No time to shower. I was in flip flops, no make up, and had been in a hot car all day! It was a friends birthday, so had to get a move on.We hustled up to the room, dropped our bags and we were off to the next line, the cab line. It was 7:30, we and get into the cab by 7:40 and arrive at the hotel at 7:50, in our seats at the show by 8pm. The music was bumping and the curtains went up.First things first, I ordered a round of drinks for the drinkers. Then we all made some noise. I picked out my boyfriend for the evening. That would be the Chippendale I thought was the most attractive on stage, and pointed him out to a friend sitting next to me.For a Vegas male adult male entertainment show it was good. If you go for just beef cakes and stimulation it is awesome. I always notice things that are not perfect in a show. It leads to my own disappointment. If I know less about what they were doing I would have enjoyed it more. For example, they had a performer playing guitar, he played guitar like a bass player and it was not plugged in, he was rocking an awesome air bass, on a guitar. Little things that disturb me. I was disappointed not in the show, but that I could not stop critiquing it.To my surprise my boyfriend came off stage and began to walk toward me and I thought for sure he was going to go right passed, I looked like hell. I would be so lucky. He reached his fantastic arm connected to his manly hand and grabbed a hold of my hand. We ran on stage. Where he preceded to rope me. I was lassoed, and there was a line of almost nude men at the end of the lasso. They spun me down the line, flip flops and all. I thought my flip flops were going to fly into the audience, what a show that would have been. At the end of the line I got to see all their fronts (packages), and much to my disappointment they had stockings on their you know whats! I understand covering them up, but can't we give them costumes too! That would have been the ultimate.When I got off stage all the ladies wanted to know about the packages. I told them about my disappointment. I think they thought I was a lunatic. So be it. I still think that the little men need costumes too!
4	Very Entertaining!!!! Not as cheesy as I thought it would be..and would totally recommend for a fun ladies nite out or a special occasion (bachelorette party). They do get the audience involved and the men love to throw the wife beaters that they rip off into the audience...Be Aware: The men love to slap you in the ass and call you gorgeous!!!
4	Definitely not what I expected. No flying dollar bills or R rated exposure. Although I'm typically the type of person who gets annoyed at screaming drunk girls, it was actually fun this time. They performed a lot of "fantasy" acts: cowboys, men at work, vampires, bedroom lovin', etc.I got pulled on stage by the host where he gave me a rose and sang to me. I don't usually get star struck, but two things get me 1) pretty eyes, 2) serenading (sigh). I think I stuck out because every girl there was all primped in their club attire and I was wearing denim shorts with a t-shirt, natural hair and mascara, lol. So dress down!Best way to sum it up: a raunchy, lip-synced concert.It wasn't arousing for me but I definitely laughed a lot.Despite being the only sober person there, it was a lot of fun, but I knocked off a star because I think $69 (haha) is too much. I wouldn't have gone if I had to pay.
5	The show was everything and more than the girls and I hoped for. Granted, I went in thinking it was a showed filled with lots of hip thrusting. But there was dancing!And hip thrusting! And music! And role playing! And more hip thrusting! And audience participation! It was cheesy at times, but I do enjoy cheesy. I would recommend you go if you have not seen it and don't forget to invite me!
5	You can't go to Vegas and not see this show. The energy is contagious and the guys are sweethearts. Beautiful theatre and fun staff!
4	HOT!!! Good show for those getting married, celebrating a bday or girl's night out and even for those who are just getting divorced... THE MEN HAVE SERIOUS MOVES and interact allot with the ladies ;-)
4	These guys are absolutely gorgeous! I will be going back there again. I paid 32.00 for the ticket plus a 25% off coupon to a few restaurants from tix4tonight (which is discount places off the strip, LEGIT!).It's definitely fun for women! And I got it at a good cost, so I will be going back there again. It was cool as well that after the boys were done with their show, if you hung out at the bar you got the meet some of them, get their autograph and take pictures with them.. (In their normal clothes, not half naked, because they actually go home right after). If you buy a drink from the bar, make sure you get your free poster of them! Cause my girls and I sure did!The only thing I hated was that I didn't expect it was a staged seating, I don't know why? I think I expected for it to be more table-seating (which they had in the back for VIP's). Also you don't interact with them as much as they portray.
5	Sooooooo not that I'm into the male review type of show... BUT one of the girls we were with is about to get married and so we thought it'd be fun to take her to see Chippendales... it was kinda a toss up between this and Thunder From Down Under but we voted on it and Chippendales won...Initially we were supposed to get the group rate but there was a bit of confusion among all of us and a lil bit of a miscommunication so the tickets were purchased directly at the hotel...We arrived late (our fault... long story, okay, well, short story, but one I'd rather not go into lol)... in any event, we made it like 5 minutes late! So if you're late they forfeit your seats (sad face) so we ended up getting the back row (there were 9 of us total)... bachelorette girl was on the end and I was more in the middle with my bestie... They sing (I should clarify that - lip sync) to a variety of songs and they dance... each song is a few minutes and there are different guys for each song... sometimes 3 a song, or 5, or 8, just depends on the song and the props. I liked the Enrique Iglesias song "Hero"... they wore white Navy uniforms and did a peformance which made me "ooh" and "aww" and get all mushy and gushy inside... ummm who doesn't LOVE  a man in uniform?! Especially a Chippendale!... with their 6 pack abs (some with 8 packs??)... broad chiseled shoulders... big sculpted biceps... pearly white teeth... sexy smile................................................................................................................. ohhhhhhhhhhh wait lemme snap outta that one LOL!... so the ladies in the crowd go crazy and they do bring people on stage as part of the acts... not that I was one of them... BUT... I did get my fair share of attention... BEWARE... they do TOUCH... where they want to!... I was fortunate enough to get touched by THREE different Chippendale dudes... as everyone else was standing and cheering in front of me... me and my bestie sat down and just enjoyed the music while we waited for everyone to simmer down... and I had a dancer come and move my hair away from my neck and I got a kiss on my neck... score!... second time a dancer came and massaged my back (few seconds but hey!... well worth it!)... and um... well... third time is  a little... a little NOT so G rated lol... or PG rated...  third guy comes (I'm still sitting) and he hugs me... around the neck.. as his hands move a lil lower... a lil lower... a lil lower... till I feel a tight hug a foot or so down my neck... well, you get the idea... NOT that I'm complaining because I am in Vegas and I am at a male review show lol... can you see me blushing through the computer as I think about it?! LOL... and bless her heart my friend next to me says "next song I'm not standing I'm gonna sit down like you"... ahahahaha! I'm pretty shy that's the only reason I sit down... and maybe it was the long hair that they liked?! That's what my other friend told me lol... in any event, just beware that THEY DO TOUCH! But they are some HOT, SEXY, BUILT men!!! Oooh weeee! :pIt was $69 per ticket and the show was an hour and a half. After the show you can take a picture with the cast which I wanted to do but no one else except one person wanted to so we skipped it (sad face)... and they have a souvenier shop with lots of goodies to bring back to friends... GREAT SHOW!
5	I will admit to the world that I've been here more than 3 times. I won't say exactly but more than 3. I went back when I was first 21 and loved it! The show was hot and so were the men. I went again and again because I'm always blabbing about the wonderful experience that everyone else want to go and I get dragged along. This time around I went for my gf's birthday and I have to say the show isn't as exciting as before. I mean there were some really steamy, hot, sexy screaming scenes but I thought it was a lot better before. I give them 5 starts because they really took care of the birthday girl. Not in any bad shady lets go to the parking lost type of stuff. The staff knew it was her birthday and had her go on stage. She probably had one of the better, more intimate, and not as raunchy scenes with the guy. Loved it and it was a definitely highlight of my vegas weekend!
5	Yes, it seems cheesy and overrated on the outside...but when you get on the inside and the show actually starts...the fun really begins.The first pro of this place is the crowd.  There are a bjillion girls watching a dozen half naked guys...of course theres going to be a lot of energy.Furthermore, the show is diversified enough that at least one scene will touch on your wildest fantasies!  The dancers in themselves are diversified as well..though there was no asian guy.  but that doenst matter because no one really likes asian guys...ha!  I joke...Gorgeous dancers that you can take pictures with after the show!  Also, throughout the show they interact with the audience by either coming down the stage into the audience or bringing members up the staage.  I was brought up for one of the acts and it was the highlight of my whole vegas trip...Go with girls.  Sit in the front row.  Fuel your fantasies for a good couple of years.
5	SMOKING HOT GUYS IN THE NUDE! It doesn't get any better than that lolololI came here with my boyfriend but he refused to come in the show with me so I was in the show by myself while he was waiting in the casino watching NFL football. It was Monday night. I had always been curious about the show and I finally got my treat! It was basically guys in great shape dancing and stripping. They do get naked but you can only see their back and butt lol. The show is quite simply I think yet very sensual and sexy, maybe dirty as well. It features many different scenarios like the army, western cowboys, etc. It's great for a girls night out. Wish I had my girlfriends in town with me but I was just by myself (I recently moved to Vegas).Anyways, highly recommended!
5	Went to my first ever show for my birthday in July because my friends and I wanted to see Jeff Timmons as the guest star.  Jeff was great as usual but the Chippendales hooked me completely! I didn't get picked to go on stage but since it was my birthday got lots of attention from the guys :)Needless to say went back in October and December to celebrate friend's birthdays.Have yet another trip planned for February ;-)The best part is how SWEET and HOT all the guys are! My friends and I always take a pic with the guys after the show for only $20 :) Plus we also get to talk with them, get autographs, and more pics when they come out to hang at the Flirt Lounge.I LOVE how the Chippendales business is run! Follow them on twitter and facebook cause they have cool prize giveaways :PBEST male revue show in Vegas! Don't waste your time going to the others!
5	How anyone could give this show less than 5 stars is beyond me. Me and my girls check the show out everytime we come to Vegas. Fantastic choreography, attractive men, and overall great time for girls night.
5	A couple of the ladies from the Sin City Partys crew checked out the show last night and this is what they had to say..."Fantastic, I would definatley go again.""It was so much fun and the guys totally interact with EVERY girl in the crowd!!""I'm taking my mom. This show is great for women of all ages."Sounds like a great show. My advice is leave the men at home and check it out for yourself.
5	So much fun! We took one of my girlfriends to kick off out her bachelorette party. We were hooked up by the charming doormen and were upgraded to a front row table, even though we paid for the cheap seats. Being front-and-center as the sexy men (seriously, someone for everyone's taste) made the experience even more fun! My girlfriends and i giggled and ogled throughout the show. It was super cheesy and awesome! The cocktails weren't terribly priced considering how potent they were and the waitress was sweet as can be.Worth every penny. This was such an "only in Vegas" treat and I highly recommend!
5	First off don't make the same mistake I did and not check in through Yelp!! I missed out on my free calendar because the store is only open around the time the show is going on.  We went into the Flirt Lounge after and got autographs and posters and I never really thought about checking in until later and by then the store was closed.  Anyhow the show was very good.  There is certainly something for everyone and every show is different with the things they do to the ladies they take on stage.  Certainly a place for a bachelorette or birthday party. Don't pay full price for the tickets I'm sure there are better deals that the $30 we got ours for, but for not staying at the Rio I think we did OK.  If your staying on the strip take the free shuttle over here and save the cab fare.  One leaves from Bally's every 30 minutes.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (27 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!If you are the maid of honor (MOH) and planning a bachelorette shindig in Las Vegas; you must put the Chippendales show as part of your itinerary for the evening.  The show is extremely entertaining.  We sat in the very first row so there were a few girls from our group that were pulled up on stage including the bride.  The fact that they have a lot of audience participation makes it all the more fun to watch.  The guys are good looking, sexy dancers and some of them are especially great eye candy.  They serve alcohol while your seated there but I suggest you purchase your drink before the show or at the very beginning because once the show starts, all the girls in the audience are standing up and screaming like no tomorrow.At the end of the night our group took a picture with the men and thought that was a pretty good way to end the show.  Some of us purchased the photo and some other goodies in the gift shop.  After the show, we headed to VooDoo just down the ways, so the show and club being in the same casino was definitely a plus.
3	I was in Las Vegas for my best friend's bachelorette party, and we knew that we wanted to go to a show during our time in town. We asked her what show she wanted to see, and an enthusiastic "Chippendales!" was the response we got. The afternoon before the show, we bought five tickets for $30 a pop at Tix 4 Tonight and giddily looked forward to the sexy male revue. Now, I don't think I need to say it, but the Chippendales boys are hot. It's true. They're Chippendales, after all. So why only three stars?To be blunt, the show at times seemed dated and overly cheesy. There were these song and dance routines that seemed to come straight from the eighties, and I found myself laughing during most of the show. To be honest, I'm not really the stripper type as I find the whole experience to be more awkward than erotic, although there were fleeting moments that were decidedly hot. (The nerd in me loved the vampire sequence, I'm not gonna lie) I got a big kick out of watching the other ladies in the audience go crazy for the guys, but as for the show itself, it was so overly-produced and contrived that it seemed to be almost like family-friendly stripping. (Yes, I realize that the words "family-friendly" and "stripping" are strange in the same sentence)A number of years ago, I saw American Storm and in comparison that show was a lot more erotic. I think a big part of it was that the venue they were performing in was much smaller, and with tables to sit at instead of theatre seating, so that made a big difference. All in all, it was a fun show to see, but I've been more entertained watching that old Patrick Swayze and Chris Farley SNL skit.
5	My man is former Mr. Norway/Fitness model, so I have a gorgeous beef cake at home and didn't think too much of my sisters invitation to see the Chippendales to celebrate her friend's birthday. I was thoroughly surprised at how much fun i had. It's not just a strip show, it's an awesome action packed production full of music, dancing, and theatrics. There is something for everyone, wether you like hot chocolate, latin lovers, or men in uniform. After  the show at the Flirt Lounge, the guys are really friendly and know how to make everyone feel special. I definitely recommend seeing the Chippendales the next time it's ladies night for you and your friends.
2	You really need to be drunk to like this show. Yes, the men are muscly and attractive, but the acts are formulaic and the men can't dance at all! I could see them counting the steps in their heads as they clopped across the stage. Even more disappointing, they didn't go full monty for even a second - not even for the finale. I expected at least a moment with dim lights. Nope. And what's with all the white bread? They had exactly one token black guy (the only guy on stage with rhythm.) I started looking at my watch halfway through the show.
2	A bit whack.... Dancers were very stiff ( no pun intended) nice bodies but that's about it.... I've been to Hollywood men in l.a and that was cool...sexy men and actually looked like they were into women.... These not so much!And you could do some heavy petting... Not here unless you stood in a long ass line and why would you want to... They were not that attractive.  I would not go back.
5	My BFF and I went to see our 1st Chippendale show on May 20, 2011.  We had been in town for our annual girls get away.  It was our last night in town and the only night we didn't have anything planned. We spent the day at the spa and we were trying to decide what to do that night.  We found the Chippendales show had Jeff Timmons guest hosting. I never thought I would be interested in seeing a show like this but with Jeff there and I had a buy one get one free ticket w/my players card I figured what the hell. My BFF and I went to the show a little skeptical but left die hard fans! To our surprise the show was amazing! It definitely gets your blood flowing and your heart racing.  There's a man to fit all tastes.  I definitely found one I like (JD)!  ;). So far I've only been able to see one show, but it will definitely not be my last.  My favorite part of this experience was getting to talk to the guys after the show. They are so sweet, and kind, and really know how to make a girl feel good! I can't wait to spend time with them again!  Love these guys!!!  Now that I know how amazing this show is I would go regardless of a guest host (Jaymes Vaughan is awesome) and coupon or not I'm there!
5	I was skeptical about paying $50 for a cheesy show from these guys.................but DAMN I WAS WRONG!The choreographed dances may be cheesy, but these men sure knows how to entertain a mixed crowd of women. The audience ranged from mid 20's til  mid 70's. Everyone in the crowd enjoyed themselves, even a couple gay guys in the crowd. Me and my girlfriends' favorite part was when the guys came down and interacted with us. A little grinding and thrusting and some ass grabbing and smacking made our night :)  Oh, and $20 pp for a photo with the guys. Totally worth it! One of the guys was whispering sweet nothings into my friend's ear while waiting for the camera to take a picture. A must for any birthdays or bacherlorette party!
1	I never actually got to see the show but customer service here sucks I spoke with the guy about purchasing 1st and 2nd row seats for 11 girls for a total of $643 and after he received my money he said the seats were going to be 7th and 8th and said he never guaranteed those seats that they were sold. OK they sold but before I spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars SAY SOMETHING instead of just taking my money and then saying something...I'm furious this was a bachelorette party and he screwed up the main event of the night!!!
4	Came here for Yelp Spring Break... dressed in Zombie gear (right after the Zombie Yelp Neon event).We got a great deal through yelp - Free photo and entry for $44. The Photo itself is $20. So we got that included in our admission. We also got a free calendar with the check in. (I have three 2012 Chippendale calendars but I plan on giving them away - the fiance doesn't fancy the half naked men). This seating format is very different from Thunder from Down Under. This was like regular seats - no tables. Lots of bachelorettes and birthdays going on. They like that. They usually take the bachelorettes on stage :DAgain... cheesy boyband dancing and singing... but what makes this different than the other shows (Thunder Down Under, Hollywood Men) is that one guy actually sings (and well) and another plays the bass guitar/electric guitar (whoa). So that was kinda cool. It was like a performance than a clothing optional performance. There are men who take it off with each dance move... and they take it off... no penis. no balls. They just show their bare butts. They face away from the audience and rip off their thongs or shorts and show their butts... no penises. Only the few girls who get chosen to go up on stage get to see what's on the other side of the stage - penis... or in my mind... a sock over a penis. They do dance off stage and into the crowd. I got a kiss on my nonzombie side of the cheek. Nice. I was with my friends and one of my friends was gay - the host actually called him out not knowing he was gay "The only guy here - he's totally going to get laid by his girlfriend tonight"... whaaaaa... hahahaha please. My friend is enjoying this more than us girls. :D The host finally realized my friend was gay when we took the group photo with the guys.As part of Yelp Spring Break, I gave each of the dancers a Yelp Pin. They looked good. The host even gave Yelp Elites a Shoutout during the show. Awesome. Represent!The host was hilarious and very good looking. He was a dancer as well. The server was also pretty buff. It was like whoa. Buff black guy serving us! :DThe only problem I had with the show... a lot of the guys were not coordinated. I'm sorry. I love dancing. I watch dance competitions and shows ALL the time. I need coordination. Some of these guys didn't remember some of the moves. I know they're half naked and all... but it bothered me hahaha... but they all looked good. They just need to work on the dance moves.NOTES:* No cameras or taking photos of ANY kind. If they catch you... you're out.* $20 to take a photo with them* They sell the outfit (bow tie and cuffs) at the store for $24* Need to work on their coordination* One guy sings really well* If you want to be picked, you need to to go nuts and look hot - and be a bachelorette* They give a shirt away at the end but a older lady just walked up to the stage and grabbed it hahahahaAll ladies go nuts. I was like whoa. It's just half naked guys. Ladies were pushing us to get in line. I was laughing so hard. Really? :PFun show. Take your bachelorette girlfriend here and try to get her on stage - she may be able to see some penis. One bachelorette got to put undies and PJs on one of the dancers. He was full monty in front of her (butt to us). So... good luck ladies. ;)
4	Fun/Cost: (3.5/5) All six of us in the bachelorette party paid the full price of about $60 for the 10:30pm Friday night show. For the first 30 minutes or so I sat there, while the entire room filled with 99% girls screamed their heads off, thinking "Really? I paid $60 for this cheesy thing?" However, I'm not sure what it was... perhaps the HOT electric guitarist's appearance in one of the segments, perhaps the excitement  in the room was contagious, or perhaps it was my friend getting pulled on stage during the vampire skit to act as one of the helpless girls... by the end of the show, my throat was hoarse from all the cheering and I had had an amazingly fun time. Most of the show is  pretty tame -- just good looking guys dancing and taking off their clothes gradually while doing so -- and the most you see is their bare butts. However, I do recall this one particular skit where the overall theme was the color white and featured 3 guys, one on a bed, one on a sofa, and one on a motorcycle. THAT skit was raunchy.  All in all, I think this show can be pretty fun for a bachelorette party or some other sort of celebratory occasion, especially if you want some male action, but not as much as you would get at a strip club. It may be worthwhile to search around or wait for discounted tickets; that would have pushed my rating up to a 4/5 instead of 3.5/5. Ambiance: (3/5) The Rio isn't as classy as some of the other newer casinos, but it's not too bad. The Chippendales theater itself is dark and a bit dingy, but as this is a male revue show, it was somewhat fitting. The audience are set up as a small theater, with regular chairs lined up in 3 sections of rows. The guys will dance up and down the aisles, though, so the girls in back and sides aren't neglected. Once the show starts, the entire theater becomes one frenzied, screaming mob of girls and everyone is in there to have a good time. Location: (2/5) The location is a tad inconvenient as Chippendales is in the Rio, off the Strip. If you want to save on cab fare, they've got a free shuttle from the back of Harrah's to Rio, but it still takes some time to wait for the shuttle, etc. Service: (3/5) My friend who called to book the tickets said that they customer service was friendly. We picked up our tickets and entered with no problems. The male staff members will explicitly tell you no pictures of any kind or you will be immediately asked to leave. You can take pictures with the Chippendales crew after the show for $20/each -- a bit steep so we opted to just take pictures outside of the theater with the huge Chippendales wall poster :DOverall: (3.5/5) I'd recommend doing the Chippendales thing once just for fun and to see what it's all about. As long as you have a group of relatively open-minded and fun-loving girl pals, you'll have a great time.
5	I went a few years back and had a blast. The show was crazy good and HOT. The music is great and the crowd, all ages, is so into it. It's great to get lost into their fantasy world. I would definitely go again. What happens in Vegas....  :)
2	My girls and I were running late to this place.  We got balcony seats.  Never get balcony or else you will not get pulled onto the stage to participate.  We missed probably 1/3 of the show because of the traffic. About the show:My girls and I were pretty disappointed.  We had higher expectations for this show.  Most of the performances were boring.  The guys weren't that cute, sad to say.  And I thought one guy (the host) was Joey Lawrence from Blossom, but I couldn't really tell and none of the girls knew of him, WTH?  I had to ask him at the end when they took pictures with the crew, and he said yes!  So he is a temporary host.The alcohol is expensive, so pregame at home!  I think about 3 of the whiskey or henny shots came out to $40.  Somewhere along those lines.  The ladies that the men pull up onto the stage sucked at entertaining...seriously!  When they tell you to do something, put 100% into it and don't be shy.  Of all the bachelorette's I've seen, many of them seem boring.  WHy??!!! I guess I am the life of the party as they say...hahaPerformers:There was too much clothes on the men and when they had some parts where they had to wear briefs, the briefs were lose.  If you want to see more action, rent a stripper or go to a stripclub, that's all I have to say.Pictures at the end:You get about 2 shots to get a good picture of the group and they give you a sample picture to take home.  If you want to redo the picture because 1 or some of the girls heads' were covered, get it done before the men clear the stage.  That's what happened with my group.  I asked a staff about it and he they could photoshop it in.  But the lady who printed the pictures said no.  There was some miscommuncation I'm sure.  The photographer needs to pay attention to the ladies and how people are positioned because that will get us to buy the pics.   We would've bought it if one of the girls head wasn't covered...
4	This show is uber cheesy. and fabulous for a group of girls! We enjoyed it and leaves you with a lot of conversation topic for the plane ride back. There is a lot of audience participation, our tickets were about $55 each.
3	I have been to this show once before when they had tables instead of rows of seats. Of course the tables were better but whatever.. the show was OK but it was SO hot in there (Temperature wise lol) I don't think I will go back a 3rd time lol... there was a group of girls in the back who would get pissed at us for standing up and dancing. at one point they threw a cup with ice in it at us (Stupid bitches lol) that's like going to a concert and getting pissed that people are in front of you standing up! Get off your asses! Also the guards are complete dicks! Towards the end of the show I went to the restroom with my GF and she went and sat in the bar area so I went back to tell the other girls where we were at. When I tried to leave to go back to the bar I guess I went the wrong way because the guard grabbed my arm and had this smirk on his face and told me which direction to go. I get that I couldn't go that way but do not grab someone like that. I actually have a bruise on my arm from where he grabbed me. The guys are good looking yes but for the price and the way the seats are and the shitty ass guards I wouldn't recommend it! Maybe Thunder from Down Under is better
4	Shhhhhh!  Don't tell my friends but one of the hottest guys in the show was gay.  I didn't realize this until he realized I was gay and offered me his lap to sit on for the picture.  There's nothing really telling about the moment.  It was just a feeling.As I sat on his muscular legs, I was like "umm...this Jaymes Vaughan fellow is such a sweetie pie."  Then it hit me, he's most likely a southern gay.He was a great emcee, full of charisma, warmth, and humor.  Not that a straight guy can't be those things.  But...yeah.And he was hot, way hotter than his pictures--which captures his body beautifully but not his face.  That's a good thing.  Why wouldn't you want the performers to be better looking live for a live show.Pleasant surprise.And at the end of the show, he gave me a shout-out for being the only guy in the audience and said I would totally get laid that night by one of my three female companions.  Awkward heteronormative moment but not in the annoying way.  My friends got a chuckle because they knew better.I thought this show was going to be so cheesy and homophobic but it's quite gay-friendly.  Audience friendly in general.Nothing trashy.  Very suggestive.  And lots of great naked butts.Really great.  Expect women to go crazy.Really crazy.If Chippendales is something you're thinking of going to see, you really just should!  Put this expected Vegas experience on your list and cross it off.  I didn't necessarily find all the performers hot, but it was enjoyable nonetheless.Doesn't matter if the dancers are straight or gay, it's fantasy.  I've always been a fan of thinking.Thanks Kristin for hooking us Yelpers up with a deal for the Yelp Spring Break.
3	I've seen all the male revues in Vegas, and this one is just OK. As with any franchise, you'll get what you expect -- just like you can go to a McDonald's in Ulan Bator and get the same Big Mac you'd get in Fargo...you'll get the same shitck at any Chippendales show around the world: hardbodies in cop/fireman/military outfits doing cheesy choreography to corny songs.The guys were hot, but in a pretty bland way. At times it felt like they were phoning it in -- which I totally understand, if you're doing the exact same shtick 7 nights a week, but come on -- the Thunder From Down Under guys actually look like they're having fun!The theater is pretty big, with balcony seating that should be avoided at all costs, since it will deprive you of audience interaction...which is one of the highlights of these kinds of shows. The stage is impressive, with very professional lighting and music and special effects. They have live singers and one guy who plays guitar, which is kinda cool, I guess. But overall, this show left me going "Meh....."The main plus is that the showroom is very conveniently located right next to the parking garage, so you don't have to go through the casino to get there. But that's a pretty sorry plus.My personal recommendation is Thunder From Down Under -- MUCH more entertaining!
5	These guys are awesome at what they do and definitely know how to show ladies a good time....I wasn't sure what to expect, but all in all it was a great show, definitely worth the money and no matter what your fantasy is there is something for everybody! My favorites were the Save a Horse Ride a Cowboy routine, and whatever routine it was when my man was showing me what he could do on a bed  lol (ridiculously sexy!!!). Loved when the guys came down off stage and interacted with us too :D I'd recommend catching the later show and going to the lounge after! A must-see show in Vegas.
5	Chippendales is the best show in Vegas for the ladies by far!  I went here with fellow yelper Lily A. and friends for my 30th birthday back in 2009 (please refer to Lily A.'s review for more details) and for a second time in July 2012 for my cousin's 18th birthday.  They do allow ages 18 and up, but for those who are under 21, they must stay outside of the lounge which serves drinks.  The show is more of an experience, they wow you with the lights, music, and most of all...the bare chested men!  I have been to Thunder from Down Under and Chippendales is the original and the best!  I like the seating arrangement because we all pretty much have a good view, aren't restricted and have areas where the Chippendales dancers can come up to us and shake and smolder all they want:)    Everyone was screaming/panting for more and it was if every little move that those hunky dancers would do, sent us ladies into a trance;)  If you can get there early enough, you can enjoy some drinks before.  Also, after the show there is a lounge for 21 and up, to meet some of the dancers so you can pose and take photos with them as well as have them sign your poster or calendar.  Speaking of calendar, I got a free one just for checking in on the yelp app on my phone.  So if you want a MAGIC MIKE like experience then get over to the Chippendales show at the Rio in Las Vegas, well worth the ticket my friend!
4	Would I have gone if I was by myself in Vegas, No...... But with a batchlorette party, is was a blast !The audience was 90 % women and 10 % men and everyone was cheering and clapping by the end. This was helped along by the very very strong drinks served in the Chippendale Theater. Our bride was taken on stage and her antic's with the guys was worth the price of admission. Be sure to hang around after the show for photos with the boys. They do not let outside drinks into the theater, so (unlike us) do not buy a drink in the casino and have to chug it at the theater entranceAnd final warning.... do not sit in the front or second row unless you want to be part of the show !Go, have fun ... It's Vegas !
5	I had a blast at this show. I went by myself (hey, single ladies can have fun too!) and wasn't sure what to expect. Boy oh boy was I shocked out of my panties, hehe. Loved the energy and enthusiasm all the gents showed. Each segment was great. I'm happy there was  a vampire-themed segment since I have a fetish for vamps, haha.  The guys definitely interacted with the crowd. I was able to catch John's ripped wife beater he threw into the crowd. I even got a a hug from him, Nathan and Juan (No, I did not want to let go!). Jaymes did a great job at keeping the audience engaged, not that the other guys didn't, but he definitely keeps the momentum going. The guys are light-hearted too. There were some slip-ups, but they just rolled with it, laughed and went on to the next part. Make sure you check in here because I got a free calendar at the Boutique.  Photos with the guys at the end are $20, but it's totally worth it. I was tongue-tied when I was surrounded by them and wish I said something more eloquent, but I ended up sounding like a squeaky  teenage schoolgirl, lol. Oh yeah, make sure to catch Jaymes as the host of Show In the Sky. So what if he's gay! He's a great guy! Until next time...
5	If you want your fantasies fulfilled, then go see the Chippendales, ladies! ;)I originally want to go see I heart Radio festival, but the damn thing got sold out super duper fast. So I decided to go with Chippendales which I think was an awesome alternative! The guys do lots of variety of looks which would be fulfilling every girl's dream of their ideal guy. I definitely had a blast & probably kinda lost my voice from screaming & laughing alot. But so worth it! The only thing I noticed that I would change up the next time I see this show- would be to wear like bday or bachelorette tiara. The guys tend to give special attention to the girls wearing those type of things. I told my mom I wanted to wear one since it was my birthday, but she was like "No.. you're too old for that silly stuff." So yeah, the next time, I'll get those little fruffy tacky tiaras & sashes/boas. LOL.
3	Where are the Asians?! The men were hit but I felt miss represented. I wanted to see a sexy Asian Man. Chippendales, can you please hire/find an Asian dancer? I and I am sure other women would greatly appreciate it! So I will save my 5 star review for the day that I see an Asian man grace that stage. Thanks!
5	A must see show for ladies when you're in Vegas! My mom & I were fortunate enough to be sold 2nd row seats from a group of lovely ladies for $50/each. If you're a local prices are cheaper. The show is so much fun! And they serve drinks on the floor. I had the time of my life losing my voice. :) I couldn't stay until the end for the flirty lounge/pictures (meet & greet) but I am definitely coming back! Classy, fun show! Not raunchy at all. They have a construction scene, an Adam Levine act, a bachelor game show scene where they'll call 3 lucky ladies up, etc. I don't want to spoil any surprises but just know you're in for a treat if you attend this show! The more girls you're with, the merrier.
5	I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this before!What can I say? I love this show! Its fun, the guys are hot, and everything is always top notch! If you and your girls wanna have a great time, you need to see this show, you will not be disappointed! :)
4	So - let me just preface this by saying... Husbands.  Send yours wives here -- you will be happy when they get home!  ;)  This place was a BLAST!The men were gorgeous, the drinks were NOT awfully priced.  (I had a Double Vodka for $13 in a Souvineer Cup!)  They don't allow phones or cameras inside, but it doesn't really matter because you'll be so fixated on the gorgeous men that you won't even be THINKING about the outside world.  The only downfall was some of men seemed less than energetic at some point.  Could be that a handful of them are not actually good dancers... But coming from a theatre background, I always knew you had to give it 110% energy, and I felt that from some of them, this was lacking.  Especially during the opening number. :-\  But really, I can't complain.  Tickets were pretty cheap -- we had GREAT seats on the first floor.  And it was pretty much an hour and a half of pure gorgeousness.  Definitely reccomend -- it's a Vegas STAPLE!
4	For my bachelorette party I booked a package that included dinner, this show and club entry. Thinking ok just once I should enjoy male strippers, I thought it would be fun to laugh my ass off because I can't take these men seriously. Arrived on time and I'm glad I reserved the tickets since a lot of bachelorette parties tried to purchase tickets when they were sold out. The show began and it was a first come, first serve seating with basic folding chairs placed in a row, really strange and cheap. Show starts and something just came over us maybe it was the booze from dinner or the awesome upbeat music they played but we were all giddy and loud. The men were in top physique but the faces were overly botoxed and plastic with the exception of two guys ( I was loving the young Italian kid) they could really move it though, I think the visuals are what gets you hot and bothered because you never really see moves like that from a guy. I was told to bring singles but the men only strayed from the stage once in awhile and the singles weren't necessary. Also as a bride dressed in a whole get up I was upset to not have any interaction with any of the dancers, I guess I was expecting something entirely different. I still had fun with my girls though but will probably stick to an actual strip club next time.
5	HOTT GUYS. SEXY DANCING. Wonderful show. Not the best dancers... but the bodies speak for themselves. They do some much audience participation which is the BEST! We got front row ticket hookup from the hotel and I even got pulled up on stage! Basically men dancing on me - every women's dream!This is going to be my bachelorette destination!!!
5	Best idea for a bachelorette party EVER!!! What a blast! Absolutely hilarious! Lots of pelvic thrusts and self-grabbing (like Michael Jackson style). Had no idea it would be all choreographed and include singing and lip syncing! So entertaining! I love the crowd interaction, too! If you really want to be involved in the show, it doesn't seem like it'd be too difficult. Really - do this for a bachelorette (or divorce!) party!!! Great time to be had by all!!!
5	I checked out the show tonight with three gal pals and we had an awesome time!  The guys put on a fun show and spent plenty of time in the audience interacting with the ladies!  Jace is MUCH sexier with his short hair and not-quite-as-ripped body and James can REALLY play that guitar!  I particularly enjoyed the vampire scene as well as the one that ends with James killing the guitar solo on the box center stage.  You will NOT be disappointed with the performance of these handsome guys!
3	I expected the dancing to be better, but it was still really good! The black guy with the dreads is the best dancer. There was also one scene where there was a couch, motorcycle, and a bed and they guys were naked...yum. That was amazing.Warning! The after show flirt lounge was useless. None of the really good guys were there. Also, the drinks were ridiculously expensive and very weak. I know it's Vegas, and everything's expensive, but this was even expensive for a Vegas bar.Anyway, it was a good experience overall, a bit expensive, but I'm glad I went.
5	I've seen Thunder and Chippendales now and I would say Chippendale was the classier of the two.  I still had fun at both and both had super hot guys.  Definitely spring for front row, aisle seats if you want to try to get your bachelorette on stage.  There aren't that many chances, so you've got to scream your lungs out.  We got our bachelorette on stage and I was so so proud of ourselves.
3	I wasn't crazy about going to this show because let's face it, there are countless of real shows in Vegas that I'd rather see but it was girls night out and this is what the other hockey wives wanted to do. Tickets were pricey ($75) and more than I think they're worth but it's decent girl fun and you've got to go to one of these shows at least once in your life. Unfortunately, I've been to more than I'd like to admit with various bachelorette parties so the novelty has died off long ago. I couldn't stop laughing at how cheesy the show was and I found it even more hilarious how other women were behaving.  It's all in good fun I know but seriously...some of the girls looked like they were going to faint. lol  I will admit, the men had great bodies and were nice to look at.  If I never have to go to one of these shows for the rest of my life, I will be ok with that. The $15 cocktails at the Flirt Lounge...eek!
3	My bridal party crew and I were one of the many, many bachelorettes at the Chippendales show last week. The show was fun, lots of yelling, whistles, and fun. I had a group of 8 (which 8+ they give you a group discount). At our seats, the stage has a huge screen which had a slideshow of supermodel pics of the Chippendales. Couldn't help laughing at it...quite cheesy. The show itself was A-OK. The men definitely were not the greatest at dancing, but a disappointment for me was that they weren't smiling, or very energetic! (It was the first show of the night). They lacked energy, in which I think would have made the overall performance worthwhile. The majority of the show consisted of the Chippendales dressing in various occupational outfits, coming out to the stage, stripping, and onto the next. There were 4 instances when they pulled audience members onto the stage (me, being one of them!) The first 3 were for a "game show", and myself as the fourth audience...you'll have to go to the show yourself to see what it is! The pick is randomly, but my bridal party I think had requested or talked to the ushers before the show. Even though they said they cannot guarantee; I was pulled to go on stage by the usher.In between acts, the best place to be seated (if you're a bachelorette, bday girl, etc) is the aisle. (Where I sat also, a few rows from the first row) Chippendales will come off stage and go around the aisles, and have some fun the girls seated there. Overall, Its a fun time for drunk girls, but I wouldn't pay to see it again. It's practically overrated by audiences, marketing, etc. It's worthwhile only for the experience. Then, literally right after the show ends, the stage crew comes out and sets up for photos with the Chippendales. It was fast, fast, fast, form a line, get your $10 ready (per person in the pic), pick a Chippendale, snap, get off, and get your picture. Funny fact, one of the Chippendales called my friend "Green Tea" when she chose to stand next to him in the phto (& yes, she was Asian too...) is that racist remark?? ha.
5	This is a must see show!! The guys are gorgeous!! They bring the whole audience into the show. So fun was had by all you can't take photos during the show but you can take one with the guys after the show for a small fee of course the guys are super sweet at the flirt lounge after the show. Oh and if possible get a front row or isle seat it's well worth it
4	Chippendales!  Yep, good looking guys in bow ties and tight leather pants.  It is kinda hard to go wrong, right?  Since I live in Vegas, I have been to see the show a lot since almost every bachelorette party I have attended has needed up here.  It is a fun show and a fun atmosphere.  The dancing is ok, but who is really critiquing them on their moves, really?  They have several different scenes to get at everyone's fantasies.  It is fun to watch them do what they think women all want to see.  Whether you are into it or not, it is still a blast to go with a group of girlfriends and act crazy for 90 minutes.  And watch those boys shake their butts at you!It is a great place to celebrate birthdays, bachelorette parties, or anything else you have in mind.  I think it is much more fun to go in a group, rather than just 2 or 3 people.  Maybe it is the group mentality that comes over us all, but it just seems more fun with all of your friends from my past experiences.The theater itself is small, but I think it was designed that way so everyone is close to and gets to experience a stud muffin at some point in the show.  It is also nice because even if you are in the back or grabbing a drink at the bar, you can still watch the show.  The seats aren't terribly comfortable, but you probably won't notice it because you WILL be distracted!They also offer great local discounts most of the time.  If you have a NV ID, make sure to ask for a discount.  You can only get the discount by buying your tickets through their box office, so keep that in mind too.  Also, if you can take your Grandma to the show, do it because she will be the craziest one in there, at least my Grandma was.  I think the older generations just don't care any more and do whatever they want.  My Grandma was grabbing butts and hugging every guy that walked by.  She was totally OUT OF CONTROL.  I am just glad we didn't get arrested.
3	I can't really say I've experienced better since this was my first time experience anything like this. I don't really remember their names, so here are my nicknames to them:MC: loud blond guy, can sing, and a bit narcissistic for someone in his field.Guitarist: great player, doesn't stripDreads: the only guy that can dance (great job with Smooth Criminal)Blank: no expression in any act, very boring Mess Up: thinks he can dance but keeps messing up.Adam Levine: cuz he looks like Adam LevineFabio: long blond hair The ExperiencePrice: pretty hefty.Environment: screaming drunk/horny bachelorettes in their 20/30s. A few 40 somethings.Music: a rip of all popular songs today and the past few decades. MC sangs a few, not bad.Choreography: crap. Can't be in sync for their lives.Nudity: PG-13. Penises are censored.Overall: it seems like they are out to please and make sure everyone has a fantastic bachelorette/birthday/etc. Those that are willing to go upstage and gyrate their hips get free peeks. Tip: Check-in = free calendar!
4	Mothers day just happened to fall whilst we were in Las Vegas. As a daughter it is my responsibility to make sure my mum had a great day. Enter the Chippendales. There was only a group of 4 of us but we had a great time. We were seated in the second row and mum got to see enough bums to last her a lifetime. The dancing was better than the Thunder from down under but at times it did get a little cheesy. I thought that considering we were in Vegas we might see a little more flesh but alas I was disappointed. The guys are extremely attractive and I thought they were worth the money. Definitely worth a visit.
5	Its been about 10 years since I saw chippendales. They never fail when it comes to HOTNESS!  some of the numbers havent changed since I saw them last, which was disappointing (ie military one, white uniforms and the bed, motorcycle and chair skit). They did update the numbers (moved with the times and songs) and the venue is a bit smaller than what I recall. Chippendales has a singing mc? Mind you a HOT one? Love you Jaymes! Loved Jaymes and James and Jon. Those guys are my fave. Just a lil hint: Get drunk first, cause their drinks are expensive (I think I've been saying that for all my reviews for shows in casinos =p) . Secondly, the flirt lounge, only 3 of the 9 guys came out and talked to the girls. Perhaps, on a weekend night, its better? so I'll have to make a weekend show...Hello MEN! :P (Ladies night part x here we come!)Chippendales men, if you are reading this. Dont be a TEASE, You gotta PLEASE.I know that some of the guys dont dance well, just take it off :PThose dreamy men do come out and mingle with crowd, so theres really not a bad seat in the house. some of the guys are really nice and down to earth (the ones I got to meet). Perhaps if youre really lucky, you'll get to dance with one or more? I did! *giggles*ALso: At the end of the show, you do have an option to take a picture with the men. They charge $20 per person. Even if you try to pull a group pic, its still $20 per person...trust me I tried gettin a group pic for $20 lol. if you dont think that you've had enough, you can always buy your fave chippendale's picture in the chippendale boutique!oh if you lose your voice the next day, you've enjoyed your night out!
5	Amazing, get ready to lose your voice and morals. I came here with my best friend during a weekend trip to vegas. We had oringally planned on going to Thunder From Down Under but it was sold out and I'm glad it was! We ugraded our seats to front and center, the guys come down and dance all over you and if you're lucky like the girl next to me you get to go on stage. I would so go back. I also got a free calendar with the check-in offer which was an amazing plus!
3	They were OK to me but hey I got a free calendar by checking into yelp :)
5	My only "glitch" with the Chippendales show was that they played 90's music. What is UP with that? Apart from that, everything was fantastic. Kinda hoping things would slip off, but didn't. Hehe. It was a fun, memorable night full of excitement & my friends & I each paid $20 to get our photo taken with the Chippendale dancers, right after the show. As we stood in line, we discussed where we'd be standing/sitting. I chose Lind Walter's lap to sit on. My sister stood right next to Jase, & he slapped her a-- as we walked off the stage. She liked it & wouldn't stop talking about it for a long time.Afterwards, we realized we treated the Chippendale dancers as if they had been chairs, & never got around to saying thank you, or anything. Sorry about that, Lind, & thanks for your great big smile in the pic. I think I looked at that photo about 200 times before going to sleep & another 200 times when I woke up in the morning.The tendency is to get really embarrassed as you sit on the lap of your chosen Chippendales dancer, so you forget all the pleasantries. At least if you grew up Catholic, or something. As you sit on his lap, you try to pretend that you chose him randomly, & not because you wanted to rip his clothes off with your teeth the moment you laid your eyes upon him (rawwrr). As you walk away, you almost believe your own lie - almost, but not quite. Because the moment you saw him, you knew he was D14U. And deep down you both know that gurrrrrrl, yew durrteh! There's no hiding it.We were looking forward to having a drink with them at the Flirt Lounge right after the show, but my friend had to be taken to the ER (she's fine). We joked about leaving her at the hospital & going back to the Flirt Lounge, & I think 1 of us meant it. lol. Thank you, Chippendales. Till next time ;)
3	My very first male revue show, and I definitely had high hopes. After seeing Magic Mike, I guess I just wanted... more.We went on a Monday for a bachelorette party. Surprisingly, there was a good a amount of people there. The venue is really small, so there really isn't a bad seat. The boys did cliche routines  (cop, firefighter, military, etc), showed their behinds, and occasionally sung a pitchy tune. Nothing special.The seating is theatre style, so you have to be on the end of a row or in the front to get interaction. I didn't like that part. Also, the music is INCREDIBLY loud. Paired with screaming girls, it can be a bit much. After the show, you can take your photo with the handsome bunch for a low cost of $20 per person, which was $80 bucks for us. Definitely a rip off but we got the tickets for a really good price, so I won't complain too much.I have wanted to go to this show since I was 18, it was definitely disappointing. I actually got bored 30 minutes in. I'd skip it.
5	Oh my goodness. "Save a horse and ride a cowboy." My mantra for the rest of the year. The most attractive men I have ever seen. It's surreal. I sat in the second row. There really isn't a bad seat in the house. It is on the upper level of the Rio. I would recommend going to the bar downstairs that serve five dollar drinks. Bottom line: these men are amazing. They change up their routines from military, firefighter. etc.  You will enjoy it. The glow in the dark paint...SPEECHLESS. I was pulled on stage and they gave me a poster for my participation. The Chippendales from the Amazing Race were therefore STARS. Enjoy!!
3	HOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT GUYS they have as dancers! this was my first time going and my girlfriends and i had a blast! very seductive and loved how they interacted with the ladies! all ages! guys weren't the BEST dancers but enough to keep me engaged.        *******ONE THING I DIDN'T LIKE............ After the show you are able to take photos with the men...the young lady (i say that lightly) that takes the payment for the pics wasn't very informative. We just wanted one pic for my friend but all of us were in it. She quoted $20 for one pic...after she swiped my friends card, she looks at the receipt for an $80 charge! she charged us for 4 pics just because there were 4 of us in the pic even though we ONLY asked for ONE! she could have told us that if we were all in the pic, we all get charged but she chose to leave that one out!This is the ONLY reason they get 3 stars, other than that, show was fantastic! Def would go back....
4	My friends took me here for my bachelorette weekend! We had a blast and this show is definitely what you make of it. I had never been to a male-revue or strip club so this was my first time at Chippendales.We got the tickets through tixfortonight for 49$ each but BEWARE when using third party vendors; we were told we could pick up our tickets an hour before the show and when we arrived at the kiosk it had been closed for more than an hour. Luckily Elsa at Rio was able to have a supervisor pull our reservations without the voucher. SAVE YOUR TICKETS, ladies! You get VIP admission to pure at ceasar's with your chippendales ticket. We arrived just as the show was beginning so we were seated in the back row with the tables and not 10 minutes had gone by before we were escorted to the second row. I'm not sure if anyone paid extra for better seating, but there isn't really a "bad" seat in the house, just show up early and you'll get a great seat. Obviously if you're seated in the aisles you're more likely to interact with the dancers.The show itself was not what I expected: I had 'Magic Mike' in mind and this was heavily choreographed, more like a pageant or an NSYNC tour. It was extremely cheesy at times but also funny, sexy, creative and fun at times. There's really something for everyone! All my friends had their favorite parts of the show. My favorite part was with the song " we can do it anywhere" and you'll see what I mean when you go.The photos are 20$ per person and although that seems pricey I'm really glad I got one. If you still don't want to pay just stay after the show in the flirt lounge and you might get a chance to get a quick photo on your cell phone with one or two of the guys.
5	Recently returned from Vegas and what is a bachelorette weekend celebration without seeing the Chippendales?! I was a little nervous, not knowing what to expect, and was mortified after realizing my amazing sister (MOH) secretly paid for upgraded seats, sitting us right smack in the FRONT row and CENTER! Here I am with my lil veil and "bride to be sash" looking straight up at these hot men. Awkwardly looking away every time they make eye contact with me. I received a little extra attention as well as any other bachelorette there wearing a sash. After threatening my girls before entry "DO NOT make me go on the stage!" I avoided some of the more active participating parts of the show, which I was glad cause I hate attention..... Then at one point a hot guy jumps off the stage reaches out his hand to me... and I just couldn't resist, as my body just melted away I gave him my hand and he escorted me onto to stage and sat me down in a chair, while on the stage as the men danced around me ripping off their shirts, they were so friendly reassuring me I was doing ok, and making sure I was good, I will never forget the time I got on stage with the Chippendales lol!. Soooo much good stuff to say about this show, I was pleasantly surprised. Not overly cheesy, not raunchy, it was very tasteful and erotic and masculine, giving you just enough to keep you fantasizing and wanting more!
4	I came with some girlfriends for a bachelorette party, not really knowing what to expect.  You don't see penis which is good (and a relief, don't know if I could handle that kind of show).  The show itself is like a strip/dance show, perfect for a bachelorette party.  Make sure the bride is dressed up because they target them in the audience.We bought tickets for the balcony cus they were cheaper but since it wasn't a full house they let us sit in the back row of the floor seats for free.  This was nice so that the dancers can run towards you and interact a little better.The show was about 1 hour long and 15 minutes which is a good amount of time, not too long or too short.  The perfect length, he he he.  The show was really entertaining and I was laughing a lot.  It wasn't a comedy but it is just so ridiculous of a show that you just have to laugh.  The costumes were really corny and some of the dance moves and pelvic thrusts were just really funny.  The show tries to target every female "fantasy" I guess.  There were the firefighters, navy guys, rapper thugs, construction workers, and the classic guys in bowties.  Every routine has a little dance number that they do and then they take off their clothes so you can look at them and stuff.  They are all super buff and oily haha.  I thought the guy John or Jon idk was really cute.Photos at the end of the show with the dancers costs each girl $20 (even if you are in a group pic).  So we were all like nahhhhh, exept the bachelorette.  That is justifiable.Overall a fun experience for the girls!  We all had a fun night then went out clubbing afterwards.Notes:No photography at allUse a NV ID to get 2 tickets for the price of 1!!!Yelp check-in gets you a temporary tatoo that says I heart Chippendales.  I won't be using that lol.
5	I had tons of fun with this show. I've been wanting to see this for the longest time ever so I decided to go with my BFF. I admit some of the dance moves are corny but who cares! It was full of laughter and screaming cause they do show their "behinds" and the exotic moves they do!
5	I've seen this show a couple of times... and pretty much almost every other male dance show in Vegas LOL. As far as male dance shows go, this one is the most upscale. It's cheesy fun and always makes for a great girls night out. The first time I saw this show, the seating arrangement was different and there was NO touching! Seating was all in rows, no tables... and so the guys did not come down to dance with the audience. The second time I went, it was different, and honestly a much more fun experience! Now they have tables! So now the first few rows are in table format... makes it much easier for you to put your purse and drinks down! There is still row seating, but those are the cheaper seats in the back... if it's not too full they do move you forward.... but I think the pricing may have been a bit different when I went than now. Going towards the theater, there are GIANT posters of the guys everywhere! The show is located upstairs and pretty easy to find... it's literally right above the Village Seafood Buffet. Anyways, this time around, we had a table, which was much nicer! I was surprised by the seating arrangement and loved the new seating... and the show was more hands on this time! A much better feel! Now, throughout the show, the guys will at certain points come down from onstage and dance with random people in the audience... some will kiss you (on the cheeks) or slap your butt. One guy slapped by ass, HARD! I jumped because it took my by surprised and when I saw that it was the one I thought was cute, I did blushed a bit and smiled lol. After the show, you can go to the bar and mingle with the guys. The guys are surprising pretty nice to talk to. You can take pictures with them (in the bar for free - right after the show it's about $20). However, in the bar, they are fully clothed, lol. It was still nice meeting and talking to them though!No girls night out in Vegas is complete without seeing some hot guys shake it! Go see it... expect cheesy fun and you'll have a blast! The MC does a great job and they can sing AND dance!
5	I have been a fan of the show since I was old enough to get in. Now 5 years later, and I'm still impressed. It nice to see old favorite faces and new ones as well! If you are looking for a classy, fun male show-this is it! Grab yo crew, dress so you feelin' fine, and make it a ladies night to remember!So let's talk fellas, there is someone for everyone. My favorite is Jace Crispin. Ohhhh, let me tell you! Not only is he fly as all hell, but is such a down-to-earth dude (meet the guys in the flirt lounge after the show), and has great stage presence. His charisma and talent just really makes the show for me.Ps. All my friends have designed me their Chippendales go to gal!!
5	I can't say enough good things. The show was pure fun, lots of audience interaction. I sat on the aisle toward the front and ended up getting a few quick lap dances!! Other girls got pulled up on stage for different numbers. One girl even got to pull a pair of underwear on one of the guys, who was only wearing a short robe! So many different songs/themes, I can't even remember them all... definitely something for everyone. Cowboys, police/fire/military, boy band, hip hop, rockers, vampires, Risky Business, Michael Jackson... the list goes on. And yes, the guys are very attractive, especially as a group. Nothing like seeing a dozen perfectly toned naked butts all lined up in a row! If you order a drink (mine was $12), you get a free hard plastic souvenir cup. You also get free admission and a free drink at a lounge with great rooftop views of Vegas just a few doors down. My very favorite thing we did in Vegas!
5	After being in Vegas for over 10 years, I finally decided to check out the show with a group of friends...glad we did!! It was awesome!! We spent the little extra to get a table close to the front, and it was well worth it...tons of interaction from the boys! LOL Some of the best parts of this show... the best looking boys of all the male revues here in Vegas, plenty of audience participation, great cocktail service (at least at the tables), free admission into the Voodoo Lounge for after the show, and the best part IMO...meet n' greets in the Flirt Lounge after the show! Woohoo!!The only negative that I can think of...there needs to be a better Local's Discount!! And if there is...it needs to be better advertised!!Overall...I will def recommend this show to out-of-towners...as well as Locals!!Thanks boys ;)
5	So many handsome guys in this show! I have watched both Chippendales and Thunder From Down Under. I definitely prefer Chippendales! Not only because the guys are more handsome, I think the show itself is better and more entertaining! Too bad I was in rush and didn't have the time to take pictures with them. But yeah I will definitely come back for this show again! If you are sitting in the front rows, very good chances you will be invited to the stage! So prepare for that!
5	Spectacular show in Phoenix, AZ tonight, Saturday, Feb 8.  I couldn't take my eyes off the stage for a minute.  It was the first time I've been to one of your shows.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and look forward to you returning to the valley soon so I can see you again!I wanted to send a special thank you to Vanya Kapetanovic for paying special attention to my MOM tonight.  It was during a part of the show where everyone was standing and she is in a wheelchair.  She was struggling to see the show.  Vanya made a point of coming behind her and giving her a hug.  It was all she talked about on the way home.  It made her night!
5	I went to see the Chippendales in Las Vegas this past Saturday, 2/8/14 for the first time.  I was staying at the Palazzo (part of the Venetian), and wanted to see some fun shows, so I went to the concierge and asked about male revue shows.  They strongly recommended Thunder From Down Under over Chippendales, so I bought a ticket to that for Friday, then I decided I wanted to compare, so I also bought a ticket to Chippendales.Thank goodness I did!  While TFDU was ok, there were several times I was uncomfortable watching-no, there wasn't any full frontal, but watching the dancers grab women's hands and shove them down the front of their trousers wasn't sexy to me.  It was disconcerting.  Plus the language-I'm not a prude, but f-bombs every other word really isn't necessary.So, fast forward to Chippendales-I was a bit nervous that I might be in for the same experience-but I couldn't have been more wrong.  Chippendales was sensual, sexy, yet still left a sense of mystery.  The vampire scene was amazingly beautiful (I'll admit to a certain fascination with the "creatures of the night") and the music choices were perfect.  These men are real dancers, not strippers.  I'm assuming, based on the talent level, that they've all been classically trained-they're that good.Yes, there were screaming bachelorettes, but nothing over the top happened.  If you're even slightly curious about seeing a male revue, this is definitely the show for you!
5	My friend pretty much forced and me to go to the show last night for my 24th birthday.. And I'm so glad that she did! I had a ball! The guys are hot (especially Matt) and the interaction with the crowd is amazing! It's not just a strip show, it's real entertainment! Highly recommended
5	This was my second time watching this show.  I really didn't want to watch the show because I was quite disappointed the last time I watched it a couple years back.  I was sort of force to watch it this time because the group I had gone to Vegas with had already bought the non-refundable group tickets.  Lame!  Or maybe not?I must say the show this time around was definitely a lot better.  Not sure why though?  Maybe it was not as boring or because we had floor seats versus seats up top on the 2nd floor?  I bet the latter had something to do with it.  They didn't have any celebrity guest host this time.  The performances were hot.  The men were eye candy.  They make you want to move to Vegas and see them everyday.  Well, not until you hear from locals and surveys or something, that most or all of the performers are G-A-Y.  So sad for the straight people out there, but I think one guy was straight because they did mention one of the guys was a father.  Although he could be a gay dad.  LOL oh well...Anyway, they had a good number of acts where they pulled girls from the audience to participate.  Oh yeah, there were men in the audience too, and I believe they were straight.  While the performers put on their shows, these men in the audience seem disgusted about how the performers were acting and how the women were reacting.  It was a priceless kodak moment!The best show, in my opinion, was when the MC pulled up 3 women to play along and perform some act that they were told to do.  One woman had to give a guy her best lap dance.  Her dress was so short it kept rolling up and she kept flashing the audience with her ass (she had a thong on).  In the end she said F it and just kept dancing with her dress up.  It was amazing!   The other girls performance were meh, not worth talking about ha.Hottest guy in the group was Mikey (according to my group of friends and I.FYI: If you want a pic with the men at the end of the show, they charge per guest who appear in the pic, not per picture received.If you come here for a bachelorette, your group should hit up the strip club after!!!  Just sayin...
4	OMG!!!!!!!!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!!! I am 33 years old and have never been to a male (or female) show like this before.I must say I had the best time ever!!!!!!!!!!  The dancers were awesome and majority of them were very hot!!!  I was in the second row, and the guys walked by so I got sexy hugs, slaps on my rear and grinding quite a few times!!!The only complaint  I have is sometimes there was too much clothed dancing, like we came there to see some skin, not men dressed from head to toe.But again this was one of the most fun nights i have ever had!!! After the show we went into the lounge to get some drinks and the dancers were all back there mingling and having drinks and taking pics with all us ladies!!! Soooo awesome they were so sweet and down to earth not stuck up! Loved loved loved it!!!Im a vegas local soooo I will be back, sooner then later.
5	Thoroughly entertaining!!!  Most of the guys are actually decent dancers and it was just fun to laugh and holler during the show with my gfs at my bachelorette.  Would totally watch this show again!!!  guys are good looking as well so that doesn't hurt
5	What a pretty fun show! We didn't know exactly what to expect but I like that fact that it was more like a show not a "strip" club guys would think. They performed and did a wonderful job. Alot of laughs and everyone seemed  like they had fun. Price is not bad but the only downside is that it is located at a very old hotel! Wish they were located somewhere nicer but it's all good. You come for the show anyway!
5	My friend bought tickets and we were definitely looking forward to the show and were not disappointed. We didn't really know to much about the show so, when we got there I went to one of the casino's cashier to get singles because I though you had throw dollar bills at them lol. I asked for $100 singles and the cashier immediately asked if we were going to the Chippendale show and we said yes. She said it's not type of show and for us to save our money, a bit embarrassing but whatever. The show itself was awesome, we loved it and it was done very tastefully. The drinks were great as well. I would definitely go again.
4	I have seen this show twice and it was definitely worth the money. If you are looking for a spicy show that is guaranteed to leave you excited then look no more...The Chippendale's are waiting for you! The show touches upon every fantasy you can think of (police, fireman, armed forces, gangsters, vampires and cowboys.) ----ow, was it hot!The show is about an hour and a half of wild entertainment from the sexiest men in the industry. The first time I went to the show I got on stage and participated in a secy game show....I lost but I got a free poster for participating. The second time around I took my mom and she ended up getting groped and rubbed on by one of the guys. If that doesn't interest you then don't go to the show!!After the show some of the guys come out to take pictures and mingle with the crowd. Also, during the show the guys shed many wife beaters and throw them to audience members (I got one from my favorite, Juan.)They are anxious to give special attention to brides and birthday girls. If you are looking for a fun night out with the ladies in Vegas then go see The Chippendale's. You won't be disappointed!
4	Yes, I went. Yes, I brought my baby brother. Yes, we both had a blast. The choreography is (for the most part) pretty awful, but lets be honest, that's not what you're there for. And, it's nice to see that the choreographer who used to do all of the work for *NSYNC and the Backstreet Boys was able to find work when that sort of thing was no longer relevant. But oh lord. The men were gorgeous, and the show was a lot of fun. My brother learned a lot of important lessons that he plans on applying to future relationships. Such as: the proper way to take off an undershirt, the proper way to gyrate on a bed, and how to swoosh the shit out of a cloak. We didn't stay for the Flirt lounge interaction...but I'm sure it was lovely.
5	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this show. The guys truly look like they are having the best time on stage (and are not self conscious about not being great dancers). This is a nice balance of fun with not too much raunchiness. Get a few drinks in you and make the experience that much more enjoyable!
4	Came with my girls for my Bachelorette party and had a blast! If you're going for a special event, make sure to wear something to show it, because they will pull you on stage! (I had a flashing sash and tiara) They make sure to pay attention to those celebrating birthdays, bachelorettes and even divorces, which makes it really fun. They are also surprisingly considerate. Whether they are grinding on you in the audience or on stage, they actually whisper in your ear to make sure you are comfortable and having fun and no one can tell they are doing it!  The production quality is really outstanding, with a wide variety of costumes, props, sets and lighting designs. There are big and small group numbers and something to please every appetite. We really enjoyed all of the skits, with the exception of the "officer" one, which was far too long and slow. And I got pulled on stage for their vampire act, which was great, because I love vampires. Overall, we had a great time and really enjoyed the show!*Be aware that you will see full nude buttocks and maybe a glance of a package or two. We didn't know they were going to strip down that far, which was a pleasant surprise for us, but may not be for others.-The main floor ticket price is worth it, especially for a special occasion. This ensures you get interaction and your special girl gets on stage!
4	Entertaining and Engaging! Located inside the Rio, I wish the show was on the strip instead - I think from a business standpoint the show can drive a lot more dollars with the convenience of the strip. The actual space of the show is smaller than I expected, however this was a good thing as it makes the performance seem more intimate. Floor seats are definitely better than the second level, as the guys come down to interact with the audience in a few sets - which was also a nice surprise. The space and staging can use upgrades. The show can make a ton of cash on drinks but since the setup is based on just rows of chairs filled with screaming girls, it's hard for the servers and the guys to get in between the audience, the servers seemed confused on who wanted a drink nor did they ask the ones that didn't show interest.  The show overall was cheesy but in a very tasteful way! Just as expected :). The guys are very easy on the eyes, with exception of two who seemed much older than the rest. This is either intentional (to attract the older age group), or they are tenured employees. The show features costume changes and themes to demonstrate different types of fantasies. The music and dancing was on point, some of the guys weren't in-sync during the synchronized routines (but I thought that was cute), the songs and sets were very relevant. Jaymes, who's the lead Host/MC of the show - does a great job keeping the flow of the performances and interacting with the audience! Everyone gets an opportunity to take a photo with the guys behind a backdrop for $20. Good price for a photo, however the photo is poor quality and they should offer a digital/email option instead. The audience is invited to stay and hang out with some guys after the photo-op. I was surprised not to see guys there, it's a must see for both male and female audiences. I would see the show again... Definitely the best of Vegas has to offer! Good job boys!
4	Had an absolute blast at this show!  The staff was super friendly, we had no issues picking up our tickets, getting seated, or getting drinks!  The venue was the perfect size--not overly large and not too small-allowing for a great atmosphere for the Chippendales to interact with everyone in the show! The Chippendales put on a fantastic and highly entertaining show!  They go through different "fantasies" pleasing every guest!  I went for a bachelorette party and the Bride loved it! They even pulled her up on stage for some extra attention!I would definitely recommend attending this show!
5	I honestly have no idea how anyone could give them less than 5 stars. I've been to Chippendale's three times in the past year. Sounds crazy, I know! First time I went was back in August 2013 just for fun with one of my best friends. Second time was November 2013 after a nasty break up. This last trip was June 14th 2014. By far my favorite time. I went with a group of close friends to celebrate my Unwedding Day (I'm sure you could figure out what that means), from the break up back in November. I somehow got picked to go on stage. Definitely a night I will NEVER forget. Every time I have been has been completely awesome. The show is entertaining, pretty great dancing, nice variety of music, and let's not forget about how hot they are. They are all sweethearts as well. My group of friends can't stop talking about this weekend. This past weekend will definitely not be our last time going.
5	Omg these men know how to put on a show! They definitely get the mind wandering and it sure is a tease watching what we can't have or touch! I screamed so much I lost my voice! I've seen Thunder From Down Under and I have to admit, although the shows are similar, nothing beats this one!
5	Just go there and see. You gonna love it. Make sure you sit in the first rows and preferably have big bachelorette sign and then you are up for a treat;)
5	The FUNNIEST night of my life and the rest of our group who decided to make this as a part of our bachelorette itinerary! :DAnyway, if you're to watch this show, get the VIP seats and you'll definitely get some actions from these hotties!  Otherwise you'll be drooling from afar! Lol!Our bride-to-be got to participate 3 times!!!!!!!!All in all, it was by far my best Vegas experience and I know the girls had FUN too! :D
2	Arrived a little late so anything that was announced or done prior to my groups arrival was left unknown. Had an OK time, wasn't anything spectacular. My opinion is  getting private strippers was more fun but friends really wanted to do this instead.. at the end of the show, the emcee who's also a part of the show said "where's my sexy mama at?" SO not knowing he was referring to some girl who won a free picture from the beginning of the show (which I found out after he calls me out).. as the friend, I am going to scream "she's right here" because #1 she is hot, #2 I was trying to get her up on stage.. so he walks over and said in the microphone "stop trying to egg your friend, YOU A PUNK ASS FRIEND." He could've easily said "haha real funny," but he called me out and said YOUS A PUNK ASS FRIEND. Well fuck you too then, asshole. The show I went to was on 8/8/2014.
5	Honestly- it's Magic Mike in real life.I've been to a male strip club and was totally disturbed, so I went into this thinking that anything better that would be peachy.  I thought that it would be more of a Vegas show, where they would maybe wink at us but it would be a performance-based, no touchy kind of deal.Safe to say, it was a VERY happy medium.  There was a ton of interaction with the crowd, participation, and they even let us take pictures and rush the stage during their last set!  I literally have photos from underneath the dancers, haha.  I went for my birthday and they love paying attention to those that are there to celebrate (thank JEEZUS I didn't get pulled on stage though- truth be told, most of the women that did were out of their mind drunk and I felt really embarrassed for them).  You can also pay to have a photo with them at the end of the show BUT, the best part, is that if you've paid for the show- you can hang out with them afterwards FOR FREE.  You exit through the gift shop (where the merch is reasonably priced, honestly), and then you can re-enter where you did originally before the show and there's a lounge in there.  The dancers come out and hang out with you, sign stuff, take pictures, have drinks- etc.  They're in normal clothes and are normal guys- it was really quite nice.One of the dancers threw his sweaty torn shirt in my face (thank you) and a bunch of the boys signed it afterwards.It was honestly one of the best nights of my entire life and I was lucky enough to share it with my bestest friends in the entire world.
2	Honestly the two stars is pushing it.  The staff are very kind. .. the show is full of wardrobe  and set changing and there is a multitude of men to choose from.  I went to men off the strip when they toured in Denver and because of how great that experience was I have to give chippendales a sub par rating.  At men of the strip ALL the men could actually dance, they were extremely interactive (yes chippendales had a few crowd interactions but no where near as much) and the men simply seemed way more personable energetic and over all happy (they actually smiled)... It was a semi entertaining show but not worth the cost.  I didn't even care to stick around for a picture yet With men of the strip I HAD too have a picture and have the tie hanging on the mirror. So I say go watch it but keep in mind there is extremely better out there !
5	Chippendales is a great time. Now, I love the ladies. I think they're the greatest and so pretty and...really just the bees knees. That does not mean that a super heterosexual male such as myself can't enjoy (and learn from) a bunch of men paid to dance and exercise for a living. That being said, this show is hilarious. Sitting back and watching the huge crowd of woman go stupid over some guys pretending to be laborers or vampires or seamen was one of the best non-food related experiences of my trip. The guys do put on a great show. There is tons of interaction with the crowd and they maintain a really high level of energy throughout the entire show. HOWEVER, I do feel that I cheated the women I went with out of a very enjoyable experience. If you're a woman, and you go with a group of women...these bros will get right down in your group and make sexy times happen. If you're getting married, they'll bring you onstage and give you some special attention. if you go with a guy, you'll be lucky if they come near your group during crowd interaction time and IF they do..you'll get a very polite hug and they'll move on. Men, this show is not just for women. If you go, you'll learn a ton of new stuff....such as:1) Don't rush to getting naked before sexy times. It is appropriate and encouraged to spend 5-6 minutes stripping out of your construction gear...and you never really have to show her anything besides your butt. 2) Back lighting is extremely important. Let's face it, whatever you've got going on...she's already seen it. So why not add some mystery? 2000 watt red stage lights positioned directly behind you at all times can add a aura of danger to the act of love making. 3) Abs4) Role Play - Women enjoy consistency, except in the bed room. Change it up. Buy a hard hat and make her watch you grind some steal beams. Buy a Sailor's uniform and some aviators, march around the house, and salute every couple minutes. Get a big black cloak and whip that sh*t around, tie her to a chair, and bit her neck. 5) Dance..a lot. You might think that women want to sleep with you, you're wrong. They want to get drunk with their friends and watch you dance. This show is good for everybody. Women, go and holler at some boys and see some butts. Men, go and learn something. Women pay to see these men for a reason.
5	The show is definitely entertaining especially if you like boybands lol. Chippendales never fails. I'm more of a fan of the lounge and meet/greet after the show. That's what sets them apart from the other male reviews. The guys are always sweet and social. The drinks are made to perfection. The bartenders are a delight. Security and staff are great. Jaymes is the best host by far!
5	I came here for a gfs bachelorette party @ the Rio in Las Vegas. I was reluctant thinking it was cheesy but it was a well crafted performance with great music, wardrobe and dance choreography.  I thought some of the men were attractive.
5	*SWOON* We had the best time here! Last time I was in Vegas the girls and I went to the Thunder From Down Under and I have to say, i think I like the Chippendales better! The performances are more choreographed, and i also think they do a better job getting the audience involved. My girlfriend who was a bachelorette got plenty of much needed attention. We all agreed the men are hotter here! Lastly, I heard from my hair stylist at the Bellagio that men are not allowed in Thunder From Down Under, which seems a little closed- minded since they were welcome at Chippendales. We also got to keep tumbler glasses with the men on them for all the drinks we bought. This is definitely the place I'll tell other girls to go to.
5	Came here with my bride-to-be girlfriend along with the entire bachelorette party and we had a blast! Well, at least my girlfriends did. I thought it was pretty entertaining and man oh man, yeah, those gentleman sure gave all the ladies some super excitement when they're up on stage. It's a small theater and as I was looking around, the crowd were all ladies except one gentleman probably got dragged by their girlfriend to come and watch it. He was really just whatever about it, I don't think he enjoys checking out the chippendales and their body as much as his girlfriend or wife did. I guess guys can also go to learn a few moves. The guys were all very entertaining, and there were a lot of interaction with the crowd. Don't want to spoil anything for future go-ers if you ladies are reading it. But it's definitely something fun to do if you're here with your girlfriends. However! I do think my boyfriend has a better butt than all of them!! Their butts are only "alright." haha. Oh! They love ripping off their tank tops and throw it at the crowd too! You can purchase drinks/cocktails while enjoying the show. After the show, you can take pictures with them for 20 bucks per person. Keep in mind, you cannot take photos during the show, BUT! Towards the end of the show, they do give you a few minutes to take quick pics and snap shots of them. Better get your cameras ready!!After the show, I know that the Chippendales will be out interacting with the audience at the bar, so check them out!If you have a significant other, buy them a souvenir at the gift shop! Like the Chippendales underwear- the quality is pretty darn good. haha.Check-in on Yelp to receive a gift at the gift shop!
