4	Jay R pretty much sums it up with "something for everyone". Yeah it's a little corporate and ostentatious in some spots, but Charlotte needed something like this in Uptown. While I prefer the surrounding neighborhood spots around town, Epicentre does have some fun spots, such as the theater and the rooftop pavilion for events like Alive After Five in the summer. I enjoy Strike City as well, for sports watching, though the OSU fans can kiss my...well, you know...ha. Overall, the concept is right, though some of the execution and attitudes of the business owners makes me laugh...you can't deny it adds something positive to the Uptown scene...especially for those short-term out of town guests (insert smile).
2	Seriously? They took a six story outdoor mall and leased to any business with money in hand ready and willing. There are like six random trendy night clubs (we went to Mez) blaring deafeningly loud techno to country, a few fast foodish or bar food type restaurants, an urgent care medical center, and a doctors office. Let's just say it's a well appointed cluster. Lest we forget the patrons ... Sleezy and cheesy, slutty and smutty - also a total cluster. Like the random pervy man that just started taking our picture without permission or the Very Short Jersey Shore type man that tapped me on my shoulder and gave this gem:"Brian?" Me: (insert puzzled look here) "No."Very Short Jersey Shore type man: "Can we have your name? I seem to have lost mine." Shaking my head...
4	This Centre is Epic! har har, I so funny. I'm not particularly fond of the "EpiCentre" nor am I partial to any spot. But I do greatly appreciate the vision and this mini mall concept for adults they got going on. Live concerts, MMA fights, pretentious bouncers and shady management. From classy women in prom dresses (and no it's not actually for prom), to skanky, I mean swanky chicks in mini skirts & halters in 43 degree weather, to D-bags rockin' Afflliction & Ed Hardy to country boys with cowboy boots and hats. Cougars chasing the polo shirt kids, and old timers in three piece suits looking for their Anna Nicole. EpiCenter has something for everyone!
3	The EpiCentre...the center of tons o' commerce, boatloads of people, and many a frat boy also plays host to some real gems. If you don't like tourists, crowds or popped collars, you may tremble at the thought of EpiCentre on a Thurs-Sat evening. However, take a little time and explore the place when it's not a mass of people and you may grow to appreciate it. Allow me to break it down for you...The Great: The place is kept up extraordinarily well from the ongoing maintenance and, I assume, a great cleaning crew. Some of my fave non chain places here to hit up when EpiCentre is not overflowing with people: Mortimer's: Catch a bite and a game, Revolution: Cute clothes and shoes, Strike City: Watching any Big 10 game and bowl on someone else's dime, Biergarten: Casual place with long tables with solid beer, Vida Cantina: Guacamole. Done, Mez: Great movie theater when you don't want to deal with lines and such, Libretto's: Tasty quick slice of 'za.The Suckage: Parking. Sucks. The only two places (that I've found) that validate are Mez (if you go to a movie and even then it's a limited amount of time) and First Physicians. Yup, that's it. So, be prepared to either pay the automatic meter or shell out cash during for an evening parking job. And frankly, these parking attendants have been total ass bags to me in the past...but whatever. And as mentioned previously...The EpiCentre can be quite young and really touristy. While Epi brings in about needed traffic and dollars to Uptown, you just have to plan accordingly to avoid the occasional rage of 22 year old frat boys and drunkies.
4	I really like EpiCentre, but I hate the people that roam around the place. You know the people that I'm talking about, the preppy frat guys, college kids, and the people with inflated egos. Well that mostly changes when you walk into some of the venues offered here surprisingly. I guess most people just come here to wander around and look important.There's not much to buy here but plenty to eat and do. I love the theater here, cause it has a bar and other theaters don't duh! But the Mez it's attached to is a let down.  I think I'll stay away from Suite and Whiskey River where the college kids hang out and head over to Kazba which tends to draw a more mature crowd. Strike City is a little expensive but it's worth paying a little extra for a full bar while bowling! I haven't tried much of the food here, but Libretto's has a satisfying pizza, and cold stone is good as usual. I'll have to try to come to an Alive After Five sometime as I hear it's a ton of fun.At the end of the day I wish I could hate you Epicentre, but I love all the interesting things you have to offer. So like an addict I'll keep coming back for more.
3	I usually love downtown spots like this, but as I get older I realize that they often house spots that are way too mainstream and overpriced.  With that said, this place SERIOUSLY reminded me of the Denver Pavilions on the 16th St. Mall.  We happened to stop in here late on a Monday night, so our options were limited.  We ended up going to BlackFinn, which was a similar A-OK experience.  I could see how this place would be nuts on the weekend!  We only ran into one tool that night - some dude hit us up for a cab fare, and after my buddy gave him $5, he was like "that's it?".  Nice.  Jackass.
3	I was in Charlotte for work and decided to check out the EpiCentre everyone told me about.  Nice place to find food.  Other than that, it felt kinda...slow-paced there.I was really hoping for a place to shop.  Doh!
1	This place has 2 different times. Day and Night. Day time is not bad. Good little spot to go have lunch or just hang out, but the night time brings out the drunks and losers. If you want to see drunks, throw up, hookers, and a lot of testosterone then come out at night. This place turns into a sewer at night. Why must this place have so much security? Is it to keep the bouncers/security from beating anyone they want ? Is it to keep an eye on the doorman who sell drugs? All I know is there is security and customers still get beat and robbed. I would rather not pay for over priced drinks, not step around vomit, and I surely do not want to go any place where the owner is a CROOK!!! Epic center will continue to be a herpes sore on queen city Charlotte.
5	If you're from out of town and you are visiting Charlotte and you want to go out and drink then go to the epicenter. They have clubs, bars, pizza places, all in this center. It's pretty tight. You'll find your spot.
4	Epicentre has a bad stigma attached to it.  Now I can agree with most comments about drunken frat boys ( or 30 yr old frat boys), but what do you expect for a mall full of bars.  Anytime you are here just consider yourself to be at a pub crawl.  There are some bar duds (cough whishkey river), but there are some gems like mez, kasbah, strike city,   suite, howl at the moon, and blackfinn.   I have yet to make it to the theater. I hear it is awesome though.  Epicenter is a great place to start your night just to feel if the crowd is going to be good or not.  I usually make it back here @ 2am just for some drunken Moe's/Libertto's though.   It's a great place to people watch and if you don't see anything good make your way to the stairs.  There is always a drunken girl who can't walk in heels and trying to make her way down.  It's a great place to bring people from out of town and a great place to get hammered and seen a mass of amount of people more hammered than you.
4	Depending on what you come here for, if you're visiting Charlotte and you want to check out the night life this is mostly where it's going to be at (there are other options though!) This place is full of restaurants, clubs, and bars. I have came here several times for clubs, movies, sushi, and well for this time to bowl (my review in StrikeCity is listed). However, every time I come here I'm reminded of how limited the spots in Charlotte are and how special this place is. It's always packed with people, so if you're in a social mood this is where to go.So, come here and have some fun! If you go to the Mez, they have a high class restaurant and a movie theater (and you can eat in there) but make sure to reserve for opening nights. I came here to watch the final Harry Potter movies (which was amazing).Epicenter has places to park, and close to mostly everything if you want to walk around Charlotte. And it's also very close to the light rail if you don't want to drive all that way (just get off at 3rd street and walk there!)
3	I really like the concept of EpiCenter, but I'm not a fan of the location & the parking situation. Charlotte is notorious for "let's see how much we can pack into downtown / uptown".I worked an event there Saturday night & the place was packed full of people - all walks of life & all ages.Pros: Plenty of opportunities to entertain yourself, whether it's Mez (movies), dining, dancing, bowling or drinking.  I like the idea of being able to have everything all in one space.  The layout is really nice.Cons: As others noted, it's busy. Traffic is horrible trying to get in.  There's limited parking & you have to pay for it.  I've also heard via friends that the attitude is very stiff & as always dress code is not "one size fits all".  Some things are acceptable at some places, but may not be at another establishment.  If you're looking for shopping / retail, you won't find it here (which is what uptown / downtown lacks).All in all, it's a money maker for Charlotte & that's a plus!
2	Cool to walk around, but overall has the feel of an expensive outdoor mall.
5	I am in LOVE with the EpiCentre! Who wouldn't love a three story complex full of bars, restaurants, nightclubs, hotel and a movie theater? You will find me here at least 1-3 times a week if I'm in town! It has something for everyone and I definitely recommend it, my favorite part is when Alive After Five starts up and last till it starts to get cold. Great spot!
4	The EpiCentre, as a whole.  It's a tricky mess trying to lump it all into one category, and one review.  As others have said - Daytime EpiCentre and Nighttime EpiCentre are two totally different beasts.  One more beastly than the other, for sure.  During the day/lunchtime there are tons of quick and tasty places to eat (5 Guys, Firehouse, Moe's, Jason's Deli, Libretto's), some sit-down places (Mortimer's, Vida, Enso) and dessert choices (Cold Stone, Yoforia) and if you're coming from the Wells Fargo campus, you can get there and not have to venture outside (unless you count that section of parking garage you have to walk through in the BB&T building "outside").  And if you need a go-to pharmacy, the CVS downstairs can't be beat.I'd give it a 5 star rating for the daytime.  Super convenient for uptown workers and dwellers during the day (we're already parked here somewhere, so it's not an issue).Now, the evening on the other hand... beast-a-rific.  Dress code issues (really? you're not going to let us in to see X-Men because the hubs is wearing flip flops?), accidentally going to Suite on college night (get off my lawn), parking, traffic, and oh my the drunkie-poos.  Those things all make it a tad unpleasant.... but yet.... There's something about it.  Something about the closeness of the establishments, and the options that you have.  You can go to a few different places that have totally different vibes and never have to walk more than 100 yards.  It's just such a cool concept, and I really do love it.What we really need to work on fixing is the type of people that end up here.  Maybe... a test before you are allowed on the premises.  I can picture it now.  Set a beer, a funnel, and a tube out on the sidewalk - if you put the 3 together and crush the beer, you aren't allowed in.  Put up a sign with some glitter tubes "Free Glitter!"  If you apply the glitter to yourself, you aren't allowed in.  Think that would work?
2	I don't know what to make of the EpiCentre. Is it an outdoor mall? This is nothing to what we have in Dallas, TX. It had restaurants, a CVS, a bowling alley, a movie theatre and a parking gargage. Since it is right across from my hotel, the Ritz Carelton, I had dinner at two of the restaurants, Vida and Enso on two different nights. I even went to the CVS for snacks and drinks. I may go to the movies at the Mez if they are showing anything I'm interested in watching. To me, this is just run of the mill. Maybe I am just pissed because my hotel room faces the EpiCentre and I can hear drunkards yelling at the top of their lungs at 2am while I am trying to sleep and get to work the next day. During the daytime it is nice and quiet. However, if there is an event, which there are a few while I am here, it gets pretty rowdy.
3	The EpiCentre is great for a few things; plenty of places to eat, drink and be entertained.  These are all the great reasons you would visit the EpiCentre.  On the other hand you better be prepared for crowded bars, expensive drinks, and a whole lot of chaos.  My favorite time to visit the EpiCentre is during the day it's more chill you can sit outside, relax and enjoy some great people watching.  I recently had a chance to check out the Biergarten at Pavilion on the top floor of the EpiCentre.  The place was dead when I was there I was 1 of 4 customers there but I liked the atmosphere and they had a good selection of beers on tap.  If your looking for a place to entertain some out of town guests the EpiCentre has plenty to offer.
2	As far as the day goes it a nice place to goto, but when its dark I don't feel like they want my business and I don't mind going somewhere else and letting people know how they are (My money spends the same Epicentre its 2012 get it together).
4	Very cool place with tons of people, bars, restaurants and options.  Adult Disneyland.It is what it is.  People know that when they go.For what it is, I don't see how it could get much better.
3	This reminds me of a City Walk, Hollywood/Highland or a Downtown Disney.  Gentrified restaurant choices, movie theatre, area for live music, etc..The people milling around seemed a bit off to my husband and I. We wondered if there was a chubby prostitute convention in town. Plus, alot of people smoking and getting rowdy in the later hours. It was fine for a place to grab a bite and a movie, because we were staying across the street at the Ritz. But I would not pick it as a destination.
4	Thurs. was my first time at Alive After 5 at the Epicenter.  I was able to get into the VIP section.  Not bad for a rooftop event.  2 bands on the bottom level Suckerpunch and on the roof The Frontiers (they have opened for the group Journey for years).  See you next Thursday.
2	There are two things that redeem the EpiCentre from being a pitiful one star for me. 1: Living a couple blocks away, I might conceivably find one or two of the shops here convenient one day. And 2: It's quite an attractive building if you can ignore the unfinished bits of concrete and rebar sticking out of the top like broken promises. But that, I'm afraid, is as far as my considerable generosity will stretch.I suppose if pretentious places like Mez, Kazba or (heaven forbid) rapey places like Whiskey River are your scene then this place is probably "totally sick" or even "wicked awesome, bro". But it's not mine. And well, it's my review. Let Fratty McKegstand and Roofy McDouchebag write 5-star reviews in between fist-pumps.Out celebrating multiple January birthdays, one of my fellow newly 30-somethings decided he wanted to go to Kazba so badly that he paid the cover for all those that didn't want to go. After 45 minutes witnessing the sort of behavior that makes one wonder if humanity would even be worth saving from a global cataclysm, we decided to leave. Once out the door and past the velvet rope (how cliche!) a friend of mine decided to say "bye, douche bag" to one of the ruder bouncers. Evidently the bouncer's Napoleon complex would not let such an affront to his character stand and tried to forcibly keep my friend there against his will. After some tugging on shirts and threats of violence, cops were called and the little shit actually had the nerve to claim legal high ground. I'll admit it wasn't the most dignified action I've seen from my friend but it was a personal remark of someone as he was leaving. He broke no law. So if I'm not mistaken, that's false imprisonment. Fortunately, an employee from next door who was apparently familiar with the little Road House Bonaparte's antics saw the whole thing and made sure the cops knew what happened. Still, the officer told us to leave the EpiCentre; which was pretty fucking convenient as that's exactly what we were trying to do in the first place.
3	A nice array of restaurants but not much else here. I was happy to see one nice store near the top, but the rest of the storefronts belonged to expensive restaurants and entertainment (bowling and a movie theater). I think this place could be pretty cool if it had a bit more shopping. It would definitely be more well rounded.
4	Appropriate name since it really does pull together the Charlotte nightlife uptown.  There is a variety of things to do here.  You can go bowling at StrikeCity.  You can eat at Enso or Blackfinn or several other places.  And you can even catch a movie at the theaters located on the second level.  They just put in a Gold's Gym which really comes in handy for those that work and live uptown.I'm certainly a fan!
5	EPIC. The EPICenter. haha- Ate at a few restaurants here. Pretty good.- CVS really close to the hotels- So many BOAs!- Next to the bus stop!- Radio here during a basketball game! win prizes!
5	I LOVE this place just because you just have to walk 100 feet to the next bar!!! I love how the bars are so close and its a fun place!
4	A nice surprise in Downtown Charlotte. Great at night especially in the summer. Nice restaurants a nice place to checkout.
4	It's a great addition for the city of Charlotte! Loaded with fun and nightlife with restaurants, bars and clubs for locals and visitors to enjoy!Some of my friends were in town for the weekend and I took them here so they could see the best of the the city life! They really enjoyed how there were plenty of restaurants and bars to hang out in. The only downside here is parking, it's a little tricky to find and it's going to cost you at least $10...but I guess that's one of the joys to city living! Overall, it's a good variety of things to do and places to eat. Great for a fun night out or when you have friends in town. Look forward to returning again!
4	You know, I'm not a big fan of The EpiCentre in general, but there have been a few things lately that have bumped this "what would have been a 2-3 star" review up to a 4. I know. Pretty ridiculous, but here's why. I'm not gonna touch on the "blah blah blah bar scene, blah blah nightlife, blah blah alive after 5, blah blah clubs," etc. Also, why even bother with the parking situation? If you want to complain, then park elsewhere and walk. Yes, it's expensive. Correct, NO ONE validates. Big deal. What I love is to see who is moving into this space and making it have more hospitable appeal. Cool Offices:Charlotte Hounds (Pro Lacrosse)Charlotte CheckersNew:Studio Movie GrillAnd soon to be more, from what I've heardI'm excited to see this place get a little bit of a facelift from the besmirched record it has from years past. It's nice to see them motioning towards a "family-friendly" atmosphere and some more daytime appeal.
5	so much in one place you don't need to go anywhere else! there is something for everyone and the train drops you off right in the center of it. walking distance to the Cricket arena, shopping, amazing food smells, bowling, movies. It is literally all right there! I may have to come back for a day trip!
3	Let's just say what I love, like and do not enjoy about this place... I'm going to make it easy on all of us... Love:  * Studio Movie Grill- They're working out those server kinks and it's coming along nicely... AND they validate!* Five Guys- There's nothing better than a greasy cheeseburger and fries after a night on the town...* CVS- It works out great when you're out for said night on the town and you forgot something...Like:* Alive After 5- I like hanging out in the cool summer sunshine and there's always a good crowd...* Mortimer's Pub- Their food is actually pretty good!* Cold Stone Creamery- Singing and dancing with ice cream? Yep, I'm on it.Do Not Enjoy:* That stupid cobblestone on the bottom floor- Even while sober, it is treacherous at best... Are you actively trying to help drunken girls break their ankles? You know they're trying to be vixens!* Howl at the Moon- I'm not knocking you if that's your bag, but eh... I'm over it... And there's no food?  Whatevs... Overall, it's okay... Maybe I'm just not their target demographic...  You can't win them all, I guess...
4	A movie theater, a CVS, and a lot of bars and restaurants.  What more do you need when you travel.  I liked this because I was able to get a lot done in one place.  Great place for a weary traveler.
4	Talk about a one-stop shop! The EpiCentre has something for everyone! Restaurants, bars, club, shopping, convenience store, movie theatre, yogurt and even a bowling alley!  It's like a little piece of Times Square right here in center city Charlotte!
4	An entire city block party on a Thursday?!  Why not!  Live music that had top notch performance value.Only reason I took a star away is because I had to fly out the next day and was on my deathbed the whole flight(too much fun i suppose).
4	Seems to be the best place to hangout in Charlotte. Lots of restaurants ranging from low end to high end. Alive after five also takes place here in the summer time featuring live bands and enormous crowds.
4	Venue: EpiCentreDecor:   Various, randomService:   Ok, snobby, more pretentious than what they are, depending on the venue at the complexEnvironment:   During the day, casual. At night - mostly young adults, college ages, have to dress to impress. fake ID's and teeny boppersFood:  Various Prices: Not to expensive to get into certain places.  Huge Pros:  It is mainly outdoors,  When it  is pouring rain, it is somewhat covered so you don't get drenched. multi level.  Bars, eateries, sports entertainmentDebbie Downers:  You can't frequent here at night unless you are dressed casual.  Therefore, do not show up in basketball shorts. Conclusion:   A Centralized location is huge for this place.  Right in the heart of Uptown Charlotte.  Right down the street from public transportation, TWC Arena, provides a variety of restaurants, bars, clubs.  It is cool for mainly the 18-21 crowd though.  Overall: B
4	A one-and-done multi level city center in the absolute heart of Charlotte, the EpiCentre hosts about what feels like a million restaurant options (some easy, others themey, and most upscale and trendy) and surprisingly pretty much zero clothing shops or boutiques. I was very surprised by this, as the design of the EpiCentre is very familiar to other newer downtown gathering places, yet did not provide much in the retail department as the others do.None the less, I think they have the restaurant venue down for sure. So many unique and special places to choose from! The place collects young professionals, singletons, and beautiful people and has the vibe of being a great place to meet new people. When we first visited this past weekend, there was an awesome beer tent sans tent event going on which was a fun surprise.On top of everything, the security team here is amazing! They are very present which makes the place feel so safe and clean, but also laid back and friendly. I would feel comfortable walking around at 2 AM the way they handle their business.
2	The girl at the mall hyped this place up soooo much when we asked her what was it to do in Charlotte. I was disappointed the theater only had a select few movies and I wasn't interested in any of the restaurants that is located there. It was just kind of Blah, but that's just me.
4	Movies, tanning, booze, yogurt, sushi, bowling, gym. You name it... they've got it. All packed in this one place.I could write a book about The EpiCentre, but who has time for that? I'll focus on the key things you should know. The parking deck: is expensive as hell. I recommend taking the light rail. It drops you off right smack dab in the middle of it. Or, park at Fitzgerald's and have a drink there first. They validate for the Wake Forest/Holiday Inn deck right next to it. Short walk to Epi.Best patios (in order): Vida- Great people watching. Plenty of room to sit, relax and enjoy the day/evening Bubble- Directly above Vida. The patio opens up into the bar... so you can order drinks at the window without having to walk inside.Suite- Cool VIP areas available outside. Nice to celebrate for a special occasion or a girl's nightCool things to do:Alive After Five: every Thursday during the Spring/Summer months. HUGE crowd. Live music, outdoor beer and liquor stations, rooftop Pavilion bar takes credit cards. Strike City Mondays: All You Can Bowl for just $15 all day and all night.Tourist-y type spots:Whisky River: Dale Jr's bar. You can ride the bull. Howl At The Moon: Piano barTin Roof: Live musicThat's cool fact #1: former Panther Muhsin Muhammad owns a piece of Wild Wing Cafe.Bar with the least EpiCentre feel to it: Mortimer's. Super cool spot to grab drinks.Oh man the bars are closing and I'm hungry: Five Guys, Libretto's and Moe's all open late nightFinal thoughts: there is dress code. It is enforced.
3	It's kind of cool.  Nice addition to Uptown.  Lots of restaurants with some entertainment options.The restaurants are wide ranging from Five Guy's burgers, Wings, Sushi, Italian, and many other options.  Most are just three star places.  None of the restaurants really separates themselves from other options in Uptown.  There is a movie theater and bowling (StrikeCity) which are cool.I would like to see more shopping options at EpiCenter to keep me there.  After checking the place out for a couple of hours, which included getting lunch there, we ended up roaming elsewhere in Uptown.Note, parking on the weekends at the EpiCenter garage is a little high in comparison to other options close by.  If you go then I would recommend either free street parking or another garage.
4	This really is an epicenter of many different things. You can come here to eat at the variety of food places they have - ranging from fast food to sit-down dining. You can come here to drink and party. You can come here for dessert. You can come here to watch a movie. You can come here to CVS, lol. There is also a gym, bowling alley, movie theater, bank, and a few other shops. It's a one-stop shop for whatever you're in the mood for.
4	Epicentre is a cool place.  It has all of the nightlife you'd want in one location.  I'd say this is great for a smaller city, as it is really convenient, safe, and fun.  But I'd say a large city person (read: new yorkers from new york city) would avoid this place like the plague.  I spent my time at Whiskey River.  It's a large establishment.  Dancing, music, good times.
5	EpiCentre is the only retail destination of its kind in North Carolina, with a diverse mix of restaurant/bars, fast casual food, CVS, a new Aloft Hotel with another hotel coming, a rooftop event space and luxury dine-in movie theatre as well as an upscale bowling alley, both featuring bars. All this in the center of Uptown right on the Lynx light rail line central stop and a new perpendicular streetcar line being built right past the building too. Whether it's a food/latte stop during your workday, a place to grab drinks after work, a destination date/event with others or a central place to stay while visiting Charlotte, the EpiCentre has it all.
4	Fun place to check out! Whether you want a sports bar, dance club, bowling, movies, food, or just a good place to people watch!
3	My brother tried to warn me. This is nothing like DC, or ATL, or even Athens, GA. But, I didn't listen. I guess I assumed Charlotte was a nice mid-size city with plenty to do. My poor brother is awfully bored, and I see why. The EpiCentre seems like the kind of place that is great for teenagers, and out of town family (like myself) to check out while passing through. For residents (like my brother), I can see how this gets old fast. But, alas it's a handful of restaurants (some staple chains can be found), bowling, movies, and night clubs (If you want to call it that). I think with more shopping options this would be a more solid destination.
2	I love that there's a lot of events going on.. I wish they were advertised better. Also I've encountered too many racist encounters with the clubs here such as Suite! EpiCentre is a hit and miss at times... mostly a miss!
3	Oh, the EpiCentre. Where shall I start. When I first moved to Charlotte, you welcomed me with open arms. It was a good relationship. I go to you on the weekends, you entertain me with tons of drinks. I wake up and check my accounts and get pissed. #YoungLove ... Going there sober you notice, in the words of the poet, rapper and avid jail visitor, Christopher Brown, "the EpiCentre ain't loyal". There's a lot to do, bars, restaurants, even bowling and deluxe movie lounge. With so many options though, the crowd it draws is often large and annoyingly diverse. Meaning there's a bunch of variety in the type of people, but none that you would necessarily want to hang out with for longer than 30 minutes unless you're plastered. The bachelorette party with penis beads, the douches with popped collars, the small number of milfs, the large number of non-milfs, the college kids, etc. Following the principles of supply and demand, the drinks are more expensive compared to other neighborhoods which don't draw that large of a crowd. If you're new to the Charlotte area, go to the EpiCentre. Live it up. Ride the mechanical bull at Whiskey River. Wait in line for Bubble only to get in and see that it's empty. Get a late night slice. Do what makes you happy. If you've lived in Charlotte for a while, avoid visiting it regularly (minus Alive at 5). You'll get annoyed. It's fine once every two months, but definitely not an every weekend kind of place.
3	I was here on a Tuesday night because I was in town for an interview.  I am originally from Chicago and as soon as I got off of the elevator from the parking garage I said "oh how CUTE"  It is neat that all of these restaurants and clubs are all in the same place, and you don't have to drive around and around to find parking.  I thought that the CVS in the middle of it all was kind of weird.  I think that if I get the job in Charlotte, this place will become old fast, but hey, they are trying! Right?
3	Avoid this place at late night unless you want to be surrounded by drunks and homeless !!!! Hey great place to visit during the day,you got fancy restaurants,bars,fast casual restaurants ,and even a bowling alley/movie place! Variety of foods to choose from too,from tacos to sushi you name it! Wings,Italian,gyros,and frozen yogurt ! As soon as the night hits, ouuuuuu the wolfs are coming out! Lol just kidding. You get the point! I would give this place a solid 4 stars during the day,at late night probably 1 star.
5	The best place in town. You got your Studio Movie Grill, where you get good entertainment and good food/drinks. You got your Strike City, where you get to bowl drunk. Howl at the moon is the best piano bar, and Whiskey River is a great place for private events. Haven't been to the Vault yet but I bet it's a good place to party. Bubble is pretty good too. The salmon there wasn't the best but good drinks and great service. My favorite restaurant Enso is also at the Epicentre. So all in all it's a great place.And if you're going over for lunch or looking for a sports bar, they have Black Finn, Mortimer's, etc. Plenty for everybody.
3	The EpiCentre has a little bit of everything. Restaurants, shops, clinic, bars, clubs, movie theater, rooftop bar, etc. In my opinion this is a perfect place for newbies, transplants, business travelers, and visitors. It's located downtown, there is plenty of lighting, and security can be easily found.
5	Love the EpiCenter! I always have a blast here. Blackfinn, Suite, and Bubble are some of my favorite places. Looking to avoid paying cover and the crazy crowds? Well Take your boring cheap ass up to Aloft WXYZ lounge and enjoy the stunning view of the city. I will say parking sucks, however.... across the street at "whatever-something" tavern it's $5.
4	I really like the Epicentre. I see it as a one stop shop. You can eat, get drunk, work out, movies, bowling, everything. My only beef is the parking deck. The spaces are way too cramped. I never park my car in there. I have no idea how people avoid getting dinged. My fav places:- Whiskey River- Howl At the Moon- Wild Wing Cafe
2	Epicenter is fun for a while, when you want a variety to go out and have fun. I do believe a couple of the clubs/bars profile people. I have never been profiled but I have seen it happen. They will let one person in who has boots on and another person who has the same type of boots on gets told the boots are not acceptable. Not sure if I'm the only one who noticed that. I don't go down there much anymore. Never quite sure if what me or my boyfriend Is wearing will be approved of. Why pay so much money to park and meet friends when your not sure if you can get in!
