1	NOOOO!!! Don't think about it!!!!Had my windshield replaced by these schmucks. The morons tore up the interior of my car, and damaged a speaker cover. I had to call them about replacing the cover thrice, they finally did, and then I found out that there was a HUGE air leak in the corner. They never fixed the interior trim.They sent out the same first idiots to plug the leak, and they ended up breaking a ton of clips for a covering on my car, ruining the windshield wiper covers, and DOUSING my tweeter in water. I called immediately after they left and got harassed by a "manager" because he just had hip surgery (why is this my fault?!) and couldnt come until a week out!Whatever incentives they offer are not worth the TERRIBLE craftsmanship and poor service. I am exploring my options with a lawyer, and have reported them to BBB.
5	Fast courteous  service.  Tech arrived on schedule, quickly replaced windshield for a good price.  Thanks for an easy transaction.  My other car's windshield is badly pitted and chipped.  Will have SafePro back to replace it when it finally cracks.  This is Phoenix, it should not be long.
5	They just replaced my Honda Civic windshield and I must say that I am very pleased with their service and quality. The window looks great and the service man was very nice. Will be using again and recommending! Also, I shopped around and they are the lowest price I could find.
5	Everything I needed with the lowest price. Unmatched windshield chip repair service and great warranty. Also very courteous and fast service
5	Great customer service.
5	Great Customer Service.  Both the sales representative and technicians who replaced my windshield were very professional and helpful. My windshield was replaced in a timely manner. It was a great experience to work with this company!
5	They were very friendly, showed up on time and worked quickly to get the job done. I was happy with their overall service and will use them again in the future.
5	I had an issue that was dealt with quickly and generously by the owner (Rex) himself. All businesses have challenges and opportunities to do better, but Safepro really is all about customer service and total satisfaction. Thanks Rex and Safepro team.
5	This company is awesome! Bradley the phone salesman was not only professional but personal. Helped me out every step of the way. I thought it was exceptional service when he actually put me in contact with my insurance company and stayed on the line until my claim was complete. No wonder that are rated number one in the sate!!
4	SafePro made my windshield replacement easy and convenient.  Raphael was very accommodating while assisting with the claim process.  It was so easy that my mother decided to get her windshield replaced too!
4	Excellent service, quick replacement, friendly staff!  Work was done professionally and promptly.  I would highly recommend for your windshield repair or replacement!
5	I'm always skeptical but this place made replacing my windshield very easy. In fact it was a one call and done situation.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is like me and doesn't have time to mess around. Plus the mobile service was fast! Great place I love shopping local. Go small buisness!!!
5	Anthony was amazing help and he got me scheduled for same day service and the tech that came out, Brennan was amazing and was very fast and helpful!!!  I had no hassle and everything they did was of the utmost professionalism I have seen and dealt with!!!  Highly recommend them to anyone and everyone!!!
5	Tried another local company that was recommend by my vehicle dealership. The mention of OEM glass was going to cost me $500.00 out of pocket. Then tried the popular national company. They showed up with the wrong glass and could not commit on when the correct glass would be available or when they could install it. Called SafePro, within 20 minutes we have approval from my ins. company, OEM glass ordered and replaced on time and exceeded my expectations.
5	Great customer service.  I called several other companies, including the one my insurance company works with, and no one was able to get me an appointment the following day.  Safepro was able to get me scheduled same day.  Anthony was great, he took extra time to place a 3way call with the insurance company to get the claim taken care of.
5	Love this service fast and always flawless work   My glass looks HD
5	Prompt, friendly and professional. Great job!
5	Great people to work with! I loved how quick and easy the process was to replace my windshield. I highly recommend this company!
5	Very quick, punctual, and overall great hassle free service.
5	Quick and professional. Ashley breezed through the appointment set up and ensured everything was taken care of with my insurance company.
4	Really helpful and friendly service.
5	Joe was absolutely fantastic! They called the insurance for me and did pretty much all of the work. My windshield was installed quickly and efficiently. The man that did it was very quick and did such a great job. He even cleaned the inside and outside of the windshield after installation.
5	Had to have my windshield replaced, and SafePro offered a rebate incentive (not sure what you call it) if I went through them. I was skeptical but needed my windshield replaced regardless, so I called and made the appointment. They conferenced in my insurance company, got everything approved over the phone and had the guys come out the following day. They actually called me earlier than my scheduled time and asked if it was okay if they came right then as they finished another job sooner than expected. I appreciated that they called instead of just showing up early. When they got there, they got right to work and were done really quickly, and everything looked clean and brand new. They explained what I needed to know about not washing/blue tape/etc. and everything was done. I asked about my rebate incentive and they said I'd receive it in the mail in 7-10 business days. I thought I'd have to call and it would be a hassle but as promised, I got the check in the mail in less than 2 weeks. The guys were clean cut and friendly and overall it was much easier than I expected.
5	Great company, they make the process quick and easy while being professional yet personable.  Highly recommend.
5	Very easy to work with.  Quick customer service.
5	This company was super friendly and courteous. They were very accommodating to my crazy schedule. I had to reschedule, and they were on top of everything and made sure everything was the way I needed it. I dealt with several people, and every person had great customer service. When my windshield was replaced, they were on time and they were very fast. The techs were smiling and friendly. I had a really great experience and recommend them to anyone!
5	Did a great job, the person showed up on time and did a great job
5	Excellent customer service. They embody everything great with a small family owned business. I will definitely be a loyal customer from now on!
5	Awesome customer service!!  The reps over the phone were very friendly and helpful! The service was fast and excellent.
5	Quick and easy!
5	Have used them 5 times. Great incentives, and after one issue the owner of the company himself came to fix the issue. Great local business, definitely recommend.
5	Love this locally-owned company!  Everything was handled professionally and promptly from the first phone call through the on-site service to the "how did we do" follow-up.  I highly recommend this company!
5	Great company!!! Very nice and friendly customer service!!! I am recommending them to my friends and family.
5	Excellent company.  They were extremely friendly, making a stressful situation turn around.  This is our second time using their services and both times we have been extremely satisfied.  I would highly recommend them to anyone and am glad that I am supporting a family owned company.
5	Ashley was awesome and knew exactly what to do! Thank you guys for all your help getting my cracked windshield fixed in my Titan. Def sharing your number with friends, family, and coworkers.
5	Great service. Friendly, efficient, timely. Got the job done and staff was a pleasure to deal with. Handled communications with my insurance company and were out within 24 hours to fix my windshield. Would definitely recommend them to all.
5	This is my 2nd Windshield Repair from Safe Pro and Im extremly happy with the Quality of the Glass and Excellent service I called in and Spoke with Ashley She was Awesome very fast and great attitude Thanks Again
5	As a decision maker at a company who has many company vehicles I use SafePro for both our company vehicles and personal vehicles. Maegan and Annie are easy to talk to and very personable!  Their customer service is fantastic!
5	This is the only company I'll go to with my auto glass needs.  They've replace windshields in two of my vehicles and the service, quality and warranty are excellent.  I've recommended them to friends and family and they agree with everything I've said.  I've had windshields repaired and replaced by other companies, but they pale in comparison to SafePro.
5	They were very friendly and we felt like they cared about us and our situation. They were willing to get us the best deal and that helped a lot with our tight budget. I would definitely recommend this glass company to anyone. All around great experience.
5	Professional and Pleasant.  I would recommend their service to my family.  There was little to no effort to getting my windshield replaced.  Thank you SafePro Auto Glass.
5	This was the fastest i have ever had a windshield replaced. They were both very friendly and courteous. I would definately use for any of my vehicles and reccomend to friends and family.
5	The team was so helpful and friendly and the actual glass replacement process was very quick. Everyone I interacted with from the company was great from start to finish!!
5	Easy to schedule, quick & friendly insurance approval, tech showed up on time and did a great job!
5	They Did An awesome Job. On Time Courteous and clean
5	I usually average 1 cracked windshield a year and have gotten my windshield replaced many times since moving here in Arizona. I have used several different companies, but SafePro has by far been the best windshield replacement company I've ever used. First off, setting up an appointment was super easy. Heather was very nice and helpful with getting filing a windshield claim to my insurance company. The technicians came to my office at work and completed the job in the parking lot. Later that day, I noticed that my windshield wiper wasn't completely lined up with the bottom of the windshield where they should rest at. Pete, the operations manager contacted me to follow up on the job, and immediately had a tech come by and fix it! I am extremely pleased with their customer service, especially with Heather, Pete, and Verna. When there was a small problem, they made sure to send someone back out to me and fix it! Those other windshield companies I've used in the past probably would have just denied it was their fault. Whereas SafePro promptly called me and said they will resolve the issue, and they did! I will DEFINITELY be calling SafePro again, when I need another windshield replacement. You've gained my business for life! Thanks you!!!-RM
5	Paul was very friendly and professional. He handled everything for getting my windshield replaced. Very happy with my choice to go with them for my windshield.
5	SafePro Auto Glass was very professional! We had a great stress free experience with everyone we worked with. It's refreshing to work with a company that has great customer service!
5	These guys and gals are awesome. They were really professional, to the point, and very quick. I received a reply back within minutes and my windshield was replaced the very next day, like I had asked. Awesome.
5	very pleasant experience, Paul was very help full, the cost was good, installer was very easy to work with, over all a very good experience
5	Paul was so friendly and genuine. He took to time to get all the details without rushing me. Very professional and friendly.
5	This is the second time I've called SafePro Auto Glass.  Shortly after my first windshield I had another crack :(  But thankfully it was easy as it was the first time to replace it.  :)
5	My car was broken into and my window was broken. Thankfully this company made it very easy to fix the problem!! Thank you!
5	These guys even called my insurance while I was on the phone Stephan is a great guy! Thx for the help.
5	SafePro was great to deal with. Annie handled everything for me and she was very friendly and did everything to accommodate my requests. Gabriel the Tech was also very professional, clean and friendly. Overall great experience!
