4	I really liked Cafe Monte - you can tell even when you walk in that this bakery means business. The pastries are awesome! The people behind the counter are really nice and accomodating. You need to try this place if you are in town and have a sweet tooth - you won't be disappointed!
4	A great new addition to Charlotte- casual dining. The portions are just right, at a good price and there's something for everyone.Service is very slow though.
3	This place looks like your typical cheesy (no pun intended) American take on an Italian eatery, but Cafe Monte is actually pretty good. Super spacious and open, it's got a great atmosphere. A lot of families were there when went there recently, which makes sense: it's in Philips Place, literally right next to that gigantic movie there (and near Upstream). But it wasn't annoyingly family-oriented or anything, so don't worry. Nothing too exciting on the wedding--just your basic Italian fare, but it gets the job done. I had penne a la vodka, my go-to, and it wasn't bad at all. Super affordable, too, which isn't always the case in Philips Place. Again, this place is really conveniently located. If you're headed for a flick, as we were, this is a great place to grab a quick but non-fast-foody meal. Equally good for a post-movie glass of wine or bite. We'll definitely be back.
5	FYI.  This is a French bistro, not a Italian place like some one has suggested.   Beautiful decor complimented with great classic french food.  I've had the Steak ou Pouvire and Duck Confit, which are both fantastic.   My wife have several different version of the crepes. It reminds me of the bistro in Paris or Vienna.  It's a truly refreshing addition to the South Park restaurant scene.
2	The atmosphere was great during Sunday brunch, good mix of people(After church crowd, older, younger, those recovering from Saturday night, etc..) decor was very much French bistro, outdoor seating and forced to walk by the pastries and goodies as your seated inside. The service was lacking.. I will echo the not refilling cups of coffee trend the other reviewers mentioned. The classic eggs Benedict were great and the hollandaise was perfect. The ham and egg croissant was very uninspiring and was served alone on a plate, some fruit or salad would have been nice. Will return to try their fries and onion soup.... to see if that influences my rating.... until then...
1	I lowered my expectations ahead of time since I'd read the other yelp reviews, but Cafe Monte managed to outdo themselves with bad service AND bad food.Our server passed by us several times, and when after 10 minutes I asked pleasantly if my companion and I could please order some water and coffee, he literally rolled his eyes and walked away. Then he served the beverages with no utensils or napkins. I won't quibble with the uninspired menu -- it's Cafe Monte's choice to offer what they wish, and mine to patronize the place or not, based on looking over the menu in advance. But the simple strawberry crepes were stone cold -- not room temp, not chilly, but obviously just plated straight from the fridge and served! (OK, in fairness, they may have been run from the freezer through the microwave on "defrost.")The filling was the same pasty, tan substance as the topping. I thought it might have been a flavored cream cheese but I discovered at first bite that it was neither flavored, cream, nor cheese. Should I have sent it back? If I had seen our server, or any server, I might have. Rather than ask my companion to wait while I attempted a reorder, I nibbled the few slices of strawberries, picked at the crepe itself, and chalked it up to another mediocre suburban restaurant outing. Au revoir, Cafe Monte.
1	I was in Charlotte for the weekend for a wedding. On Sunday, my wife and I decided to have breakfast @ Cafe Monte despite the bad reviews. One review (from June 29, 2009) talked about the slow service. We were seated and served after 10 minutes! I thought this was a good sign. When we received the "Florentine omelette" we ordered, once again we were quite satisfied with the way it looked and it seemed cooked! So far so good, right.Then we started eating! Everything tasted delicious. The hasbrown were great, the meal looked great (check the pictures I added) then I was going for my next cut in the omelette and I noticed something quite strange. A cockroach!! Check the picture And judge for yourself!!I called the waiter, showed him my plate and told him that I wanted to leave. He didn't stop me, of course! The hostess/manager didn't stopped me to offer some well needed damage control pep talk! We left that nasty place but came back to get the owner's information. I think something needs to be dome about that.Anyway, I am leaving the city but it's clear that I will NEVER eat at this place if I ever come back to Charlotte.
1	Despite my terrible experience, I really did appreciate the response I received from the owner of the restaurant, Mr. Smith. He approached me with class and professionalism.I do feel that it was my responsibility to report that incident to the proper authorities who conducted a thorough inspection of the restaurant. It is clear to me that this was an isolated incident that will probably never happen again. The roach or moth (whatever it was) did create quite a situation but I am ready to move on.I wish Mr. Smith, his staff and his establishment all the best.
5	My partner works at 11 a.m. on Sundays, so it's difficult to find a brunch place that opens earlier than 10:00 a.m. so we can enjoy a nice, leisurely brunch.  For that reason alone, we normally just go to the Original Pancake House.  On the drive there, we were reminded of Cafe Monte, a place we had always driven by but never stopped.  We turned into the parking lot and discovered -- what's this? -- they open at some crazy-early hour on Sundays.  We walked in and I was immediately excited, as I was reminded of the French cafe at Epcot, as well as an awesome coffee shop in Chicago.  The restaurant was immaculate and decorated so perfectly, giving it that French feel.  The accompanying, relaxing French music only added to the mood.  We were seated right away.  We walked past the display case of pastries, past the grand counter/bar, and into the dining room full of dark wood accents, large mirrors, and vintage images of Paris.  Already I was glad we had picked Cafe Monte over OPH.  We were greeted promptly by our server and ordered coffee.  The coffee was brought out in small stylish cups and I was worried -- being the big coffee drinker I am -- that it would be a challenge to get refills.  I'm happy to report that not once did our server (or other servers or manager) allow me to see the bottom of my smallish cup.  I went with the Parisian omelette on the menu, which was ham and bacon with your choice of cheese.  Naturally, I chose brie.  We were in a French restaurant, right?  It was full of ingredients and very flavorful.  The brie really accented it.  Served with it was a thick round hashbrown patty, a small bowl of fresh fruit, two slices of -- ta da! -- toasted French bread, and whipped butter and freshly made (?) jam.Everything was absolutely perfect about our experience that I can't say enough about it.  The pricing was slightly more than you might normally pay for brunch, but it was totally worth it.  The atmosphere, the service, and the food were everything that I needed for an awesome brunch experience, so I'd gladly pay the couple extra dollars.  Thanks, Cafe Monte!  We'll be back!!
3	i'm kinda obsessed with they're soups!!!! dislike the servers and they're arrogance but the soup I love!!
4	A lovely Paris-style bistro, I would never have found Cafe Monte without Yelp help. A fantastic looking selection of pastries in the counters and excellent coffee. Quiet French music plays in the background. Tables are pretty well spaced which makes for a nice environment.I stopped by looking for something different for brunch and I was pleased. My "Parisien" omelet was served with bacon and ham and brie (though not much brie), a small bowl of fruit and a potato hash-brown casserole. All was delicious and the coffee was refilled often - by five cups, I was well caffeinated.The ladies at the next table had a small problem with their meal and it was handled very well not only by the kitchen staff but by the waitress who just happened to be stopping by at the time with more coffee. (Something about an egg white omelet that looked like it had the cheese that she didn't want.)Would I return? Yes. It was good food and it was served well.
4	Solid, affordable brassiere fair served in a comfy, airy space trying its hardest to look vintage Paris. I'm about as comfortable at Phillips Place as Billy Graham is at a "bama rally, but the staff did a perfect job of chilling me out and filling my tummy.Noteworthy: The ratio of women-to-men the entire time we were eating hovered at about 20-to-1. Which I found extremely amusing. Another fun moment: when the staff and tables surrounding a 10-member elderly ladies meet-up all hushed and waited for them to finish saying grace. Tehehe.We chose what we assumed would be lighter entrees - his was the open faced veg sammich, mine the quiche florentine (10 and 9, respectively). I've never had a slice of quiche like the slice I had today - they somehow managed to make fondue into a pie. It was amazing, but not in any way a healthy choice, although the side salad helped to balance it out a little. His was equally surprising - although it appeared light on the butter fats, it had a hidden decadence that we both found interesting and irresistible. The frites were insanely thin and perfectly fried. Awesome. I'm going to have to try the pizza and benedicts, but maybe on a saturday when I can take a long nap afterwards. Ya.I think I'd be tempted to give Monte's a fifth star but for one thing; the coffee. Anyone that's been to France knows how seriously the baristorial arts are taken there - and if you're going to go French Bistro as intensely as Monte is trying to, your coffee had better be up to snuff. My au lait  was not satisfactory - tasted cheap, stale, and like it had been made with skim milk. Not a problem with construction but ingredients. And $3.
3	My husband and I recently enjoyed a quiet weekend with just one (instead of three) kiddos so we decided to brave breakfast out on a Sunday morning. We arrived shortly after 10 am and were seated promptly. Although we were quickly handed a children's menu and a high chair we were not given crayons. I ran back to the car to scour for some to occupy our 2 year old while we waited for food. The menu included breakfast and lunch choices. They all looked delicious. My husband chose the eggs benedict, I chose a farmhouse country breakfast and we ordered a nutella crepe with fruit off the children's menu. Our food was quite good but not spectacular considering the $40 tab. I plan to go back in the evening in a few weeks for a girls' night out so I am hoping for something a bit more exciting. All in all, I would consider this a dependable place to get good food and decent service in a convenient South Park location, but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to eat here.
3	Last night i went with a party of nine to Cafe Monte.  The service seemed off.  Granted the server was busy, but it took about 20 minutes for him to get back for our orders after bringing our wine.  The entree also came out well after we were finished with our soups and salads.  They also seemed to be out of several things like mussels,  wines and one of the specials.Service aside, the food was pretty great.  I started with an endive salad with blue cheese and pecans.  It was perfectly balanced with a sweet Dijon dressing.  For my entree I enjoyed a crab and lobster crepe in an herbed cream sauce.  It was delicious.  Next time i am in Charlotte, i would love to try this little bistro again.
2	I really wanted to like Cafe Monte...some of my friends just rave about it.  On a recent trip for Saturday brunch, however, my omelet my was nothing short of tasteless.  My friend wasn't impressed with her meal either.  I may try it again, but only not for brunch.
3	It was my first time for lunch here today, and the interior decor is nice, they have some beautiful artwork. The bar area is nicely decorated with a big wine shelf. It is also a spacious restaurant with lots of tables...and they have outdoor seating as well. There is a piano on the left as you walk in, so I'm wondering if they ever have someone play it in the evenings. I got the most expensive thing on the menu just for the fun of it: crab & lobster crepes. It was just okay, I was sort of disappointed. Service is great though. Good hours, open pretty much all day every day except Sunday, I believe...I don't recommend the crab & lobster crepes, the crepe and the stuffing came separately and didn't taste all that great.
1	I've been here for lunch and found the food ok, the service less so. Mainly, I've come because of the outpost of Amalie's bakery. Still, I was excited to hear about the breakfast hours and made the rush-hour trek to try it out. Unfortunately, doors locked, lights off, nobody home. I don't know who posted the breakfast information but, if they are going to start serving in the mornings, they haven't yet. One start for getting me out into the rush hour.
3	Really cute decor on both the interior as well as the exterior. Great place for business meetings/lunches as well as casual or dressy lunches, brunches and/or dinner with family and friends. Food was moderately priced french-cuisine. Dessert display was impressive and wait staff was both friendly and attentive :)
3	Every time we visit Charlotte, we inevitably end up back at this old time fave for a French bistro meal before or after shopping in this tony area.  Cafe Monte has the look and the feel right with the woven back chairs, the dessert case resplendent with French pastries, and waiters dashing about with long black aprons.  Our hosts over Thanksgiving love to come here for a monthly tasting of French wines, which sounds like a fun evening the last Tuesday of every month.  We just love to come for brunch, lunch, or dinner!  Expect everything to come in a cream sauce and just go with it, even if it is the day after Thanksgiving!  Their salads, pomme frites, savory crepes and even their pizzas are very good.  Since we had homemade apple pie at home to finish, we somehow managed to depart without trying any of the pastries.  I've saved those to try on our next visit along with the duck confit pizza I should have ordered instead of the very tasty pizza margherita.
4	We popped in for lunch and it was our first time. We had their "house" Boudreaux and it was excellent, we split a duck-goat cheese- wild mushroom pizza and it was wonderful, for our entree we had the tuna melt and pommes frites!
2	Gosh I really want to like this place more.  I want it to either taste better or cost less.  As it stands, the food is decent, not outstanding, and the price is certainly high.  This past Sunday we took all four of the cherubs out to breakfast.  We arrived promptly at nine am and were quickly seated.  Kiddos were presented with a menu - white paper - no crayons, of course.  They only pretend to want children to eat here.  We ordered two kids meals (nutella crepe with fruit on the side) and one of my children ordered off of the adult menu.  I ordered an omelette - the waiter suggested brie cheese - I agreed and it was an excellent choice.  My husband did not like his egg benedict breakfast - he said it was really bland.  The potato cake they served with the breakfasts was also bland. however my daughter loved it.  I have had the nutella crepes before and I loved them but they were only so-so this morning.  My kids were well behaved, everyone ate well, and all was good ... until we got the bill. Over $70.  Really?  My husband asked that I please, please, never let us eat here for breakfast again.  Agreed.
5	Delicious fresh prepared food with a French flair. Walking through the door one forgets they are in a suburban strip mall surrounded by chain steak houses and the mall. Cafe Monte is as close as you can get to an authentic French cafe in the queen city. Our table ate:1. Smoked ham crepes. Perfection with a generous dollop of cream.2. Kids crepes with nutella and strawberries. Um, can't go wrong with chocolate and strawberries.3. French country breakfast. Includes hash brown, sausage, toast, eggs. Traditional fare, but with flair.4. Eggs benedict - this also included the hash browns and eggs were poached to perfection.Food was delivered within 5 minutes of ordering on a busy Sunday, service was always there with water and coffee refills.This is a gem of a brunch spot. Can't wait to try their lunch menu.
5	One of my favorites in Charlotte!  This is my go-to place when I want a guaranteed delicious meal.  I love sharing the cheese and fruit plate or yummy hummus as an appetizer, or having any of their delicious salads to myself.  My favorite main course is the basil pesto penne with chicken--never disappoints!  Other favorites are the seafood crepes and pizzas.  This is also a great place for brunch.  Think french toast, delicious omelets, and eggs benedict.  I've also enjoyed (way too) many desserts.  You could easily come for the coffee and bakery treat alone.  They often have live jazz music which makes the atmosphere even more fun.  This is a perfect date night spot and also great to get a group of friends together.  I'd recommend Cafe Monte to everyone!
4	ate outside on their small sidewalk.Inside looked very nice, but the weather was too niceI was pleased with the food and the desserts were sinfully delicious.
3	Cafe Monte is a favorite among several friends, and I have had some exceptional experiences here, and some experiences i wish I could get in a time machine and avoid, hence the mediocre stars which regresses to the mean. The ambiance tries to evoke a Parisian bistro atmosphere which is mostly succeeds at.  It benefits from a great location in SouthPark. Typical entree prices are about $12-14.Here's my advice to have a 5 star experience:  1) Get the crepes. I don't care if you want a sandwich, or a plain old eggs breakfast. Forget it. Get the crepes. Best savory crepes in Charlotte, hands down. I have had the chicken coq-au-vin special crepes and they were OMG.  I also had the shrimp and artichoke crepes with lemon creme and they were similarly amazing. As in "I don't care if I gain 10 pounds from this one meal, I'm finishing every last bite".  2) Go on a weekday or a late weekend lunch. Forget going on a nice sunny brunch. We went once and literally were there for 2+ hours and our food (regular eggs) took 1.75 hours to prepare after we finally got our order in. It just is jammed, and the kitchen apparently doesn't know how to deal with it. Their quiche is pretty good, and their dessert is OK, but crepes are the standout. I wish Crepe Cellar had savory crepes as good as Cafe Monte. Maybe I might come back when they have jazz?
3	Eddie's Place had a long wait, from the look of the crowd waiting outside...so I searched for another place to try and came here. The wait was about 20 minutes.I had something simple, the French Country Breakfast. Scrambled eggs, sausage, multi-grain toast and a skillet potato. It was good!When I arrived, I saw they serve alcohol. That was a plus! I like mimosas with breakfast/brunch.The only fail here that I experienced is that the server brought to me the wrong check and I had to wait a few extra minutes.
3	I was very excited to try Cafe Monte I can't really give a full review since I didn't eat a real meal here so I'll be back soon.  The outdoor patio is very nice and the service was excellent.  The desserts when you walked in looked amazing (note to self for my next visit).  The menu had the traditional french dishes and they had a nice special on a Prosecco which was just what I was in the mood for.  I opted for the endive salad I would highly recommend it was delicious and shared a meat and cheese plate that was nothing spectacular and fairly pricey.  I'm coming back to try some mussels for sure and maybe brunch:)
4	Good food, decent prices and great service. We went to Cafe Monte with a couple friends on a Tuesday night. They were having there special food and wine pairing that I guess they have once a month. Unfortunately, you do have to reserve a seat for the evening so we were not allowed to participate. I am not sure if it is worth the $55 they charge for it or not. We started off with their cheese and aged meat appetizer ($16) which was delicious. Our food came a little to quickly as we were not even finished with the appetizer when the food arrived. My wife had their special. It was four seared scallops over a real meaty lobster risotto ($26). Her meal was absolutely phenomenal. My friends had the basil pasta with chicken and the crab and lobster crepe ($22). There honestly was not anything overly special with the pasta but it was good. I believe it is the cheapest thing on the menu for $16. The crepe was not visually appealing at all but made up with it with the taste. It had a good portion of crab that made it really good. I had the duck confit with fingerling potatoes and brocollini ($24). The dish was sub par. Duck should be crispy on the outside skin and moist inside. however it was the opposite. The skin was not crisp and the inside was dry. I tried to compensate the dryness with the sauce but it just didnt work well. The server was fantastic and asked what I wanted instead. I had the steak with frittes. It came with a NY cut steak and frittes. She did not charge me for the steak so I do not know the price. Although it was good it was nothing special and I would probably not order it again there. We did not have dessert but you can actually see all there desserts as they have a little pastry counter. Their tiramisu looks really good. Ultimately, not all the food was stellar but I would go back and have that scallops with lobster risotto anytime.
4	Ive been there for dinner and breakfast. Breakfast is great ( croque madam is the way to go) and dinner is yummy as well, great wine and sometimes they have live piano playng.The chocolate ECLAIR is the best I've tried in my entire life. amazing, amazing, amazing!
4	Quickly becoming one of my favorite places in Charlotte. I love the atmosphere and the food is DELICIOUS. I love to sit at the beautiful white marble counter on Saturday morning and have brunch with my husband.
5	I love a place where you can get great food but at the same time be able to relax and enjoy the company your with while you wait for it to come out. On our first trip there for dinner my wife and I were first taken by the openness and decor of the restaurant and as we looked around you could slowly begin to hear the music playing in the background. "We need to come back here again," was our first reaction before we even tried the food. I had the steak and frites and they were incredible. An even better reason for coming back again. We tried brunch on Sunday morning recently and instead of waiting the 10 - 15 minutes we decided to sit at the marble topped bar and enjoy the morning. Again a phenomenal time and we had a chance of discovering a different part of the restaurant and the time someone had taken to try to make it feel warm, inviting, and almost cozy. They succeeded.
2	Decent food, but nothing special. Service, on the other hand, is enough to keep me from EVER giving them another chance for my business. We sat outside to enjoy the great weather, it took more than 5 min to get water, another nearly 10 for the server to even take our drink order. Lunch itself was slow in coming. Generally, we were made to feel as though our patronage was an inconvenience to them. Judge for yourself, but you've been well advised. Then again, maybe this was just an example of their faux french hospitality!
4	I like Cafe Monte a lot, I am not sure why there are so many mixed reviews. The waiters may seem indifferent at times (possibly this is part of their French ambiance) but I have never had bad service here. They have started being open for breakfast again. They serve European (read excellent) coffee. Their side salads at lunch are really good as are their sandwiches. They have a frequent eater card but I am not sure what it does.If you or your friends are in the mood for a French experience then this is the place to go in Charlotte. They just started offering all you want moules on Mondays, they are very good.
3	French stuff intimidates me--Chanel, Bastille Day, their food, wine, accents and the list goes on. But once again I was introduced to a new place thanks to my bff, Groupon. I went here the other day for breakfast and it was decent. I split the eggs benedict (quite tasty) with another Yelper while sipping on coffee....when we could get refills that is . Even though there were only three other times in the place (so want to say joint but thought I would class it up a bit), our waiter seemed to be MIA most of the time.  You know what would make this place better? A little person who goes by the name of Monte walking around to each table in a striped shirt, beret and thick mustache while reading french poetry. Cmon, how can that not make you smile??
1	Love love love the lobster salad. However the service is so slow and horrible that I will only get takeout. Too bad because it's a great location and you would expect amazing service in a more upscale area.
3	Ok well maybe I was a little harsh because the service is usually good maybe a little snooty one time but I've waited tables before and maybe he had an off day. Food is good and that's what it's about in the end.
1	I'm in Charlotte for business and asked the staff at the front desk for restaurant recommendation.  She enthusiastically recommended CM.  I was very disappointed.  The service was terrible. I asked to tell me what most people (regulars) ordered when dining there.  He replied "steak, chicken, fish.". I said I wanted to know what items the ordered from the menu.  He pointed to the Trout.  What a jerk.  He brought my dish, which came 5 minutes after I ordered & was not very appetizing in presentation or taste.  I ordered the wild mushroom & chicken crepes... Not good.  I left him a 10% tip which was over tipping.Wish I had gone to PF Changs instead.Beautiful city however, I wish I was staying longer.
4	Am I in France? Am I in Charlotte? I'm so easily confused after entering the doors of Cafe Monte and I love it. Talk about a restaurant that doesn't make you feel like you're sitting in SouthPark! Let me preface this review by saying that I work close to Cafe Monte and by close I mean a mere 3 floors in the up direction. I've been to Cafe Monte many a time. On some occasions its for a quick cup 'o joe (skip this if you can because their regular coffee isn't the greatest), on others its for a to-go box of french fries (no judging) and last night it was to part-take in my first dinner experience.For the sake of this review and your time I'm going to focus on din-din. For a Thursday night it was pretty packed so my thoughts are to make a reservation if you can. You're always greeted with a smile that makes you feel like you've come home after a long vacation. I love it. The atmosphere plays a big part of love for this French inspired bistro. Oh oui, it does. My dinner experience was a part of Charlotte's restaurant week so again, I could sample a few different things which I love.Decisions, decisions! There were too many good ones to choose from. Do I go Coq au Vin (they're specialty), the short ribs (a big fave of mine) or the scallops (mmmm scallops)!?!? In the end I went with the scallops as my mainer and started with the tomato bisque. The bowl of soup was a little on the large side but I apparently had no problems polishing that sucker off. The scallops can on a bed of roasted zucchini and summer squash risotto. Can you say YUM?!? I didn't manage to get through it all but I noticed my fellow dining companions managed just fine with someone looking pained as to whether or not they could lick the plate.We had a d-lish vino (from the headache I'm feeling today, it was a bit too d-lish).My thoughts: GO. GO NOW. It's a great hidden gem off the beaten track.
4	We went for brunch today, and it was our first time visiting Cafe Monte.  I was immediately impressed by the atmosphere - it feels like a French cafe complete with a pastry case, and it was great for lounging and slowly waking up on a Sunday morning.  We got the Benedict Monte, which was delicious on a croissant instead of the traditional English muffin, and the French Country Breakfast, which the chef very nicely substituted egg whites for the eggs.  The coffee was delicious, and the service was friendly.  The $30 price tag was a little more than some breakfast/brunch places, but it was definitely worth it!  We'll definitely be back.
3	You know those restaurants you go to, eat at, aren't particularly thrilled or disappointed, and the restaurant kind of just disappears from memory?  This is how I felt about Cafe Monte the first time I dined about one year ago. Service was on the slowish side, and the croque madame was like something I could make at home.  It was good, but not memorable enough to go back for another one.  I recently went back for take-out,  after a French onion soup craving.  To my surprise, the menu had expanded and now included some items like a lobster Louie salad, which I was so looking forward to, paying an $16 for.  A good crab Louie on the West Coast is well worth $16. Unfortunately, it wasn't worth it here.  The soup was pretty standard to be honest.  Granted it was takeout, so the soup wasn't steaming, but even if it were served fresh from the kitchen, the cheese would at least have a nice golden brown coloring to it.  The cheese on this thing was white as white/pale yellow as can be. I would pay $4 for a cup of this stuff...not $7. Moving on to the salad.  I was more than bummed.  The Louie usually has avocado, hard boiled eggs and sometimes asparagus and some other variations, depending on where you get it. Here at CM, there was just leaves...and chopped lobster meat.  The lobster was plentiful, don't get me wrong, but it was as tough and bland as rubber pencil erasers. I felt ripped off.  I could envision the chef taking salad leaves out of a bag, and sprinkling pre-boiled lobster on top. Hmm, so far not so good. At the time I was HON-gree, so I ate both. On to dessert. The dessert case here is beautiful.  There was french macaroons and coconut macaroons, various croissants and fruit tarts, and a bottom row of cakes. I chose a slice of carrot cake, and a blueberry muffin to take home to my husband who likes a good blueberry muffin. I'll tell you.  The cake could very well have been from COSTCO.  No, wait, the COSTCO carrot cake is better.  I'm not kidding.  This one was dry and the only saving grace was the frosting, which moistened things up. The blueberry muffin too was dry as if it weren't fresh. (It was $5 badly spent, and I was mad at myself.)TIP: I should have asked if they made their pastries in-house, or bought them from someone else.  Also ask when they were made. The saving grace?  My kind server who prepped my to-go order, gave me two free French macaroons. Were they light and tender on the inside? Yes.  The shells, nice and crisp? Indeed.  The flavor?  Very off. I think a good macaroon should have a distinct flavor, and if you don't know what flavor it is, could recognize it. I couldn't tell if it was apricot or honey...heck, it could have been ground beef flavored, and I wouldn't have known. The reason I give CM 3 stars versus 2, is the good service I got the second time around from the server and man at the host stand.  The order was about 7 minutes late.  (I called and was told it would be 20 minutes, it ended up taking 27 minutes. Hey, my car has a timer in it so I took note!) The ambiance is quite nice, very Parisian. I've heard nice things about their brunch and perhaps it's true.  For dinner, these two items which are pretty difficult to get wrong, fell short.  The star count could go up if perhaps CM thought of itself like a bistro, and lowered their prices.  Focusing on a few really great items and making things more consistent. Go if you have a BOGO coupon from one of those coupon books or group-buying sites.  I would spend my $ on LuLu if you really wanted some French.
5	I don't know what I was waiting for. I wanted to try this place for two years before Groupon finally got me in the door. I now regard those two years of my life as having not been lived to their full potential. With one meal Cafe Monte instantly became my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Everything is as it should be from the decor to the food and service.  I took my girlfriend there for dinner and our reactions to everything we had ranged from satisfied to blown away. The hors d'oeuvre of hummus and olives was good but not extraordinary, as olives and hummus are difficult to mess up but incapable of ever being good enough to change one's life. For our main course she had the trout amandine, which instilled in her the conviction that the inclusion of capers in a recipe doesn't necessarily ruin it. I had the steak au poivre which I had trouble deciding if I should eat slowly, savoring every rapturous morsel or rub all over my body while drooling like Homer Simpson with a box of donuts and crying tears of joy. I trust you'll share my girlfriend's (and no doubt, the other diners') relief that I opted for the former. However, I make no promises that future meals at Cafe Monte will be enjoyed with such restraint.  While the desserts looked outstanding, we simply couldn't take another bite. I ended the meal with a cafe au lait while my girlfriend finished her wine. As should be expected from a French restaurant, the coffee was what coffee should be: espresso, or at the very least, French press. Perhaps they have drip coffee too. I wouldn't know. I stopped reading as soon as I saw cafe au lait. So I'll be back for sure. In fact, should I ever find myself on death row, Cafe Monte will need well-rested chefs, a fully stocked kitchen and the catering van gassed up to deliver my last meal. I'm totally serious! It may be a little pricier than I'm usually willing to pay for, but hey. It wouldn't be my money. In the immortal words of the Kids in the Hall sketch, "Screw you, taxpayer!"
5	I love breakfast.  I especially love eggs, with warm, runny yolks, oozing over some variety of carbohydrate ... mm mm.Eggs.Ok, I digress.  Do you know what else I like? I like Cafe Monte.  Why? Because they fed me some excellent eggs.  We had been wanting to try Cafe Monte for quite a while, and once we discovered that they were in our Citipass (the best $25 you can spend, btw), we decided to give them a go for a late Saturday morning breakfast.The restaurant's space itself is beautiful.  It has a turn-of-the-century Paris vibe that really sets the mood for the food.  Our waiter was helpful and polite in an unobtrusive way that seemed peculiarly French.  Mind you, I've never been to France, so that's a statement of instinct.Let me not forget the food, for it was delicious.  I ordered the Benedict Monte, with two beautifully poached, wispy eggs, ham, tomato, asparagus, potatoes, and Hollandaise sauce, served with a croissant.  It was fabulous.  Though our Citipass voucher is now spent, we will return to Cafe Monte at full price with no hesitation at all.
4	A girlfriend and I grabbed lunch at Cafe Monte a while back and I'm happy to say it was solid. The best French cuisine in Charlotte? No. But a nice lunch choice if you're in SouthPark? Oui!With French cafe cute insides, Cafe Monte hosts really great, attentive service and a nice array of items. I haven't been yet for an a.m. or p.m. meal, so I'll just focus on my lunch. I went with the B.L.T. with a side salad - damn good bacon, soft yet crunchy bread and a light touch of mayo, exactly the way I asked for it. The side salad was fresh albeit a bit heavily dressed. But I have to note that my friend's french fries were outstanding. I couldn't keep my paws off of those hot little frites. Good thing she shared! I definitely want to head back to Cafe Monte and try some more deliciousness.
4	Good food and service.  The live jazz was good and not too loud.  Overall atmosphere was comfortable.
4	Last Saturday, my husband and I stopped here for brunch and we really enjoyed it.  The ambiance in this place transports you to a cute Parisian cafe and gives you a full French experience.  On top of that, their service was great.  I really enjoyed my cafe au lait but wasn't too thrilled with my florentine omellette.  The omelette wasn't all that flavorful and it definitely needed more gruyere.  On the other hand, my husband's fruit de mer omelette was amazing!  The flavors of the crab, smoked salmon and lobster complemented each other quite nicely.  We will definitely be coming back to see how their dinner menu holds up!
1	How does this place stay in business? After having an acceptable lunch, we decided to try it for dinner. My beef dish was inedible, the red wine served warm, the hummus refrigerator cold, and everything else at best mediocre. It's a very nice looking restaurant, but after this experience, and after talking with several other people who have also made the major mistake of trying to eat there, we will not be back.
5	I've never been to France.  I know people who have, and I know people who grew up in France, but from the stories I've heard, Cafe Monte sounds like it could exist quite easily on many Parisian corners. It's casual and sophisticated at the same time, unobtrusive and genuine. And the food is killer.Cafe Monte has become my favorite brunch location.  Their cuisine is in the country French style: very comforting, a light hint of French sophistication, and features ingredients you would easily expect to find on the farm or at the market. My first venture included the Benedict Monte, a hybrid concoction that seems to fuse the French and American versions of this dish into a delightfully delicious meal. Soft, crunchy English muffins, oozing eggs, and a smooth Hollandaise.  I've also tried the French country breakfast, which is equally amazing. The coffee is great, too - nothing over the top, just good tasting lattes and coffees.If the lunch and dinner offerings are just as good, I could see visiting here very often.
3	Came here for dinner with a gifted groupon. Definitely make a reservation if you plan on coming on a Friday or Saturday night, as you may be waiting a while. Luckily, I preemptively took my own advice and came with reservations.We ordered the duck confit and the chicken and mushroom crepe. While waiting, we were served a freshly baked loaf of bread, which was fantastically gooey on the inside. Good bread is hard to come by, an this one impressed me (5 stars!).While waiting for the food, we had the chance to check out the ambiance. Two things stuck out in my mind: noise and clientele.  Most notable was the noisy buzz of music and talking. Whereas many movies may romanticize French restaurants as quiet establishments with perhaps a soft piano, Cafe Monte was buzzing with life jazzy music and rather loud conversations and unruly drunken laughter from a neighboring table. This made talking with my companion difficult to the point of leaving with a raspy throat. I would have preferred a more relaxing and quiet environment.Secondly, we both noticed the rather stuffy clientele. Many (boarding of most) men were dressed in 3 piece business suits and ladies in fancy evening gowns. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with having a fancy night out, but there was an air of pretension that seemed out of place. Cafe Monte is a nice restaurant, but it ain't the Ritz. It made for some fun people watching, particularly when we added our own voice over, but overall contributed to making us feel under-dressed (despite wearing a nice button-down shirt and slacks). The food came out in generous portions, laded in butter and cream. The chicken and mushroom crepes were pretty good (4 stars), but the guilt of all that creamy sauce comes fast. I defy you to finish all of it. The duck confit was a little above (3.5 stars), but broccoli over-salted (coming from a lover of salt).We both left with a feeling of 'meh': by no means bad, but not exactly memorable. We also agreed that a much needed run was needed the following day and that we didn't feel the need to return. I will say that I may have since had some impure thoughts regarding that bread of theirs.
4	Very nice French-style Bistro. Went for dinner. I had the Steak Frites, and they were more than happy to substitute the green beans (now known somewhat pretentiously in the French vernacular as "haricot vert" - duh, green beans in French!), which are not my favorite, with very yummy wild mushrooms! Steak was a NY Strip, again not my favorite (I'm a ribeye guy) but it was good and cooked medium per my order. However, they gave you a choice of Bernaise or Au Poivre sauce, and I chose the Bernaise. MOST EXCELLENT! Very buttery (Hollandaise base) so good choice! My wife had the Beef Shortrib, and that was yummy too. The taste reminded me of a really good potroast (but up a few notches). The wine special was a Chilean Cab for only $22! In a nice restaurant like this, $22 for a good cab IS a find by anyone's standard (wine snobs excluded). For desert we had their house-made Mousse, which was really good! Very chocolat-ey (is that a word? I'm using it anyway).Our service was excellent, with a very attentive but not overbearing waitress. Food was served hot and was delicious AND very affordable! French Bistros in the bigger cities (NY, Chicago, LA) are MUCH more expensive. Our dinners were just over $20!!! Coming from Las Vegas, THE MOST EXPENSIVE food town in the US (YES, it IS!), our meal would have been more than DOUBLE in LV.So overall, a VERY good meal and affordable! Definitely a must return!
3	I was really hoping to like Cafe Monte, but I didn't because - the first impression was ruined by our interaction with the hostess, who just seemed so disinterested in her job. Not that she wasn't attending to us, but there was no pleasant greeting, or even a smile on her face. The food tasted good, but it was the absolute opposite of healthy. I had the shrimp and artichoke crepe w/ spinach and bechamel. I was expecting there to be a little bit of the cream sauce around the crepe, but the entire crepe, all the shrimps, spinach and artichokes was dunked in the bechamel sauce! I enjoyed the first bite, but after that I was just filled with guilt, and couldn't finish the entire dish. Same with the vegetarian crepe that my friend ordered. The club sandwich tasted great too, but only for the first two bites until your mouth and throat were coated with all the butter / oil from it. Now on to the good things: I had heard that they are usually pretty slow with their service, so we sat at the bar, and fortunately avoided the slow service :) The waitress was attentive and sweet. The owner was walking around, and was very sweet too. I really really wish they'll improve their food and make it a wee bit healthier, and when i read a review that says that, I'll be sure to go back there!
3	Food is ok. I had risotto and that's hard to pull off. The flavors were off and it was bland. I feel like the food is well cooked but not flavorful everytime Ive been there. The deserts are perfect so just for coffee and tea it's fine. I felt like I was under dressed and I was wearing a skirt and cardigan...it was lots of stuffy old ladies who lunch and I defintely felt a little up turned nose my way by the wait staff. The menu is puzzling because of all the Italian food on a French menu. Wtf? I did enjoy it for my couponed price and might be back for carrot cake but maybe to go.
2	Cafe Monte is an excellent brunch spot for those with discriminating taste buds and small appetites.  I arrived with excitement and left hungry.  I know they are going for a "French" feel...but it just isn't my place of choice.  I will say our waiter was  GORGEOUS  and the piano man kept me entertained...a no go in the future.
2	I wanted to love this restaurant from the moment I walked in.  A Sunday brunch with friends let me experience the ambiance, delicious food, great pastries (thanks Amelie's), and rocking bloody mary's.  From this description alone you'd expect a 5 star rating, but with this restaurant it's the service which destroys it.  It often times feels like you're playing Russian Roulette with a 4 bullets loaded.  I just don't understand it.The first time we went it was magical.  The second time we went (also with another couple) the service began to show its wear and tear.  All the other times were a toss up between amazing and atrocious with no indicators to give you advance warning.The last straw for me came after a very difficult day in which my wife and I were hoping Cafe Monet could turn it around.  From the first impression we could tell the waitress would rather be having a root canal than take our order.  This wasn't the first time we'd encountered that look in Cafe Monte, but with an almost empty restaurant (we went in early) you think she'd want to milk every ounce of tip she couldAttitude dripped from her monologue and our lack of alcoholic drink orders brought a sigh to her lips.  All I wanted, nay... craved, was a chocolate croissant and an almond croissant warmed up.  This was the text book definition of a SIMPLE order.  I'll give you a second to figure out what happened next.She screwed it up.  She gave me a chocolate croissant and then an almond chocolate croissant.  She didn't care less about the screw up.  After tasting the incorrect almond croissant I asked for the correct one to be brought out.  She snagged the plate and then disappeared.  Actually, most of the time she was disappeared which is an amazing feat for an empty restaurant.When the correct croissant finally came out it was cold.  C'mon.... seriously?  I asked for it heated up and received barely lukewarm.  Suffice it say, my tip reflected her total lack of caring.  I'm done with this place.  If I want French I'll go to Georges Brasserie and if I want pastries then I'll go to Amelie's.
5	This place is pretty much neck and neck with Georges. Great food and service, nice atmosphere. The beef wellington and duck pizza are great.
5	This is 1 of 2 of my favorite breakfast spots in Charlotte. I like it because while they have the usuals of eggs and waffles (both with a twist you won't find in diners), the French inspired menu gives Cafe Monte a uniqueness I haven't found elsewhere in town. Crepes, quiche, great espresso, even steak & frites are all good bets.
5	I thought $6.00 was a lot for french beer, but the bartender sold me (only three beers on tap and one was Stella A).  I was not disappointed, beer was great, with a hint of cinnamon. We had a large party, so we had to remind the waitress for more bread and she forgot a few drink orders, but she was friendly. I had beef over mashed potatoes and it was succulent, tender to the touch. Everyone was raving about the salmon, which looked good.  The creme brulee is awesome, I tasted the chocolate mousse , which was good but the brulee was great.  Tables are a bit close together, so I would not plan on a quiet conversation unless you go late afternoon.
4	Loved our dining experience.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Great menu and knowledgeable waitress (we had questions, it was our first time).  We ordered the Brie en croute as our appetizer and it was delicious. When its my first time at a resturant I usually ask what the most popular items are on the menu and choose one of those.  Trust ME, you will not be disappointed whatsoever with the Trout Amandine!  Scrumptious!  My partner orderd the Lobster and Crab Crepes and it disappeared rather quickly.  Dessert?  We decided to share. Raspberry Lemon Charlotte....very lemony, but dry...it did taste like it had sat in a case for awhile.  Overall, great place, I have become a fan and will most assuredly return again.
3	They do some things well but a few problems drag down the overall rating for me. On our most recent visit there was no one to greet us and we had to wait for a little while for someone to seat us in a nearly empty restaurant at 11:20 AM. Once seated everything was fine, the waiter was good and the service fast and not "overbearing" My biggest problem with Cafe Monte is the inconsistency of the food. We have been 3 or 4 times, it has ranged from fantastic to meh...our most recent visit was ok. my quiche was good but nothing special, mushroom soup was good, frites could have been better. My wife's pulled pork french dip was not bad but a little soggy and too much bread which was a little greasy. we were offered a couple of uninspired dessert choices but as we left, noticed some lovely pastries in the case. We would have ordered some of those had they been offered.  All in all, it's OK but I long for a great French Restaurant in Charlotte.
4	I've been to Cafe Monte quite a few times for brunch- so I can't review any other meals.  It is a great place to meet your girlfriends to have brunch and then head next door to Polished Nail Salon for pedicures. ;) I love their french toast, and have heard my friends rave about the eggs benedict.  I definitely recommend this restaurant for a nice, relaxed brunch.  The weekends can get very busy, but I've never had to wait very long to be seated.  Good service, nice ambiance.
4	Met my aunt on Saturday for breakfast. We arrived at 9AM when the restaurant opened so there was obviously no wait. The waiter was friendly and promptly took our drink orders, we also ordered our food with the drinks. I saw steak and eggs so I went with that, medium rare/poached. I was amazed at how much food came out on the plate. The steak and eggs looked amazing but so did the freshly sliced tomatoes, fried potato round and the croissant. Not only did everything look good but it tasted amazing. The steak was tender, moist and perfectly seasoned. It seems like the best steaks I've had are for breakfast! The croissant was warm out of the oven and melted in my mouth, it was phenomenal. I definitely look forward to coming back to Cafe Monte for breakfast or any other meal.
2	Have been coming here for about 3 years,  and I am beginning to wonder why. Was in for dinner recently, service was good, wine was good but at $14 a glass for  Sauv Blanc over priced. I had the "herb roasted" chicken.... dry, and flavorless. She ordered the crab cakes which were a style I have Never seen before ... 3 round disks that were flattened beyond recognition maybe 1/4" thick, total weight Maybe 2 oz! Half the plate was filled with red pepper aioli ... ( mayo and canned red peppers) seriously the mayo was twice the weight and surface area of the crab pancakes ?? I guess the "crab" was the accompaniment ?? the remainder of the plate was filled with spinach that was barely warmed and wilted mixed with very obviously canned peppers and nothing was done to hide that fact. We rarely complain, but did this time, the server ( Caroline I think) was very good about it. The replacement pasta was better but not by much. Great location, but with the new competition the kitchen needs to get its act together.I am giving 2 stars for the service only.
3	I've had Cafe Monte in my brunch/breakfast sights for quite some time now. Just waiting for the right moment.....to no avail. I made it in closer to 1pm with my wife and started wavering on whether or not breakfast was the right call for sustenance. Cafe Monte was welcomed, despite my late rise. I had heard whispers of this French cuisine in the quaint corners of Southpark...bistro music filling the art-laden walls. I was happy to find all of these. The interior is welcoming, spacious and occupied by very cushy chairs. I was enthralled with the music. Timeless and tasteful for the French decor. I was a little put off by the host. We waited for a few minutes before anyone even acknowledged we were waiting to be seated. A minor faux pas that can be fixed for sure. The service, once seated, was fast and friendly. I ordered the steak and eggs. A rather generous portion of sirloin, cooked medium rare, croissant, beautiful hash browns and eggs. My only hangup with this meal were my eggs. I had ordered them over medium and they were served waaaaay over hard. More along the lines of hard boiled. Rather displeased with the texture, but the rest of my plate made up for it. The steak is wonderfully cooked, flavorful and seasoned. The hash browns are served in a "puck" shape and need no ketchup. The coffee is also delightful. Black, bold and piping hot. I'd definitely venture back in to Cafe Monte. A few slight changes and they'll be a 4.5-5 star in my book! Oui!
4	I went there as treat for my birthday with two of my closest friends..The prices..well is a bit pricey, but the food there is asboslutly mouth-watering! The service there was slow... it took about 25 mins. for the waiter to come and ask us for our order.
4	Excellent almond croissants!  Waiter was attentive and professional.
4	My first check in getting ready for my first review tonight!   : )My very first check in and my very first review! I have been to Cafe Monte many times, but never reviewed because I did not use Yelp. However, since I use Yelp often to find reviews, and I am moving to NYC in 3 weeks and will be using Yelp A LOT, I thought it only fair to start contributing. So I headed to Cafe Monte with my main man, Dudley.I sat outside at the little 2 person tables on the side of the building. It was very hot outside, but I am a summer fanatic. My server was very sweet and was a great balance between taking care of my needs and letting me do some work on my laptop and relax with my dog (free WiFi yay!). I got there right at 3:30 and they had switched over to the dinner menu, but they still let me use my lunchtime groupon anyway. No guilt trip whatsoever about it! I ordered the Chicken Mushroom crepes and a side of the Gruyere scalloped potatoes. I have included pictures.The crepes were so, so, so good. Most enjoyable was the yummy cream sauce as well as the TONS of mushrooms. I will be ordering a lot of mushroom dishes as they are my favorite food in the entire world. The chicken seemed as if it were pulled from the bone- very tender and flavorful. There were about 3 or 4 well stuffed crepes with chicken, 3 different kinds of mushrooms (that I could tell), and that delicious sauce.The potatoes were not as amazing as I had hoped. They were very thick slices of russet type potatoes with a ton of butter and Gruyere cheese only on top. It would have been great if they had more cheese through the dish. They were ok, but I only ate a couple of bites.They were so canine friendly! My waitress offered and promptly brought out a bowl of water for Dudley, which after he was done drinking, became his plate. Duds loved the crepes and potatoes, and for a dog he is somewhat picky, so that says something!I love this place. So much good stuff, and on my next trip back, I will make it much earlier so I can do breakfast!
2	I get it- but I don't get it.  Let me explain..We went on a busy Sunday morning and asked if we could sit outside. We were told to pick any table but the problem is that all of them had not been cleaned since the last customer.  We sat at a table with someone's leftovers for about 10 minutes and no one came out to bus the table.  When I went back in to speak with the hostess, I told her we had moved to a less dirty table.  Once we sat down at our new table, I knew it would be an interesting meal.  I swear we were sitting right next to the Real Housewives of Charlotte.  Each woman had downed a bottle of wine and their conversation was very loud and obnoxious.  Then, my mimosa came out with what looked like a pubic hair hanging off of the side - yum.  The food was fine but it was nothing to write home about.  Like I said before - I get it, but I don't get.  This place has a lot of potential but I could not deal with the type of people that choose to dine here.
3	As a restaurant owner, I am a little over critical of my experiences in other restaurants.  My first visit to Cafe Monte was a birthday surprise a couple months ago.  As we were seated, the person who brought us water spilled a large glass of water all over the three of us, drenching our clothes and the table.  We had to move to another table but nobody ever came and apologized for the mishap.  Everyone has a bad day but this should have been rectified by a complimentary glass of wine or dessert, not just ignored.  On to the food!  I had the Lobster Risotto which was the absolute BEST seafood dish I have ever eaten.  There were huge chunks of fresh lobster and it was all I could do to tear myself away from devouring the whole large portion they gave me.  I took the rest home and it was just as good when I warmed it up.  A+++I'm not crying over spilled water but the lack of concern was what promted a 3-star rating.  The food was definitely 5+ star worthy & been calling me back ever since.  I have reservations tonight and already know what I'm going to order.
2	The hostess was abrubt and rude when we asked for an outdoor table.  The food was only okay.  it pretends to be an upscale French restaurant.  Disappointment.
4	Disclaimer: I've only had take-out from Cafe Monte, so I can't attest to the ambiance or service.What I can tell you is how amazing their pizza is, more specifically the Mild Mushroom pizza. Oh my this pizza is divine. It's a decent size for $14, can feed up to 2 people. The crust is light, not too heavy nor oily. There are mushrooms a plenty on this baked pie, nestled in with a heaping amount of goat cheese. If this doesn't sound yummy enough, the finished product is covered in a giant's portion of fresh arugula.I totally want to try something new, but this pizza is so to-die-for I can't bring myself to order anything else.FYI: bogo coupon in the Charlotte Citipass book!
2	We went here for breakfast when they first opened and it was delicious, so we decided to try dinner last night. Bad move. While the desserts were good, everything else was sparse, bad, or both. My scallops & shrimp entree was a salt bomb that boasted 2 measly scallops & 2 small shrimp atop undercooked risotto with green beans buried under it. My husband got the large portion of mussels and frites and while the broth was good, the portion was quite small. My mother-in-law ordered the salmon, which while it was the only meal sized entree, was overcooked to a dry inside, brown outside finish. I had a coupon for $15 off the bill and I still feel like I've been had. There is no way we're going back for dinner. Beware of restaurants bearing coupons.EDIT: Owner messaged that they make their own desserts and have not worked with Amelie's for years.
4	I have been here many times. Usually only go for breakfast or lunch. Never been for dinner service.  I have been pleased with all my selections so far. Great Eggs Benedict. Good French Onion Soup as well. Service has been very accommodating. They also have a nice outdoor sitting area.
5	I found this from a living social. And since then, I have been in love with this place! I will never get tired of their Charcuterie - various cured meat and pickled vegetables! It's just simply delicious and I feel like I'm in Europe.  I am a big fan of their moules frites and shrimp & artichoke crepes are very yummy and big.  I always like to treat myself to some macarons afterwards! Very quaint place and so close to where I live. It's a win win situation!
5	EExcellent shrimp with scallops and risitto. Rich and cooked to perfection. A++ in my book.
4	Went for breakfast early one morning. Sat at the bar and had excellent service and who doesn't love an omelette with bacon and brie? The breakfast was amazing and I'm already looking forward to my next meal there.
4	We reserved a table at Cafe Monte last Saturday for a special occasion dinner. The front half of the restaurant really does feel like a french bistro, and with a wonderful duet of a trumpet player and a piano player, the music was great.Service was attentive. We brought a bottle of wine from our cellar and corkage was $15. Our server noticed the bottle in its neoprene carrier as soon as she showed up and asked if we had white or red, and what style glasses we wanted. My husband and I were both dying to try the steak frites, since we loved that dish in our favorite restaurant Paris. He ordered his au poivre, and I ordered mine with Bearnaise sauce. I'm docking Cafe Monte one star because they completely undercooked my steak. I ordered it medium, and I received a steak that was rare, as in cool in the middle. My husband ordered his medium rare and he also received a rare steak.I prefer my steaks medium, but will eat just about any steak on either end of the spectrum of doneness so as to avoid sending it back and risking spit, so I kept my mouth shut. Be prepared to have your steak undercooked if you eat here.Aside from that one issue, everything was great. Hopefully they'll get some more knowledgeable cooks in the kitchen in the future.
4	DELISH!! The food is amazing here and the service was wonderful! As soon as we sat down we were greeted with waters by our server Naida. Plus, throughout the entire visit I never saw the bottom of my coffee cup - for those like me with the coffee addiction this is a huge plus!!
4	This is a really good restaurant, don't go there often, but when I have it's been good. Their Quiche is delish! It's not too badly priced, considering.  I have not had any bad meals there.  It's worth a try if you are in the area and want a good meal.  The staff is wonderful!  Soups are fabulous too!
4	I don't get to travel to Paris very often - okay, not at all - and all flights to Paris from here can be pretty costly, even if they're direct flights. But when I'm jonesing for un fixe Parisien (I made that up), I can't go wrong with Cafe Monte. Portions are generous - I recently got an arugula salad with a pretty hearty serving of roasted chicken, with a massive side of berries - so you won't leave hungry. And don't forget to sample their pastries, with a delicious cup of fresh brewed coffee to go with it. Love, love, love the decor and the atmosphere. Okay, so it's not really like the bistros that line the streets of Paris, but, what the hell, this is Charlotte, and this is as close to the City of Lights as some of us will ever get. So don't whizz all over my dreams, okay?
4	Step one foot into this Parisian Bistro, smell the coffee, see the people, fall in love! If you've never been to France, the decor, music, and food will take you there. Right here in Charlotte!!! I finally made it to Cafe Monte one Sunday for Brunch and the place was full of people!!! I was alive when I walked in. Really reminded me of a Bistro in Paris. I waited for close to an hour for my table, which is reasonable on a busy Sunday afternoon with no reservation. After being seated, my only complaint was that I wasn't getting good natural lighting for food pictures lol! I had coffee to start, the Cafe Au Lait (I think). Wasn't all that thrilling. Anyway, I ordered the Waffle with flambeed bananas, bacon, and of course frites! Everything was good. The bacon (which I call a gateway meat seeing that I don't eat pork) was marvelous! My guest had the quiche. She thought it was a little overcooked. Our waitor wasn't the most attentive, but other than that, we really enjoyed this place. Hope to get back soon!
5	I absolutely love this place. It's not too pricey compared to other french restaurants in town and definitely not stuffy. The beef and asparagus crepes are the best. They often have live music and people singing on the weekends, which I love.
4	Fancy little brunch place. Came here with my family so it definitely meets their uppity standards. Good place to take your parents when they come in town. Decor makes you feel like you're in Paris. All I can remember is that the potatoes were so flavorful and delish. I would come back there just to eat a plate full.
3	I went to Cafe Monte during restaurant week. Surprisingly it wasn't very busy. However, I still didn't receive the best service. It was as if the server was just going through the motions because he knew he was going to get the 18% tip that was added to every bill during restaurant week. The food was very good however the portions were extremely small. There was a couple next to us who seemed to not order off the Restaurant week menu and for what I could tell the portions seemed larger. So they might have reduced portions for the special menu that week.The escargot was amazing. The Caesar salad and tomato bisque was just okay. For an entree I got the Fillet Oscar which was cooked to perfection. I will definitely stop back and try it again during a normal time and hope for better service.
4	I've been wanting to try Cafe Monte for some time now. I found myself close by around lunch time the other day, so I decided to stop in.  I was seated immediately and my server promptly came by to bring a menu and take my drink order.  Honestly, I was a bit under-whelmed by the menu. I was really hoping for some really nice French dishes beyond just crepes and quiche.  The menu options were ok but not outstanding.  So, I decided to go with the Chicken And Wild Mushroom Crepes in madeira creme ($14).  I really wanted to try the pommes frites to see if they are as good as I have heard, but I wasn't really that hungry and my server told me the dish I ordered was pretty large.  So, when she brought my plate out, I was glad I skipped the fries on this visit.  The crepes were cooked perfectly and smothered with delicious creamy chicken & mushrooms.  I would order this dish again. When I first walked into the restaurant, I had noticed a counter with all sorts of yummy looking pastries, so I decided to order a coconut macaroon to go.   It was tres yummy! I agree with Nicole's assessment - this may not be the best French cuisine in town, but it is solid.  On my visit, the service was good very good and I would go back.
3	Went to Cafe Monte after purchasing a groupon. Made a reservation for a Sat night and off we went for a little date. Entered to a half full (at best) restaurant that gradually filled up over the time we were there. We were seated at a nice table that was up against a pillar so we didn't have to deal with being in the middle of the room (which I hate). We were given a wine list and menus upon being seated. I am 5 months pregnant and it really shows at this point and the husband had given up drinking for Lent so we passed on the wines. This seemed to off-put the waiter a little but I let it slide b/c he was still nice enough. Felt like we were a little rushed to make decisions about what we wanted to order and when I asked for more time something about the demeanor of the waiter made me feel bad about it. We ended up ordering a cheese plate and french onion soup to start. The cheese plate arrives at the table with no explanation as to what the various cheeses are. This really bothers me. There was a cheese that had, what I later asked about, mustard seeds inside of it that was very delicious, but even upon asking about what was in it, all I was given was the answer "mustard seed" and that it was the waiter's favorite cheese. Nothing else about it or the other 3 cheeses on the plate (which I equate to a brie, cheddar and goat). Frustrating. My husband loved the french onion soup. I took a few bites and found it to be pretty tasty but am not much of a soup person and wasn't in the mood this night so that is all I can say about that. For entrees I had the steak frites and husband had the flounder special. First let me say that the portion of steak I received was very large, which would have been fantastic, had it been fantastic, but at best I rate it as pretty good. The frites were nothing spectacular, but all seemed to disappear from my plate with no problem so I would def order those again. Husband's meal came out looking like it was sitting in a stick of melted butter and had an overall greasy appearance. I don't eat fish, so I didn't try this but he later told me it was, in fact, greasy, but that after a few bites he was able to move it out of the drippings and then it actually had a good taste. Both entrees were served with green beans which I could take or leave. Nothing spectacular there. Ended with an eclair and a coffee for the husband, both of which were enjoyed. All in all it was a decent meal and I am happy that we went and gave it a try. Perhaps if we had been able to order drinks and wine it would have made the whole experience better, but that just wasn't in the cards right now.I would like to give big props to the lady who kept my water glass filled until the minute we were getting up from the table! That truly made this thirsty pregnant lady happy.
3	This is one of those places that is "fancy does not equate to good food". One review on here said they have the best crepes in Charlotte, seriously? Have you tried Hazelnut Creperie? I personally thought their food is a bit dry, portion extremely small. Ok, I admit, most fancy places have small portions. However, I found nothing exciting or special about this place at all. The food was edible, the atmosphere is nice and upscale, and that is about it. I also ordered Wine, it is Ok, came chilled, but flavor wise it is just average.
2	First the food is good but the restaurant service is bad. Today is not busy and service still too slow and never come back to my table .
1	We went here to have brunch with a friend that was driving back to Nashville, TN following our meal.  We had reservations for 8 and while the food was decent, the customer service was horrendous.  Our checks were brought to us before our whole group finished our meals. Beyond that, the hostess came over and stood right by our table...paused long enough for us to look up...and said (rather loud and rudely), "I need this table set up for 12."  We had been there an hour at this point. While I realize brunch is a busy time, I found this behavior unacceptable and will not be dining at this restaurant for this very reason.
4	There used to be a shortage of French restaurants in town about 10 years ago and I was one sad panda because I couldn't get my fix on a whim.That has changed and with the opening of Cafe Monte, the availability of tasty and accessible French cuisine became a reality.First time for brunch?  Get the steak and eggs. For dinner, get the Escargot Traditionnel.  It's not as garlicy or intense as the escargot I had in Paris.  It's light but flavorful and served with a puff pastry.  The pate is delicious as well (this coming from someone who hates pate).You really can't go wrong with any of the entree's.  Everything is delicious.The service is good and the ambiance makes you forget for a moment that you're in Charlotte.
5	I love Cafe Monte! The food and service are always excellent. My husband and I had our wedding reception there two weeks ago and Leon and the staff made our night fantastic.  They were so accommodating and truly kind to our guests. One waiter even danced with our flower girl!  We highly recommend Cafe Monte!
4	Stopped by for lunch while combing every inch of Charlotte for car dealerships who will meet my price.  It was a Saturday, noonish and the place was pretty full with the seats on the patio all taken on a sunny day.  I took a seat at the bar, was greeted promptly and offered a menu and a drink.I wound up ordering French Onion soup and a Croque Monsieur (one can never have enough melted cheese in a meal).  One nice touch is that I was asked if I wanted the soup to be my side with the sandwich, an offer that I accepted.  The soup itself was hot, as in really, really hot, to the point I melted some skin off the roof of my mouth in my haste to shove the first spoonful in.  The broth was in need of salt in a pretty big way and also benefited from some pepper.The sandwich was very nice with tons of melty, turned crispy on the edges, cheese.  While it also benefited from the salt and pepper shakers, I would certainly order it again.  I truly enjoy French bistro style food so will likely try Cafe Monte again when back in SouthPark.
4	Back when I ate things like steak, I used to order the steak and eggs (when someone else was paying) or some sort of quiche (when I was paying). Because let's be reasonable, when you're poor, $17 bucks for steak and eggs isn't exactly the most exciting thing to fork over your hard earned cash for. Delicious, but expensive.In any case, I used to head over here for brunch on Sundays after a long morning at church or for a working lunch during the week and truly, there are some gems on the menu.Their pommes frites are delightful, and an excellent complement to many of the sandwiches offered. I make sure they comprise some part of my meal every time. Salads, omelettes, etc. are all great options as well.As for the dinner situation, I haven't been in the evening. It's just such a lovely little spot for breakfast or lunch. There's a pastry case that looks fabulous and they have a full-service coffee bar. I usually just order regular, though.Be warned, however, that there is generally always a wait around peak brunch times on the weekend.
2	Very poor service. Food is slightly above average for a typical brunch place. Restaurant is grimy along the walls. This place used to be great for brunch, but you can tell the owners have really allowed it to settle into mediocrity. They have also botched two take-out orders recently - made me wait 45 minutes once and completely messed up the second time.Also, don't get the lobster salad - made a family member sick for two days.Avoid and go elsewhere for brunch.
5	We love this place!  We have been many times and our food has always been great.  Our waiters have always been prompt, our meals up without a long wait, and everything is fresh and hot.  I love their half chicken, steak, mushroom Crepes, and omelets.  Vegetables are always served with the correct crispness (not soggy, soft like you get in some places)!  We love the atmosphere.  While many reviewers say it just isn't like being in Paris... I beg to differ!  Right down to the authentic bistro chairs... this place IS French!  The music, the decor, the window boxes, etc.  all French!  Yes, the shabbiness is missing but the rest is all there.  I can sit and feel like I am back in Paris for just one meal and step right back out into reality when I am through.  :)Our family really enjoys the decor, AND the food at Cafe Monte.  We will be visiting many more times in the future.
5	I LOVE Cafe Monte. My wife and I discovered Cafe Monte soon after we first moved to Charlotte. We purchased a living social and gave it a try. She got hooked on the Charcuterie and I on their steak and eggs. We both love their macarons too. I would also recommend their various crepes. The shrimp and artichoke and the lobster/crab crepes. Oh yeah and the short rib baguette delicious, too! LOLWhen my parents come and visit or friends from out of town, we always always take them to Cafe Monte for breakfast or a late lunch. And occasionally we'll walk by and order some macarons or a fruit tart to go.The dining area and bar area are great. If you want to hang out somewhere fun and have a nice conversation with a friend you'll like the ambiance. The service is top notch as well. The prices might be high for some, but you can taste the quality in the food. In my opinion it's totally worth it. I'm really high on Cafe Monte and suggest that you give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
2	The side of sauteed Spinach was incredibly salty otherwise the color was wonderful and it smelled great. The side of sauteed mushrooms looked really good, but they were way too peppery. I never season my food, when its cooked right there isn't any need to but whoever made those dishes had a very heavy hand. I NEVER leave food behind and I didn't even finish half of them. I had to ask for a steak knife. Waited until someone bothered to make eye contact with me to ask for it by the way. The steak was cooked perfectly - rare just the way I like it and the texture wonderful. The thin french fries were great too, very good! Flavor, texture etc. but as I ate the steak there was way too much seasoning on it as well. Seasoning shouldn't over power the flavor of a good cut of meat and this did. The biggest issue I had: the staff really needs a lesson in professionalism. I heard one woman behind me talk about a female condom which was just PART of their conversation. They were all huddled in the back while there were people at tables on the floor. Totally turned me off. I saw waitress and waiter in disagreement in the middle of the dining area while setting up a table. One couple complained they had been sitting there ignored. The gentleman got up and said something to a waiter and the manager came over and appeared to make amends in a grandiose way.  My own waiter walked by and for some reason never made eye contact. I was not sure why  - to be clear I NEVER give anyone a hard time nor am I anything other than friendly. Even if the service and food are not up to par. I was seated in the back, on the left (if you are facing the kitchens) so had a birds eye view - and ear - to everything. I told one friend that I actually felt like I was in restaurant boss type episode and there was a hidden camera somewhere, it was that ridiculous with the staff and how they were acting. The Manager must have realized I heard what I shouldn't have heard because he gave me a box of free pastries and apologized. The staff treated him, quite honestly? - like crap. It was embarrassing. The fact that those kids (some of them - others adults) acted in such a manner in a restaurant that I'd heard NOTHING but rave reviews about? It was disappointing. The fact I heard him trying to discipline them - they ignored him - was probably not smart on his part either. He seemed frazzled and angry and just disgusted. Lets just say the atmosphere that night was a 1 star. If the staff acts up like that? Get them in the kitchen and send them home, don't do it where patrons can hear.In all fairness maybe (hopefully for the owner) this was not a regular occurrence because friends of mine RAVE about this place. For breakfast and dinner saying it was one of their favorites. I went on a Coupon to try it out, and at first loved the atmosphere but it went downhill from there. I also can't see paying that kind of money for a meal that was "eh" I always eat every bite on my plate and I savor each one. I didn't take anything with me except the free pastries and my french fries. I judge a place on different criteria and I have a sensitive palate and nose. LOVE food. To cook it, eat it, buy it, read about it etc. I think I am a good judge of what I see, taste, smell and - hear.I'd recommend other places before this one for DINNER - may consider giving them a shot for breakfast type fare and will say the ONE WONDERFUL thing - the best thing about this place - the desserts. They were a little stale but it was after 9pm so that isn't a biggie in my book. I bought a slice of Carrot cake and Tiramisu - the waiter had closed my bill without asking me about desserts at all by the way......I watched a waitress across the room RAVE about them to a full table of people ( I was solo) and she had me craving them. He was going to give them to me for free because he closed the bill out. I insisted on paying for them and will tell you that it was "THE BEST" carrot cake I've ever had! I'd order a whole one for my birthday cake if I could. The free pastries the Manager gave me? Macaroons are awesome almond cakes too and croissants with chocolate in them. I would recommend this place as a BAKERY and I may give them a shot - after hearing a friend say the crepes were really good - for breakfast. However, not my first choice or even second for Dinner. For the owner? You have your work cut out for you, I am not a professional in the food service industry but you should consider "Restaurant Stakeout" if you find your patronage decline.
5	Cafe Monte is a great place for a Sunday brunch.  I just happened to run into this little spot while visiting the Palm steakhouse.  Cafe Monte is located at the adjacent parking deck.The interior of the restaurant is clean, lively and very inviting; everyone seemed to be having a great time when we went.  The service was great and the waitress was very accommodating and didn't mind taking a few minutes to explain a couple of menu items for us.I enjoyed the "french country breakfast" along with a side of french toast.  I must say, that Cafe Monte has some of the best french toast in Charlotte.  The french toast was crispy and golden on the outside and nice and soft in the middle, just the way I like it.  I washed my meal down with some very good french roast coffee, and I must say that this was some of the strongest coffee that I've ever had in my life, it was a real pleasure to drink such a beverage.The best part of the meal was the check.  My two entrees (french country breakfast, coffee and french toast) totaled around $22 and it was totally worth it.  I don't recall what my frat brother had, but he really seemed to enjoy his meal too.I recommend giving this place a try.  The lively atmosphere alone, makes the meal very enjoyable.
4	I really loved my experience here and I can't believe I haven't been here sooner. I came for brunch with a friend one Saturday and I chose to have breakfast. It was really good and they were not stingy with the bacon!! The eggs were cooked perfectly to my specifications and the hash browns were delish!! The atmosphere is really nice although the seating is only so so. That would really be my only complaint.  It definitely has that cafe feel and I can't wait to get back there and try dinner and one of their chocolate croissants!!
4	Excellent brunch!!!  I have only been a few times to this place but the staff is very helpful and the food is of good quality.  I have only been for brunch and it was delicious!!  The atmosphere is really cool here too.  Definitely very cafe like :)
4	Months ago, when me and Bryan were "newly dating" and still trying to do sickly romantic things I suggested we try this place for brunch.  It was a Sunday morning and pretty busy.  We had to wait about twenty minutes but enjoyed a mimosa and a chocolate croissant at the bar prior to our table being ready.  It was heavenly! (The croissant was flaky and had just the right amount of chunky dark chocolate).  We were seated and the menu was fantastic.  I ordered a spinach and Brie omelette.... Bryan got a breakfast crepe.  Service was good and we were eating within 10 minutes of ordering.  I keep meaning to go back again for another brunch, as it was memorable..... Perfect for a sappy third date :)
5	On my birthday my wife knew I wanted escargot so she called around and found that Cafe Monte would be willing to make it for me during breakfast hours. The owner was a fantastic person and even brought me a complimentary glass of wine to compliment the garlic butter of the escargot. Needless to say we have found a new IT place for special occasions and random cravings for French food and top notch customer service. I insist that you should give this restaurant a chance; you will leave very pleased.
4	I'm going to do a pro & con list to make it as easy as possible to lay out my thoughts about the restaurant. Consider my review more like a 3.5.Background/Facts:- I've eaten at Monte more times than I can count. - I visit mostly for breakfast and brunch. - I've been to Cafe Monte several times for dinner.- My husband has celiac disease and cannot have any gluten.I'll do the con first so as to end on a positive note. Con:- Biggest problem is food quality consistency. I tend to find a favorite dish and order it over and over again. Doing things this way makes me aware of any changes made to the dishes (also, simply the poor execution of said dishes). So, for example, I can't help but notice when the English muffins served as part of Monte's Classic Eggs Benedict suddenly become smaller and very hard. I wonder each time I order Eggs Benedict if the poached eggs will be runny as one would expect or hard boiled. I detect when a chef uses way too much onion in the quiche Florentine, and I lament when the quiche is hopelessly soggy. Knowing that the food can be fantastic on the next visit keeps me coming to Monte. I just wish they could tighten things up when it comes to the consistency of ingredients and food/cooking quality.Pros:- Beautiful atmosphere. Sun streams in during the mornings, and the restaurant feels romantic at night. The music from French artists adds to the delightful feeling at Monte. I like the furnishing and decor choices whoever designed the space made. It hits on a lot of what Americans expect French cafe dining to feel like, but it does it without being overly Disney-fied. Also, there's usually plenty of parking close by.- Servers are always friendly, knowledgeable and helpful, which is especially important when dealing with the gluten-free thing. We eat there so much, the employees know us by name or at least face.- Coffee is always great!- Great place to take out-of-town guests.So there you have it. Cafe Monte will remain on my restaurant list in maximum rotation, but I am watching the consistency issue. I hope I am not let down.
5	Cafe Monte has impeccable service and makes me feel like I am right back in Paris when I walk through the doors! From the traditional Parisian bistro chairs to the paintings/decor I feel like I am home again! Highly recommend for the single dinning or great date night location!!
4	Went here for the first time today. Had a delicious omelette, but prices are a little high
4	The restaurant, bistro and bakery opens pretty early in the day.  However, I made reservations for today at 4pm.  It was moderate for a weekday.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich with a side salad.  I really enjoyed it.  For dessert, I had the triple layer carrot cake with butter crunch icing.  I will definitely go back.
5	Food was great! Ambience was good. I felt the service was on a slower side
5	I love Cafe Monte. I'm so happy that they continue to put deals on Living Social and Groupon. Even if they didn't, I'd still frequent this quaint little restaurant. Beware...it can be quite busy on Sundays for brunch, but that's my favorite time to go! Order a cafe latte and sit back and people watch. It's almost like being in Paris. And then the lovely waiter brings over a plate of delicious prime rib on a french baguette and piled high with pomme frittes. Oh my yum!! I admit, I order the same thing every time! I have tried other things on my friend's plates, and it's all perfect. Merci!
4	A very good choice for Queens Feast they had an excellent restaurant week menu. Small and quaint they pack them in a bit more for CRW it seems but the giant pics of France will take you away. The CRW menu includes a cheese plate course. I had the beef short ribs which were perfectly braised tender and juicy. The bread pudding dessert was great as well. You can't go wrong here if you are in the mood for a little French cooking.
4	Went to Cafe Monte for the first time Thursday night for dinner to use a Livingsocial deal that was about to expire. We made a reservation and when we arrived the restaurant was about 3/4 full. We were immediately seated at a small 2-top with bench seating on one side. I found this table to be too small and the server had to keep awkwardly moving items on the table in order to fit everything. The bread they bring out to start is warmed and very delicious. My husband started with the soup du jour which was a carrot bisque and it was great. For our entrees I had the vegetarian crepes which were flavorful and substantial, covered in a rich, creamy sauce. My husband had the crab cake sandwich and that was good but not the best. The fries were skinny, crispy, and plentiful. The portions seem to be quite large for a nicer restaurant. Would love to try dessert there but we were too full this time. The service was good and prompt. Bottles of wine are half price on Thursdays but if you use any other promotion (such as a Livingsocial deal) they will not give you the drink special. I thought that was strange considering we spent over the LS amount on our food alone, but that is their policy.
5	ate here once when they first opened and during restaurant week (should have known better) and it was just decent....really glad I went back. The Trout Almondine was 1st rate. My wife's veggie crepes were stellar as well.....cant wait to return. Great coffee as well....
4	I love this place! Prime rib sandwich is SO good. It's a little pricey but I think it's worth it :) Great lunch spot while at work.
5	Half price bottle of wine for $15 - how could you go wrong?Authentic French food in a bistro style settings. Had their macaroons and they were delicious.  Tough place to come to if you are dieting.
5	Love the unique menu..good for all day dining!
5	Food here is very good.  Brunch was amazing, and they also offer vegetarian options as well.  I ordered the open face veggie sandwich with a potato cake,  super good. Love this place
4	I've had breakfast and dinner here, and loved it all!Friendly, professional service.  Upscale environment, romantic ambiance. The star is the food, though.  Delicious! Everything I tried was delightful.  Go here!  It's a wonderful date night or a nice place to meet your bestie for breakfast or lunch.  You can't go wrong!
5	I stopped in for a glass of wine after a unsatisfactory dinner some where else.  I had a glass of Pinot Noir and a great chat with the bartender.  He was nice enough with no hesitation to plug in and charge my phone for me.  I glanced over the menu and it looks great.  I hope to come back soon and try the wonderful food.  Watching from the bar, the staff was very professional and the atmosphere was very bistro like and relaxing.
4	We ate at Cafe Monte for brunch prior to a matinee show in uptown Charlotte. It was only a few minutes from uptown and well worth the drive. We both throughly enjoyed our meal. The restaurant is chic and lovely. We would definitely return...
3	It's a traditional french bistro and the ambiance takes me back to Paris - right down to the woven chairs. The menu is again traditional french and it has a good variety of things to try. The salads are very good... they have roasted chicken as opposed to grilled chicken in most places so that's a plus (I think it adds flavor to the chicken being roasted and not grilled). I had their brisket baguette sandwich (a little disappointing that it was greasy as all hell, but it was good). Their french fries are very good (sprinkled with Parmesan and parsley). For lunch, come early (before noon) or this place gets busy, busy...
5	Delicious food! My fiancee have been here many times and we are always satified with the food and the service.The bread is very fresh and the beef tips are always good!
2	Very uneven service tonight. Menu has also gotten tired. We will be looking for another go-to Southpark restaurant.
5	My husband I ate here for the first time over the weekend and we loved it.  We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the "French" music they were playing.  The sword fish was amazing!  Fyi-it is kind of expensive...
2	The food was underwhelming, the server was terrible-brought wine that wasn't ordered, an entree that should have gone to another customer- steak well-done, no carrots or potatoes.  Waiter knew it when we asked.  Took a few minutes to bring a new plate.  Really?  We knew he would screw up the check and- yep- he did.  The ambiance is awesome, too bad the food isn't better and the service is only passable.I am disappointed.
1	I honestly do not see how this place is rated as high as it is.  Went there on a Sunday and it was packed.  Waited 30 minutes to get seated.  Saw several people complaining about their meals and service.  Hostest was nice. Waiter was slow.  Soup came out 2 minutes before the main meal.   Tomato soup was bitter.  My girl got the seafood omlet.   meh.....100% unseasoned.  Got the croque monsieur.....again plain....no seasoning and way too much cheese and not enough ham...I could make a way better one at home.  Side salad had maybe a teaspoon of dressing on it.  Total waste of 50 bucks.
5	Ooo la laMy two favorite places in Charlotte are French inspired..  Cafe Monte and George's Brasserie. Cafe Monte is great for coffee, pastries, breakfast, lunch and dinner.Quiche Lorraine is awesome. I love that it comes with a small side salad. The perfect low carb meal.The coffee is strong enough for me and that is saying something.I do adore the pastries, but I can't always have them. Booo on calories and sugar.Recently a friend and I popped in for coffee and breakfast while we sat and used the free WiFi to shop for vacation packages...  we still have no found the right vacation, but we did enjoy the meal.You have to try:The quicheThe charcuterieThe crepesThe MacaroonsThey outdoor patio is very cute on sunny days.. very peaceful on weekends because the parking lot is less active.
4	Great food. The quiche Lorraine was exceptional!
4	My wife and I re-visited Cafe Monte on Wed. Aug. 6, 2014. We had previously given it a lackluster review, but this experience was 180 degrees different and better!  Great unhurried  service and excellent food. Even the "Wine of the Day" was good and a bargain at just $22 a bottle. My wife had the scallops and risotto (YUM!) and I had the Pork Chops with demi glasse. which was good as well. We had a BIG slice of carrot cake for dessert which was more than we could eat. We'll be coming back to great French food at Cafe Monte. CHARLES W.
4	This place is totally about the atmosphere. Frequently attended by live musicians, it is a great venue for a drink and a book, or catching up with a friend. The service is extremely professional, and very attentive. They don't make everything - but they do have all the standards, and the outside patio is very pleasant during good weather.It's adorable. If you're into adorable, you'll like it.
3	Atmosphere was good. Fixed menu was pretty good. Lots of food and large quantity. Lots of options. Table wait for small parties is better than big. Good location.
5	Wow!!! What an amazing place! Food is wonderful, but the real gem there is Kat. She works the bar and I can not begin to put into words how she has blessed my life with her kindness. She truly makes me excited to go back there. The food is amazing, but for a broke college student it can be a bit pricey. Way worth it thought!! Splurge and pamper yourself with the great food!! I will continue to go back there!
5	Absolutely perfect. The service was excellent . Javier was on point. The French onion soup was fantastic. The chicken and mushroom crepes were superb. All around excellent experience. Highly recommend
3	Went for brunch this past Sunday.  Food was good, but not anything special.  Service was just okay from the seating to the actual meal service, which was a bit slow.  I had the Benedict Monte, wife had the crabcake Benedict.  Again, nothing particularly wrong, just not so great.  I don't think we will be back for breakfast.  Terrace cafe is a better choice, pancake house maybe too depending on what you like.
5	Love this place! It doesn't advertise much and it's not on the side of the road with huge signs. So it took us a while to notice the place, but now that we love the place, my wife and I think that it's actually nice that not 'everybody' knows this place.It's a really wonderful, pretty looking place with an awesome team of people who knows what service is. They know what they have and they know how to make what they have sound delicious. Most importantly, they were patient with us asking if we could get pictures or what the menu was.And the food... I had the Duck Confit. It was great! I usually like the taste but dislike the aftertaste or the flavor some duck dish have. In this case, it was a hit. Out of the ball park! And how about the salmon my wife ordered. It was also delicious. Our drinks were fabulous as well.Lastly, we were lucky and got to hear the wonderful band play some jazz music too. I felt like I was back in Europe. So if you like that kind of atmosphere, and if you like duck and seafood, go check it out. I promise, it won't disappoint.
5	Found this place today and glad we did. Food was delicious and lots of different things to choose from. Service was great and parking was easy. We"ll be back.
5	Superb. Great steak and frites. The salmon too. Carrot cake that is the best. And we tried the beignets too. A delight. Cinq etoiles.
2	If you love an authentic French restaurant this is the place because they are rude & stinky
5	I revisited this french restaurant again last night, taking my boyfriend for his first visit.  It was a very pleasant and delicious experience.  Our waitress was not only accommodating but was very knowledgeable about each dish.  The salad with goat cheese was awesome and they made something that used to be on their menu that is no longer for me as a special extra!  We own 2 restaurants and are very picky about service, food, quality, ambience & prices.  It was worth every single penny and we will definitely be back.  Thanks for a great date night!
3	The food and ambience were spot on for brunch. We found the service to be lacking but it would not keep us from coming back.
5	The professional attitude of the staff and the food quality and presentation satisfies any perfectionist!
5	Went for brunch today with my wife, and we had an outstanding experience. The food was exceptional as was the service by Jennifer. My wife had a Caesar salad and the mussels and frites entree. I went the breakfast route and had the florentine omelette which came with fruit, a potato hashbrown thing and toast with butter and jam. Everything was perfect Just to press our luck we ordered a tiramisu. Also perfect. I don't leave reviews very often because it's so easy to rant when things go poorly. It's nice to have a compelling reason to leave a positive review. We highly recommend this place!
2	The food is ok...and ok is not word I wish to use to describe French food. I had the duck confit...it was ok. I've had better at Asian joints. My wife"s chicken wasn't seasoned to her liking. I had the French Martini and the beignets. Both were good!
