4	On Monday around 11:30am, my aunt, niece & I stopped by to check out the new restaurant that had opened in the Happy Valley plaza (the newer one w/ Best Buy). After going past the first set of doors, we were greeted by a Japanese armor suit behind a glass case. It was interesting to look at and my 7 year old niece got a kick out of it. As we walked towards our table for 3, we noticed that the restaurant was HUGE and only a handful of tables were occupied and 1 family at the teppanyaki table. I decided on the steak lunch, my aunt had the chicken & scallop lunch and my niece had salmon sashimi w/ sushi rice. The fried rice was pretty tasty, the pieces of steak were juicy and the grilled veggies were good. For dessert, my niece ordered green tea ice cream. It ended up taking way longer than we expected so we had to flag down our waitress to remind her. Three heaping scoops drizzled w/ berry & chocolate syrups were soon brought out. Teppanyaki restaurants are rarely ever very authentic, but Ah-So is pretty good for what it is. 3.5* but rounded up for the good service and cleanliness. The busboy was very prompt w/ clearing our empty bowls/dishes and refilling our waters.
1	Have heard some pretty good things about the place, was excited to go and try the food. The place was packed when we got there. Decided on the sushi bar, service was slow, but the waitress made sure that our needs were met. The fish didn't look very fresh, sushi was very mediocre. To top off this very substandard experience, our california roll had a hair in it. I don't think we will be returning.
2	Poor customer service had to go find a server. Cok was not very entertaining. Took my parents here for their first visit wish I had taken them to Bell Location.
2	Ah-soooo  this place is not as good as I was expecting.  I went for sushi and was not impressed.  I went twice hoping I was there on an off day.  I sat at the (liquor) bar and ordered.  I have had better sushi from a grocery store.  The fish was "fishy" and dry.  I ordered one of their speciality rolls and they didn't have the fish and replaced it with a cheaper variety and still charged full price for the roll.  Not cool... It is an ok place to grab a drink with friends but there are better places for sushi. I wouldn't be a good judge for the rest of the place as I have not experienced the rest of the menu.
2	I agree with the previous reviewer, it is an extremely strange design for a sushi restaurant. Much different than their other locations in the west valley. The lack of good sushi did not help our experience.  My wife and I had 6-7 different items and not one of them was great.  The dining room is set up similar to one giant banquet hall with table after table and no visual breaks in the room.  This did not help as the bar crowd (couple of younger guys slamming Sake bombers in tank tops) was visible and audible from our table and took away from our conversation.  To sum it up, mediocre sushi with higher than market pricing and a lack of atmosphere.  There are many better options around town that we will go back to before this place.
3	this place is a little weird, i gotta say. i've been to the others and very much enjoyed my meals/cocktails. this location is just ok. we've now been 3 times. sushi prices are pretty high, but the sushi was good on all 3 occasions so i'll tolerate the prices. there's no happy hour, which is a disappointment but there are drink specials during certain televised sports games - the specials end once the game ends.  the design of the restaurant is awkward, with 2 booths back to back across from the bar and completely separate from the rest of the restaurant. the ceiling is high and the restaurant gets very, very loud on a saturday night. the saturday night we visited we stopped at the bar for a drink while we waited for our table and the bartender greeted our party of 4 with "i need your IDs if you're going to sit here". we of course provided them, but given that this is a service establishment a kinder and friendlier greeting ("Hi, how are you?") would have been appreciated, followed by a respectful request for our IDs.there are a lot of tables, but there is definitely room for more. the restaurant would benefit from a professional designer. our teppan chef was less than entertaining and the teppan prices are a bit high for the area and the quality. i would say the teppan was average, as was the entire experience on all 3 days. one other note: the beers on display on the shelf behind the bar aren't necessarily available. some are "decor" and not available for purchase, a major disappointment. don't show it to me if i can't have it!i'll return for the sushi, but i won't be dropping big bucks here.
3	Not the best, but not the worst. The look of the place is nice. Pretty big. reminded me of Benihanas with their private tables. But as others have said, the design is a bit odd. It's kinda pricey. I didn't care for the customer service. Could have been better. ; ^ D
2	Dissociative Identity Disorder.  What used to be called Multiple Personality Disorder.  Ah-So suffers from it.  Badly.Welcome Samurai warriors!  Here is your armor, katana and wakizashi! Cool. Oh, and across from it is a huge flat screen showing baseball...  ok... Thru the main doors and you meet the visual and audio cacophony of a liquor bar (replete with a display of all NFL helmets), sushi bar, cafeteria, dining booths and waaay at the back, the teppan tables.  Everything looks clean, shiny and new - I just don't think it all goes together very well.The sushi:  the rolls we ordered were not great and I won't be coming back for it.  Way too much mayonnaise for my taste - it was an overwhelming flavor on ALL the rolls.  Didn't get any nigiri tonight - I'm thinking it'll be okay, since there's less moving parts.  ;)The appetizers: The chicken wings were delicious!  Nicely seasoned, tender - but I typically don't go to a restaurant just for the apps.  But if I'm dragged here, I know what I'll be getting.The service: Meh.  Took a long time for our app - it came at the same time as our sushi, and our drinks weren't kept filled, so...The teppan looked pretty typical - but I can't comment on the food.  The show looked your average from across the room, but I believe it was cheaper than some other places, so maybe if you're looking for a value...This place is close to work, and I might come back for a happy hour.  Or I might not.
3	Went for lunch today and they had a good priced lunch menu.  I had the teppenyaki and it was good.  The chef was ok nothing too entertaining like Sapporo or other restaraunts of this type.  I ordered a sushi roll for appetizer that our waitress totally forgot about.  Luckily the meal was big enough I honestly didn't need it.  For the price it was good food and worth the price.
1	I have been to 4 of the Ah-so restaurants in town and I have never seen one with all the NFL helmets on display. Just seems wierd to have the helmets on display at an Asian sushi restaurant, it doesnt fit, anyway I always sit at the teppin table and get steak and shrimp and I should have stuck to that routine. This time I was in the mood for sushi and so I ordered the shrimp tampura roll and a spicy tuna roll. The shrimp roll was ok not my favorite. The spicy tuna roll was no good at all. The tuna was bad and should have never been served.. This has to be the worst roll I have ever had. I wanted a roll with crab and they do not have real crab at all. I dont mind paying extrea for it but to not have it at all is BS. My friend had the Egg Noddle with shrimp bowl. The bowl they serve it in is rediculous. It is huge and just annoying to eat out of. My friend took just a few bites and sent it back.  It took about 15 min from the time I ate the tuna roll and payed the bill and got into my car. By this time my stomache was a mess and needless to say it ruined my Friday night. I spent most of it in the restroom every 15 min for a few hours. This place is no good and I will not be back.
1	Yay my first 1 star review!! I didn't die after dining here so maybe that's a bit harsh but that's just how I feel. This place just plain sucks. Granted I didn't try much on the menu, no meat, no seafood but judging from the other reviews it probably would not have mattered.I probably never would have come here but I got forced into going with a work group for the obligatory birthday celebrations. I usually try to avoid these because the short list of where we end up usually includes Olive Garden and TGIF. Meh.I had the asparagus rolls and sweet tofu sushi(Inari). I had to load the tiny little asparagus rolls with ginger, wasabi and soy sauce to give them any sustenance. The sweet tofu was missing some normal ingredients I was expecting, the tofu pouch was mushy and cold. I snuck some vegetable tempura off a plate of a coworker and even that was not anything great - how do you f up Vegetable Tempura?!The biggest issue was when I got there I asked for water. When the waitress came back asking if I was having anything to drink I said just water. When the meal was over and I asked if I could get a water she came back 5 min later with nothing but the checks for everyone. Awesome. The Teppanyaki guys were pretty good, I will give them that. I don't know how everyones else meal was and frankly I don't care. I lost 45 minutes of my life and $11.25 I will never get back. Saynara Ah-So.
3	This year's winner for strangest restaurant lay out goes to Ah So !  Here is the system they used to decorate ..take one elongated triangle of a room, place  the sushi bar and the bar on the long solid wall. Place teppanki tables in the very back of triangle room . Then place rows of table throughout the rest of the place. And don't even think about a actual bar area for patrons drinking. Drinking can only happen a the actual bar with stools.  Then place for large screen TVS for random sport events. We just kept saying isn't this weird?This is what the designing whizzes at Ah So came up with .  I hope they didn't actually pay  anyone to come up with this plan for them . The interior space just reeks of openness without any allotted spaces. Our table felt like we were in the hallway of the restaurant if they had had a hallway.  Luckily  our server was really wonderful and spot on ..his attitude made us feel welcomed  and served. Food was decent not earthshaking but better than a couple others we have tasted lately.Tako salad was tasty just wish we had more octopus in it. Daughter loved her tuna, salmon and red snapper sushi .  Our caterpillar roll and Las Vegas roll were nicely done .
2	Took my kids there and had an ok experience.  waitress was ok and made few mistakes on our orders.  We waited over 40 minutes and seated next to bunch of roudy teenager.  We ordered sushi and sushi was terrible.  we took a bite and sent it back.  Teppan sushi was mediocre at best and nothing entertaining.  We took our kids to Bennihana few weeks later and they had much better time( bit pricey).  Its ok place if you live close by but sushi I would not recommend at all... I hope this helps.
3	This is one of those "I'm trying to be trendy for the young adult crowd" type of restaurants... and as you can see from the prior reviews, they got one big FAIL.I've had their teriaki and their teppanyaki which were good... but I would say they are more expensive than they deserve to be.  I have yet to try their sushi, but with the service issues they have at this location, I am not going to hurry back to try it.When we went, it was JAM PACKED and we were lucky to get there at exactly 5:30.  We still had to wait for the teppanyaki table, which happens, but that place filled up and was so busy by 6:00pm, it was WAY too crowded.The decor is WEIRD.  See all the other reviews.  It is disconcerting.  It's like they wanted certain characteristics that don't mesh well in the restaurant, but it's working like trying to put a square peg in a round hole.  You don't want to sit around and chat, just eat and get out so you can say you ate at Ah-So.It's ok... but nothing special... verging on 2 stars though.
4	this was not my first Ah-So experience, i have been to other locations.. with that being said, i have to admit it was different. not in a bad way, just a little different, the wide open layout was actually kind of cool, and the hanging plasma tvs and sporting decor are just out of a eye range in case you do not want to see them. but set well so if you do want to watch the game or jersey shore reunion.the wait was non existent, maybe because i went on a tuesday afternoon.. tho i think wait times should be addressed in a review, i would never dock a point for a long wait.. now onto the food, i ordered an iced green tea, it was good, some places use a different tea for the iced, but this is hot tea over ice, +1 for that.  i ordered the tuna tartar, as i try to as often as possible when i have sushi.. and it was good, but... not the best i ever had.(drake)the soft-shell crab roll left nothing to be desired, perfectly tasty.  i even tried one of the vegas rolls on my table, it was pretty good, i usually do not eat those types of rolls, but i may again now =)i ordered a sashimi sampler type item, it was delicious.. seems as fresh as you could get in Arizona.for my main course i ordered a combination fillet and chicken.. it was great.. they give you two sauces with it.. fried rice, and just the right amount of perfectly cooked vegetables. +1 again and i did not forget the red bean ice cream.. very good =)the service was nice, the staff were very personable and not drab like many you encounter mid week.oh, and i also had a water.. which was filled up often.. and i read a horrible review that almost made me not want to come, i decided to go ahead and ignore his review..because with a name like "Caleb B."  i was perfectly convinced he was an expert on asian food #sarcasm
2	This was my first visit to an Ah-So restaurant and went with a party of 9 for the Teppanyaki style show. If you've been to places like Benihana, you'll probably be disappointed as I was. Not much of a show. The standard egg tricks and that was about it.I had the Japanese Lettuce Wraps, Samurai Combo and Filet & Scallops. The lettuce wraps were quite good, The scallops mediocre. Scallops were cooked longer than I would have liked. The Filet was very tender and I liked to seasoning they used.Atmosphere wasn't as cozy and private as you'd find at a Benihana. Price/value ratio was a bit high in my opinion.Overall, not bad but after living in Japan for two years, not a restaurant I'd go out of my way to get back to.
3	Dammit. I thought I found a hidden gem, and it turns out to be a chain. WHatever...This place has it all for the Japanese lover in you. Sushi, outdoors dining, hibachi if you're so inclined, and about 1700 televisions throughout the dining room. It sort of feels like a gymnasium - it's massiveness is somewhat - well - massive.Anyway, on to the food. Ate here twice during a visit to Phoenix for work. The fish was (generally) very fresh and very good. We did order some tuna that was not quite right looking, and since I'm flying tomorrow for 4 hours, I decided it wasn't worth the risk.Typical sushi / Hibachi fare, and it stands out in a massive planned retail community stuffed full with Olive Garden, Red Robin, Applebees, P.F. Changs, etc. You get the idea. No original food to be found in this -- dare I say it -- barren wasteland of retail blahness. It's kind of like being in the desert. Oh wait....Anyway, good sushi, good service, kind of weird on the atmosphere scale - really quite barren inside. The weather was awesome, so  we sat outside both times.I will repeat, but only because the alternatives are corporate deep fried cardboard.
2	Ah-So was just sort of so-so.  Sushi, could have been better.  Service really needs help.  It shouldn't take so much time to get our bill so we could escape.  I might give it another chance down the road, but we spent a lot of money for lunch and just walked away kinda annoyed.   I was a little turned off by the decor but could overlook this if the food really wowed me.
1	Second BAD experience here so I had to write something.  First time I came here on a Saturday in June because they had live music.  The Norterra website stated that they had $2 Domestic drafts.  When we got there the manager said that the Happy Hour prices were $3 for the beers, I asked him multiple times if he wanted to see my iPhone where I had the website brought up, he told me no and he would take care of us.  When the check came, go figure they were $3 and the manager Don was nowhere to be found.  So yesterday I decided to try this place again with 3 other people.  We order our drinks, get a couple spicy tuna rolls for an appetizer, some yakisoba noodles from the kitchen and 2 Sashimi platters.  15 minutes after our order was put in the same manager's family comes in and sits next to us.  The Yakisoba noodles come out with our "Appetizer".  We wait another 15-20 minutes still no sign of our waitress, our drinks have been empty and no Sashimi platters, we catch the bartender walking around who was nice enough to bring us some more drinks, and notice the same manager from before, Don bringing two Sashimi platters to his family next to us!  When we call him over to complain he tries to throw the waitress under the bus, even though we saw her put in the order.  We asked for our check and paid for what we ate/drank and Don was as, he put it "Nice Enough" to take off the Sashimi platters that we never got (Like I'm paying for food we didn't get??!!).  Until they can find a new manager I will not be back to visit this place!
2	This place is a Junior Varsity version of a sushi restaurant. 1. Their sign outside says they open at 12 am on Sundays, how do they not notice that mistake???2. Their menu has typos such as their drink list which says a drink has raspherry in it3. I ordered a very basic roll, spicy tuna, and it was no good. It tasted like it was picked up at Costco or some super market. If you can't do a good spicy tuna then I don't want to try any of their more complex rolls.
1	I have been to other Ah-so and have loved them, but i would not recommend this Ah-so. I've tried this place a few times now and have been disappointed every time. Sushi was horrible and very inconsistent. I have ordered multiple rolls on each occasion and each roll tasted funny or was poorly made. I could barely pick up the roll with out it falling apart. Service has been horrible. I won't be coming back to this Ah-so.
2	Cool atmosphere..but make sure you pack your lunch before you go there cuz the food sucks. Kinda pricey too.
1	Decided to run in here, because it's close, for a quick sushi dinner and afterwards, we wished we hadn't.  They were NOT nice to us, it was like we were inconveniencing them, even though there were many many empty tables.So... as we are talking with the hostess, working on being seated, some snooty chick comes up, interrupts and says, "um, we need to be seated NOW".  The hostess then asks, "Is your party all here?" (which is necessary when you are doing the teppanyaki) and the girl said "No, but they will be real soon so we need to do this now."I wanted to slap that girl.  Where are these people's manners that their momma taught them!?  I don't care of you think you look like hot shit, I was here first, so don't interrupt and then proceed to be rude.So we order some of the specialty rolls.  And were told some 10 minutes later that one of the two we ordered is not available.  So I picked another.  Waited another 10 minutes.  Then was told the other one of the originals wasn't available.... Really?So I actually had to ask the server "So which ones can I order where I'll actually be able to get it?"Bad news.  I'm real easy going because I know just how hard that job is, but come on.I just love being ignored too... no acknowledgements, no "hope you enjoy your food"... no "do you need a refill"... wrong.Don't appreciate it.The only good part of the whole night was a server named Steven who came up and joked with us when delivering the last roll.  That was the highlight.I've decided I'm not going back.
5	The sushi is okay, but their steak is so good. I love their fried rice. Weird decor... They should really work on that!
2	I didn't think it was even as good as most of the chains as far as the filet went.  My wife did like the rainbow roll though.I would not come back.
2	Wife and I went here for the teppinyaki experience. We were less than impressed as it was CLEAR that our "chef" was pissed off at something before he came out to cook our meal. He gave us no "show" and to pay $30 for terriyaki chicken without the show was annoying at best. The manager  was placating at best when the ENTIRE table complained about it. Decor was plain and antiquated. The place lacked piz-azz.
2	Ah-so needs a breakdown of what they're all about, so here it is:Location: Great! Pretty much the only place to get a variety of sushi in Norterra/Happy Valley.Restaurant: Different. It's nice inside, but a little strange with the combination of football helmets and ancient Japanese decor. It's like Applebees & P.F. Changs got together and had a baby... a very ugly one.Food: Amazing! The food nothing to complain about when it comes to taste. I've had a few different sushi rolls and both types of calamari. All of it was delicious. Service: Terrible. This is where Ah-So fails big time. The service when you walk in isn't very welcoming as you're greeted by an either flustered or snooty hostess. No smiles with "Hello, how are you?", just a blank stare, then a smirk with "How many?". If you're lucky, you may hear a "Welcome to Ah-so" while she's staring down at the seating chart. I like what Jessica H. says: "...it was like we were inconveniencing them, even though there were many many empty tables." So true Jessica!The waiting area for tables is super small, but that's not really the problem. The problem is WHY we're waiting. Both times I've gone, we've waited for 10-15 minutes when there are at least 5 tables out there with no-one sitting at them, and another 2 or 3 tall tables in the bar area (which is fine for 4 college students). Some have dirty dishes and some are ready to be seated at. However, we all end up sitting there (or standing) waiting and waiting. Mind you, this is just weeknights that we're going, I haven't been brave enough to try a weekend meal there.When we're finally seated, the fun had only begun. The wait for food is painfully long sometimes. The first time they screwed up my order, which was fine because they ended up giving me the extra calamari for free. But the second time we went I ordered the Vegas roll, it was a good 5-10 minutes before mine came out. Meanwhile, everyone else at the table had already received and finish theirs. Not a good feeling when everyone is waiting for you to finish eating because you're food came out so late.The only good thing about the service was the last waitress we had was actually quick, nice and somewhat decent. If I were you, I would take the extra couple minutes and drive to Koi in Arrowhead, or even Sushi Brokers in Scottsdale. If you don't care for sushi and want the steak, just go somewhere else in Norterra. There's definitely plenty of other restaurants with MUCH better service (like Mellow Mushroom or Buffalo Wild Wings).
5	two words.... SAKE BOMBERS!! the fillet is great. Sushi is top notch.
1	Ah-So, or as I like to call it "the sushi warehouse". This has got to be one of the strangest Japanese restaurants I have ever been in. First of all its ridiculously uninviting. One gigantic room with warehouse height ceilings and a bunch of tables and chairs. Zero flair with no intimacy. I felt like we were dining in the middle of Costco. Unfortunately the layout and decor is the highlight of this place as the sushi is just plain terrible. When it hit our table it was luke-warm, chewy and pretty much awful. Check please!
1	Ah-So Sad is what this place should be called.  We'd read the Yelp reviews before we went but were really, really hoping to like it as it is the ONLY sushi joint in this area.  We had called in our reservation prior and were seated right away... so it was off to a good start.  And yes, the decor is very multiple personality... but I could care less if they have good food.  We waited for a few minutes for our server, then a few more minutes for our waters and a long while for our beers.  The sushi combo's seemed somewhat odd, but we figured we'd give them a shot.  Lots and lots of tempuras in the rolls, which is not my thing... if I'm ordering sushi I was fresh fish... not a bunch of fried foods.  So we ended up ordering a Sunset Roll, a Spicy Tuna Roll, a Surprise Dynamite Roll, and order of Yellowtail Nigiri and an order of the Sake (Salmon) Sashimi.  We waited forever for the waitress to bring out our miso soup, which she actually spilled a lot of my husbands as she was walking away and didn't check, apologize, or anything... just walked away.  The soup was your run of the mill miso and thank goodness she brought it out  because we then had to wait WAY to long for our sushi.  While waiting for our sushi, I noticed one of the other servers attempt to deliver our sushi to two other tables, before finally deciding she didn't know where it went, took it back up to the window to sit and walked off.  I did notice she told our server the order was up, at which point our waitress took off to the kitchen.  So were are sitting there at our table looking at our food on top of the sushi counter... wondering where our waitress was.  At one point I almost got up to go get it.  10 minutes later our waitress finally emerges from the kitchen, gets our sushi, brings it to us, and casually asks us, "Everything okay?" and then walks off.  It wasn't much to look at, but hungry... we dig in.  My husband never has a problem with eating sushi... usually I'm the one that makes the mess, but every single roll we tried fell apart.  This was bad sign number one that this place doesn't know what they're doing when it comes to making a sushi roll.  And the hits kept coming... #2:  our spicy tuna roll was basically chopped tuna and wasabi = not a real spicy tuna roll.  If a place cannot even make a spicy tuna roll it is a bad sign.  The sunset roll was the best out of all of the rolls we ordered, but I noticed that they don't use real crab... it is all imitation here.  The Surprise Dynamite roll was quite bland and my husband mentioned that it was really dry for a roll that has sauce and is baked... and again was filled with imitation Krab.  Our nigiri and sashimi were good, but this day in age with shipping and the ability to be able to get fish anywhere and anytime... you really cannot screw this one up.  All in all... the rolls were pretty tragic and sad.  Use of imitation Krab is not okay especially when the prices were inflated.  And the prices of our rolls, but especially the nigiri and sashimi was ridiculous (and not in the good way) considering how little we were given.  Any other sushi place we've visited when ordering that much we are stuffed upon leaving, here we actually decided we were both still hungry so when to get some fro-yo elsewhere.  And service... well, that definitely has room for lots of improvement as well.
2	Ah-So Sushi & Steak is really a 2.5 star rating but only because my son loves the show the Chefs put on at your Teppanyaki grills.  If it was for my son giving you guys props this would be a 1 star rating. Restaurant ~ yes this place is laid out weird, may be it's due to the location.  It's sort of a triangle-ish shape with the bar placed at the front door, the sushi bar away from the regular bar, which doesn't make sense, and then regular dinning to fill the triangle with the teppanyaki grills at the far end.  I looks a little worn which is surprising since this place is fairly new.Service ~ this is where they could use some help. It's hit and miss depending on where you sit and which server you get. My last visit was at the sushi bar and the service was a complete miss. She gave my order to the one sushi chef that was the busiest, so I waited and chatted with the other two sushi blokes while waiting for the first chef to find my order. Why not let he pencil something new? But no sir, we need to find your original order so we don't make you two. (what!)  I reached for my glass of H2O and my glass was sticky! GROSS! I was going to ask for a manager but that's when my server apparently got lost somewhere in the triangle vortex of this place and did not see her again for 15 mins..Food ~ Sushi menu is very plain with only a few options so I ordered their  special sushi roll with spicy scallops on top of a California roll and some Hamachi sashimi.  The sashimi was ok, it didn't look very good but there was not fishy smell so I ate it.  Their sushi roll was crazy funny looking. It was not cut even at all, fell apart and the spicy scallops were mushy.  Yuck! I could not eat it.  When we eat their teppanyaki grill, it's also a hit and miss depending on the cook your get.Over all ~ Meh, I've experienced much better.
3	4 of us went on a Friday night for Teppanyaki.  We got there at 6:25pm, the wait was 1 hour.  DUDE, I am starving...  OK, fine.  We were waiting by the front door, but people kept smoking right in front.  So, we walked outside for the car show to kill time.  It was almost 1 hour, we were finally seated.  I was a good 5 mins before a server knowledged our table of 9 teppanyakiers (4 of us, and another 2 and 3).  She took our drink orders and it did take her a bit to come back.  Then she was finally here to take our appetizers, sushi, and dinner orders.  We all placed our orders.  The Vegas roll came up first.  You know what, that was my first time eating a roll.  It was very very good.  Instead of seaweed, it was with soy paper.  YUM!  My gyozas came next.  They were frozen and deep fried, so average...OK.  My husband's sushi took forever to come.  We had to ask the server about if the order was put in or not?  She checked and said they are plating the order.  He got his sushi and he said it was very good.  The teppanyaki chef was entertaining.  The chicken and steak dinner with fried rice was ok, I had better teppanyaki food.The service was below average, we had to keep asking for refills.  I am not sure if it was the server or the area that she had to cover.  Just slow service.  This should be 2-1/2 stars but the chef was fun so rounds up to a 3.
4	Good Sushi, just wish the prices were a little lower!
3	Food = Excellent.Service = Poor Poor Poor.Sushi and steak are easy to make. I eat out to be served and that is where AhSo falls Oh So Short.
1	I honestly wouldn't give this place any star's if that was possible. It's been awhile since I've had absolutely horrible service and tasteless food all in one visit. But this location seemed to hit both.The service was HORRIBLE. My friend and I decided to sit at the bar, thinking that getting drinks would be easier but the girl was for lack of better words just out of it and not paying attention and we had to wave her down every time we wanted to get something to drink.As for the food. THE WORST sushi I've ever had. The rolls were seriously overpriced, and disgusting.Aside from the fact she just completely forgot two of our rolls. Our meals came with soup that our waitress/bartender forgot about and she but after we reminded her she brought them out and it was basically just broth no tofu. Totally cheap'd out on the Miso Soup. I left that place soo upset and just soo disappointed. I would STRONGLY suggest you not waste your time nor your money on making a visit here. I have plenty of positive sushi reviews and suggestions if you're looking for a great spot.
1	In Phoenix on business.  Saw the reviews but figured I'd give it a go anyway.  Grabbed 2 rolls to go so I could go back to my hotel room and work.  I ordered the rainbow roll and the philly roll (asked to have cucumber added).  What I got was some sort of roll stuffed with "crab" with something cooked ( fish or eel) on top.   Everywhere I've been the rainbow has raw fish on top.  Philly was okay, i've had better from Whole Foods' sushi counter.  Pretty disappointing overall.
2	I love Sushi! My wife and I just moved into the neighborhood of the ASHO on Happy Valley road and we were looking forward to going. Service was fine as we were early about 5:30 on a Friday night. The sushi however was priced high end while the quality of the sushi is low end. I ordered the Rainbow roll which at other places consists of a crab or spicy tune roll covered by an assortment of fresh fish and avocado. However at ASHO they cheap out and use a standard California roll covered by an assortment of avocado and fish.Everything else we ordered was average with small proportions and higher price than other great sushi restaurants in the area. For north west Phoenix I recommend  2 other places; Sakana on 59th and 101 has great sushi with huge portions of fresh fish for the same prices of ASHO. My other recommendation is Tokyo Lobby on 59th ave and Bell road in front of Wal-Mart. Yeah I know, but don't laugh till you have tried their sushi; it is awesome! They are a little cheaper than ASHO and Sakana and the portions aren't as large as Sakana, but I do believe they make up for it with flavor and their unique rolls (don't pass them up.Overall rating:ASHO (Happy Valley road) -----overpriced under deliver with small portions and cheaper ingredients in their rollsSAKANA-------Excellent sushi and proportions a little pricey but worth itTokyo Lobby-----Great sushi, great prices proportions are not as large as Sakana
5	Great food, service, and people.  Interior is redone and looks great.  All the Teppan chefs are on point.  The sushi is bar is good also.  Friday and Saturday is real busy.  Try going on weekday.  Its a good place to grab a beer and a bite after work.
3	We have patronized Ah-So many, many times...After reading other reviews I have decided to post one based on our many experiences.  First of all, we love the Tuna Sashimi, has always been very fresh and very good.  We also get the spicy tuna roll, crunch munch roll, edamame and sometimes gyoza.  The food is why we have always gone back..We have never been disappointed with that aspect.  The service however, has always missed the mark.  From rude or uninterested hostess/greeters to ever changing food servers to inappropriately dressed female bartenders.  We ALWAYS sit at the round tables in the "bar area", we may or may not get waited on before asking for service.  It seems that if you see a server, but you are not in their section, you don't get served...very disappointing that a server can see you have been there for a good 5 minutes and no one has helped you and they don't even stop to see if they can get you anything.  Another aspect that is irritating is the fact that we do frequent the place, at least once a week and never any type of recognition that they even know who we are.All of that being said, and why I have now rated them at 3 stars...Last night (Saturday) we had an absolutely awesome experience!  They have a new Sushi Chef and it is very apparent based on the rolls and sashimi, as I said, we always liked the food but last night it was exceptional.  We like what they are doing with the decor, looks more like a restaurant than a sports bar, although they still need to do something with the cafeteria style look to the center of the restaurant tables...not inviting at all. Now for our service...our server was Ali, for the first time ever...He recognized us as regular customers, greeted us with a friendly demeanor and even remembered what we had to drink on previous occasions.  He got our order perfect, made sure everything was great, kept up with our drinks, etc without being obtrusive or overbearing.  He even made sure the manager Po, came over and introduced himself and chatted with us about the changes being made...this made for very personal service and an enjoyable evening.I am only giving 3 stars, although last night deserved 5 stars, because I want to make sure they keep up with that level of service and that things are really changing around there for the better.  As of now...Great Job Ali and Ah-So Chef's!
4	Great friendly service at the bar. The place has been totally redecorated, no football helmets any more. Food was top notch and fresh. Good spot. Give another try!
1	This particular location is a major disappointment. I work nearby so I've given it several chances, as I love Japanese and have had good experiences at the Bell road location.I've been here 6 or 7 times and have had worse than poor service each visit.  I've never had a drink refilled, I've never received my food in less than 35 minutes, and I've never had anything other than marginal sushi.  I have many friends that have given this location a go as well and they all had the same experience.  There's not much else to say.  If you're thinking of eating here, give it a pass and hit up the original Bell road location.  The last time I was there the service and food were both great.
2	I was disappointed with this place. I eat a lot of sushi and was not impressed. Part of the fun is the plating but itwas nothing to get excited about just rolls tossed onto a plate. The rolls were basic and not rolled tight. We had to ask for wasabi and ginger and the atmosphere was so loud due to the grill that we had to shout to talk.The only good thing was our server was so sweet but  I won't be going back.
3	We had dinner at Ah-So this evening.The Philly and Las Vegas rolls were good.The teppenyaki chef was a nice young man who was by far the most musical I've ever had.  He was constantly playing an upbeat rhythm with his utensils while cooking our dinner.I have to admit the the onion volcano and train trick always makes me smile.The steak was rare as requested, the chicken was properly cooked.  Everything was spicy in a Japanese salty kind of way.  A nice change from my preferred Thai and Indian fare.All in all I would say Ah-So was on their game.
3	My girlfriend and I stop by here once or twice a week for the teppanyaki table. Sometimes we go and everyone is nice and we get in and out. Sometimes we go and have to wait and deal with a rude hostess then our waitress never comes. Other times we get there and are rushed to the table and the cook starts before we even get our drinks. I like to have 10-15 minutes before the cook gets there to have a drink and enjoy my soup and salad. The sake bombs are good and decently priced. The sushi however is mediocre at best. Every time I've tried it I got room tempature Sushi that seems like it was made hours ago. We have had 2 decent waitresses and 2 decent hostesses in about 20 times of going there. Some cooks just have no personality and go through their routine but others add their own flair and put on a good show. One night our chef was awesome (10/10) but I've never seen him there since then. As a manager of two small businesses I wish I could take control of the place. Sushi preparation an customer service could be improved big time!!  When I go I either tip like 8-10% for the horrible service or everything goes great and i tip 25%+. If you want good sushi go to mr sushi off the 17 and northern. A bit ghetto but the blue flame and tootsie roll are AMAZING. They also have a great happy hour. Overall I go to ah so because the rice and steak or chicken is great and I get sake bombs. Only decent place by me (carefree) for teppanyaki.
3	I am way behind on reviewing, Seriously it's disturbing.  So while I was in Arizona on busines I was dying for some sushi, i mean it was on the companies tab, and my boss him self said " Treat yourself". I figured I would kindly take him up on that offer.  So I asked some locals where some good sushi spots were and I recieved all kinds of answers, when i asked "Where is that" The would give me the cross streets " Oooooooooh its on main and 31st" " What do I look like an effing map of Arizona????" Anyways, i figured I would try this place out it was walking distance from my hotel, (not that I would actually walk,)  I ventured out walked in apparently during happy hour which was nice. Their HH was cool, buy a beer get free hot sake. I hate hot sake but who I am to turn down free booze? The bartender was pretty cool, never caught her name but she  made she to get the job done. Even while she was distracted when her friends came by.  So thats where 2 stars came from, I mean she apparently was a master multitasker and that deserves a couple. The food was "meh" I mean  I was't impressed. but it did the trick.Review Over/
1	This restaurant says they don't take reservations, but will still take your name and number.  (isn't that a reservation) anyway it took 1 1/2 hours until we got seated. Seriously, it was ridiculous and totally not worth it. The vegetarian in the group got the same amount of vegetables as everyone else, the lobster was totally over-cooked and the soup was weak and the salad tiny. Find another restaurant to take your friends. I was so embarrassed that I had suggested this place and would never recommend it to anyone.
4	Great place for cheap Sake Bombs! Only 5$ plus you get free miso soup. Staff is friendly and fun when you've had one too many happy hour drinks.
4	Entirely doable for lunch. Stick to the bento boxes and/or $4-5 rolls. Was skeptical of the "Chef's Choice" sushi box but it was well stocked with quality stuff.
4	Good food...good and friendly service. Can't complain. A little pricey for the portions, however. We even went here on a Saturday night, if you get there before 7pm, I don't think there is much waiting for general tables. We got sushi (smaller portioned rolls, fyi), but  I'd recommend. And we got the gyoza. Not too bad. All was tastey. Oh and try the sake bombers :o)
1	I can't believe what terrible service we had the other evening.  It was Sunday late evening, not crowded at all.  We came in for a late dinner and ordered mostly sushi. The waiter brought out my sushi and it didnt have the rice on the outside, which has never come that way before. I asked if he could have them add it to my roll and he just walked away. When he returned, I asked again and he said he would just have them make me a new one. I waited a half hour and finally asked if my new roll was coming soon and he just says to me, "No, I just took your other one off the bill".  I said "well aren't they making me another roll like you said they were a half hour ago"  He said NO.... So I said well can he and he said NO! Ok, taking it off my bill doesnt ignore the fact that I am still hungry and have been waiting a half hour for a meal that really was never coming. Everyone else at the table was already done with their food and I was starving. I think it was terrible service on his part to tell me they were making me a new roll and then never come to tell me they weren't until I asked where it was a half hour later...then say they just werent going to make it.
5	I arrived in Phoenix last night and was craving for Sushi.  Coming from California where there are abundance of excellent sushi places, I didn't know what to expect here in Phoenix.  I used Yelp to find the closest to my hotel and it listed this place but it only had 2 stars out of 50 reviews.  Oh well, there were other places around but I really wanted sushi so I decided I'll try it out anyway.  Let me tell you, I had a good night and  I gave it five stars because of below. 1.  Ambiance is really nice.  Wide open space and perfect lighting. 2.  Host was very friendly and all smiles.  Directed me to a favorable sized sushi bar.  3.  The waitress was really nice and very attentive to my needs. 4.  Sushi chef "hooked" me up with nice piece(BIG!!!) of fresh Hamachi Kama.  5.  The sushi was excellent and the Hamachi Kama was grilled perfect.Overall excellent service and great food. I'm so glad I tried this place.  Definitely going back a few more times to try the other rolls before I head back to Cali.Update:  Went back two more times for dinner and same experience as the last time.  Everyone is very friendly and the sushi was really good.  I'll be back in month and will surely visit them again.
3	Good food.  Service can be a little slow at the grills.  They only have two chefs during the week.
4	Great place to hang out with a big party plenty of room. I'm not really a Sushi person so I won't bore you with my insight. My California roll and Eel roll were pretty good for the 5 and 7 bucks I paid for them. I also had the Calamari and it was quite good it was strips of Calamari and the sauce had a little Asian twist. I not a fan of Teppanyaki either I think its to pricey for meat, rice, and veggies but they were packed so it must be good I'm guessing
3	This place, located in Norterra, is a bit spendy. They have good sushi, and have the typical fry chef's and have a nice atmosphere. I would HIGHLY recommend a late dinner there, their happy hour begins at 9pm, if you can hold out until then it's a really good deal on sushi and drinks.For the price there are many options in Norterra for dining but I believe this is the only sushi spot. Barkeep and receptionist were very friendly.
2	Went to this restaurant again and now I see why there were bad reviews before. I must of had a lucky previous experience. However, this time we went it was not a very good experience at all. We went on Saturday night (around 6pm, so it wasn't busy at all). We were seated right away in the dining area. We sat down and we waited, and we waited for a server to even look at us. Oh wait, there were SEVERAL servers looking at us, all gathered at the bar. Not sure 'what' they were serving, but there were 5 of them just talking. I'm assuming it was waiters for the teppanyaki?? Regardless, it was annoying. We even had to witness a waiter or bus boy or someone picking up one of the hostess' (who might I add, was wearing a skirt). Very classy Ah-So. Where were the grown ups in this place?! So after 7 minutes of waiting. May not seem like a long time, but you need to be greeted within in 1-2 min. tops in my book (or at least told 'we'll be with you in a moment). We finally get a waiter come up to us and ask 'Have you been waited on?'. Really? You don't know?! We are staring into the wide open restaurant with a glazed look on our faces with menus closed (waiting to order) and no drinks. No...we have not been waited on. Bitter? Yes, just a little, but I was just so sick of bad customer service this topped the cake.The waiter we finally got was nice enough, but the food this time was sub-par.  Maybe that is because we weren't drinking sake bombers this time. :o) And the rolls came out a minute after the appetizer--my biggest pet peeve, I like to enjoy my appetizer first. Anyway, the California roll I had seemed warm and tasted very bland. However, one of the pieces of the shrimp roll I snagged  from my husband, was good.  But my husband wasn't totally sold on the other roll he had as well (I forgot which one...salmon I think). And the Gyoza we had as an appetizer was okay.Overall, I was disappointed with this dining experience.
4	I found this place right after moving to the area and I'm so happy I did. The sushi is so good. Happy hour is only between 5-6pm but the deals are great. I will suggest to stear away from the seafood noodles. Everything else I've had here was great. It does get a little busy (it's the only sushi place for 5 miles around) and it's a bit pricey, but I keep coming back!!
3	We saw all the complaints and even had friends and colleagues telling us this place in Norterra sucked.  Late one night on a whim we wanted to decide for ourselves and we were impressed.  The sushi was really good and fresh.  My mate ordered a chicken dish (we opted to sit in a booth and not at a table where they cooked).  The food was awesome.  My only complaint was the wait staff.  Our waiter was new and wasn't too keen on keeping our drinks filled.    He also never stopped by and asked how everything was, so we stiffed him a bit on the tip.  Otherwise great food!  Worth a try.  I don't know how the other location is, but Noterra wasn't bad.I did only give it a 3 star since the service was bad.  You can't have a great experience with crappy wait staff service.  TIP means TO insure Promptness (or that's what my dad told me) and if they aren't prompt, they deserve no tip.
1	I have finally gotten around to writing a review on this place.  First of all, the food here is at best inconsistent.  We have eastern here about 5 times and the 5th is our last!  Who puts pink rice paper on a spider role?  Service is always mixed bag.  Sometimes good, sometimes really bad.  Why did we go here 5 times?  Because we live in Anthem and we were looking for some good sushi close by.  Will now travel into Phoenix, Peoria, or Scottsdale to get good sushi.  This place is pricey and not worth your money or time.
1	Miso soup was not good at all, the sushi was horrible. Will not return to this location
3	I was in two minds whether to try this place given the very varied reviews. We had a good time, but I would say that was due to being at the Tepanyaki grill table and thus the grilling being done in front of you.The food was good if unremarkable and the service was fairly efficient. It was also pretty popular - we dined early on a Saturday evening (6pm) and by the time we came out at 7.30, there must have been 20 people waiting for tables.
4	Family from out of town for Thanksgiving - wanted Sushi and a show for the kids. I have been to the other Ah-So's in town and was not too impressed. So thought we would try this one as it is newer and in a "hipper" place.Called and made reservations for 13... we arrived on time only to find that they had taken a teppanyaki table for 10 (which they now tell us was the biggest size... would have been nice to have been told this when making reservations) -- and they have crammed 13 seats around it. Luckily we had an infant - so one seat was taken and a highchair brought. Made some elbow room - but still cramped.The food and sushi was just so-so. Nothing really spectacular. The reason that they are getting 4 instead of 2 stars was the Teppanyaki Chef - he saved the day. From the general chit-chat, to the cool tricks he did. He even had some tricks that I had never seen before. Kept the kids and the family from out of town entertained... which is exactly what we needed.Overall: Food - had better; Experience/Chef - was awesome.TIP: Teppanyaki tables only hold 10 people (adults) - so plan accordingly.
4	The Teppanyaki is fantastic and how can you go wrong with Saki Bombers!!
1	Went to ah so for dinner with some friends around 9. started with a lousy host who was not friendly or Inviting at all. Got sat in a booth and waited for a server. Ask to start with 4 waters and 2 sake bombs with Sapporo. He brings us asahi instead of Sapporo and finally had to ask another server for water. we also wanted to get a bottle of wine and then decided to change our order because it was happy hour. He made us feel guilty saying the bottle was already opened. I am a server as well and know that proper wine presentation is to present the bottle to the table and then open it. From our booth I could see the wine bottle sitting on the bar and it was NOT open. We order our food first with appetizers that came out last and way after our sushi. I finally decided I wanted to speak with a manager just to inform not to complain. I ask the Bartender to get a manager for me and the 'manager' was our server. I had to confront him and I asked him about the sushi which the menu is decieving and I told him about how he made us feel guilty about the wine bottle and he definitely was not manager material. I told him I was a server as well and know how it all goes and im not trying to complain. I return to the table and tell my friends how bad of an experience this has been and they all agree. I was in disbelief that he was a manager. I asked another server if he was really a manager and she told me he was. She claimed it was a crazy night and that he stepped in to help. The restaurant was not busy at all. Atleast 5 servers on and maybe 7 tables in the restaurant. Again just speaking my mind because im a server who gives great service and I expect it in return. He came back to the table and said sorry about everything and next time we come in ge would get us sake bombs on him. The food was okay, service was jot the best..
5	I am a regular have since there was only the one on Bell!My family and I go there all the time great for birthdays and my husband and I go frequently for date night.We were their last night and had such an amazing experience that I felt I had to wright a review. We sat at the sushi bar and our chef was AMAZING his name is Johnny I highly recommend him. The rest of the staff was just as pleasant and efficient. My husband asked for something different not on the menu, and gave him a quick idea of what he wanted.....Johnny knocked it out of the park!!! Was soo delicious and had a great time!!!!Might I also mention they have a great Happy Hours as well! ;-)
1	Way to expensive, small portions, terrible service, and the food is decent at best.
1	Server was great. The place itself was dirty, food all over the floor and when I told the hostess that there was food all over the place under our feet, she ignored me. Sushi was ok, and I agree with other posters that it was pricey. I hope to find a better option in the area for sushi. I have tried ari and it was pretty good.
2	I will make this short. I love sushi and this was the worst, most flavorless sushi I have ever had. I guess I have been spoiled by Hana's Japanese Eatery and the freshness and quality there. I did enjoy the cocktail which was called the Ahsosuki.
4	Good sushi, good service.  The prices were very fair.
2	We have always loved the other two AZ locations, however, have now tried this location for the 5th time and are continually disappointed. The service is slow, the sushi does not appear to be fresh and is often served warm. When we told our server yesterday that sushi did not seem fresh she told us that their sushi is always fresh, it is probably because it is hot out side! Really? This is a great location and we are sad to say that we will not be returning, they need to take some lessons on service from the other two locations in the valley!
2	I've always thought this place was just ok. It still is.
5	We have been going to Ah So for years and have never had a bad experience.  The sushi is always fresh and tastes great.  The teppanyaki tables are always fun and they give you too much food.  Stop on by and see for yourself.
4	Good service, good atmosphere, good sushi.  Like that you get miso soup with your sushi order!
4	The sushi here is very fresh and I always enjoy my meal. I would recommend to anyone in the mood for high quality sushi. Prices can be a little high for specialty rolls.
4	After not having a real meal all day, this was awesome choice to chow down. We were quickly seated and had a nice waitress. The restaurant was pretty spacious with a separate bar area, a tempanyaki seating area, and of course booths and tables. Also they have an outdoor patio as well. The restaurant has a modern and contemporary look and feel to it. We had the lollipop roll, and 3 others that I can not remember. All were really good, but the lollipop was most memorable. We also got miso soup and salad before or meal, which was a nice touch. We were stuffed and satisfied. The prices are reasonable.
1	Horrible! I am from Philly and have been in Phoenix for a week now. I have had some great meals in this town, but this was not good at all. So-so service & yucky food. Nasty Appetizer, soggy salad & a tough steak to round it out. Avoid at all cost!
4	We went in on a Saturday night without reservation and we quickly got seated at the teppanyaki area.   We had to sit there for about 5 minutes before we were tended to, but other than that, the experience was very good.  The chef did a great job and put on a great show with the food prep and cooking.   The waitress was quick to provide refills on drinks.
3	Last night my husband and I went here for date night. I don't like this one is much is the one in Peoria but we were able to get right in to a Teppanyaki table which was a nice surprise. I ordered the steak chicken and shrimp and my husband ordered The fillet and chicken. Everything was as you would expect for a Teppanyaki grill except that I never got the chicken that I ordered. I find that weird at a fairly expensive restaurant. Towards the end of the meal when the waitress came over I just discreetly told her I didn't get the chicken and they took it off the bill.So overall it was a nice meal but I prefer Sapporo in Scottsdale for Teppanyaki.
4	This place is very yummy although my personal preference is the 59th and Bell location.  The food is good but its a loud open set up.  We have always had good dining experience and its right by the theater which makes it a good choice for date night.
1	Service and food are not consistent. We came here 3 times to this location and was expecting the same quality service and food, but today was a major disappointment from an employee hispanic sushi chef.Small, very small sized nigiri sushi and the way he responds to my question is not friendly. Just totally ruined my appetite and I stopped eating.I will not recommend this place and will not return to this place ever again.
1	I guess reservations don't mean anything at this location. Think I would stick with the Peoria location .
1	:/
4	I had some serious doubts about this restaurant when friends suggested it. I am in no way a sushi snob, but I have to admit that I have had my share of bad experiences at the larger chain restaurants that serve sushi. I'm not sure what all the negativity is about, but I was very pleasantly surprised. Does it stack up against my go-to favorite sushi restaurant in Scottsdale . . . Ah-No. Having said that, Ah-So still delivered on some fresh melt-in-your-mouth sushi that satisfied this demanding sushi lover.The space is cavernous . . . very large, with modern decor. Tables were nicely spread out in the center while one side was lined with very spacious booths, the other wish a sushi bar and the far wall with teppanyaki tables. First a first-timer, teppanyaki tables are fun, but don't really work for conversations. It is really a show. For us, we had a table smack in the center. I am not a fan of being in the middle of a large space, but it was not cramped and actually quite comfortable. On a Saturday night, the space was not overly loud and we could still use our "indoor" voices and hear one another.We had a fantastic server who I put to the test three times with my drink order. So, I have a particular mixture I like, and was quite specific. The first time he brought my drink out, it was way too sweet so I sent it back. The second time, for some reason it had soda in it, which wasn't in the list, and send that back as well (I don't do anything carbonated). Before he brought back another, he had the bartender come to the table to ask again. She was a doll, and brought back a perfect drink for me! I was impressed that our server didn't get rattled by my being so picky!My other dining companions all had the teppanyaki dinners, and it was quite the serving, with soup, salad, a huge mound of rice and veggies, and their protein. The jumbo scallops were really jumbo. My only complaint in the food department is the soup -- bland, bland, bland. Otherwise, even the salad made of mostly iceberg lettuce was good when mixed with their tasty dressing.A few more words about my sushi and sashimi plate . . . for $25 I also had soup and salad, but when they brought the plate, my eyes bulged out of my head! It was huge . . . enough for three people, at least. Seven pieces of tuna, yellowtail and salmon sashimi, seven pieces of of sushi, and eight pieces of spicy tuna roll!  You certainly get your money's worth here.All in all, it was a way better than average dining experience. If you are not a sushi snob and live in the area, you will be very happy!
2	not worth the trip .  if you are in happy valley and want chinese go to pfchang.  this place  lacks service and quality .  the tuna wrap was slopply made.  the fried rice was like the fried rice at  the mall .
3	I want to really love this place, as it is close to my home, but the price just does not match the quality of sushi.  My recent visit consisted of getting one of their special rolls, which resulted in the size of basic California Rolls you may get at the supermarket.  The flavor and taste were just ok, but there are definitely other places where you can get quality sushi for a better price.  Check out my other reviews.We also went for teppanyaki, and this is always fun if you are with a group or a special occasion.  It is a typical price, and the food tastes like teppanyaki.  I may go back for the teppanyaki, but not for the sushi.
1	food sucked, Hot food cold, sushi was not that great. Service was totally horrible. basically a sports bar,  I have been here 3 times, the last time, we just ordered shushi to go, which was totally underheard of, based on how the servers acted.  Seems like a ton of middle school girls work here, girls at front dest sat me down in waiting area, but then not 5 minutes later, asked why I was sitting there.. I went to pay for food at the bar, because it was to go, but then asked to leave a tip?... I didnt. The AHSO I would go to is on bell and roughly 62nd Ave.. They great you with a smile, food is amazing, sushi is the best, excellent atmosphere.
2	This was my second visit because my daughter lives the sushi, and my steak was much better than the first time. But my daughter found a hair in her miso soup. The waitress was properly apologetic and said she was going to talk to the manager and give us free dessert.The manager came over and told us it looked like a cat hair. What the ....?? If rather think it came from a chef than think they have cats in the kitchen!!! She said "We don't want to bring our pets to work...." Ummm, are your uniforms that dirty???She apologized, no free dessert, just "thanks for being so understanding."Gross.Update: an hour later my daughter's boyfriend is vomiting. Thanks, Ah-So, cat hair and food poisoning.
1	Was just told that they were out of sushi.... Like KFC running out of chicken. Didn't know that was possible, visit at your own risk!
2	Based on my experience this is a "two-star" restaurant but given the experience of two co-workers and a friend "one-star".I've had their spicy tuna rolls, a Bento Box, and celebrated an anniversary at the Teppanyaki table.   I've been there during lunch only and the place is generally empty at 11:30, except on Fridays.The ambiance is nice, nothing special.  I wish the Teppanyaki tables were secluded.  I've never experienced "poor" service here in my 5 -  6 visits during the past 4 years but I go for the food and conversation not to make friends with the wait staff.Service ***Food **Teppanyaki *** (a little salty but isn't it always?)Experience **Price**I've heard three reports of the "dreaded food poisoning" by co-workers and my wife's friend who visited this spring but have never had any issues with myself or my party.  Probably won't be headed back anytime soon, nobody wants to go with me.  Like others have mentioned, stick with the Arrowhead location.
3	I mainly go here for the sushi.  The sushi menu has become somewhat stale as the rolls haven't been changed up since the place opened.  On top of that the prices have gone up which probably keeps me from going back more.  The teppanyaki grills are cool to watch but still a bit on the pricey side for me to take even a family of three to enjoy.  There's no question the food is top notch but it's tough to return frequently as the prices are higher than I'd like to afford on a regular basis.
2	The fish was fresh enough but the spicy crab roll was all heat.  Gyoza seemed overdone and the edamame was bland.  Service was good if you don't count the servers standing around the teppanyaki table chatting away.
1	This was our second visit. We were told the wait would be 15-20 minutes for seating at a Teppanyaki table (Thursday night in December.) The wait was actually around an hour, as the previous Teppanyaki diners stayed long at the table to visit. (We asked hostesses to offer to move them to a regular table to enjoy their conversation; hostesses declined.) The waiting area directly faces the restrooms; the sights and aromas are gross and disgusting. The service was slow and inattentive. The sushi, merely ordinary, arrived only moments before our dinner was ready, after we had inquired of its whereabouts three (3) times. Our chef, Tony, was friendly, entertaining, and competent. The rice and shrimp were amazing; the veggies overcooked; the filet adequate, at best; portions, huge; prices, over the top. My rating is one star, only because of the chef. Although our first visit was better than the second, I won't go back. There are many restaurants in Phoenix with better service, food, ambiance, and prices.
2	Not entirely impressed with the scene here but it wasn't too bad. I'll get right to the point. Friendly staff however, the food (Kobe steak) was overlooked and not what I was expecting, small plate. It was tasty but not worth the $27 for the plate. The sushi was mediocre nothing special. Not a place with top shelf alcohol either. Spent $100 and could have been better off going to Panda Express and spent 1/3 of the cost. Will not return.
1	Ok- I can't even write a review on the food because the service was so bad!  We sat for 10 minutes and was not acknowledged/when we left,I said we were leaving because no one talked to us for over 10 minutes!! They replied,"have a nice night!"  OMG!
