5	"Cats on bicycles!" This is what I was promised at the Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre. My friend Patricia had seen ads on the Jumbotron at the Las Vegas airport for Blue Man Group, Cirque du Soleil, Penn & Teller. Yawn, yawn and yawn. But cats on bicycles! "I can't even get my cats to come when I want them."The first show I ever saw in Las Vegas was Showgirls of Magic, in which scantily clad ecdysiasts performed feats of illusion, accompanied by a 300 lb. drag queen and a Peruvian dwarf. No lie. I have yet to see a true headliner, but these quirky out-of-the-way acts are just what I crave. Cats on bicycles sounded just up my alley.Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre did not disappoint.Gregory Popovich once toured with the Moscow Circus. As he puts it, "Once upon a time there was a country called the Soviet Union. Now it is Russia." He was a juggler by trade, but a clown at heart. And his juggling is amazing. At one point during the show, he juggles clubs while balancing at the top of a free standing ladder. Much of the first part of the show is dedicated to standard circus -- though even during the juggling, a house cat keeps running in and out between his legs. Unnerving.The show should be called the Popovich FAMILY Comedy Pet Theatre, because Popovich is accompanied by four other humans -- two male, two female -- who may not actually be related to him, but certainly should be. They perform in a series of other acts, including a rope jumping act during which on man jumps standing on his hands, and another jumps with his arms and legs intertwined, contortionist style.But you came for the pets. In addition to the cats, there are dogs, birds, and ferrets. What makes them special is that the dogs and cats, at least, are all rescue animals. Popovich has gotten all of his performers from animal shelters, and has given them a new "leash" on life. (Sorry.) As he explains -- he talks to the audience a lot -- you don't really train cats, you just give them an opporunity to do what they like to do. These cats apparently like jumping through hoops, pushing strollers, and pulling themselves along with their front legs while hanging between parallel bars. No cat actually rides a bicycle, though one does balance on a ball as he/she/it walks it across the stage.The dogs are a bit more trainable, so they perform in more acts, including one extended scene set in a classroom, in which the dogs answer math and geography questions, pull practical jokes, and ride  a scooter (perhaps the mythical bicycle of the ad). Speaking of trains, the show opens with the animals boarding the train for Las Vegas. The dogs, cats, mice and birds give their tickets to the conductor and enter their various cars. One dog even plays an elephant, in full costume. If your own pet is stuck for a costume idea for Halloween, this might be just the thing.
3	OK.  5 stars is a little too much for this show.  I can't believe I actually went but the wife wanted to go so I got hooked up with tix from work.  I think I would've been a bit miffed had I paid $40 per ticket.  How Popovich has trained these animals is pretty astounding.  The opening scene with the animals getting loaded into the train was pretty entertaining along with the school house scene he does with the dogs sitting at the desks.  In fact, all the acts with animals in it are pretty entertaining.  But I stress the acts with the animals IN IT.  There is a lot of filler in between animal acts which includes a lot of juggling, some dance, clown acts and more juggling.  Not that they didn't try hard..some of the juggling done by Popovich was actually pretty good (this coming from a guy who can't even juggle 2 balls) but the animals were the main attraction.  I understand why they're not in many parts of the show...its already asking a lot for what these animals do..especially the cats.The V theater itself is pretty ghetto.  The Angelika Theater in NYC is better than this.  I was surprised how few kids were at the show...must've been all couples that took timeshare tours!  Alcohol or something stronger would definitely make the show more enjoyable.
5	This is a fantastic show for kids and rabid pet lovers like me (no pun intended). It plays in the afternoon, at a tiny theater inside the Miracle Mile Mall. It is not your typical, highly-polished, Las Vegas production, but I love it even more for that. It's a variety show of human feats of strength and agility, as well as tricks performed by adorable rescue pets.I highly recommend it for those looking for a more homespun Vegas experience or for anyone looking for a show to take the kids to.
5	when you walk in, there is a DOG DRESSED AS A BELLHOP!!! HA!this show is incredible, start to finish. i don't want to ruin anything but there is a talking bunny rabbit, cats taking death-defying leaps, dogs doing just about anything, and an adorable russian family doing old-tymey russian family circus shit.the best part is that all of the animals are rescues...and its totally cheap for a vegas show...and did i mention it RULES???anyone who didn't like this show clearly hates fun.
4	Took the young man to see this show. They do matinees generally and on some days they do an earlier show and a later show at 4pm.Gregory Popovich has a history with the Moscow Circus and it shines through in his act. Along with cats and dogs he's rescued from the animal shelters, he's created a show that's fun filled for the whole family. It's hard to believe that you can train cats, but Popovich has definitely managed to do so.The young man and I are allergic to cats so we took some Benadryl before going in -- we survived. Even though this particular show is amateurish in comparison to the bigger names such as Cirque du Soleil, it's really heartwarming to see how a man's undying love for animals has brought him to where he is today!! This is definitely a family oriented show because Popovich had his daughter Anastassia on stage too performing juggling acts etc. The 16 year old is an aspiring model and definitely has daddy's talent!
3	Not a show I would normally think to go to, but if you like watching animals perform this is the place for you.  It's a cute little show designed for kids.  We got lucky... picked up half price tickets (so only $20 rather than $40) and then got put in the more expensive front section due to luck.  So we got a lot of show for our dollar.  I wouldn't go back, even with the same seats for the same price, but its cute and good for kids.  Its enjoyable, but look for deals, its not worth ticket price. (Would have been 2 stars had we not gotten the better seats)
4	Weeee!!! Mega cutes! Having left our own little one back home with my sister for the week, I dragged my husband to see the Pet Theatre in Vegas. I was having "pet lag"  being without my dog and the sight of the Popovich family and their pets was like a soothing cute pill. Definitely worth checking out if you have kids or are a sucker for animals and family-run entertainment like me.
3	I was expecting to be a lot more blown away. I was really happy though the animals seemed genuinely loved and not pushed to the brink of craziness. Great for your little kiddies who love kitties.
4	Very enjoyable afternoon show.  A must see for any animal lover, and the price is very reasonable.
4	This show is darling ! The pets could not be any cuter and they obviously love Mr. Popovich and their human caretakers / rescuers.  Mr. Popvoich is also an amazing acrobat and an adorable clown.   He has a cast of very talented gymnasts and performers.  Book your "VIP" assigned seats in advance so that you don't have to line up way in advance for "General Admission" seats and risk a poor stage view. The theater is completely flat meaning the seats in back are not up any higher.  Having a good seat for stage show is worth it!
2	Was expecting a lot more of the animals and a lot less of the wannabe Chaplin-esque human acting.  I kept telling my companion  "Well, the kitties are cute?"Granted, the acrobatic/tumbling assistants were quite good but the whole show must have been having an off day.  The video/music wasm't synched right in the beginning, people were dropping juggling items at a near constant rate & even the animals seemed to be resisting more than half of their cues.We were upsold at the door to VIP tickets (mostly for my companion who had seen the show years ago at Circus-Circus and remembered it fondly) but it was a ripoff and afterward, I even asked for a refund.  There were six empty seats in front of us - not very VIP.  A waitress walks around constantly during the show trying to push drinks, whether it blocks your view or not.  It's a tiny room and a tiny stage - don't block it.Kudos to Mr. Popovich for his gallant rescue of shelter animals and for the care & training they receive.Would I see this show again?  Well, the kitties were cute...but definitely not.
1	My first review of this got deleted (I think its some Yelp/Popovich conspiracy to get people to go) so I will try again.DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOW.Seriously, we walked out.  Horrible theater.  Rip-off prices.  Lack of animals (and when they appear, its just a cat running across the stage -- randomly).  Bad human juggling.The whole thing is a JOKE.  Seriously, a JOKE.  Do not waste your money...seriously.  The theater looks like it will collapse at any time.  The view from the seats are so bad that it takes two large and fuzzy TVs at the sides of the stage.We walked out because we expected animals.  We got humans who can't even do basic juggling.  Seriously, this was the worst show I've ever seen in my life, and I've seen a lot.DON'T GO.
4	My mom saw this show and she loved it. She thought the animals were really cute and loved the little tricks they did. Super family friendly G rated show.
3	Great show for kids! The family is very talented and they work very hard to entertain. They really care about entertainment and obviously love the pets.The V theatre sucks. The seats were uncomfortable and the stage wasn't very high, so you have to look through around the people in front of you to see. I missed a few funny bits because I couldn't see the floor of the stage. The room smelled a little strange and it looked like they just didn't care about presentation. I thought I had walked into an old porn theatre at first.We bought VIP tickets, but were disappointed by how they interpret VIP. They offered drinks for sale, but we were placed in seats that didn't have a table near it, so we wouldn't have a place to put the drinks. The waitress was attentive and willing to block our view every 10 minutes.It seems that the casino isn't worried about repeat business. We felt sorry that such a talented group were forced to perform in such a shabby venue. It's an insult to their skills.
1	The animals were cute and the show was good when the animal appeared... which was all of 5 minutes out of an hour show. I do like how he uses animals from shelters and how he promotes that... but his show deserves 1 star.....They advertise it as a pet show, but really it's just a bunch of random acts put together. Acts you can see at circus circus for FREE. He even has his daughter in this show doing some kind of showgirl dance and some hula-hooping (no animal appearance whatsoever) then he has some kind of quick clothes changing act (again no animal appearance). And then he just juggles the rest of the time. Honestly, the animal only appear for a total of 5 minutes! This is a waste of time. I regret watching this. The theater/staff is pretty unorganized as well. They told us that the doors open at 3pm for general seating (since there is no assign seating unless you are VIP) but they didn't open until 3:45 and they still started the show at 4pm when everyone was still trying to get to their seats. Also I cannot stress this enough! THE COCKTAIL WAITRESS needs to learn some common sense! Throughout the whole show she would walk back and forth in the VIP area (which is right in front of the stage) and block the stage. So when the animals actually do come out YOU CAN'T SEE THEM. This really ticked me off because I wanted to see the animals! And most of the animals are small enough to be completely blocked by the waitress.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ANYONE. SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMETHING ELSE.
5	It takes a big heart, determination and YEARS of patience to train these domestic animals to do the stunts that they did in this theatre. I honestly enjoyed the show and the fact that Popovich uses shelter animals is simply amazing. if you're looking for Cirque-de-Soliel-esque type of show and acrobat, go watch Cirque, but if you're looking for a family-oriented and entertaining afternoon show after walking through all the name brand shops at Caesar's Palace, watch this show.
5	I really think a lot of people who gave this man a negative review are just negative people in general. What do you expect from a show like this? Flying cats? Dogs doing the monologues? Seriously.... the show was great. If you know even the basic premise of the show, you will be happy with what you get (and who wouldn't look into what a show is about when they pay for a ticket???)I went with my boyfriend (we're both in our mid 20s) to see the super cute shelter animals and just loved the show and how they incorporated the animals in it. Like the 'jumping boys from Russia' doing jump ropes and then 2 random dogs doing flips over THEM when the boys did flips. It was insanely impressive to see the animal incorporation in the show. It was a hit no matter what because when the cats and dogs don't act completely on cue, they're adorable anyway and when they do, you're wowed. Definitely go to this show if you're a big animal lover like me or have kids.
2	In this review... To VIP or not to VIP?, honest review, extras.I had heard this was a good show and my mother wanted to see it so I bought a couple of tickets online. I got two tickets for less than $50 total on a half price ticket website and I'm not sure if I would even say that's a good deal or not.Also, avoid paying the extra 10 bucks or whatever it is for a VIP seat. You pay extra to sit slightly closer to the stage and the seat is a random chair that may or may not be next to a small table. They advertise that you get your own cocktail waitress but the waitress comes into the main seating section too.The upside is that the performers are talented, I'll give them that. The animals were entertaining, for the most part. The comedy was very, very hit or miss. I actually laughed more at the times when I wasn't supposed to. Keep in mind, I'm a weird person, so when I saw a random streetlamp floating behind the projection screen, I started laughing. (It was because they were setting up for the next scene. I wasn't on drugs or anything.) People stared at me like "WTF is this guy laughing at?" Anyway...So the Gregory Popovich guy is a juggler. He screwed up 2-3 times while juggling throughout the show, I realize nobody's perfect all the time but I would think that after X amount of performances and years of training, there should be little to no mistakes. At one point, a shoe almost hit one of people in the VIP section after one of the other performers missed catching it and it falls to the ground  below.At one point during the school scene, one of the dogs just randomly decided to jump off the desk and do his own thing. I again laughed at this moment. Later, there are 16 cats on stage on stools and pedestals and one of the cats kept jumping off and sniffing the stage. I laughed AGAIN!So for the positive things: Animals looked hilarious dressed up in stupid costumes and stuff, there's a really hot girl in the show, a little bit of "magic" incorporated, the performers jumping rope on their hands and stuff was impressive.Not so positive things: Several mistakes, clowns are creepy, the comedy was hit and miss, kind of hard to understand Mr. Popovich at times, only about half of the show has animals in it. The rest is human performers doing circus acts. Also, there is a video that is played that honestly looks like it was filmed using a Super 8 video camera from 2002. For the amount of money they expect people to pay, I would want some higher production value.Before you go into the theater, you get your picture taken. After the show you can buy these pictures for $10 a piece. Mr. Popovich also has his DVDs and a book on "how to train your cat". I believe the DVDs were 1 for $25, 2 for $35 and 3 for $40. The book, I think was $25?The bottom line is my mother loves animals which is why she wanted to see the show but she even said she wouldn't recommend this show to people. I would have to agree. Despite this, several people were buying the DVDs and stuff so maybe our opinions were just the odd ones out.I mean, who else laughs at the shadow of a floating streetlamp?!
3	The show is designed for kids.  If you like animals, then definitely go see it. The show runs at 2pm, not much else happening.  Not sure I would pay the extra for VIP seats again, its a pretty small theater and everyone can see well.  The show was fun, and Popovich has indeed done a good job training.
3	This probably was an amazing show 15 years ago. Now, technology and children's attention span has changed. In the beginning and middle of it they show extremely outdated video clips. I would expect more quality for a show in Vegas. Also, through a lot of the show, the performers weren't into it. When performing for kids, one should be animated in both body and face. It was a little too slow and scattered for me, and I ended up falling asleep in the middle. But I just have to give it up to the animals, most of the acts went well!! Just wished there were more acts with them in it. He stepped on one of the doggies tails though @_@ poor puppy...
3	Meh. If you really like watching cats walk on planks, you'll love this show. Heck, even I love watching cats on planks, but not 60 minutes of it.It's a good show for kids and grandmas. And if you can get tix for $10 or less, it's a reasonably inexpensive, somewhat entertaining way to spend an afternoon.
4	This is really a great show and is very kid friendly!  Popovich has gotten his animals from shelters in Las Vegas and he trains them for his show.  The things he gets cats to do are amazing and I had a big smile almost the entire show during the two times I saw this show.There is some juggling in the show and his daughter does some parts of the show, too.I really enjoyed the show and I'd certainly recommend it to anyone who is an animal lover.
4	Really enjoyed this show more than I had expected. It is quirky, colorful and cute. The kids (and the kids in all of us) were giggling a lot. The animals are endearing and his ability to train cats and mice is just mind blowing.The show combines themes of old Vegas variety acts, juggling, acrobatics and choreography. Performed in an up close and personal cabaret environment. If you are looking for something kid friendly and light, I would highly recommend it.I love this show's message that valuable and talented family companion animals can be rescued from your local shelter. Getting an animal from a breeder should be considered selfish, wasteful and non environmentally friendly. Animals are people too!
3	This show features so much pussy! And by pussy, I mean kitty cats. Sorry, I couldn't resist. Popovich Comedy Pet Theater runs mid afternoons Tuesday-Thursdays (closed Wednesdays) in the somewhat low budget, not too spectacular V Theater inside the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shopping center. If you're a pet lover then you'll probably enjoy this show. Popovich personally trains every animal that appears on stage and what's even more impressive is all the animals are rescued.  As far as the show goes, it's just a hair over an hour in length and has some pretty cool moments. Besides being an excellent animal trainer, Popovich is also an experienced juggler. However, there are quite a few dull moments in this show. Popovich also had a few guys in his show who try their best to entertain the crowd but they are nowhere near as entertaining as Pop. Also some of the animal segments are a bit boring. The highlight of this show is definitely when the cats are on stage. It's amazing that Pop has been able to train these kitties so well. Normal price of admission is about $42 a person. Luckily for my wife and I had a coupon for buy one ticket, get one free. I'm glad we had that because I would have benn disappointed if I would have paid $100 for this show. I don't regret watching the show, I actually had a pretty good time, I just think $100 would have been way too much for a not so amazing Vegas show. I'm so thankful we had that coupon. If you're an animal lover or are looking for a kid friendly show, check out Popovich and his show.
5	This show was AMAZING!  I am lucky enough to be down visiting my parents from WA State, and have my 6.5 year old with me.  We have done some pretty memorable things on this trip, but hands down, he says this is the best part of the whole thing.It is not just for kids - my parents and I were fully entertained, as well, and I love that the animals involved are rescue animals.  The care that the human performers obviously have for their fellow four-legged performers is obvious, and the skill that everyone shos is amazing.Mr. Popovich, in particular, is quite skilled, and worked very hard in every aspect of the show.  He was dripping in sweat about 20 minutes in, and it is because of how involved in every aspect he was.  He interacted with the audience beautifully, and was particularly friendly and involving of the children.If you have children with you in Vegas - or even if you don't - check out this show.  You won't be sorry, and it doesn't get much better than supporting a cause that rescues animals - who also seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves. Bravo!
2	Lemme give you a little background, i am 26 and my girlfriend is 22. Animals: the whole reason we gave this a shot was to see some animals do funny things. Parrots talking, dogs doing things on command and maybe something else that is special. Instead it was humans who can sort of do some acrobatics and a little bit of this and that, jumping here, jumping there.The comedy: it's primarily tongue and cheek. Imagine bozo the clown and this might be a notch above that. Music: clown obnoxious stuff the whole time.The show: overall... the show is for older people and KIDS. I'd hear some people laugh at the jokes and it's mainly because these people don't have cable or internet. I had to be a downer here but the show is not worth the price of admission... $10-12 is good, anymore and you're better off buying a drink.
5	We paid about $25/ticket and of cause for this price it will not be a Broadway production.  It was more like one man circus and one very talented man.  The show had a story line, good music, entertaining acts, all the elements necessary to make a wonderful show.
1	I don't like to hate, but don't waste your time on Popovich.  The pets don't even seem to like him.  The dogs kept roaming off and the cats seemed oblivious to the fact that a show was going on.  He needs to stop feeding his obese dachshunds, before they blow their backs out.Maybe he had a bad day, but we were not impressed.  My 13 yo was falling asleep when not texting.  Maybe ok for the smallest of kids, but they didn't seem to get it either.I would not return for free.  Save your time and money.
3	My 10-year-old loved this show and thought it was awesome to get an autographed picture of us, signed by the man himself after the show (for $10). I got VIP tickets and we sat in the front row, I paid $30/ticket purchased on base at ITT. We were nice and close to the action. My complaints: the show was a little bit long, the Russian acrobats stunk so bad that their scent was wafting into the audience *ick*, and the costumes looked like they could use a good scrubdown. The animals were GREAT, wow they are trained well. A cute show-recommend for kids who don't seem to notice B.O.
3	Our family went to see this on a Saturday afternoon at Planet Hollywood's V theater in Las Vegas.  The worst part is this theater has columns that block the view so get there early to get better seats.It is a fun show for people who like animals.  Popovish is an animal lover, but also a great trainer.  I"m amazed that the animals can perform on stage with all the noise and commotion.  The sound system was a bit loud for me, so you might want to take ear plugs if you are sensitive to loud noises, like 90 dB.  Dogs, cats, birds are the main act, but Popovich also juggles and does some classic circus stuff.  He has a couple helpers in jester suits for his "circus" theme. His act is somewhat Chaplainesque and a little bit mime.  It's a smidge corny, but overall a great show for kids ages 6-12.  Show seemed longer than 75 minutes. Very G rated except you have to stand in line by 'The Stripper Bar' with a 20 foot cartoonish stripper at its door!
3	Good show since tickets were free however had I paid a lot of money I would have been disappointed. Needs way more animal skits and on more than one occasion there was screw ups. Piers Morgan would have hit the X button.
4	This is is FANTASTIC!!!It is much more than I expected, with a story and many characters. We went with 3 adults and 1 senior and had a GREAT time. Nonstop laughs and impressive animals. I will see this show again soon!Most of the animals in the show seemed to genuinely enjoy the attention :)I HIGHLY suggest that you see it. Take you family who's visiting, kids or adults, and you will have a great time :)
3	It was alright. We really went just to see the animals and I was a little disappointed to see that all of the best tricks I had already seen from the promotional video for the show. It's a small family-like production and they all look like they are working hard I was just hoping to see a bit more of the cats and dogs. Not bad for an afternoon show but certainly not my favorite show and I've seen many.
1	Horrible show. Even at $20 from the half off ticket exchange on the strip, tickets were NOT worth it. How could this even be considered a Vegas show? Or a show in Vegas  on the strip at all?! The animals looked like they were in fear of Popovich the WHOLE time, as if they were getting abused or something. It's also hard to tell when he's messing up on purpose or if it's part of the show. Anyway, the usher to the seats was incredibly sassy and rude. There is no point of lining up for the first come first served seats if you can't choose your seating! Wasted an hour of standing in line, thank god it was only an hour. Had it been any more, I would've flipped out. Families ahead of us were there at least 30 minutes before we did so I felt bad for them. Also, the music/audio are edited HORRIBLY. I think my dog can do a better job. All I can say is, I felt like I wasted my time and money, even if it was only $20.
4	We liked this show so much the first time we went that when the chance to go again came up, we took it.  So much fun seeing how animals from a shelter could amuse us so much.  Popovich and his family and staff put on a really entertaining show that is great for kids and animal lovers. Unfortunately, when crowded, the V Theater is not particularly pleasant.  Takes a long time to get into the theater and you are herded into your seats but rather impatient ushers.  But much of that is forgiven once the show gets started.
4	Great show!!!  We got VIP tickets for just $10 extra and was totally worth it to sit in the very front row!!!   The show is super entertaining and funny and my kids loved it!!!The only disappointing thing is that they said that the actors were coming out at the end of the show to the lobby, but they didn't.  I wish kids had the opportunity to meet them.
2	I wanted to see pets doing tricks...and what I got was at least half the show in which Popovich and his buddies did tricks with NO animals in sight. If I had wanted to see HUMANS doing tricks, I would have gone to cirque. I wanted to see animals. What was truly sad was the video in the beginning in which they were plugging some kind of product had more excitement packed into 5 minutes than this show did. I remember at one point going 10 minutes without seeing an animal and when the animal did appear, it was a duck twirling around for 2 minutes building up to......pulling something out of a guy's mouth. I sat in shock for about 5 minutes after that. What I do love is that this guy rescues animals. Now if he could only make the WHOLE show about animals. PS having a cat cut across the stage every 5 minutes and "frighten" the performer does not count.
1	I bought a groupon and went with a group of girls to this show thinking it would be filled with a bunch of fun animal tricks. I thought wrong. I can't think of any scenarios where this would've been an interesting show. Not if I was totally wasted, not if I was 5 years old. Although I know it's marketed for kids, it was a terrible show for anyone to watch. As Samantha A. mentions below, there were long periods where there wasn't a single animal on stage. Also the tricks done by the animals seemed elementary - them running across the stage isn't really a trick. I was expecting something much cooler. I felt that even the groupon price for seeing this show was a waste of money. I don't know what kind of buffoon would spend an extra $10 to be in the front row when there was nothing to see in the first place. Side note: We ordered a drink to go with the show and were told to get them at the bar. There was no bartender at the neighboring bar! Luckily, a waitress came during the show and served us drinks so they redeemed themselves there.
1	The previous poor ratings and reviews are accurate.  This theater smells horrible.  Don't see any show here.  I cannot understand how the smell comments haven't generated any improvements by management.  The ticket line, waiting line, seating line are completely unorganized as noted in previous reviews.  If only management  cared enough to correct this issue or the smell issue.
1	Unfortunately this show was awful.  We thought our pet-crazed 11-year old would love it but even he was rolling his eyes.  Besides being extremely corny (which I expected) there were many tricks that did not even work.  The audio was pre-taped and it was like watching a Godzilla movie with bad dubbing.  Don't waste a dime to see this ridiculous show.
3	Brought our tickets through Groupon.  It was worth. We didn't pay to upgrade to the front rows the theater was cozy.  Come early if you have general admission tickets.  It's first come for the better seats. The show was very entertaining.  We had a great time. We purchased our photo for $10 and had it autographed.
5	I saw the show over the weekend on Saturday evening and I loved it. I was with a group of girls and it was a blast though the show is for kids. We got VIP seats which let us sit at the bar while we waited instead of waiting in line. He features animals he saved from the animal shelter which won my heart. Animals were adorable and I would recommend the show to anyone. We took a picture before the show and you can buy it at the end. Popovich signed our photo at the end of the show and he was very gracious.
1	"Poop"ovich.. more like it. This was a disappointing show. Not only was the production a sleeper, the theater had a creepy, low budget feel to it. Coupled with a really strange cast of what appeared to be a bunch of drunken Russian men barely able to contain a lot of hungry stray cats. I think their 'saving animals from the shelter story' holds no water. Even if its true, these poor animals are forced into slavery, I'm ashamed I even paid to support it.And if that's not enough, we were also duped into 'upgrading our tickets' for $10 more per ticket. The box office guy is a trained conman stating that 'without the upgrade our seating would begin at the 14th row...' Meanwhile there's only 11 rows total in their shady ass theater. Ugh. Bad entertainment choice and shame on the  V Theater employees.
3	This was a good family show. And for the price I would recommend it. My 4 year old loved all the animals. Although the pets weren't trained very well it was overall a good show to see if you have kids
5	I really enjoyed the show. The animals were very impressive and did amazing tricks. There was a variety of other acts as well -- juggling, dancing, other circus and clown acts -- not super fancy, just traditional, old-fashioned circus but entertaining enough (do not expect it to be like Cirque du Soleil). We got discounted VIP tickets, and it was nice to be seated in the middle of 3rd row. But honestly, I think there is no bad seat in the house, with the way V theater is laid out, plus it is fairly small. At the end of the show, Mr. Popovich was by the door, personally thanking the audience. He was also available for autograph signing and was very patient enough when asked to take photos with him a couple of times. Overall, me and my boyfriend had a great time, and we would definitely come back. Purrfect show for animal lovers!
3	Only about half the show has animals.  The other half is just 4 people doing circus type acts on the stage.   We got our tickets for tix4tonight which saved about $20 off the show price for two people.  The worse part of seeing this particular show is the waiting.  We were told to get there 1 hour prior to the show and waited 40 minutes for the seating process to start.  I was directed to sit in another chair and wait.  Then I was asked to enter the theater and wait.  After waiting in the theatre, I got a seat in the front.   There was quite a crowd of people for the 4 pm show.   It's a good show to see in Las Vegas if you like family friendly entertainment.  The group of kids that were there with us seemed to enjoy it.
4	We are locals and really enjoyed the show. We are also animal lovers. We went to this show mostly because of the them. However there is also a story that involves acts from all human performers. I enjoyed them all. I think the show is more classical and will be appreciated by people that can see that. The animals were very cute. I liked it when a dog or cat would not cooperate. Gregory let them be after a few tries and continued on. This show has lots of character and is not as flashy as the big shows, but is a great way to enjoy a show with family and friends. I would recommend it. The crew has tons of heart and love for their furry coworkers.
1	Disappointing show after waiting over an hour to get in.  Ushers don't care if you came early for better seating as the sales agent suggested.  There is NO choice in seating.  You have to sit where they place you.  Save your money for a better show with assigned seating.
1	Went here with my wife (kids are grown up). We're animal lovers and thought this would be a fun show.  How wrong we were.I first waited in the tix4tonite line to get tickets for $25. Line was moving way too slow outside planet hollywood and didn't have sunscreen so I decided to go to the V box office and pay the extra $10/ticket. After waiting in the box office line, I asked for 2 adult tickets and was told it was $95. Huh? The employee said the tickets were "30-somthing" and then she rattled off fees added on. I ended up going to the tix4tonite over by the marketplace (towards the m/m factory) and got the 2 tickets for $50. I was told to be at the box office one hour before showtime because they were first come-first serve tickets. Went to the V box office and got my tickets and then waited in line for almost an hour. It doesn't pay to come early since when they let you in, they make you go down to the end of the row. We were behind a cement pillar which blocked the left stage tv screen. Not a huge deal but frustrating that people coming much later got better seats. The show was awful. Animals were in about 1/3 of the show. And most of them just went from one part of the stage to another, or just walked across the stage. The rest of the show was filled with amateur juggling and acrobatics. Here's an example of one of the most disturbing acts. A senior woman wearing a leotard came out and took off layers of dresses each time a screen was placed over her. After she had taken off all the dresses, they brought out a brown (fur?) coat and put it on her. Then, the coat bottom opened up and about 15 ferrets fell to the stage floor, dropping 2-3 feet. Most ran off stage but a few just stood there, either stunned from the fall or thinking what the heck just happened. Yes folks, this was the comedy pet theater I paid $25 a ticket to see. The free bird show that the Tropicana had years ago was FAR better than this.The entire experience stunk. The attitude of the box office employees, the waiting in line, the theater, and the show.  You can get better entertainment by watching street performers.
5	Great show for animal lovers.. Me and my girlfriend had a great time watching all the animals perform..
1	Wow, where to start. I would have hated this show even if it were free. I want the $100 and 75 minutes that I gave to this show back. Maybe 15 minutes total was an animal on stage. The rest of the time, it was goofy crap. The audience (which was only 1/3full) was so confused that there was hardly any clapping. Don't go! I wish I'd read the reviews first. The good reviews have to be written by the performers. There is absolutely no way people think this is even mediocre. I don't know how this show is running in Vegas. A total embarrassment. I'm sure Popovich is a nice guy who loves his animals, but this shouldn't be a show. My 4 month old puppy who just graduated from his puppy class could have done this stuff. I don't get it!
2	Maybe a good show to take your children to.  As an adult I thought it was boring with the animals only on stage for about a quarter of the show.  The rest of the show was very amateurish that you could go see at your local high school.  Way overpriced for what you get.  This is not what you expect for a Vegas show.
5	This show is entertaining, family friendly, and has amazingly trained animals.  That is not something you can say about lots of shows in Vegas.  Tickets are pretty cheap, a family of 4 could go for under $100, and it is early enough in the day to have your kids awake and not grumpy.  If you are complaining that this show doesn't live up to Las Vegas standards, go to the strip clubs that do.  For a fun, entertaining afternoon with your family, this is the place.
3	This show is good for little kids.  The animals are adorable, and they do some cute tricks.  I think adults will probably be bored after awhile.It's good clean fun if you happen to have your kids in the adult town of Las Vegas, and the show is at 4pm, so early enough to get out of the way before hitting the town for the adult stuff.
5	I wanted a family friendly show for my 3 generations of family in town for Thanksgiving (my 4 and 6 year old kids, me and my 87 year old dad). I inadvertently went to the David Saxe Theater Box Office (same production co.) and was almost immediately assisted by a very helpful young lady.  She politely explained that I was at the wrong box office but rather than brushing me aside told me she would be happy to continue to assist me.  She quickly and efficiently printed my tickets, wrote ADA on the tickets (and explained the ADA procedures) for my elderly father, and directed me to the V Theater.  The show is General Admission so get there early for the best seats but I'm not sure there are any bad seats in the theater as it is quite small.  If you have small children you may want to sit a little further back in the "pitched" seats as our third row seats meant my 4 year old sat on his knees and my 6 year old on my lap.  We were literally close enough to see the cast sweat!As for the show, the kids were mesmerized.  Popovich and his small cast are workhorses! I was impressed by the physicality of the show.  Keep in mind this is not some big budget Cirque show the whole thing is done by 4 guys (and briefly one woman).  It's not a but-gusting laughing "comedy", more of a keep you smiling throughout along with some giggles.Popovich's classical clown training comes through clearly and both my dad and I felt  a sense of nostalgia, it felt like a throwback to what we envision a classic cold-war Russian circus to be.  His performance impacted my kids as well, my four year old son watched most of the show with his mouth agape and during the one bittersweet (snow) scene my six year old leaned over to me and said "Daddy, I kinda want to cry but I'm kinda happy." It was heartwarming.  Just as my son's attention span began to wane and he started to squirm... the show concluded, it was a good length for kids (a little over 1 1/4 hours).Take this show for what it is, a reasonable priced, family friendly (especially for young kids 4 - 8), classical circus type show and you will have a great time.  If you want big production, pyrotechnics, water features, etc. go spend 4-5x more and see "O" or Le Reve.  I walked out feeling quite content that I had built a long lasting family memory for my kids and their grandpa.
5	We are animal lovers. One of the reasons why we decided to see the show when it tours in town. Reasonable prices for a family of four at a local theatre. My 6 year olds enjoyed the show tremendously. We were entertained throughout the show. We really loved the whole idea of rescuing shelter animals and incorporating them into various acts. Training animals is hard. Having them sit still can be hard enough, let alone having them do tricks on cue. Overall this is a great show for families, especially those with young kids who love animals.
4	I saw the show in Sacramento, CA and overall I liked it. All jokes, tricks was understandable as I am from Europe. I felt as I was back to my childhood . Animals and performers were good. My 8 year old son enjoyed the show. The only pros that I have that the price was too expensive for the location it was used for the show : old movie theatre that was a cheap , poor place not in a nice neighborhood .
4	Pretty good show shadowed by a horrible theatere; show was really interesting in the beginning and end but had a slight lull in the middle. Daughter enjoyed it and she is 3; make sure you get discounted tickets and tell them to pound sand on box office fees. Make sure you get decent seats as many in the theatere had blocked views.
