3	Sweet Cakes, or "that Mormon place," as many of my fellow workers in downtown Mesa call it, is a good value, and has excellent baked goods.Why "that Mormon place"? Well, sometimes they have a basket with a sign that says, "Free gifts," and you get all excited, thinking maybe it is full of cookies or pens or something -- but then you realize it's full of free Books of Mormon. On the upside? Excellent cookies and brownies. It's only a lunchtime place, and the best value is a soup/salad/half sandwich combo, which comes with a pickle spear and a cookie. It costs about $6.50.The soups are really heavy - I haven't even finished my cups of them when I've eaten there.And, while you won't find any of your trendy pesto-fresh basil - buffalo mozzarella-gruyere-proscuitto kind of stuff here, you will find nice, home-baked breads and simple veggie, turkey and french dip sandwiches. Get the honey wheat bread, it's the best.It's often pretty crowded with the Mesa/Gilbert Stay-at-home-mom crowd, so it can be hard to grab a seat, but the tables clear out pretty quickly.Make sure you grab a big cookie to take with you.
5	Holy Shit! That was the best brownie I've ever eaten!The 5 Layer Brownie is 5 layers of Luscious Sinful Heaven!Devils food brownie base with cream cheese filling topped with chocolate chips, marshmallows and fudge OH MY! (see pics)I also got a Sugar Cookie frosted with cream cheese and a Giant  ginger snap the size of my face, both delicious! (see pics)Cute little cafe offering soup, Boars-Head sandwiches and a few salads, but it looks like there money  maker here is the baked treats. That's what I had and the other customers were all eating the treats too.They have about 10 different types of cookies and 7 or 8 bars, all generously sized and reasonably priced. I can't wait to try them all.5 stars for the brownie at least , maybe I'll try the food some time.Stop in for your 5 layers of heaven! You'll Thank Me Later~
5	Cute, cute, cute!  Sweet Cakes Cafe is an adorable cafe that will make you feel like you've just lost yourself in Paris.  Aside from how stinkin' cute the place is the food is amazingly wonderful too!  I had an enormous side salad,  half of a sandwich, and a divine chocolate chip cookie and left feeling Thanksgiving full.  In all fairness I should admit that my friend and I  ate a few bites of a peanut butter cookie and a sugar cookie as an appetizer but we each really had to take some of our cookie home.Put Sweet Cakes on your to do list!
3	I almost forgot about this place. I'm convinced they put lard in their sandwiches, but the cookies are great!!! When I worked at Mesa Arts Center we used to go there and everyone is friendly. Def do the take out thing, unless you REALLY like kids. A whole lotta kids.
5	Well... The food here is good.  I like the chicken quesadilla for sure.  But the real reason to go to this place is the cookies!  The best cookie ever made is sold here : an oatmeal butterscotch chip masterpiece.  Also--an white chocolate chip pecan craisin cookie.  a legendary gingersnap--and I hate gingersnaps.  lemon bars!  five layer brownies!  chocolate creme cookies!  pumpkin bars which my god are ridiculously good.it's very mesa-y and homey (not like hardcore homey, come on now) and the decor is countryish.  but if you want good cookies/desserts and decent food, go there.one more thing--they have this frosted sugar cookie which everyone claims is the best thing in the whole place.  lofty assertion, indeed.  you should make your own decision...
4	It's a cute place and it's decorated to feel nice and homey. It achieves that. But I'm not there for the ambience, the sandwiches or the drinks - they have Pepsi on tap. SCORE for them. But that's not what I'm here to write about.The cookies. That's what you come to this place for - the cookies. That's why I'm writing about them, too.If you bake them, they will come.When I used to go to the Mesa Arts Center to do work on my jewelry, I'd always have an extra $2 in my pocket for the sugar cookie. I would have one, but it was seriously my crack cocaine. I felt like one was never enough.I've tasted all their cookies and frankly, they're honorable mentions when you pit them against the good god almighty sugar cookie they make.Sugar cookie, with that frosting on top...no other cookie out there can compare. It is the one thing that got me hooked on trying to replicate it. I didn't want my husband to know I had spent about $10 a week on cookies since I used to be at the Mesa Arts Center 4-5 days a week.Eventually, my sugar cookie habit was discovered. An intervention ensued. We won't talk about that. I know it came from a good place by my husband and well meaning friends, but I still harbor a slight bitterness towards them...Since then, hubby's learned to sleep with one eye open.Ok, putting their sugar cookie addiction aside, I've also had their food. It's nice, but nothing I'd really rave about. It's a little on the pricey side and I'd much rather go around the corner, snarf down some Taco Bell and use the extra money saved towards an extra sugar cookie. :D
4	Yeah the lunch was good...but woah...those freakin cookies were out of this world (after I scratched off the layer of icing on the sugar cookie).  I had a tasty french dip, my hubby had another sandwich (can't remember) and my daughter had a cheesy grilled cheese.  She liked the pickle the best though.  I will say the next best thing to those cookies was the tomato bisque soup.  I will definitely stop in again for that!  Cute little (no actually big) ambience and outside seating for those great sunny days.  It was also good for kids as you know all Mormon places would be but ours was the only little one in the shop.
5	Awesome Cookies!They are opening a yogurt shop in the space next door so i cannot wait for the 5 layer brownie smashed down with a layer of frozen goodness.Definitely stop in there and test out one of those tire sized Carmel Pecan Cinnamon rolls
3	I go here for the COOKIES!!! The sandwichs and soups are okay, but the draw is the cookies!
4	I love the simplicity of this small sandwich shop.  Expect to pay around $7.50 per meal, which isn't bad, but maybe a little too much for the simple sandwiches.  The sandwiches are great, don't get me wrong, but it's nothing I can't whip up on my own at home with some better-than-Walmart groceries.Good, fun, clean place in a nice location.  It's worth stopping by if you're in downtown Mesa.
4	I'm secure enough in my masculinity to unequivocally endorse this place.  Look past the shabby chic decor and the gossiping grandmas and you will find some great sandwiches and the best sugar cookie I've had in Phoenix.  A great meal in a great part of Mesa.  Now if only we could get more activity and life in that neck of the woods.
5	Loved it! We took our little boys to Sweet Cakes before an afternoon at the Mesa Temple and it was yummy! The offer a kids meal and our boys ordered grilled cheese sandwiches. Nothing out of the ordinary but perfect for a 4 year old and a 7 year old. My husband had a ham and swiss melt that he said was good and I really enjoyed the turkey, avocado, and sprout sandwich I ordered. I am thinking this is more of a ladies lunch place. I liked the fact that the sandwich was not so big that you didn't wonder how you would even be able to take a bite but my husband left saying he was still hungry. Sandwiches come with a chocolate chip cookie that is the main reason for the 5 stars. I am a picky person about my chocolate chip cookies and this was the best one I have ever had. EVER. We also got some baked goods. Sugar cookies, brownies, and a giant Oreo cookie...all of which were delicious!
5	I finally made it to sweet cakes. i had my nieces with me and i like to buy their love, so what better way to buy love than with cookies?!?  you can probably buy my love with cookies, too. i love cookies. i love cookies so much that i will even fall for the 'sugar free' gimmick pillsbury cookie dough when im dieting. everytime. i think- 'maybe i didn't make them right last time, i should try it again.' ya, it's really hard to make slice and bake cookies.... and by 'slice' i mean 'already cut into perfect round cookie dough bits that just need to be placed on a cookie sheet'. and for the record, the sugar free cookies taste like BBQ'ed plastic.i also love cookies so much that i will go out to dinner with friends to oreganos. not a fan of oreganos, but i will replace dinner with a pizookie no problem. because what's better than a half raw piping hot fresh cookie? nothing. which is why we took home a tub of  sweet cakes chocolate chip cookie dough and made the best freakin cookies. only after eating a scoop of raw cookie dough first, of course. the raw cookie dough is some of the best. if you go the tub route be sure to save some cookie dough for raw eating pleasure.the cooked cookies were amazing and the tub will last me for far too long- but on second thought, there is no such thing as too long when it is regarding cookies. there are so many things i want to do with that tub of delightful cookie dough(homemade vanilla ice cream with cookie dough pieces anyone?). you need to experience this for yourself.
3	My friend and I were exploring downtown Mesa, and we were looking for a quick, light lunch. Enter Sweet Cakes Cafe. We were pleasantly surprised that they had a small selection of salads, sandwiches, and soups, in addition to their giant cookies and sweet treats. I had their lunch special: 1/2 sandwich with soup or salad for $7.50 + tax.  All the sandwiches come with a small cookie and pickle. They only have about 10 sandwiches to choose from, and your bread options include honey wheat, white, rye, sourdough, 9 grain, or croissant. You can also add bacon or avocado to your sandwich for extra. I had the turkey delight with no mayo and cream cheese on 9 grain.  It was a small sandwich, but surprisingly good. Fresh ingredients like sprouts and avocado, good turkey, and the 9 grain bread was perfectly toasted.  The small salad was ok. It was mainly iceberg lettuce (boo) mixed with some romaine lettuce. All in all, a satisfying meal. Good place for lunch!
1	After reading all of the great reviews on this place and being a chocolate chip cookie junkie I decided to drive to the other side of the valley to check this place out.  I got there after the noon rush and bought a chocolate chip pecan cookie.  I took a bite and was sooooo disappointed!  The cookie was dry and hard.  I'm the type of cookie lover that loves when the cookie is soft but a little crispy with gooey chocolate chips.  This wasn't even close.Not sure if I just got a bad one or if that is how they really are all the time.  A lot of the other reviewers had bought tubs of cookie dough and baked the cookies themselves, so this may be the way to go.Luckily the day wasn't a total loss as a friend and I had lunch at a place nearby called Crackers & Co. Cafe.  The food there was absolutely delicious and well worth the trip just to eat there.
4	I really enjoy going here for lunch. I had a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich on Jalapeno Cheese Bread and finished with some frozen yogurt topped with pieces of their delicious cookies. Both were delicious and the Froyo with Cookie pieces was a great finish. Its just a standard, small cafe, but the employees here have been extremely nice and friendly every single time I have gone. I have yet to have a bad experience. The price isn't terribly high, I would say on par with Paradise Bakery and the likes. They are known for their baked goods, but you should definitely try a sandwich on one of their specialty breads (like the Jalapeno Cheese that I mentioned above). Don't be deterred by the possibly long line at lunch time, it moves very quickly (at least it has everytime I have been in) and the sandwiches are usually brought to you about 5 minutes after you order. I would definitely recommend this to others as a great place for lunch.
2	Sadly this place did not really live up the the reviews. We went there for lunch last weekend. I had the club. Maybe the most accurate thing I can say about it is that it was just like something I would make myself at home during the week to take to work for lunch. That's not really what I'm expecting when I pay $8 for a sandwich. The cookie that came with the meal was good, if a bit hard (no paradise bakery cookie) and the frozen yogurt was good as well.The decor was nice and the service was good. Some of the other deserts looked real good.Unfortunately, when I spend $20 on sandwiches I expect something worth that. Not the same thing I'd get in my own kitchen for a few bucks.
1	Sandwiches are average. Had a BLT with avo. Very two small slithers of avo. I expect more for a $7.50 sandwich.  Cookies good. Not much to right home about.
3	-Sandwiches are pricey. Nothing special.  $7.50+ (includes a pickle and small cookie.)-Lunch lines not very organized, moved slowly.-I would give 5-stars for the cookies, they are really GOOD!-Beverage area is in the next room, found this confusing. Too much chit-chat among employees behind the beverage counter, instead of helping customers.-Pretty decor. Plently of tables to eat at.-Very friendly employees.-Parking (1 hour) is along Main St or parking lot around the corner.
4	Everyone and their mom goes here for lunch. Why? Because they are so delicious! their sugar cookies are out of this world. The sandwiches are always a good choice if you don't want to go get greasy food. :) The only thing that bothers me is how pricey they can get- but if you want good food then you pay for it!
4	This was a trendy lil cafe that my friend recommended us trying for their desserts.  We actually got to try many items: the lemon bar to the brownie to the cinnamon roll.  All 3 of us agreed that the cinnamon roll was the best followed by the brownie.
2	Let me sum up Sweet Cakes for you in two words... over rated.My wife loves this place, and I can see why. The decor is as if the hobby lobby filled head of a molly Mormon exploded inside a hole in a wall restaurant, and the resulting mess that came out was cookies and vinyl lettering surrounded by oil paintings of merchant allies in Paris. If you're into that sort of thing, be my guest. Otherwise, the paint jobs look unprofessional (clearly no primer and sloppy lines), the design is inconsistent and the sitting bars by the windows are literally plank boards being held together by vice grips. As hard as they try to design the hell out of this place they did so by cutting corners, and it shows. Very sloppy. That brings me to another point, in what appears to be another effort to pinch every penny, sweet cakes has made a very critical anti-consumer mistake and is now only accepting cash. They say they're "going green" which is bull. Getting rid of a credit card machine doesn't do anything to support sustainability, but it sure is a nice way to get people to think you're not actually screwing them when they walk inside.  All's not lost though (sarcasm), seeing as how they only accept cash now, they've conveniently provided an ATM in their shop that you can withdraw cash from, and wouldn't you know it, it's owned by sweet cakes cafe (gee, I wonder who gets a cut of that $2 atm service fee for pulling out cash, nevermind the $2 your bank will charge you in addition to the atm). It would be one thing if the owners passed on the "burden" of accepting debit and credit cards to the consumer by slightly raising prices (heaven forbid!), but it's a whole different thing to profit from the fact that the consumer has no choice other than cash in your establishment. I didn't try the deli items here, but from what I saw, I'm glad I didn't. The pizza literally looked like the kind you would get from a school cafeteria lunch and the sandwiches didn't look particularly appetizing either. We did try the cookies and I have to say that I was really disappointed. They were too crunchy and hard. The snicker doodle was actually decent, but for the most part I could make better cookies than these at home. The only difference here is that they must use an ice cream scoop when baking them because they're so huge. Speaking of which, if you go on Saturday they have a "buy 2 cookies get 1 free" sale, and I put that in quotes, because the reality of the situation is that if you buy 4 cookies, you will not get 2 additional free. I wanted to buy 4 cookies and get 2 free because in my mind, when you say buy 2 get 1 free, unless there's a limit stated then it should extend to multiples of two, it's just common sense. But when confronted about it, the cashier claimed that it's buy 2 or more and get 1 free. That's a huge difference!! If the policy is 1 free cookie per transaction then it should be clearly stated on the sign, instead, yet again sweet cakes has shown their anti-consumer attitude by their unclear and misleading sale. Overall, if I'm going to spend $7 on a sandwich, or $1.5 on a cookie, i'm going to do it at paradise bakery or somewhere that I don't feel like they're trying to rip me off by selling me sub par goods at higher prices. I'm all for supporting your local businesses, but when you can visit a shop once and determine that you don't even want to give it a second chance, you've messed up.
3	we stopped here after a trip to the so called "museum of natural history" and i was only slightly impressed. on saturday's they offer a "buy two cookies, get one free". i had what i thought was a red velvet cupcake- it was good but definitely not red velvet. the cookies were good, but i'm not going to make a special trip to go back anytime soon..
2	Based on recommendation from an inflight magazine on Allegiant Airlines, took my visiting sister for breakfast this morning and was disappointed.  Tab for 4 people (one only had coffee) was $28.00.French toast plate was good, Mom said, but eggs were cold.  Breakfast sandwich with sausage on croissant was lukewarm and tasteless, though cook honored my request for fried egg instead of scramble,  Sister said the breakfast scramble plate was mediocre.  Service was very slow, one meal didn't come out witgh others, coffee bar was self serve.  The three meals came with chocolate chip cookie, which was excellent.  Won't come for breakfast again but  might try the bakery.
5	Sweet Cakes is such a fun and awesome place to eat! Love their lunches and the 5 layer brownie is to die for! The service is great and since its a family owned place I feel comfortable bringing my family there as well. They are CASH ONLY but they take cards on big orders if you ask and they do take checks.
5	We have been going to sweet cakes for years. The food is yummy and the cookies and bars are to die for! Cute decor and the owners are friendly and personable. They opened the other side up about a year or so ago and it serves yummy ice cream and treats. We love sweet cakes!
5	Did you know you can Join Sweet Cakes Cafe VIP CLUB?Send them a text - TO: 90210Message: SweetCakes (Make sure it is one word)Specials, Deals, and Events in the Downtown!This weeks SpecialSweet Cakes Cafes Wants to see you! Visit Downtown Mesa Buy 1 lunch get Free DRINKor Bring a friend $7.00 Each Including Drink! Buy 1 Cookie 1 Free Limit 6
5	This review is based solely on the baked treats here, but don't worry I'll be back soon to try out everything else on the menu too! But let's start with the sweets. What do I think? Well let me quote the famous yelper Sarah G...holy shit! First off, the store itself is adorable. It reminds me of a neighborhood family cafe in a small town. It's wholesome, clean, the staff is friendly and there's plenty of seating all around. I saw a boy comfortably doing some work in one corner and a group of chatty friends having fun in another corner. The baked goods are prominently displayed and it's hard not to leave with some...especially since they conveniently had a whole plate full of cookie samples! My waistline hates me but I'll deal with it later. It was well worth it! The cookies are reasonably priced for their size. They are $1.50 and about the size of small clock. They had oatmeal chocolate chip, sugar cookies with frosting on top, peanut butter M & M, oatmeal toffee, chocolate chip and many many more. Since I was in the area, I had to stock up for the weekend, so I left with three different kinds. I think my favorite is the sugar because of the yummy frosting and then secondly, I like the simple yet succulent chocolate chip. I will definitely be sharing with my bf otherwise I will be rolling down the aisle at my friend's wedding in a couple weeks!As I was about to walk out with my cookies, I was handed a brownie for the road. I couldn't say no and I am so happy I didn't! Before I was even 2 miles away, I opened the wrapping and took a little bite. You try having one of these little guys next to you without your will power taking a nap so you can take a bite!The slices of heaven known as the brownies are squishy because they are topped with ooey gooey chocolate. The ooey gooey chocolate is surrounded by marshmallows, cream cheese, chocolate and a secret sauce. I mean, it's got to be a secret sauce because they are delicious. They are rich, cream, chewy, delicious....etc etc etc. I see why
4	A vendor two doors down suggested I try this spot for lunch.  A nice, little local establishment. I got the pepper turkey sandwich and broccoli cheddar soup.  Portions were a good size and it came with a homemade cookie.  The price was on point.  The rest of their baked goods looked awesome.  A little bit of a wait for a soup and sandwich and it's cash only but if I'm in the area, I would definitely stop by again.
4	I love the food here. They call me the cookie monster, so this place is an immediate fit for me with amazing cookies (best I have had in AZ). Their sandwiches and bread bowl soups are also awesome. The only thing I don't like is that they don't accept credit card anymore. In this age, I rarely carry cash, but I understand why they made the switch (3 - 5% charge for them.)
4	Sweet Cakes= Sweet stuff!  I was bored and had a craving at work after a garlicky lunch, (1:30 PM on a Tuesday) so i decided to go to Sweet Cakes and see what all the Yelpers were raging about this place.  The place was empty.. and big, im used to the tiny new york bakeries and delis.. nonetheless I tried the sugar cookie, and it is as good as they say! I also ordered the Peanut butter cookie and the chocolate chip pecan cookies, still good... not as good as the sugar cookie... but still edible.. hey they are cookies! most cookies are edible!!!They are pretty huge too i wld say 3-4 inches in diameter??  the sugar cookie was smaller but still on the bigger side of the average cookie..I havent tried Jason's Deli's cookies and i will..
4	The staff was friendly and the food was tasty.  The broc n chz soup was just ok...sweets are yummy!I'd go back...
5	Great food, great sweets, great service! Will definitely go back again.
2	After seeing Sweet Cakes Cafe's cinnamon rolls featured on tv this morning, we thought since it's not too far from home, we'd give it a try.  Mis-take!  The very large cinnamon rolls were individually packaged in plastic tubs (not marketed fresh, as one would expect 30 minutes after opening on a Saturday morning).  Upon opening the container, the dry, doughy, day-old roll lacked a cinnamon taste and was PLASTERED by a sweet, thick powdered sugar paste.  The coffee, thankfully, was hot enough to melt it down the throat.  For the price, ($12.00 even for 2 coffees and 2 cinnamon rolls), companion and I were severely disappointed.  We will take our business elsewhere next week.
5	This place was great!  Great food, and amazing desserts!  Family friendly atmosphere but would also be great to bring a date.  Usually not a big fan of smaller places but this was well worth it.
5	Love love love this place! They have the best sugar cookies I have ever hard. Any time we are in the area this is where we go!
5	Great healthy salads  & best ever sugar cookie and 5 layer brownie!!! ... just a bite of brownie will satisfy your chocolate cravings for months!
3	The baked goods are very good.  Unfortunately, the staff is kind of rude and short and doesn't seem interested in providing quality customer service.  They ran out of cinnamon rolls at 11am and when I asked if they had anymore, the staff was very rude saying that they have been busy today.  It would seem to me that you should make sure you have enough of these to get thru the day since that is what was featured on TLC.  I drove out of my way to check this place out, but will not do so again.  I would only stop by if I was in the neighborhood.
1	Rude service. Stale treats. Not going back.
4	Was invited back by the owner to enjoy 3 cinammon rolls on the house due to them being out the last time I was there.  The lady behind the counter was very cordial and the cinammon rolls were wonderful.
5	I don't normally get very excited about a turkey sandwich, but Oh my Goodness, this was one of the best turkey sandwiches I've ever had! I was staying nearby for a conference and wanted to get away from the hotel for a quick bite. The turkey sandwich with avocado and sprouts on sourdough was solid. I got one of the monster-sized cookies to go (peanut butter M&M) which ended up being enough to snack on for the rest of the day. Great lunch spot, would highly recommend it.
4	really awesome cookies, havent had their breakfast or lunch, try the sugar cookies
5	Love This Place! I absolutely adore this place! It's a cute shabby chic environment with THE BEST sugar cookie in all of AZ!  I drive all the way from the Biltmore just for this dream filled sugar cookie!! .... Also to note, the Thrifty ice cream brings back memories of 35cent ice cream cones as a child. Love it!!! ... And lastly, the sandwiches are delectable! Huge variety so many yummy like the Turkey Delight, or the famous French Dip........and if your smart like me, you grab a famous cinnamon roll to surprise your son with for breakfast the next day! The owners seem to be very friendly amazingly kind people. Always greeted by the KINDEST of staff possible.One time they were closed and I called left a message and they sent me a text message offering 4 free cookies or $6 off my next meal just to say sorry. That's fabulous business sense, they actually care about their customers. I would live to find more places like this scattered all around AZ.Such a treat, thank you Sweet Cakes!
5	Best. Cookies. Ever. Really, they are awesome! The staff was super friendly, great experience overall!
4	I am not a fan of their cookies, frankly their best cookie is the one that comes free with any sandwich (it really actually is freaking Delicious!). I think my biggest beef is that their sugar cookies (those extra-soft ones with light frosting on top?) are not soft at all.on the other hand, MY GOODNESS, their sandwiches are AMAZING. (although pricey.) Their service is great, the wait time is minimal, and it's a classy place to have lunch meetings. I highly recommend their BLT with avocado, and I highly recommend not going at noon.
3	So my coworkers and I had decided to try this place for lunch the other day, and their sandwiches were mediocre, their 5 layer brownies were good but a bit too sweet for all 4 of us that tried it.  I also had tried the cinnamon roll which was decent as well. Personally id rather just got to cinnabon for then drive all the way out there for theirs even though theirs is Huge.  I had also ordered the sugar cookie which i was expecting to taste like those cake sugar cookies with frosting was a normal sugar cookie but with frosting. So not my cup of tea but im sure plenty of others that need a good sugar rush would enjoy this immensely.
3	Cool upscale country upscale atmosphere inside, friendly staff.  I had the pumpkin cake and the cake part of it was really good but there was probably 4 to 5 times too much extremely rich frosting, I couldn't finish it.
2	Been here a few times and unfortunately not impressed. They only take cash, service is not especially friendly or helpful, and they are kind of over-priced. Tried several of the baked items and was somewhat underwhelmed- honestly though that may be because I saw them on a TV show and had high expectations- but I have given this place more than just one shot. Bottom line, they are okay but not great and not worth the price.
4	Myself, the wife and the kids rolled in here on Saturday and walked out with some of the best cookies and treats we have ever eaten. We also brought home a cinnamon roll that was just awesome
5	Great food, great decor! Must go! 4.50 for breakfast croissant sandwich. So delicious and worth it...
2	I had to try this place after watching TLC naming Sweet Cakes Cafe one on their Top 10 bakeries. The gooey cinnamon rolls are made the night before so they were not hot and gooey but cool alright. There was way too much icing to roll ratio. After my experience here, I will not go out of my way to eat here again.
5	They make some delicious cookies and deserts.  I love Sweetcakes and occassionaly they will host local band shows there during the summer.  I
4	I enjoyed a great sandwich here once again. I love their butterscotch cookies! Typically super friendly service. I always feel like the dining area is a little messy (not dirty, just disheveled) They need to send someone out more often to make sure it looks neat and tidy.
3	I had been here a few years ago with some friends and I remembered how much I've liked it. Now that some time has passed by and I decided to give this a try.I had ordered a turkey sandwich and my boyfriend had ordered the chicken fajita melt. It came with a pickle and a cookie. They were nice enough to give me a free cookie because they had a special deal if you checked in via Yelp! app on your smartphone! My boyfriend decided to get a butterscotch cookie while I got myself the peanut butter & M&Ms cookie!This cafe seems to be more known for its sweets than sandwiches but that doesn't mean it's all bad. The fajita melt had a nice spice to it while my turkey sandwich had a lot of bean sprouts. That's probably my fault since I had forgotten to ask to take it out. Ah, well.The cookies were pretty good - they were still pretty soft but for some reason, the cookies weren't as fresh as I hoped. While the sandwiches were good, even though I forgot to ask to take out the bean sprouts, the bean sprouts over powered the turkey sandwich. It was still good but not as good - especially with that after taste.I don't really see us coming here too often for the sandwiches - but with the cookies, lemon squares, and that 5-layer brownie, I'll still find an excuse to come in.
4	Too bad the construction along Main Street in Mesa can inhibit people from coming in!I had their, I believe it was called, green chili chicken sandwhich. It was so good. Chicken, green chili, pepperjack (?) on ciabatta. I'd definitely reccomend that. Also, I had the butterscotch cookie. The cashier warned me it was very sweet, and it really was. I could only take a few bites before I put the rest away for later. Maybe that's a good thing! That cookie was huge! It's a nice little mom and pop place. It was busy when I went. The people who worked there were very nice and friendly. It's just a shame that it's hard to get to because of the construction. If I hadn't been with a colleague who'd been there before who said it was really good, I would have driven past it because parking was far from the place. But good find! It was on one of those TLC shows too. Check it out!
5	Oh wow this place is awesome!  I love everything about it!  The other day after a long day at work I got there at closing time (thinking it would still be open).  I tried the door and it was locked and saw the chairs were all set up on the tables etc.  I was so sad and started to walk away and a guy there came out and asked me to come in.  He said they had only just closed so they were still working on putting the food away and would make me something first.  It was so sweet and after a long day of work it just made my day!  Their food is so yummy too and all the people that work there have always been so sweet.
5	Best cookie stop in town! I recommend the Snickerdoodle or frosted sugar cookie.
4	My family and I love Sweet Cakes- such a treasure in downtown Mesa! The food is well thought out and simply delicious. My favorites are the Turkey Delight sandwich, Cinnamon Rolls, and the Scochteroos. The cafe is cute and always very clean. I would love to see this cafe grow with a larger menu.
4	This is a great place to eat and socialize.Every time I walk in, I'm given the greeting of the day.The menu is very simple, healthy, and tasty. In my opinion, they are best known for their deserts.Prices on their menu is fair and its a clean environment.During high school I've been to a couple of local band/singers performance here, they are always fun to go to with friends.I highly recommend to try their double chocolate brownie and their cookies.Awesome local privately owned cafe in Mesa
1	Couldn't wait to get there after my sister recently showed me the youtube video of the place from the bit done on TLC.  Drove from N. Scottsdale and wanted it to be my weekend stop from now on.  Well, I can't even find the words to express my disappointment.  Walked in an hour after it opened today to find only one table with quests and no one working behind the counter.  Waited a few minutes until I noticed the bell on the counter.  Rang the bell and someone appeared a minute later.  I couldn't find the shelves of fresh baked brownies and cinnamon rolls that were obviously staged for the show.  What I found instead were brownies individually wrapped in plastic wrap and cookies that looked like my 5 year old made them last week.  No trays of cinnamon rolls to be found.  Instead there was a cart to the side of the counter that had individually packaged rolls in plastic containers.  I asked if they were fresh and I was told they were made last night.  I asked to have one warmed.  I gave it the good old try and after two bites decided it wasn't worth the calories.  Where was the cinnamon?  Where was the brown sugar?  Where was any taste at all? Tried the brownie featured on the show and another cake, Gooey Cake, and again, one big fat disappointment.  Also got a snicker doodle and another cookie and again, no taste.  Not worth it!  It certainly is not the place featured on the show!  Oh, and on the show they talked about the pies.  Not one in the place! It didn't even smell good like a bakery should.
1	My toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats. Prior to that it was overpriced and underwhelming. Avoid!
1	I saw this place on one of the food channels and decided hey where in PHX why not nope they had a sign on the door closed Saturday for memorial day ?? really I would think yes Monday your closed Memorial day not Saturday ? lame anyways maybe next time.
4	Sweet Cakes feature on food network prompt our trip to Arizona.  I love sugar in every form, and literally drooled watching the cinnamon roll get smothered in a diabetes amount of sugar. Perfect.Our last day of our arizona trip, we trucked over to Sweet Cakes, we took home a glazed cinnamon roll, the 5 layered brownie, and the sugar cookie.I hate to admit, we came for the cinnamon roll, however I was really bummed.  Maybe I had to have it right out of the oven, it was more chewy than flakey, just like all of the cinnamon rolls I've had. However... the 5 layer brownie and the sugar cookie was well worth the trip. It was so delicious!  The 5 layer brownie was soft, moist, with the layers of chips, marshmellow, gave this texture. Literally the icing on the brownie made it. Sugar cookie killed me, it was not crunchy, ans the frosting balanced the sugar cookie all together.I'm very glad we made the 7 hour trip, I even shopped at the little boutique and purchased some adorable gifts next door!
5	This place is great! Simple menu for lunch, but everything is good! Then, you can top off your meal with an oatmeal coconut cookie...best around. The road construction on Main stinks, but don't let that deter you, come in through the back.
5	From the very first sugar cookie I had from this place, I was hooked. It's right by my office, which turns out to be a bad thing because I absolutely cannot pass by without going in for a cookie. And if I get myself a cookie, I have to get one for everyone in the office. And then I get yelled at because they can't resist. :) In all seriousness though, they are the best cookies in the world! And their lunch is great as well! If you go, check out the EDGE Boutique next door... super CUTE clothes!
2	I have 2 young toddlers and eating lunch here was very difficult. Not enough high chairs and staff and other customers seemed inpatient with my children.  Food was so so nothing to rave about. The biggest wow was the yummy cinnamon roll! Next time I'll be getting it to go and just the cinnamon roll.
4	Cookies are amazing.. Their menus has changed a bit and is very limited now but the sandwiches are good.
4	Still not quite sure what's in the 5 layer brownie, might have something addictive though. I tried one and a half brownies to try to find out. It was a little soft for my taste, but that was easily solved after a few minutes in the freezer.
5	The best part of my Thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie. I don't know how much my wife paid for it and I don't care.  It was worth every cent. I've eaten lots of pecan pie in my life but never the way this was presented. Its like caramelized pecan crumble is on the top of the pie. My mouth is watering just talking about it. If you like pecan pie you have to try it you will not be disappointed.
4	Decided to meet the hubby for lunch today and found this little gem near his office.  My son and I both went with the Hail Ya, turkey and avocado with bacon, jalapeno infused cream cheese, and buffalo ranch.  It was delicious! The hubby has been on a kick to find really good veggie sandwiches and Sweet Cakes did not disappoint.  I also tried the broccoli and cheese soup, which wasn't the best I've ever had, but was pretty good as well.  Will definitely return when meeting up for lunch!  And next time I need to try the cookies!!
