3	Once i heard there was a restaurant called Lebowski's, the next day my special lady friend and i made the trip. It's hard to give an objective review for two reasons. First, i've always loved "The Big Lebowski" and love a good (or even a cheaply made ones at home) White Russian. Second, just before we got our food, a parade of douschery took over the patio area.  You know the kind of people that are just annoying unless it is you and your friends, then they actually seem funny and fun. The patio area is nice with a good amount of seating and cornhole and some bowling pin game i didn't get to check out. It seems like the cornhole cramped the area a little bit once the patio got the big crowd and maybe should be put up until after dinnertime. The Lebowski Caucasian was pretty good, but i can't say i would pay $9 again for it. i believe i saw $2 Coronas for the months of April and May. i can't say the food was outstanding, the wings were good, but not the best. The Buffalo beef on weck was better than the wings and would definitely be my recommendation. I had never had it before, It is really just a "roast beef sandwich on a salty kummelweck roll." i do love pretzel salt and bbq so i would probably get that again with some beer. We liked our server although we could have used him mid-meal for some additional bbq sauce.
5	I was in town this past weekend for a wedding and went with some friends to Lebowski's. This place was so much fun that after dinner we stayed all night until close.  It seemed to draw a large crowd from hippies to hipsters but everyone was cool.The bartender was great and you never had to wait for a drink. My new favorite drink is the Michael Phelps, which they serve there along with their delicious specialty White Russians. All the food and drinks were such a steal. If I lived here, this would be one of my regular bars. I guess I will just have to wait until my next visit to Charlotte.
4	This neighborhood was in desperate need of a burger joint with reasonable prices and friendly atmosphere.  Lebowski's fits the bill.  I haven't found a $6 burger this good anywhere else.  Although getting fries will bump your tab up $2, it's not pretentious but not too low-brow either, like some other places across the street.  They have drink specials to boot.  On Wednesday's it's the only $4 Jack & Coke in the neighborhood.  The dirty rice was cooked perfectly and well-seasoned.  Burgers are juicy and even their pulled pork gives serious barbecue joints around town a run for their money.  Avoid the apple pie dessert, it's definitely pre-packaged/frozen, but maybe some of the other desserts are better.Shocking really, how many trixies were in here on a Saturday night but I think that will cure itself eventually.  It doesn't present itself as that kind of a bar and should attract the right kind of people in no time.  I think I just found my new favorite place to eat in Dilworth.
5	I have been to Lebowski's a few times now and it has quickly become my favorite place for some great well priced food and a great spot for an after work drink. The jerkyaki wings are by far the best wings in Charlotte. The Beef on Weck is also another great item and again blows away the other competition that carry that same item.If you are a white russian fan, this is a great place as well. I highly recommend the Bunny Toes, basically a white russian that tastes like melted mint chocolate chip ice cream! It's amazing.  There seems to always be beer specials as well!  The restaurant has a great laid back feel with about 20 or so tables inside, a nice bar, and then a great patio outside with about another 8-10 tables.The service is always great as well. Very nice wait staff, food comes out quick, and the owner(s) on multiple occassions have checked to see how everything is and to just thank me for my business. I will recommend Lebowski's to anyone looking for a great place to eat or just have a drink at a cool neighborhood bar!
5	Lebowski's, Lebowski's, Lebowski's!!! This place is pretty darn cool!! I truly did not want to leave! It is such a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere and the delicious food was just icing on the cake! The staff is very personable and friendly! After being there for a couple hours (yes hours, I was watching football:) I felt like I knew everyone there! The food.... YUMMY!! My boyfriend and I started out with their "Legendary Wings". We mixed it up a bit and got half of them the traditional "Buffalo-Style" and the other half were the"Jerkiyaki". WOW!! I highly recommend the wings!! We both ordered from the waitresses suggestions. I had the Memphis Style Panini with Mac & Cheese and he ordered the Beef on 'Weck with Garlic Fries. We were both VERY happy with the recommendations. We were so happy with the dinner we had to try one of their signature White Russians for dessert. The "Nutty Walter" and the "Bunnie Toes" White Russians just made me fall in love that much more! I love everything about this restaurant.. the amazing food, being able to watch football on their covered patio, the staff... Go to Lebowski's!! Go NOW!!!
4	Meeting a couple of people here for a Yelp gathering, I was impressed. (Strangers are just friends you haven't met yet!) Comfortable neighborhood style restaurant with great pub grub style food and an extensive selection of beers, local and faraway. I don't know if our service was typical - our Yelp status was common knowledge - but it was good. The waitress took great care of the table and was very helpful with beer selections.I had the hummus appetizer and really enjoyed it. Lots of garlic in there and good amount of pita pieces and tortilla chips for scooping it up. The beer was cold! Other selections at the table looked good too and the jerk teriyaki chicken wings smelled great!Plenty of parking with such an urban location. Out front and out back. Prices were pretty good, especially if you stick with the specials!Would I return? Absitively! I am considering volunteering the place for our Tuesday night guy's outing.
5	UYE @Lebowski's 10/18/2009;     If you look at the name Lebowski's " Grill and Pub " its very deceiving....   I bet within a 1 mile radius  there is( Dave help me out) 30 or more places that  A)Serve Food B) Serve drinks and or combination of both so I guess it comes down to this.       If your going out to have a meal why settle for food that is not cooked  basically reheated ?  Diners want quality not something that was driven or flown half way across the county  just so it can make it to your plate! If you haven't been to Lebowski's for a meal or appetizers the last time you " Go" to where ever you "Go" just ask as I did and the taste tells " what is actually cooked?" .Then they will be glad to have you as a " regular" at Lebowsk'is!        If it's Spirits that your out for when was the last time you visited your " Favorite Place" and did not have something to eat? So we are back at square one.Why lower your expectations of the food just because, your having Drinks?You should not have too!!        When you go to Lebowski's you will learn very  very quickly as did our group of YELPERS  that this is a place that we will return to...
4	Lebowski's isn't really the type of place that I'd normally stop at, for a couple of reasons.First and foremost, because I don't get down East Boulevard very often (though I should - more and more places are cropping up that make it interesting).  Secondly, because it's a smallish place that looks a bit more like a pub than a grill, and in my advancing years it's just not where I'd stop for a bite to eat, which is what I'm more after these days than a drink.That out of the way, when we had an unofficial Yelp gathering the other evening, I'm glad that it was chosen to be at Lebowski's, or we might have missed this hidden gem.The night started off right with the service.  Amy greeted us right away (well, after Dave S. and Joseph L, but they don't really count, as they aren't employees), introducing herself, asking our names and perhaps most impressively, using our names throughout the time we were there.  Not often that you see that happen these days.  Nicely done!That was followed up by a creative menu, serving the aforementioned sliders so that you aren't cornered into a single choice that you might not like.  I chose the beef on weck, burger and pulled pork.  They arrived with an impressive array of condiments, but those were scarcely needed - the sliders stood well on their own.  The weck roll doesn't seem to be quite an authentic weck roll, but I'm not an expert, and it serves the purpose well enough.I probably could have done with another order of sliders, but I saved the extra room for one of the several varieties of White Russians (hey - a place called Lebowski's, and you aren't going to order a White Russian?).Altogether a pleasant experience, and I'm glad we made the choice.  Parking was also ample, which can be an issue in this area of town.  The only downside is that it's not a larger space (that, and for some I could see it being more bar-like may be an issue).For our group neither was a problem, but I could see where one might be for others.  I also wish that I had ordered the garlic fries instead of the mac and cheese as a side.  Very tasty (I sampled someone else's)...
3	Good beer selection and bar food.  It has a cozy, local pub feel to it.Started with fried pickles.  Never tried in my life until starting to travel to Charlotte.  Now, can't stay away from them.  Especially on a Monday night with football on the TV.Chicken Florentine Panini was also a call that I don't regret.Magic Hat #9 from beer list was light & had an unexpected smoothness to it that was very nice.  More refreshing than your typical pale ale.
5	We decided to try this restaurant only because it was very nearby to an event we were to attend this night.  Wow were we ever pleased!  Great food, service and environment.  Friendly people; we later learned that our server was actually one of the co-owners!  Try the sliders assortment, ya can't go wrong!  Since our initial visit we've actually been back twice and continue to enjoy this fine little gem on East Blvd in Charlotte!
4	Since the reviews of this place was all great, my husband and I decided to check it out. We almost missed it! The restaurant was EMPTY when we got there. At first when we passed, it seemed like they were closed. We walk in and they were eager to see us since we were their 1st customers of the night.....at 7pm.The restaurant was is pretty small, but it felt comfortable. We get seated and put in our drink orders (and my drink was never empty! It would get down to about 3/4 full and our waitress would bring me a new one). We order the hummus dip as a starter and despite the fridge taste, it was pretty good. I like the flat bread better than the chips they serve. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap in a tortilla and blue cheese. As a side, I get the mac n cheese which was outstanding. My husband ordered the Beef on Weck. He didn't like the amount of salt that was on the bun, but he said overall it was very good. He also got the mac n cheese and that's all he would talk about. We split a spinach salad that had red onions and cranberries. This was a refreshing addition to our meal.The only thing I didn't like is they didn't have the NFL network, instead they had NHL because the owners were from Buffalo, NY. I highly recommend anybody to stop by here, it's a great place to eat and have a few drinks.
3	It definitely exceeded my expectations! From the outside it looks like a basic bar, not appealing to me, but once we entered it was very open with plenty of seating and didn't have a "bar" feel. There are tvs on each wall so we were able to watch the March Madness basketball games very comfortably. We even chuckled to see an old arcade game. It looks like they may have Wii games too...since there was a Wii system hooked up to one of the tvs. They have limited vegetarian options; however, the veggies nachos and the veggie burger were pretty good. The french fries had an extra layer of batter and nice and crisp. Good experience overall!
5	Great food and some really good beer specials are the highlight for me. Mystery beer night is my favorite!
1	Not my favorite.  I've been in twice now and each time I was really uninspired with the food I ordered.  It's pretty standard bar food but there was no wow factor.  The second time I went in was a total bummer.  I was strugglin' that day and just needed something delicious.  I ordered the nachos which arrived cold, as in the artificial cheese (like snack booth style) was COLD.  The server didn't really seem to care which didn't really help make matters any better.  Weak Sauce.
5	We discovered Lebowski's Grill about 2 months ago and started becoming a regular to hear Jeff Brown, a talented local musician who plays here on Thursdays with an eclectic music selection, as well as his own stuff.  This definitely fits the bill for a neighborhood bar.  It's quite a cozy and friendly place.  The food here is excellent and they have quite a bit to offer for vegetarians.  I love the pimento & cheese burger which, like all of their burgers, can be made vegetarian.  The outdoor seating area is shaded and covered and a great spot to be on cooler evenings.  They have quite a few micro brews on tap, including the Charlotte-brewed OMB (Olde Mecklenburg Brewery), Two-Hearted Ale, and Fat Tire among others.  The owner is a music fan and you can see some of his extensive album collections on the walls.  The only addition is that they need a bike rack in the front.
4	I have eaten at Cantina, located across the street, many times and often thought about giving Lebowski's a try. About a week ago, my boyfriend and I decided to abandon Cantina and give Lebowski's a go. We ended up getting there a little after 10 o'clock and had NO idea that they stopped serving their whole menu about 5 minutes before we got there! We had to select from their late night fare which includes fairly basic bar food. I selected the Tuscan style burger with bruschetta, pesto aioli, and parmesan cheese with a side of garlic fries. The burger turned out to be really great and the fries were a great compliment. I usually prefer all the accoutrements with my burger but this one was really great on its own. My boyfriend got the Lebowski burger and loved it!In addition to the surprisingly great food, the service and atmosphere was great. They had some really good drink specials that day and are famous for their White Russians which I look forward to trying on my next visit!
3	I've been curious to try Lebowski's after I heard raves about their garlic fries. Being Italian and a carboholic, I had to try them ASAP. I've passed by there before and seen a good number of people on the patio but when I went was surprised by how little the inside was. I could see this being a good bar too that's not too loud and where you don't have to keep shouting "What??!" to someone when trying to have a convo. The menu had a lot but nothing was really screaming out to me so  I got the Jerk style Gardenburger with garlic fries (I love how you can sub meatless or turkey in the burgers) and it was pretty tasty with attentive service. The garlic fries could've been more garlic-y as I like enough to keep the vamps away.I hear they have an awesome happy hour from 4 to 6P each day so I would love to check that out as I love anything cheap. Edit anything cheap involving the sauce. I had a good experience but it's not one of those places where I would tell people they have to try. I would like to check it out again to see if will be more memorable.
3	Determined to shake up our Saturday lunch routine, hubs and I stopped by Lebowski's to try their famous wings and take in a bit of college football in the mean time. The first impression is a bit nondescript - Lebowski's looks like many other sports bars in Charlotte and has a nice little patio facing East Blvd. Because Mother Nature gave us a break from the 90s, we chose to sit outside and enjoy a relaxing lunch (hubs was especially happy as there are TVs outside, too!). Both the hostess and our server weren't the cheeriest of individuals...it seemed like they both had a long night out. Regardless, hubs went with the Carolina Gold wings and the Beef on Weck, I choose a side salad and the small version of the Chili & Mac 'n Cheese. Upon ordering our server informs us that the wings take about 15-20 minutes to cook. Um...ok...that's a little odd, but we would still like them. This was noon on a Saturday in a not-so-busy restaurants. Now, I'm not a wing eater but even hubs said that that's a long time to wait for six wings. So, basically the entire time we were joking with each other that the cook had to go fetch the chickens and take care of them so he could have his wings in less than 20 minutes. And yes, it did take 20 minutes for these wings to reach our table. I'll let hubs review his own food. As for mine...the salad was fresh but not too much to report. Their side salad included bits of iceberg and romaine, a flat crostini and a few other veggies. As for my Chili Mac 'n Cheese, it was pretty tasty albeit the chili was a bit sweet. I had a different expectation...when I saw a cup of chili mac 'n cheese I expected a cup of chili with a bit of mac 'n cheese at the bottom. I was a bit suprised when I saw a flat dish of mac 'n cheese with a small scoop of chili on top. No worries, though, I ate it up - it was a nice little serving. Will I be back to Lebowski's? Sure...for a few beers and maybe a snack, but I don't think it's going to make it into my trusty lunch spot list.
3	Nice place located in the heart of Dilworth and the East Blvd corridor. Stopped by for lunch recently and sat outside on the nice patio. Waitress was nice, but a little slow considering the amount of tables that day. Not a big deal because the weather was beautiful outside and I had PBR in hand. Ordered the chicken wings and the roast beef sandwich. I was told the chicken wings would take a little long (20 minutes) so I appreciated the heads up. That said; I love me some wings and have ordered them at several locations around town, both chain and non-chain. They've never taken that long, so I was curious. Needless to say, wen they arrived they were typical wings so I wondered why the 20 minutes was necessary. However, they were good and I went with the special sauce, which I can't remember at this time, but the waitress recommended it and it was flavorful. The roast beef sandwich was pretty good. My only complaint was the extra salt on top of the bun. Added a little too much salt as the au jus hand more than enough. This is the first restaurant that has a chance to make it in this spot as the former ones kept changing every year. I'll be back to try some other items soon.
4	I try to go here every Thursday night because of the free local music and the $3  beer menu.  After living in Charlotte for a few months I am a little sick of paying $6+ for every beer, so I appreciate a place with a solid beer menu with a chill vibe.Food is pretty good, recommend the pork, beef on wheck and the hamburgers. The wings were pretty awesome until they caved to customer pressure to cook them faster.  Overall great place to chill with some friends if you want a pretty solid beer list with some good music and food.
4	Had the Fried Pickles and Amy's Wrap, very good. The server was very nice and it was a fun place. The patio was perfect for a great November afternoon.
4	Having lived in Buffalo, NY for the entire 90's decade, when I walked into Lebowski's I felt almost like I was at any dive bar in North or South Buffalo.  The people eating in there almost all looked like they were from Western New York - and that was a good sign.  They say it's named "Lebowski's" after the movie, but anyone who has lived near Buffalo knows everyone's last name ends in "ski" or doesn't contain vowels due to the large Polish population so I think it's more of a homage to Cheektowaga and West Seneca.  Like those places in WNY, Lebowski's is small, with tables crammed together and a small bar.  We met my father and his girlfriend there so they were already seated.  Our service was very attentive and our meals were served quickly.  I have had beef on weck in Charlotte, but none have been authentic - Lebowsk's, however, is the real deal.  Slow roasted beef piled high and served with fresh horseradish on a kimmelweck or "weck" roll - a soft German roll with caraway seed and sea salt added to it.  This could be served anywhere in Buffalo and would even top some places such as all of the Anderson's - except the original one.  I also had a salad which was decent and fresh.  A little romaine, a little spinach, fresh diced tomatoes, a couple of cuke slices, and a little crostini.My wife had a shrimp po boy which she said was very good and it looked good - healthy sized shrimp on a large roll.  My dad's girlfriend got the haddock fish fry and it looked great and she said it was very good too.  If anyone is looking for a good "fish and chips" just get a fish fry at a Buffalo restaurant - it's almost the same except that they use haddock instead of the related cod and haddock is lighter, flakier, and tastes better.  I didn't have the wings since my stomach was in bad shape, but will get those and the fried pickles next time. I don't know if they still take the supposedly 20 minutes, but I've worked in restaurants in Buffalo, and even extra crispy wings never took longer than 11 minutes; regular ones took about 8 or 9 - and those were all big wings.Lebowski's also has a lot of different beers, including Genesee, other cheap domestic beer, and a fair selection on craft and micros.  All, in all, Lebowski's is the real deal for anyone from WNY and the non-Buffalo staples seem to be good too.  I will definitely come back here, although it's not good for groups - a little too small for that.  It has Tavern on the Tracks beat by a long shot when it comes to authenticity (and sanitation grades too). So take da sevendy seven down to da two sevendy seven and get to Lebowski's...they got da best beef on weck in town.
4	Lebowskis over the past couple years has turned into our local watering hole. The staff is awesome and really pleasant to talk to. All of the staff really knows there food and drink menu's. They always have awesome food and beer specials no matter what night you go there and the menu is always changing and getting better. I recommend trying the trio dip. There homemade pimento cheese dip is on point. They also have a nice little patio outside. If the weather ever gets below 90 in the summer it is the perfect place to have a few drinks with friends. They also have trivia on Tuesdays that is a lot of fun to go with some friends.
4	I've been to Lebowski's a couple of times now. I've always had a nice meal here and sitting on the patio during warmer months is a great treat!I've had a salad, their trio (had to try the famous beef on weck!), but the veggie panini is my favorite.Beer selection is good, and the bartender let me try a new flavor before ordering a full glass (good thing, because I wasn't a fan and ordered my usual OMB Copper!).Service is sometimes slow but the staff is friendly, and I'm happy to support this local, family-owned place.
5	LOVE this restaurant! It's one of my regular spots now. All the servers I've had so far have all been GREAT!! They have some kind of fish dinner that is to-die-for. Big portions for the price you pay. I usually can't finish all of my fish, but I can't avoid stuffing myself from trying! I also usually get the "Bunny Toes" drink. It's like a mint-chocolate White Russian (has Bailey's mint chocolate in it). It's delicious!!
4	Having read reviews, we decide to try this place.  The chicken wings,  beef on weck, macaroni cheese were all good.  Husband had even the genesee beer.  Have lived in Buffalo, they even had Salemn hotdog during the weekend.  Staff was friendly, yes we will be going back again ! Parking would be a pain.
3	Trying to find a spot on East Blvd for dinner on Sunday we stopped at Lebowski's.  With it being so nice outside, there was a ton of people running, enjoying the patio space and being outside for the last bit of Sunday before the workweek started again.  It also helped that Daylight savings time was in effect, so normally when it would be getting dark, we had tons of sunshine left to enjoy.We were greeted pretty warmly at the door and told that we "could sit anywhere we liked" which was a problem because my friend and I usually don't like making decisions (especially on weekends).  It was a high-pressure situation, but we decided finally on a table.Our server was pretty nice and we got our drink orders in.  It seemed to take a while since they looked very busy for some reason (maybe they were short staffed), but only half the tables in the dining room were occupied.  Our server finally got to us to get our dinner orders in and I decided on a Turkey Burger "VERACRUZ" style (Pico de Gallo, Diced Jalapenos and Pepper-Jack Cheese) and Spot Tots.  The food took a while, but it was decent.  Definitely felt the heat from the jalapenos but it was just enough.  The sweet potato tots came with a cinnamon butter and I decided it was more of a dessert than a side so I ate it last.Overall the burger was good... next time I will get the garlic fries (which by buddy had).  Oh, I did like the fact they had some local beers available to try.    I tried the Big Boss Hells Bellz... from the long distance land of Raleigh.  Pretty good.  I'll have to hit the place up again to try another beer or six.
3	I had lunch at Lebowski's on a Saturday.  I got there around 11:30 am and the place wasn't too full yet.  I had this on my list to try and the recent burger battle in the Observer had gotten me in the mood to try out some of the best burger spots.  I ordered a cheeseburger with pepper jack and the standard setup.  It comes with chips, but I opted for the fries for an extra $0.99.  The had a nice list of beers and I went with and OMB Copper.  My food & beer made it out pretty quickly.  When the server brought my food he also brought ketchup & mustard.  The ketchup was cold from the fridge, which I like, but that is unusual.  So a plus for cold ketchup.  The burger was done medium and was juicy.  The lettuce and tomato were fresh.  The fries were crisp on the outside and creamy soft on the inside.  Overall a very nice burger an fries.  The best in Charlotte?  This was my first stop at a burger place so that remains to be seen.  The servers did a good job of helping each other.  Which was good because my server was "getting her butt kicked," as she put it when she checked back on me once.  I had to wait quite a while for my check and for her to run my credit card.   It was busy, but no where near being swamped.  That was unfortunate and I hope she was having a bad day.  The food was a 4 the service was a 2 so I have to give them 3 stars.  I will try Lebowski's again just to see if that was a bad day or par for the course.
5	I have yet to have bad food here...Beef on Kimmewick, Mac and Cheese, Garlic Fries (but I like Mac and Cheese better).  They serve Becks and have trivia.  Pretty easy parking and great staff.  Nick is great.  Decent beer collection.  Want to catch trivia.  This is the kind of place that if I lived closer to it...I would be like Norm form Cheers...they would all know my name.
3	We went with a group of 8. It was trivia night (score!) which is always a good time. However, the only cheery staff member there seemed to be the guy running the Trivia night... the rest of the servers acted like being at Lebowskis was the last thing they wanted to do, were incredibly slow, and ... just didn't smile. I mean, a smile goes a LONG way is all I'm saying.On to the food!I'm a wing junkie so naturally we ordered some wings for appetizers. And of course, a round of drinks. Our drinks arrived much later than they should have considering we were right next to the bar and everyone was focused on the trivia... We were really hungry and really looking forward to those carolina gold and hot wings that... never arrived. Our burgers showed up first. I ordered the Jerk Style Burger with onions, very very tastey! I had never tried anything like it and there wasn't a crumb left. This burger has won awards, you should try it!Back to the wings--we were told there was a "communication error" with the computers and the kitchen never got our wing order. They would be "right out." We informed our server (again) that those were appetizers and our meal was already here. We weren't impressed and let him know. Our wings came out, and were comped. They were delicious and ended up being dessert for the crew.In short--the food was great but the service was... not enthusiastic or speedy by any means. I'll definitely go back, but I expect better service, Lebowskis!
5	I just went back to Lebowski's the other weekend when I happened to be in town. OMG...the turkey burgers are to die for.  I can't stop thinking about them. I even tried to bribe the manager to mail them to me overnight back to CA. yummy!!!
4	Well, I was taking my wife to Jack in the Box as she had never eaten at one and when we arrived it was no longer in business. The first thing I did was rip out my iPhone and hop on Yelp. This place popped up and the reviews seemed good. We headed around the corner and we were very glad we did. I ordered the VeraCruz style Turkey Burger with the Mac & Cheese. I will admit that the Mac & Cheese was good but nothing to scream and shout about. It was better than most that I have gotten while eating out though. The Turkey Burger on the other hand is awesome! My wife ordered the Lebowski burger which was a HUGE beef burger with roast beef on top with queso. She loved it. I had a bite and I would have preferred just the burger and queso, not the roast beef but I am not a huge fan of roast beef to begin with. On the side she got garlic fries. Again, Awesome! We also tried the Bloody Mary. This was the best Bloody Mary I have had in a while. We also tried a couple of the many beers they have and some shot... I believe it was a whip it. Not sure but it was incredible. Last but not least... Lizzie. AWESOME server!!! She was very friendly, knowledgeable of the menu and good conversation. This place is great. If I lived in Charlotte this would be one of my regular hang outs.
5	Deliciolus food and hilarious Lebowski references, I love this place,  The mirror in the men's bathroom is one of the greatest things ever.  The burgers are some of the best in the city becasue you can get them medium rare.  The wings are some of the best I've ever had and they are a nice size also.  Love this joint.(very proud of myself for not using any quotes from Lebowski in my review)
4	Beef on Weck was OUTSTANDING! They must have the buns made especially for them as I've never seen one like it. The top has coarse salt and caraway seeds. The roast beef is shaved and has a savory tan color. Its tender and properly proportioned to the bun. A tray of spicy mustard, horsradish and horsey sauce comes to the table so each bite gets its own special dressing. French fries were crispy, hot and slightly battered. Loved it all and the place filled up quite well at lunch.
4	I like Lebowski's.  A casual venue with a neighborhood feel to it.  I have never had a bad meal in the 10+ times I have been there.  Service is pleasant and courteous.  Food is a little better than what you would expect.  What is not to like?  But where is the kielbasa?
5	This place rocks.  Have been there a few times, and every time the food has been great!   Highlights: Beef on Weck, Mac 'n Cheese, Burgers, Jerkyaki Wings, Sliders.    Fun little bar as well, and cool theme drink menu -- check it out!
4	Just an update.  The wings are pretty good, but there are better in Charlotte.  I wish they had "hot, medium, or mild" like in WNY, but there is just "Buffalo style" plus three or four other flavors.  They didn't take 20 minutes, so that was good.  My guess is that they may have been baking them previously; it doesn't take more than 9 minute to deep fry chicken wings.  The fried pickles were awesome, as was the Sunday "breakfast/lunch" sandwich on Nova's bread.  Prices are very good too.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I feel like I am at home here, such a cozy little spot! Food is GREAT! I have never ordered anything I didn't like - I enjoy the fact that many of the dishes have a home style flare to them. BEST WINGS IN CHARLOTTE! Hands down - try the Carolina Gold - you will LOVE Them. I work for a nonprofit organization and Lebowskis has been very helpful to us, allowing us to host events there and providing apps for our clients. This is a family run business and this family is TOP NOTCH. Good people. My husband and I love this place so much we had our rehearsal dinner on the patio this spring. Check them out - you won't be disappointed!
4	Lebowski's is a great neighborhood bar/grill with food that stands far above what these places normally serve.  The standout: Beef on Weck.  This Buffalo-based sandwich has yet to go national on a large scale, but, if this is a typical version, a French dip will never be the same.  Basically this is a warm roast beef sandwich whose highlight is the roll:  a salted kaiser roll with caraway seeds.  Possible toppings include traditional dip sauce, pure horseradish, creamy horseradish, mustard sauce etc.  They have many other interesting sandwiches but our short trip to Charlotte meant we couldn't sample them all.  However, we were able to order "slider" versions of their sandwiches which is basically 2 or 3 mini versions of their popular sandwiches.  All were excellent but the beef on weck make this a destination.
5	I have to say I love gong to Lebowski's.  In fact I think I would love going to any place that was written up as having one of the best sandwiches in Charlotte, but this one really comes through.  A nice place, very inviting, small bar where I think everyone really could know your name.  but on to more urgent matters.  There are three words I am thrilled to hear upon walking into this place, besides "pick a table" and that is "BEEF ON WECK."  It in itself is worth the trip.  Roast beef sliced thin and piled high on a weck roll, fresh made roll with course salt and rye seeds, it is out of this world.Before going to Buffalo way too often in the past I had never heard of Beef on Weck and once my wife and I decided to move to Charlotte I thought I would never hear of it again.  But I have to say Lebowski's offered it, I loved it and the rest is history.  I'll be back many times I'm sure and I would say everyone needs to try it at least once.
3	Lebowski's is a very small neighborhood bar but the bar itself is actually pretty tiny. I have heard many people rave about their wings and I've tried them but I never understood what the big deal was really. I am sort of a wing snob so maybe that is why I was not impressed but I was hoping for something more "wow" like when I tried my wings at Lebowski's. Overall, their food is better than your average bar food and they have a large menu with interesting food items. They have a pretty good beer selection and most are in the bottle. There is also a decent sized patio that sits right on East Blvd so there is plenty to watch while hanging out with your friends. The atmosphere is definitely casual and I'm pretty sure it's a good spot for the service industry crew to come after work later at night. The decor inside is a little quirky and eclectic. The staff is very friendly and the bartenders are pretty well known in the area so they're good people to introduce yourself to! Lebowski's is a great place to go by yourself just to grab a bite or a beer and meet new friends or bring your own and play trivia or mingle around on the patio outside.
3	Don't let the 3 stars fool you. This place is actually pretty good just not 4 star worthy just yet.The place is very small and if you like a more intimate bar this is the place for you. They play some alternative music, which I have never heard in a bar before. The service is slow, even with there not being many people at the bar/ restaurant. I honestly expected there to be a whole lot more people there on a Football Sunday. The cool thing about this place is that they support local breweries and that is always a plus for me. That in itself almost brought them up to 4 stars. The food portion in my book was kinda small. I had what everyone recommends the "Beef Weck" it was really good and the Au Jus sauce was excellent but again too small and to pay an additional .45 cents for a dipping sauce to me is just crazy. Also, I guess that this place in a Buffalo Bills hangout spot with all of the memorabilia and the Flutie Flakes? I will be going back again when I am in the mood for a nice low key night with not too much going on. The food was ok and the drinks were fine. I believe that this is a everyday kinda bar for the normal type of person. Just like the name entails "relax... man"
2	Avoid this place if you plan on going for a "lunch hour" because you will be late returning to work. The 5 times that I've been here, it has always taken forever and a day to have your order taken, your food to arrive, and waiting on the check. The food is pretty good if not a little overpriced (I still can't get over that drinks are now $2!). I was a bit disappointed that the Beef on Weck no longer comes with the tray of sauces and instead you have to ask for either Horsey, Horseradish, or Mustard but I figure that maybe it's more sanitary that way and there's less waste. This place could improve by either hiring another waitress or two and maybe the same for the kitchenI don't know if we will return.Your pal,Walter
4	Now I must start this off by saying that the main reason I am writing this review is because they play Dispatch, and for that they have my heart! The place is small and very cozy, has a really friendly atmosphere. It's mixed with families, couples, and friends hanging out drinking beer and catching a game. I really like this kind of place over the typical overcrowded loud bars/restaurants around town. The food was pretty good nothing to write home about, but in all fairness I've only had a sandwich so I'm going to have to try some more food before I can say more. This is the spot for a week night with the hubby, can't wait to try more food! Cheers!
3	My boyfriend and I both had two items on the menu that claimed to be awarded "best of Charlotte" and although they were not bad, I wouldn't quite say that they're the best in the city. He had the beef on weck and I had the jerk style burger. They were just average. Other than the food, I like the concept. We went on trivia night and although we left before it started, it got packed. It seemed like a fun neighborhood hangout.
4	Servers were nice and attentive, the draft beer was tasty, and the trivia fun. Will return. I didn't eat anything this time, but i have in the past. I had the Beef on Weck and it was tasty. I would return again and try something different.
4	My favorite burger spot in Charlotte!
5	We love this place. It is family owned and run! They servers and bartenders are always friendly and up for a chat. They have an AMAZING vegetarian menu. You can get any of their burgers veggie style, ANY of them! The beer selection is good and their trivia night is always busy.
4	Cool restaurant, especially if you are from western NY or a Big Lebowski fan. Good sandwiches and appetizer selection. Tues is trivia and 1/2 price specialty drinks.
4	Great food & a decent beer menu. My only complaint would be they need more room but again that is part of the charm of the place.
3	We decided to try this place out on a sunday after a wicked hangover.  The bartender was amazing.  She was very open to talk and answered our 9 million questions.  I ordered a burger with roast beef on the top.  I asked for medium rare and got rare.  Which isn't necessarily a bad thing because I wouldn't want it to be overcooked.  My friend's fish and chips was massive.  The garlic fries are definitely what you need as your side in any dish here.  The beer selection is pretty good, but without the niceness of the bartender I wouldn't like this place as much.  I wish I could give this place a solid 3.5 stars.
5	First... Let me just clear it up and say... the BEST Buffalo Wings in Charlotte, NC.This is a great place to go for dinner, lunch, a quick bite, for bar setting, and for us... football.  This is owned by Buffalo NY natives and keeps true to the tradition of Buffalo.  I don't now of a better Beef on Weck in NC than at Lebowski's.  We were lucky last season when our Chicago Bears played a ton of 4pm games after the Bills.  If you are a Bills fan, there is no better place to be on a Sunday.  We also would recommend the Veggie Pita (which we get in a wrap vs the pita) and the burgers.  Monday is 2 burgers for $10 and 1/2 off wine.  Killer deal.  I believe Wednesday is 1/2 off wings.  Salads are also very good.  Becoming one of our very favorite bars in Charlotte.
3	Visited here for the first time on a Wednesday afternoon for late lunch. Restaurant wasn't busy and our server was super sweet and helpful. I liked the small, cozy atmosphere and the Big Lebowski theme. Good sized patio out front. Only wish there was booth seating.The food was good and quick to get to our table. Had fried pickles as an appetizer. Pretty good, much what you would expect from a nice basket of fried goods: crispy and full of grease! Decent vegetarian selection here. I had the Veggie Burger, Pimento Melt style. With the Garlic Fries as my side. Flavor wise, the veggie patty wasn't special, but I could tell is was hand-made at the restaurant... thumbs up to that.My friend ordered the Spinach Salad, which looked amazing... totally getting that next time! She let me try her dressing on my fries, the Creamy Cilantro-Lime dressing... HOLY MOLY this stuff is GREAT!  Creamy and smooth, but light and zippy. You have to try this dressing, if not on a salad, then on a burger or as a dip for fries. MMM!Kids menu here, FYI. Our little friend ordered the mac and cheese with cooked cinnamon apples... happy camper indeed.My biggest complaint about Lebowski's is that the bathrooms kind of grossed me out. Too small, dark, hot, and stinky. Someone needs to get on bathroom makeover ASAP.Can't say Lebowski's made it to my favorites list, but I will definitely be coming back because they serve food until midnight on weekdays!
4	I was in Charlotte for a wedding and took a chance on this place.  Although I am a Big Lebowski fan, the wing reviews are what made me check out this joint.  And, the reviews were right - I had the Buffalo-style wings and  were fantastic!  They have a great beer selection, both on draft and in bottle, and good beer specials, as well. What's more I had the pleasure of meeting both owners while I was there: Kirk, who is originally from Buffalo, and his daughter, Amy.  They are both good people.
4	A very solid 3.5 ...Atmosphere- My mom would hate it because it is a bit older and has a mildew(y)  scent. I on the other hand see it as eclectic...they had some Bob Marley playing and of course The Dude plastered just about everywhere. The Sabres banner didn't hurt either (I'm a UB grad ).  The bathroom was clean and overall the restaurant was tidy. Food- I loved the B-lo touches. Franks, Sahlen's, Weber's...they've got it covered. I went with the Fredonia; a beef on weck of sorts served with horsey, melted provolone, au jus, pressed like a panini in a hoagie (sprinkled with caraway and coarse salt). I loved the au jus but I like my horsey straight on horseradish(y) aka much spicier. I will say their garlic fries were some of the best I've ever tasted. I splashed those suckers with malt vinegar and I was in heaven. My other half got a fish fry, he didn't seem too thrilled about it and he is pretty easy to please. He mistook the  beer bottle for the malt vinegar and still ate the fries though,that's how good they were! Drinks- They had a special running that day, Monday $3 bartender bottles choice (meaning the bartender chooses a new beer each time). They weren't Miller Lite's and we were able to give a little direction on our choice (We were given Pilsner Urquell and a Ranger IPA). No complaints in that department : ) Service- We had a younger gentleman serve us, and he did a great job. He was very upbeat and friendly. The food came out super-fast (like how'd they do that ? fast) Just a tip, they have another Monday deal two burgers for $10, I'm sure we'll return to get some of those with plenty of the delicious garlic fries.
4	Ate at Lebowski's last night for the 2nd time ever. A small dining room with a small attached outdoor patio for outdoor dining. I enjoy how small the restaurant is, makes it feel like a local hang out and very chill. Decor was a mix of the Big Lebowski and New Belgium brewery paraphernalia.Drink special was $1 off draft, they had about 6 beers on draft. But they also offer 50+ craft & microbrews.We started with the Niagra Street Nachos. These were pretty tasty!I ordered "The Boss" Grilled Turkey Club for dinner with their delicious garlic fries!! The pimento cheese in this panini really makes it! My husband ordered the wings which he loved as well.Overall a good experience at Lebowski's and we will back again to sample more fare.
4	Ate with a few co-workers and we all were pleased with our meals.  Wings were fantastic and the roast beef on "weck" was excellent.  Gotta get a sandwich on the house made "weck" bread.  It was on point.  Mac N Cheese was good, actually pretty light with most of the cheese at the bottom.  Seemed like a decent neighborhood spot with average draft beer selection.  Only real drawback was the wait, but they were busy.
5	2 words for you- Meatloaf & Brandy!  Both are awesome!  The meatloaf is awesome....and Brandy the server is, well, awesome!
4	As a born and raised upstate New York girl, and a recent transplant to Charlotte, I was overjoyed when I heard about this place!  I went with my roommate, and introduced her to some of the food I grew up on!I chose the "Taste of Buffalo" to get a taste of it all.  It included wings, a haddock fish fry (the only fish to fry in my opinion) and a beef on weck slider as well as french fries.  As an extremely picky wing eater, I have to say that the wings reminded me of home...I opted for just "hot" which is classic for Buffalo.  The fish was on the smaller side, but was tasty, and they have it every night, unlike at home (usually Fridays only).  The beef on weck was also delish.Only downfall- we had a coupon but found out it was only valid on certain nights.  Lots of Buffalo Bills stuff inside....felt like home!  My rommate got some sort of sandwich, and also really enjoyed it.  There was a dip on the menu called "The Fredonia."  My sister went to school at Fredonia, so I took a picture of it on the menu and sent it to her!  She got a kick out of it for sure!If you are an upstater, as a lot of we are in Charlotte, check it out, I don't think you will be disspointed!
5	Amazing Bar & Grill with incredible food for a bar atmosphere. This is one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte on any night of the week there are specials to be had. Trivia on Tuesday is always fun and is an ideal spot for both a low key dinner but also an excellent nightlife location! I highly recommend Lebowski's!
4	If you love roast beef, you must have the beef on weck! What a great sandwich.I thought about giving this place 3 stars but I thought harder and I feel it deserves 4.The wings are probably my favorite in the Charlotte area, in fact, this is the only place that I crave wings from.  The beef on weck was amazing.  I wanted to try something different so I had the chicken sandwich, jerk style because the waitress confirmed that it was really good and my husband had the Fredonia Dip.  I did not enjoy the "jerk style" on my chicken sandwich, although the chicken was fine.  My husband said his Fredonia dip was good but not as good as the Beef of Weck.  Overall, the food is great.  Oh...did I mention the garlic fries?  Those are yummy too!  A great place to hang out for lunch, everyone is friendly and it has a great patio with a TV to watch football!  I think I might stop by for a beer one night too since it has a cute little bar - but be warned, it's not big and doesn't have a lot of stools.
4	...As some of you may know, I took a short hiatus from writing reviews.  This break was due to some negative feedback I had received from restaurant owners, but mostly because I was busy with work...ANYWAYS, after much prodding (thanks Ben!) I'm BACK, and I'm back to close out 2013 with a slew of the best reviews from around the QC. What brought me back, you ask?  Simply put, THE DUDE, and the wings they serve up at Lebowski's...Two buddies of mine had been encouraging me to give Lebowski's a try.  I was told Wednesday was the place to go because of their half-priced wing special on Wednesdays.  As I had this past Wednesday off from work, I decided this would be my virgin foray to Lebowski's.  Parking:  There is plenty of parking located behind Lebowski's.  I am not sure of the relationship between JJ's and Lebowski's, but you could also probably park on the JJ's side of the building as well.  No parking issues at all, which is always a plus.Ambiance:  The first thing I noticed upon entering Lebowski's is the darkness.  Though I went there around lunch time this past Wednesday, the place felt dark and somewhat dreary to be honest.  One would think that with such connections to the Big Lebowski, it would be a bit more lively inside.  Service:  We were greeted by the one person that was working the entire bar.  She told my friend and I, we could seat ourselves where ever we wanted.  Our drink and food orders were taken fairly promptly.  Though our server probably had three to four other tables, her service was still very much on point.  Our drinks were refilled promptly, when we asked for an extra ranch, one was brought directly to us.Food:  As I stated above, I came here on Wednesday, looking to sample the wings I had heard so much about.  So of course, I ordered a batch of 10 goldrush wings which did not disappoint.  The wings had that rare combination of being well-cooked yet still tender.  The meat on the bones was very tender, and fell off the bone with with every bite.  The wings were PERFECTLY sauced.  There's nothing worse than a dry wing!  The ranch was thick and cold, just as it should be.  My friend ordered the buffalo-style wings and was also satisfied with wings. I've only been to Lebowski's once and I've only had one thing on the menu.  Nevertheless, the wings, and service were excellent and I'll be back.
4	Been here a few times since moving to charlotte. Great food and service. Beer list is perfect for the restaurant. Very easy and layed back. The Beef on weck is a great choice. Wings also a good choice. Trivia on certin nights.
4	Pretty cool little neighborhood bar, good food, great and varied beer selection, and cool friendly peeps working the place.  We're not really regulars here, but friends of ours basically live in here, so we do come in a good bit.  The patio has some TVs so you can enjoy the weather if it's nice outside without missing the game.  They also have karaoke several nights a week too, so if that's your kind of thing, then try to time your visit accordingly.Oh yeah, the food! I really only get the wings, but I can say that they should be the only thing on the menu.  They're awesome flavors and perfectly cooked, get them and forget the rest!
4	Cool little neighborhood bar.  Went there to watch part of a football game.  We were quickly greeted and sat on the patio.  We were offered water but that was the last we saw of our server for a while.  We decided on our food but she never came back.  We placed the menus on the table- maybe she thought we were still deciding.  We stacked the menus on top of each other- never saw her.  Eventually, we had to grab someone, anyone, to take our order.I had a burger (jerk style I think).  It was great.  I could have eaten 2 or 3 of them.  Someone else had the wings- they looked great and I'll be ordering them next time.Other than waiting for what seemed like forever to place my order, I had a good experience here.  The food was good and they had a nice selection.  I will return to this place in the future.
5	Finally found a place with "haddock" fish & chips on the menu. Best haddock I've had in Charlotte so far. Will definitely go back.
5	I don't know why I've never written a review expressing our love for this restaurant!  We've been coming here since they opened, and, although we don't go out to eat very often, this is our go-to place for special events when we want to have a good time, eat good food, get great service and relax.  I usually get a fish plate, or the chicken wings, which are some of the BEST in Charlotte!  The Burgers are of course delicious, and the plates are plentiful.  They have a good selection of draft beers and a full bar with a variety of signature drinks.  It's just a great place all the way around and we hope it sticks around for a long time.
4	Came in on a Friday and had their dinner special (Crispy Haddock Filet and homemade Crab Cake with Chili-Lime Aioli, fries and coleslaw) with a Stranger White Russian... Both were great choices, but the crab cake on the special could use a little something... Not sure what, but it didn't really blow me away...  The White Russian was insane... I haven't stopped thinking about it since... lol I'm kind of mad it took me this long to go here since I'm actually from Charlotte! lol
5	Great bar food, has it's own parking (although tight), which is a plus in this neighborhood.My son had the Burger (Medium!) 4 Stars and Garlic fries (rockin!) 8 Stars :)I had the Beef on Weck...which was probably the best I've had outside of Buffalo. 5 StarsWings were cooked great...not a big fan of their Hot Sauce...but could be a personal preference....would rate them 3.5 starsLook forward to going back when I get to have a beer or two
5	Had a late lunch with my Shmoopy.Meatloaf:OutstandingBeef weck:YummoReturn soon: Yea Dude
5	As my dukedom would indicate, I'm a fan of this place. I'll try to get through this entire review without dropping any cheesy Big Lebowski references....Well, okay, maybe a couple. My favorite night to come here is on Wednesday night, as they have half priced wings & a "mystery" craft beer special. It's a great way to inexpensively sample your way through the wing combos, and taste a few unique brews along the way; I've definitely stumbled upon some really great beers this way. I wouldn't think that you MUST order a White Russian while you're here, but if you do--they are on special for a reduced price as well . Personally, I'm not much of a fan of the caucasian...but you know, that's just like, my opinion man. As for the other menu items besides the (oh so delicious) wings, Lebowski's serves up an array of bar food from the Upstate NY region. I'm talkin' Beef on Weck, White Hots, Fish Fry...you get my drift. I'm sure you can definitely come in here on Sunday, watch the Bills lose, drown your sorrows in massive amounts of Blue Light & Genny Cream Ale, and talk about where you were when Frank Reich led the comeback against the Oilers. So, if this all sounds like fun (and it should), you should definitely check them out. FYI, the parking lot can fill up in a hurry, so just be prepared to find a spot down the street if you can't get in their actual lot.
5	Food and drinks are great. Service is even better.
4	nice bar with a solid beer list. watching the Michigan and Louisvile championship game right now. lot's of tv's. I just had the chicken taco's and highly recommend them, especially durring their early or late happy hour.  Seems to be a total dude hangout, but I am here on a tuesday night, so that might explain the high percentage of sausage.Louisville ended up winning if you didn't know.
5	Lebowski's has excellent food, great service, good drink specials, and best of all, it's not noisy. You can have a conversation with others at your table without having to shout. Something to note, though, is that their parking lot is a bit awkward--it only has one entrance, which is also the exit. I generally find that if the lot is full, it means that there aren't any open tables.
5	Hands down the best fish tacos and fish & chips in town!!! Small restaurant/bar but surely a place to try : ) they will run a living social deal here and there $10.00 for $20.00 worth of food. Parking is plentiful for the restaurant but can be tight at times.Definitely a place to try!
4	Not a place you expect to find great food...but you do. Good selection of local beers as well.
4	We go here a lot with our office staff. The fish is so yummy! The service is usually slow but they are super nice and accommodating. Parking is a little weird but since we normally walk here, it isn't that big of a deal for me.
5	As a former Buffalonian the atmosphere and food at this restaurant brought on some tears of joy (not even kidding...so happy to see Bills and Sabres flags and even my college pennant).  Cant decide between wings or beef on weck?  They have a combo of 6 wings and a slider of your choice...Perfect! Both were delightful.  Garlic fries are also delicious. If they put provolone on their chicken finger sub I would say it was better than some I had in Buffalo.  Can not wait to go back.  Forgot to mention the prices...very reasonable.
3	I wasn't really sure about this place at first.  With a Big Lebowski theme, you would expect more of a west coast vibe.  This place is all New York east coast atmosphere.  I had the Beef on weck, and it just didn't hit the spot.  The true star of my meal was the garlic fries.  I rarely eat fries anymore, but I'm pretty sure I get these guys every time I come here.  My hetero life mate had the Buffalo Trifecta.  The blackened wings were really bland.  We each tried one, and then never touched them again.  The fish was amazing.  That's what I'll be ordering next time I'm there.
3	"You're not wrong Walter..."Tonight was my group's second trip to Lebowski's for trivia and we had sort of a... weird night.  I can't really be angry.  The buffalo wings were excellent.  The staff was friendly.  But man...  Trivia starts at 8, we get there at 7:45.  There were several groups milling around and the hostess looked a little frazzled.  She took our name, maybe a few groups ahead of us.  As we're waiting more and more people are showing up and being seated from a reservation book.  Did you know Lebowski's took reservations?  I wouldn't even think about it but I can accept that trivia is popular.  One of the reasons I was interested in the place is my brother has been to trivia dozens of times - never heard of the reservation book.Well we waited, and waited.  We were offered a table outside but my friends turned it down.  The thing that irritated me, and I'm sure this is something you fixate on when you're waiting to be seated but - For nearly an hour a group sat with their check on their table.  As near as I could tell, and I was staring them down like a complete weirdo, no staff came by to hurry them along.  They weren't playing trivia and it was a packed house.  We were standing up playing.  We finally snagged a table, not the one I was obsessing over.  Those folks stayed over an hour after having finished.We decided to go ahead and leave after eating.  We missed getting our question sheet for the second round amidst the hubbub of getting seated.So a lot of this isn't Lebowski's fault but I really felt like whoever is behind restaurant karma wasn't on our side tonight.  If I was with someone lingering that bad at the table I'd just leave them there.
5	Love this place..just had fish tacos for lunch. I should have written this review a long time ago, as it's become quite a regular spot for me. While many assume it's a pun on the movie, it's really a Buffalonian's Hot Spot at heart. Featuring wings, beef on wecks, and haddock fish fry, you would most likely get the same response from anyone that's from upstate NY, Lebowski's is where it's at! I'm not from Buffalo, so I speak only on hear say from other folks I've met around CLT. Growing up here in Charlotte, I must say they rank among the top of my favorite Chicken Wing spots. That Jerkiyaki is off the charts. For the vegetarians out there, they actually have some great veggie options as well, and their Mission Bay Salad (I add haddock) is ridiculous. Yes the Dude Abides! They do play a little off of the movie featuring The Dude, for all you Big Lebowski lovers. You'll find several movie references mixed in with the Buffalo decor and fan fare. With several specialty White Russians, this place a must if you like a good Caucasion to sip on. Great beer options as well, both local and national craft options, along with all your standards.Staff is laid back, but personable and helpful if you need any suggestions. There is a lot to choose from on the menu.
4	I met my friend for lunch here with a Creative Loafing Deal and was pleasantly surprised to see that it was quite crowded! The menu had a variety of yumminess and I opted for a side salad and the French dip.  Oh wow! Again, happily surprised! My friend ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it was also delicious.  The CLT deal cost $7.50 and paid for our whole meal (worth $25) so it was one of the least expensive and best lunches I've had in Dilworth!  The service was prompt and attentive..... A definite Keeper for a speedy and filling lunch!
5	I've been coming to Lebowski's for years and it just keeps getting better. Love the staff, love the beer, and the food is always consistent and delicious. This time I asked for extra shredded lettuce on my turkey burger (Anchor Style - wing sauce and blue cheese crumbles) and they delivered! See the attached photo. Can't say enough good things about the place. I'll be back again and again and again. :^}
5	The more I come to Lebowski's the more I love it!  I been here at least 6 times in the past few months, both for lunch and dinner. Especially since they've been having Living Social coupons like crazy... man I love a good deal. My boyfriend and I can't get over how a little dive bar like this has such outstanding quality food! As much as I still love the veggie burger and garlic fries here, I've totally fallen in love with their SALADS! My favorites? The Spinach (Organic baby spinach, feta cheese, red onion and dried cranberries) and The Mission Bay (Garden greens, tomato, roasted corn & black bean salsa, sliced avocado). I order both of these with a vegan patty on top and the CREAMY CILANTRO LIME dressing... best dressing ever! My boyfriend is not a vegetarian like me, but doesn't eat as much meat as the average omnivore, he usually orders a veggie burger instead of a hamburger. But he's totally fallen in love with the quality of the Certified Angus Beef Burger here at Lebowski's. This past Friday we came here with a Living Social coupon, so we wanted to try out an appetizer and we were particularly jonesin' for nachos, but the Niagara Street Nachos are the only ones on the menu and are centered around grilled chicken.  But no worries, I simply asked our waitress if they could make a vegetarian nacho plate... and MAN OH MAN the chef brought on an epic order I couldn't believe. Tri-color tortilla chips with queso, shredded cheddar, grilled spinach, zucchini, peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms and a side of salsa. WHAT? This blew my mind.
5	Mac n cheese!
4	I really like this place! I don't know why I don't stop by more. First time I headed over my friend and I sat on the patio and sipped on beers. Not a huge beer menu but think I've been spoiled by the places with 40 or so beers on tap. You can always take your chances with a 'mystery beer', which is really just whatever random beer they pull and charge you $2 for haha. Last time I headed over was for lunch. Parking in the back can get tight and can be a challenge getting out as well so be prepared. But anywho, ended up getting a half-priced deal so headed over to meet a friend. I order the buffalo chicken wrap and my friend opted for the French dip and we both had side salads - it was all very delicious! Gotta say, I was happily surprised... I underestimated the quality of food at Lebowski's. And the service was prompt and friendly as well. A great spot in Dilworth to chill out at night and a speedy place to go for lunch as well - props to Lebowski's.
5	Quite possibly one of the best food joints in all of Charlotte. I am pretty sure at one point I was eating at least 2-3 meals here a week, granted I was also within walking distance. Obviously if you've ever stepped foot in here then you know its a Buffalo, NY establishment. I have known a couple people from up there who have had no problems driving from places like Kannapolis and Matthews just to dine here.I highly recommend the Wings (I prefer the gold rush), the Memphis Panini, or the Jerk Burger. To be honest though the best deal is probably the chicken tenders because you get a side as well getting them tossed in wing sauce, which makes them amazing.  If its a gorgeous night out I highly recommend sitting on their patio, although its relatively small it's a good atmosphere. Plus you can bring your four-legged friend if you want. The wait staff is extremely friendly and has become part of the reason I return week after week. Even though this place is small they have a good size beer selection. But whats even better is that they have chosen the perfect beers to both compliment their food and their clientele. However what they are really known for are their white russians, which by the way are only $4 for the house version. They also have a small bar inside in case you want to just grab a drink, chat with the bartender, and/or catch a sporting event.
5	I'm from Buffalo so I know wings and I have to say these are just like I would get back home- they are excellent!  The Beef on Weck is soooo good.  Has a relaxing chilled out atmosphere, never been disappointed here.
4	Very enjoyable!  I was immediately greeted by the manager upon entering, the bartender was extremely nice and friendly!  That's rare nowadays!   I followed a reviewers suggestion and tried the wings and roast beef.   Wings were really good - roast beef was incredible!  Thank you for a pleasant dining experience, I will definitely be back!
4	There were 4 of us and we all got different things. The beef on weck was excellent, the fish was amazing, the burger was very good, and the wings/slider combo: bones were broke and small. Mac and cheese was great but we needed more cheese- they did add it without question! Fries were awesome and fried pickles were super, but a bit too salty!
5	Lebowski's is one of those restaurants where I always think about switching up my order and not getting the same thing every time.  But then I remember how good the beef on weck sandwich is, and I order it again and again and again.  They piled your weck roll high with thin sliced, already dipped in au jus roast beef.  (They'll give you more au jus for .49 cents extra, you don't reallllly need it, but I always get it anyway).  The employees are usually very friendly.  Last night we were seated inside, but right next to the patio door.  Every time the door opened you could smell someone's cigarette, when we asked to move the hostess was happy to accommodate us, and we slid over a few tables.  This place is a great neighborhood stop for lunch or dinner.
5	Great wings killer drinks if you like the movie than this is rite 4 u cool drink names and great people will definitely b back
4	Needed a quick meal before going to nursing school clinical's and boy did we get a delicious one!  I had the Beef on Weck.  Tender roast beef, piled high on a bun that's covered in salt, spices, and herbs.  It comes with a very rich flavorful au jus that you can't stop dipping into.  My side item was the Mac and Cheese with Pecan Bacon...absolutely scrumptious.Like I said we were in a hurry and had to get over to the hospital but they were super fast with our order and everybody's was cooked perfectly.Will be back and soon!!
5	One of our favorite places in Charlotte. Been here about 10 times.My wife loves the Weck - and has never been disappointed. She loves it. I've gotten the burgers and fish and they've always been good. We always pay a little extra to get the fries (worth it). The service has always been top notch.Nice neighborhood feel with older and younger couples; families and folks just hanging out.The parking lot is small and a little tricky. But that's the worst thing I can say. Everyone should try Lebowski's at least once.
4	I'm a fan of the movie, the Lebowski Burger and Gold rush wings. Great place to grab lunch or dinner or late night snack. It is a sports bar and it can get boisterous but I like that atmosphere every now and then. The lighting in the evening is dim, which can make a night out with the hubs seem romantic until I get Gold sauce all over my fingers, but not so dark that you struggle to read the menu. Seating is sometimes limited for large parties, but we never had a problem with 2 or 3.  We come here once or twice a month and  I oscillate between the Lebowski Burger (Angus burger topped with roast beef and queso on a weck roll) and the Gold wings. Definetly a Yankee thing to have to pay extra to swap chips for fries or any other side but not a deal breaker. The garlic fries are good but I usually try to order a salad when I get the Lebowski Burger. 'Dat burger. Mmmm. 'Dat burger. So thick and juicy! I think the caraway seeds and salt on the Weck roll is what sets it above all other burgers. Or it could be the queso sauce. I keep saying I will try the beef on weck or some other entree but I haven't had the willpower yet. It calls to my soul and I give in almost every time. Wings. Yup. They know what they're doing. Gold Wings are a sweet, spicy tangy sauce and the wings are perfectly crisp. I could eat 20 by myself. Okay, maybe 30 if I was starving and had no haters dining with me, but I usually split 10 with the hubs for an app. They have daily specials (I always want to come here for the Monday Date Night special - 2 burgers for $12 - but we never seem to make it over there).  We've been for the Wednesday Wing special before (1/2 price wings) but I probably will never do that again. I have a lack of self control around chicken wings.
4	I've been here a couple of times.  I usually see coupons out there for this place but I always forget to use them.  This place is not that expensive anyway.  It stays pretty busy.  I go after playing tennis with friends for a beer and dinner.  I usually get the salad with chicken strips on top...hard to go wrong here.  I recently tried the beef weck sandwich with au juice...pretty good.  It has a soft bun and beef piled pretty high.  I added provolone on it as well.It's a small dining room with a small bar.  It fills up pretty fast.  There is a patio and is covered with heaters in the winter time.  IT's casual, cozy, and a little dark with several TVs to watch sports.
3	Good food. Good service. Seems a bit over rated as I think 3 stars is deserved. If you've never been then certainly pay them a visit. Decent beer selection and varied menu in a pretty laid back setting. We had the beef on weck, beef and provolone sandwich, and BBQ sandwich --- nothing special but not bad. Fries were not to our liking, tater tots were yummy, Mac n cheese was OK. 3 solid stars.
3	Good atmosphere, tasty food. This is a fun place to grab a bite to eat and watch a game or two. Decent drink specials - they do a Wednesday night beer roulette.
4	Stopped in on a Sunday night and was glad to see an almost packed restaurant. There were several TV's playing football games. We were seated and helped right away. I ordered the Jerk burger, while my husband ordered a burger that had roast beef on top. The jerk burger had a really great taste and I enjoyed the toppings on it. I paid extra for fries instead of chips and noticed right away they were cooked to order. Some places serve fries that even though come out hot you can tell they have been sitting under a warmer. This was not the case at Lebowskis. My husband enjoyed his burger. First time having roast beef on top. He did say he wished there was more roast beef but the burger itself was pretty large. We also had a grilled cheese kids meal and a slider meal on our menu. I really loved how there was an option to mix and match sliders giving the option to try more than one kind. My children seldom finish their food and we always have left overs, this didn't happen dining at Lebowskis.Restaurant was kid friendly especially with the football game going on. The inside is slightly small so the tables are close together but my kids were really well behaved ( thank goodness) so this wasn't necessarily a problem. Service was great, food was made  quickly and our drinks always remained full. Price was average for a family of four especially since the food was great. Will definitely return when in the area!
4	Went to lunch on New Year's Eve which likely was our hundredth time here.  Good as usual - beer is always good and we enjoy the turkey burger or Greek pita.  While the owners haven't said boo to us over the last couple of years, ever, Lizzy is our usual server and  we appreciate her remembering us and her wanting to be our server.  We come in to see her.  Unfortunately, she wasn't here this day.  Menu options are getting old and with new competition, we may not be as frequent dinners as we have in the past.
5	Not sure why I had never reviewed this place yet.  I've been going here for years.  It seems to be the place Dilworth area bartenders go to eat after their bars close for the night.  Even though I had lived in Upstate NY for a year I actually heard about Beef on Weck from here, not Buffalo.  Now I make sure to get it when I go back up there, but I like Lebowski's Beef on Weck and Lebowski Burger.  The place caters to the northern transplant crowd and is packed when the buffalo football and hockey teams are playing.  There is a full menu of white russian type drinks.  The daily specials are usually a good deal too.My biggest issue is the parking lot is almost always a cluster.
3	I went here on Monday, Jan. 6, 2014 with my Groupon deal.  It was kind of slow and not as spacious.  I tried Sicilian wings, a salad and a sandwich.  The Sicilian chicken wings were different but the taste was not as I pictured.  I will give them 5 points for the salad and presentation.  The sandwich will be an acquired taste.  Overall, I would go back again to watch the game.
4	Great neighborhood pub.  Food is better than expected from a cozy family sports pub.  Daily food and happy hour specials make it very affordable.  Reliable staff service and food.  The beef on a wreck (salted bun) is a real stand out.  Wings are great.
5	Only been once, before moving to Alabama for school. It took awhile for us it get a table, and when did, it was on the patio, which was crammed up feeling since we had 3 people sitting at a 2 person table. The food was really good, I think I ordered the E-Street as my memory serves me right. Had that with OMB Copper. Love the location, besides finding a parking spot, but that can be anywhere on East blvd.
5	Was in Charlotte on business. Came to Lebowskis due to the great Yelp reviews. Was not disappointed. The Fredonia dip was great (must get it 'Wack-ed!). Lizzie was  excellent behind the bar and her Cinnamon Toast Crunch (TM) shot brought me back to my childhood!
4	Good food can take a restaurant a long way.  Not much to say about the atmosphere, but this place has great bar food.  The patio is a great place to people watch on East Blvd while drinking a cold beverage.
4	I have now been here 3 times (coincidentally only on Tuesday) before painting at Wine and Design about a block down the street. We usually park over at Wine and Design and walk in order to not have to deal with the traffic on East Blvd. It is an easy walk and on sunny days the King of Pops stand is out and he can be an excellent after dinner treat. I digress a little. We (I say we because it can be between 2 and 4 ladies) usually walk in around 5-5:15 and the place is consistently empty, beating the after work crowd. We are seated immediately and check out the drink menu. On Tuesdays they have $5 Stoli vodka specials and assorted beer specials (this past time it was Fat Tire drafts for $3). However, true to form I always get the same thing Stoli orange and Sprite. **They do list $5 martinis on their website on Tuesdays - wrong - it is Thursday.**I also have always gotten the Fredonia dip with the horsey sauce on the side because the taste of horseradish is very prevalent in the sauce. It basically a roast beef sandwich with au jus. But way more than "basic". The sandwich is grilled on a delicious bread on a panini maker and comes out fresh and hot. I've also partaken in their spot tots ( sweet potato tater tots) and their garlic fries. I prefer the garlic fries which they make fresh from the fryer every time we go. The waitress is always very nice and very quick. The staff help each other out so everything you might need (extra sauce, silverware, napkins, etc.) is always at your fingertips. I don't really see us going anywhere else for dinner before painting, despite there being other options like Cantina 1511 and JJs Red Hots, this place is just that good.
4	Went here for lunch a few weeks ago with a friend.  Have always heard great things and I was not in any way disappointed.  I had wings to open - two different kinds including traditional buffalo wings plus a pepper style wing that was a little sweeter.  Both were excellent - well cooked and just the right seasoning.  I particularly loved the buffalo wings.  I moved on to a beef on 'weck au jus with horse radish sauce and it was flipping fantastic.  Service was good, atmosphere was fun - loved everything about it.  Great job, great place!
5	Great wings! The food here is wonderful. My favorite side is the spot tops with dip (sweet potato tots) they are to die for!!!
5	Got a taste of Triple C Brewing "The Dude Imbibes" tonight at Lebowski's. I love that I can come to Lebowski's and get access to special local brews!  Lebowski's also offers sweet potato tots with a creamy, sweet dipping sauce...mmmm!
5	Very good sandwiches and excellent garlic fries. Super bartender and fun, cozy atmosphere.
5	Awesome!  This is a great neighborhood restaurant/bar with patio seating and good service.  I typically order something new at places so I can try everything, but it is incredibly difficult to not order the wings, or at least the beef on weck.  I love the hot or jerkiyaki wings.  I try not to say that somewhere has the best anything, unless it is true... Lebowski's has the best wings you will get anywhere.  The owner, Kirk, is from Buffalo and he knows his stuff.  They cook the wings the right way, using fresh chicken wings and he puts them on the flat top to help crisp them up.  You won't be able to eat BW3 or any other crap wings ever again without comparing them to Lebowski's.
4	Being lucky #120 on the reviews, I'm obviously a little late to the game with Lebowski's... and I'm sorta kicking myself about that because it was such a fun place! I'll keep it short since, you know, #120.Parking was easy in the lot in the back, which I always appreciate on East Blvd. The inside was bar-like but cozy (white lights line the ceiling) and dark with all kinds of Big Lebowski paraphernalia on the walls. Funny enough, I'd always thought this place was a bar, but there's only a tiny bar with maybe 4 seats; the rest is all tables. As others have noted, the acoustics can be a little tricky if the place is full... and I'm guessing it always is.Food! I went with the sliders (turkey, cheeseburger, and pulled pork) with spot tots - sweet, not savory, YUM - and the fella went with the Beef on 'Weck with garlic fries, which weren't very garlicy, but that was okay. Everything was delicious, our waitress was awesome, and I'm so glad I finally went.
2	I've never written a review before but I had to here. Although the entrees were good, the fried pickles were sooo salty!! It was like eating a salt lick. I wouldn't have been upset but after mentioning it to the waiter, who was nice but not very attentive, said he would let the kitchen know but never refunded me!! We didn't even eat them so it was obvious!!! Not to mention, they charge you for sides, the price on the sandwiches are expensive, then add an additional charge for a side. They ask you what side you want without mentioning it will be extra, you would assume the sandwiches would come with a side since the prices are high. I also waited 15 minutes to ask for ketchup so I got some myself from another table. I feel the owners are greedy. Not coming back
5	We were at Lebowski's a few months back for a few beers and we were impressed with the sincerity of the bartender, so now we live in Charlotte and we had to go back for food and we were not disappointed.Wings with sweet honey chili sauce were nice and crispy, needed no Blue Cheese or any other sauce.PLT sandwich (Pimiento, Lettuce and Cheese) was great.I had the burger with Pimiento and onion rings, it was phenomenal, as were the garlic fries. My only concern was that it seemed that the bathroom walls and ads behind the urinal hadn't been cleaned in a long time, they looked very dusty.Overall, I will be back often!
4	My first visit was today.No wait, we sat at a comfy corner table on the patio. Multiple servers were making sure we never went thirsty. The food was as good as I expected. I was going to try the tacos but was lured in last second by the wings slider and fries. Still excited about going back. If the tacos are kicking ass and the service is comparable 5 stars it is.
5	Went to Lebowskis yesterday for lunch and it was SO good! I had the turkey burger and it was delish, service was excellent and the patio was awesome! I would highly recommend this place!
3	This place was just ok, not impressive at all. Few TVs but not a great atmosphere for that. My boyfriend had the Lebowski burger and said it was good but nothing special, comes with wavy lays chips. I had the jerk style chicken sandwich. Again, it was fine but nothing to brag about. I got a side of Mac and cheese which was a little disappointing, again just ok. People around us had salads that looked really good. I think if someone did make me come back here I would try that. Won't ever choose to go here again. The service was good and the food came out very quickly.
4	This is a great neighborhood bar and The Big Lebowski themed which makes it that much better.Cheap beers and good specials and a decent sized menu with something for everyone. In my opinion, the Beef on Weck is a little too plain for me. I like having cheese and sauce on it so I recommend the Fredonia Dip if you're like-minded.Hadn't tried the wings until my most recent trip, and oh my gosh were they delicious. Screw the French Dips, the wings were much better, in my opinion.Sampled the stingers and jerkiyaki which were both incredible. The wings themselves were on the small size but the flavors of both easily compensated. Great price, great food, great environment. I love this place. Shomer Shabbos.
5	With a Buffalo theme, you know the wings should be good. The wings are as good as advertised, game days are fun, kids have fun options and the staff is always friendly and helpful.  This is one of a our favorite places to take the whole family, and even the dogs can hang out on the outdoor patio.  If you are in the mood for beer, wings and a Beef on 'Weck, you need to take your crew here...
5	Tuesday night is always hopping with trivia. If you want to bring a group for trivia you may want to call ahead so you can make sure to get a table big enough. First place is $30 and the winners of each round get 4 beers.My favorite is the chicken tenders tossed in "stingers" sauce but pretty much anything on the eclectic menu is great. Haven't found anything that I've been remotely disappointed in after coming almost once a week for a year.
4	Yay Friday!  After a long haul, my man and I wanted to celebrate the best night of the week.  We put our name in for a table and approached the bar.  The bartender immediately acknowledged, even though she was mixing a drink.  Talk about multitasking!We were seated fairly soon after getting drinks from the bar.  I ordered the veggie burger with pimento cheese and onion rings, no bun.  With fries.  Very pleased with the delightful tastes.  My honey  got haddock sliders and Mac and cheese.  He also liked his meal, although he prefers his Mac to have baked on cheese instead of mere creaminess.The really outstanding feature of Lebowski's is the staff.  Nobody acts "too cool" like some of the young, hipster hosts and servers at other establishments.  Everyone projected a sincere attitude of happy and upbeat.  They were on it with their service.TGIF indeed!
5	Great Neighborhood spot!  The chili is my favorite along with the great sandwiches.  Also, the Time magazine cover mirror in the ladies bathroom is hilarious.  The Dude Abides!
5	I enjoy this bar. I can get a manhattan for $11, which is reasonable. And the industry nachos with the gorgonzola and buffalo chicken breast...So dericious. I like this tiny bar.
4	Cool place, tasty food and obviously delicious white Russians! Prices were good. Place isn't big but it didn't feel crowded. Friendly folks there. My cousin said their wings are the best!
4	Yeah, well, you know, here's just, like, my opinion, man.Lebowski's is the type of place that really know how to tie a beef on weck together.  From the garlic fries to the jerk burger, this place nails their food.  This is a great place to kick back and watch a game and put down a couple White Russians or beers.  Decorated with a hommage to Buffalo sports teams and The Big Lebowski, it's tough not to love this place.  The service is quick and friendly without helicoptering.  I'll be back!Try:  The garlic fries as your side
5	My husband'a favorite place to eat. Great bar food, fast and friendly service, and easy on the wallet. They always have a great selection of draft beers and rotate the taps often.
4	A must stop for lovers of heart attack pub food. The buffalo wings at Lebowski's have got to be in the top two in Charlotte. That is why we all go to sports bars right? You get wings the wings the right way: the skin is crisp & they're not under-cooked inside. It's not rocket surgery. The restaurant does have a good ambiance with a intimate friendly vibe & artwork featuring "The Dude" & his exploits.Lebowski's is on the smaller side, but it's very rarely crowded enough that you can't get a table. Unless it's a Bills game...It's a Buffalo Bills bar. Bills fans, c'mon. It's like being married to an alcoholic that hasn't had a job in 7 years. You live here now, there's a (semi) good team HERE! It's time to move on. "But I looo-oove him, Maury!"In other words, amazing place to watch a game if you like the Bills. If you like one of the other 31 teams, you won't be able to see them play, unless they're playing when Buffalo is not.I vaguely remember other people saying the sandwiches are good or something or my car's being towed or whatever. It's a Buffalo place, get the Buffalo Wings.
4	Still four stars. Earlier, I said there was a (semi) good football team here in Charlotte. I would like to amend that statement & issue an apology for misinformation.
4	We stopped here on a whim yesterday after my sons music class and boy am I glad we did!  Lebowski's would certainly make "The Dude" proud.  Laid back atmosphere with killer food.  Next time I'm wearing my robe...  Loved the Christmas lights lining the ceiling and carpet throughout the restaurant.  I ended up getting the Dixie Style burger adding Pimento cheese and a side of Mac and Cheese with Pecan Bacon.  Even though the burger wasn't the best I've had in Charlotte it was still really good.  The Pimento Cheese worked really well with the chili (how could it not?).  The Mac and Cheese was also really good - some of the best I've had.  The noodles were cooked just right (al dente) and the bacon to cheese ratio was just right.
4	Note to people that have expense reports!!!  They PRINT THE DETAIL OF THE CHECK ON EVERY CREDIT CARD RECEIPT COPY.  If you travel for work, you need to know this, AND I WISH I KNEW THIS BEFORE I ORDERED. I have never had this problem in any other restaurant, anywhere, and I travel weekly. The place is cozy, and the menu selections are numerous. Lots of TV's = good views from every seat in the place. I had a beef on weck with added cheese and horseradish. I think it was called a Franciscan. I was pretty good, but I think I would order something else next time. The Mac and Cheese with bacon was really good!Beer selection is extensive, and red wine by the glass is 8 bucks, with several good choices. The service was friendly, but it was pretty relaxed. If it was lunchtime, I would have dinged them for it, but it was just fine with me as I wanted to watch a few sporting events. Next time I will try their wings, as other reviewers said they were great.
4	The food was authentic, excellent selection of entrees, great beer selection, and hearty portions.If you like  Lebowski's this is the best I've had anywhere in the metro NC area! And, the staff was very friendly and accommodating.
