4	Minus 1 star for crunchy rice.  What is it about Chinese restaurants with crunchy rice?So far I've tried the orange peel chicken (WAYYYYY better than Panda Express, imo), mongolian beef (okay, but really nothing to squeal about), tomato beef (would've liked for it to be a little sweeter, but other than that, it was goooood), egg rolls (small but yummy), and egg drop soup (same as any restaurant).There's a reason the orange peel chicken is one of their house specials.  Moist pieces of white meat buckk-erk with a satisfyingly crunchy battered outside smothered in a slightly spicy tangy sweet orange peel sauce.  Freak-en awesome.My advice:  If you have a rice cooker, make your own.   Take-out is better than eating in...it's a small cramped little restaurant, and lines tend to form outside.  If you want to eat there, go early.  The lunch special with food enough for two averages about $5.50.Don't trust the fortune cookies. Confucious does NOT say.
2	Basic run of the mill Chinese that seems to be geared for the Sun City crowd. Bland and ordinary on most dishes. Family Tofu, Sweet and Sour, Lemon Chicken, gloopy and way to much corn starch in the sauce. Just over all unimpressed. We did ask them to make Chow Fun with beef and green peppers which was very good but "seasonal".. WTF? Seasonal? It's noodles, beef and bell peppers.. what's so seasonal about that? If in a real pinch and are dying for some Chinese this is probably one of the better Chinese choices in Surprise. At least its not a chain or a buffet!
4	We went there for a late lunch on a Saturday.  I agree that the fried rice was a bit weird, but my orange tofu was heavenly.  Perfectly crispy on the outside, still tofu-y on the inside.  That tofu is the reason Big Buddha earned 4 stars from me.  No other Chinese place around here even does orange tofu.  I'll ask for plain steamed rice next time.I loved that the lunch special was offered on the weekends, too, and we didn't have to order dinner-sized portions.  And at around $5 a plate, a pretty good deal!I did not love the one song that was playing on a loop during our meal.  No idea what that was about.We'll be back.
4	My friend and I ordered take out from here for lunch today, and I thought it was pretty good.  I love their crab puffs because they are mostly cream cheese and not a lot of crab.  That's just my personal preference.I eat mostly vegetarian (some fish), and I was happy to see some tofu dishes on the menu.  My friend had the curry tofu, but it was too spicy for her taste.  She liked the egg roll that came with it as well.  The curry had a nice sweetness to it that I liked.  I got the Buddha vegetables, and they were good.  They had a hint of ginger.  Not a big fan of the sweet and sour sauce though.  It's that bright red generic stuff that doesn't have much flavor, IMO.  Would prefer something lighter.  Also didn't think much of the rice.Overall we liked it and I will go back.
5	....About the best your going to get in Surprise.  Most places around there are good for take out - not dine in - and if you want to dine in you should be prepared to be recomended to Red Robin or Carrabas. :(I am vegetarian and was so incredibly happy to see vegetarian dishes.. a must try is the Garlic Tofu with Eggplant.The rest of my family enjoyed the flounder and the triple beef.The place is small but homely .
4	I like Big Buddha for its fresh taste, price, portions, and speed. I love it when I call in an order and when I get there (only 5 mins away) its almost always done I rarely have to wait for anything. I'm not real big on there fried rice seems like its just like the white rice with some Soy sause mixed into it... But over all a go place to go.
4	Clean, waiters are polite. Food is good. Great vegetarian dishes. Lunch specials are cheap, Dinner prices are above average.. Not much dining space.. only about seven tables (its very small)
4	Pleasantly surprised at this little gem.  I had the curry tofu and my partner had the orange tofu... we finally stepped outside our box. (I usually will order something like the moo goo gai pan at restaurants like this)We are glad we stepped out of the box because it was excellent.  The orange tofu had an excellent glaze and still kept it's nice softness on the inside.  Same with the curry. The curry was nice and spicy, just like it's supposed to be and doesn't kill you with the spice.We didn't have an issue with the rice like other reviewers did... not special, but not bad either.The staff were real nice.There was a steady flow of people moving in and out of the place, even at 1pm.It was quick, easy, cheap and tasty.  Definitely worth it.
3	My girlfriend and I had the orange chicken, pot stickers, crab puffs and chicken fried rice. The flavor of the orange chicken was good the chicken was all white and had a good texture however, the breading slid easily off of the chicken which was a bit annoying. The pot stickers were tasty but the outside was soggy. I guess some people like them that way but I am not a fan. The crab puffs were very good lots of cream cheese not a lot of crab. The fried rice was pretty good but there was too much chicken in the chicken fried rice. I like a high rice to other items ratio personally. All and all it was worth the drive. If the breading on the orange chicken would have stayed on the chicken I would have given it a four. I will give Big Buddha a second try though for sure.
3	As good as it gets for Chinese food in Surprise right now.
4	Slim pickins for Chinese food out here in the land of Surprise but this place is fairly priced and has good food.  We just tried their lunch special and it was a great value and no issues with the rice.  On top of good food, the service is always on the mark and very friendly.  Enjoy!
2	The Orange Chicken I ordered arrived swimming in sauce, and it was a bit too sweet for my taste.  It appears they have resolved any issues with their rice, and overall I would recommend this restaurant to someone wanting to find Chinese/American food in Surprise.  Not entirely authentic Chinese by any means, but probably as good as any out here in the far NW valley.  Good if you want to stick close to home, and ample parking.
3	I went here with a friend for lunch.  It was a bit late for lunch ~around 1:30 or so in the afternoon on a Wednesday.  There were a few other people when we arrived.  We were seated right away, drinks were served and menus were browsed.  Overall the menu seems to have basic Chinese dishes that you would expect.  They also have a handful of lunch combination selections.I ordered the Crispy Lemon Chicken (white meat).  It was served with a good sized portion of white rice.  My friend ordered the Tofu Curry Lunch combo which came with soup(of the day - no vegan option), an egg roll (they have pork in them), fried rice, and a cream cheese wonton.I was a little disappointed with my lemon dish.  Overall it was good, crispy, large portion, hot and served quickly, but it was described as tany and instead it was quite sweet.  It was more like lemon candy than the tang dish I have come to expect when associating with lemon.I was told the Curry dish was good, nothing extraordinary, but good.  The service was good, fast, friendly and reasonably priced.  I think for the prices and the amount of food that is served it was decent and as other reviewers have stated, there are few options in Surprise for Chinese when the craving hits.  I live away from the area, so I won't make a habit of visiting, but I'm not sorry I went.
5	My hubby and I are regulars at this great place! Our favorite is the "Spicey Boiled Wonton" Holy Moly this dish is fab! We each get our own cause there is no way I am sharing. From Pot Stickers to the Orange Chicken and beyond, this place has tasty food. The service is always there-so welcoming and friendly!!
5	We have been here several time.  Excellent food and service.  Love it!  Orange chicken is so good.
4	Not many Chinese food options out in Surprise, but this one is the best. I'm a big fan of the orange peel chicken, although I do agree with the reviewer complaining that the breading does fall of the chicken when trying to eat it. Pork fried rice is also delish. I'd stay away from the crab puffs...small and not very tasty. They do have awesome egg rolls...get 'em instead. I've always done take out here and the food is always ready when they tell me it will be, comes in a nice carry out container and the orders are always correct. Next time I'm in the mood for Chinese, I know who I'll call!
5	I am a very happy Vegan at Big Buddha! If I ever stop craving the curry the other vegetarian menu items are just as delicious. And everything on the menu can be adapted and made vegetarian upon request. The orange tofu is perfectly crisp and satisfying to share or with the addition of some vegetables. My family especially enjoys the orange chicken, sesame chicken, and the beef chow fun. I also appreciate the graphic design and attention to aesthetics, even the carry out boxes. The delightful owners/servers love what they do and take pride in it, which makes the experience all the more enjoyable.
5	My family and I LOVE this place. So hard to find good chinese food, we lived in Avondale for 8 years and LOVED Wongs. Finally found a place in Surprise that is actually BETTER. Food is fresh and very tasty. We order from them probably once a month, love it. Crab puffs are to die for. I dont like the egg drop soup, tastes like "dirty" water, not sure what it is I dont like, if its a seasoning or what, but, my boys and hubby like it so, who knows. They have a nice indoor ambience and an outdoor patio. You will not be disappointed in Big Buddha. I tell EVERYONE I know who lives out here about it. Great place.
4	This place exceeded my expectations. The beef chow fun noodles are definitly up to par! Great service as well. I will be back.
5	I am also vegan and was very excited to find this place right next to our gym! The orange tofu was to die for and the curry vegetables were amazing. My husband and I both agreed that it was some of the best Chinese food we've ever had in Arizona
3	A small Chinese restaurant located by SR 303 in Surprise. The side patio is covered and great to place to eat. My order was quickly delivered. I ordered house fried rice, beef chow fun (flat noodles), hot and sour soup. The food items are overwhelming of taste of onions, ginger and garlic. If you are used to this type of taste. It's a good restaurant to try.
4	Lunch specials 7 days a week. Prices are very reasonable considering the quality of the food. My wife has special dietary needs, and a request for a dish with no onion, garlic, or pepper (hot)... Unfortunately the standard white sauce has white pepper, and the waitress forgot this. As we started to eat, Pammy discovered the pepper, the attentive waitress knew something was wrong and wanted to make it right. The other waiter got involved and they both insisted that she get a fresh meal without pepper, so special sauce was made fresh and her new meal arrived in minutes.Since the first meal with pepper could easily be put in a box, for me to eat later (I have no restrictions), and since the second meal came with all the sides (rice, eggroll, and crab puff) we wanted to pay for all three meals. But the staff would not let us, insisting it was 'on the house'. Of course we will be back many times. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere, great tasting food with quality ingredients.
5	Good food, great help.  Plenty of food and the price is right.  The people there are always trying to be accommodating.  Love going there.
5	Always something special from the Buddah kitchen. We've never been disappointed. Get the Orange chicken...
4	Definitely worth stopping by and trying. This is my favorite Chinese food restaurant in the Surprise/Sun City area. I do not enjoy the Americanized Chinese food that is served in most places and find it difficult parting with my money to try Chinese food. I was in the area and tried it on a whim (and some help from my fellow Yelpers). I am so glad I did. It is a smaller restaurant located in a small strip mall area off of the 303 and Greenway, but it is a fabulous find.  I have gone during their lunch hour (11a-2pm) and found it to be busy, yet clean and well run.The food is a solid 3.5 to 4. I have tried several dishes and none of them have been greasy, bland, overly salty or stale. Each time I have ordered, the food has been freshly prepared and served promptly.The service is a solid 4. I have always been greeted and seated promptly. I am served promptly and they bring the bill shortly after you finish your plate. Our glasses were constantly being refilled without our request. I have overheard several phone conversations and other patrons asking about ingredients and preparations of the various dishes. I appreciate how the staff take the time to answer any questions (without attitudes or sighs) asked of them, even if they answered that question multiple times that day.Their lunch menu has a great variety of dishes and all below $10.  Their family style dishes are also of good value, but each dish serves 2-3 people.
1	I'm shocked to see that this place has an average of 4 stars!! This place sucked. We ordered the crab puffs, sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, and egg drop soup. Everything was gross. The crab puffs were soggy and burnt, the sweet and sour chicken was somewhat decent but the sauce was sooo watered down. The fried rice was so greasy and had a weird flavor, and the egg drop soup was by far the worst. It tasted like someone used leftover water from cleaning dishes to make it. It was so nasty. I DEFINITELY WOULD NOT reccommend this place.
4	I have to say this Chinese food is compared to NY Chinese food. It was great. I love there Pork fried rice...Yes, when it is called Fried rice it is fried not like some of these places the rice is white and all in a clump with peas & carrots that is not fried rice. The owners are very nice and there staff. I have ordered plenty of times from Big Buddah and I have to say it is the best.
2	Fast friendly service a little to fast. The veggies weren't cooked enough for my taste still had alot of crunch in them.
4	We've eaten here and gotten take-out several times, and have always been satisfied. It's nothing spectacular, but the food is still great, the atmosphere inside the restaurant is nice, they are fast and friendly, and the prices are very reasonable. If you're in the Surprise area and want some good Chinese food, I'd definitely give them a try!
4	I was really happy with our visit here. We came across it on accident, but we will be back for sure! Food was excellent, service was friendly, and price was great! It was the type of place where the servers actually knew the names of a good amount of customers! Dining room is cute and clean too! I would recommend this to anyone! We had the lemon chicken and kung pow (not sure if I spelled that correctly). They were both good. I LOVE lemon chicken and Big Buddha sure knows how to do it well.
5	Absolutely my favorite chinese place in all of Surprise and more than likely out of any place I have tried throughout my life. Every dish I have ever ordered has been fabulous. The people who own/work here are very sweet. The location itself is somewhat small inside but also offers outside patio dining. While I have dined in on occasion, I prefer takeout to get my chinese fix! The orange chicken is literally my all time favorite dish!
5	Best Chinese around hands down!! Love this place and we get take out on a regular basis! Try the sizzling rice soup!
3	My wife and I rarely disagree this much about a restaurant. She hates it. I like it. Whats not to like? The egg rolls are horrible. The won ton soup is worse. And the lobster sauce is dark and salty. But... the chow fun (broad noodle) is NY Chinatown good. Just about everything I've tried on the menu in four visits has been tasty , the portions are very generous, the menu prices are low, low, low, the service is excellent and the staff is really nice. I could add another star because of how genuinely nice these folks are.
2	It had been quite some time since I ate at this restaurant, and I was anxious to give it another chance.  Sadly, there are still problems with the food.  They fixed any issues with their rice, but the Crispy Orange Beef was tough and flavorless, the Mongolian Beef was so salty I practically had to give myself dialysis.  The service is pleasant and attentive, but there is a LOT of room for improvement  in quality and consistency with the food.  Their one saving grace was the Szechuan Green Bean entree with shrimp and tofu.  This dish will likely be the only thing I order there again, until I see proof that things have improved.
4	I like this place.. I'm not wild about Chinese food but this was really good! I think we will be getting take-out from here more often!
5	The food here is fantastic.  I have been here many times and am always impressed with the service and food.  Their patio is "dog friendly" which is important to me.  I recommend the fish dishes and the fried rice.  Also the hot and sour soup is the perfect food for a cold day.  The staff here is helpful and friendly and very professional.
1	Very bad Chinese....Me and my wife took a chance and went here last night. I read the mixed reviews, and thought that the good should out-weigh the bad, not in this case the food was horrible. We ordered for starters..egg drop soup...soup was bland and lacking flavor.Next I order Happy Family, my wife orders Mongolian Beef, we were excited to try this place as it is close to our house. Well, we were very disappointed, the Mongolian Beef tasted like imitation meat, with a spice sauce that just wasn't right. Then we get the Happy Family and it tastes like imitation meat also, it was very hard not just to leave the restaurant, the only thing that was halfway cooked right was the white rice. With that said, the portions they give are small, and they charge too much for the product --even though the product is horrible. I wouldn't even feed this food to my dog..that's how bad it was. When we went to pay our bill the server noticed that we left quite a bit of food on the table, they asked if we would like to take it home, we both said "No" This place was a waste of time and money!We will not be back!
3	My Hubby had the sweet and sour, my Mom had the orange chicken, and I had the Saigon noodles.  My Mom really liked her orange chicken, I tasted it and liked it, but couldn't eat much because it was too sugary.  I liked the noodles, they had flavor, and the egg was what made it pretty good.  I didn't like the egg roll, it was very bland.  We will continue to order take out because it isn't bad and it is close, so when you are sick and aren't up for cooking, it works.
4	The chicken chow mein is good, soft noodles, not hard.
5	I am giving them 5 stars because there is no other Chinese food here in Surprise that matches with them. We sometimes come in a big party (15-20) but has never waited for more than 15 minutes. My personal favorite is the fish in black bean sauce. My son loves their orange beef. My wife loves the tofu and eggplant dish. Never go to other Chinese restaurants in Surprise. This place is affordable, quiet, and the food is always good. It also helps that the service is excellent.
3	This is a couple steps up from places like panda express, but I have had better. It's kind of a small, quaint sort of restaurant. Price is about as normal as any other Chinese food place.
5	We gave Big Buddha a try when they first opened years ago. We were really unimpressed... But we recently decided to give them another go since most other Asian restaurants in Surprise are chains and, for the most part, nasty (I have to exempt Fresh Wasabi and SK as they are both great). Our minds have been changed, BB is really good food!We have been a few times and everything has been very good! Favorites are the chow fun, house fried rice, happy family, and garlic chicken... For a very healthy twist, try the snow white chicken and skip the rice. Best egg rolls anywhere!
5	We LOVE Big Buddha! The food is always great!  We esspecially appreciate that the chicken is good quality in all their recipes. Also, we love the spicy boiled won tons and signapore rice noodles! Great stuff everytime! So glad its out near our house!
5	I've lived out in the west Valley for about 5 years now and I'm yet to come across a Chinese Food place better than this one.  This place has a local feel to it and is very clean and well taken care of. The staff are very friendly and willing to make substitutions to meet customer needs. The food is spectacular sit-down style. This place also has some classic dishes that you can't find anywhere else around town. The crispy orange beef and chicken sizzling rice dishes are among the best. This place is truly a gem of the west valley hidden in the north-west corner of Surprise.
5	I love this place. Food is ALWAYS fresh, cook correct and service is great. Not to mention their lunch specials!!! My husband and I always spend less than 20 bucks and get full and satisfied EVERYTIME!!!!
3	Glad I found this place recently. (near my gym, ha, go figure, no the two do not go hand in hand!)There are no many Chinese options in Surprise, but this appears to be the best one.  Got it as take out and the food was packed nicely in trays as opposed to the good old "chinese box"  with a few pieces of meat and 10oz of sauce in them.We had orange chicken, sesame chicken and hunan beef.  All were great.  A bit onion heavy on the beef but not to the point of ruining the dish.Only two negatives:  We got both steamed rice and fried.  The steamed white rice was very dry.   Biggest negative was the egg drop soup.  Another review said it was like dishwater, I would have to agree.  Had we eaten in the restaurant I would have definitely sent it back.
3	This place has grown on me, its good. True, I really miss the amazing chinese places I use to have in Utah (weird, but some of the best). It is good to have a decent place close to home, who is nice and fast :).  The hubby has become an orange chicken fan, no longer sweet and sour. I like the orange best also, the house (tso) is good, but not as tasty as the orange.  The egg rolls are super yummy :) egg drop soup good... I am glad they are close to us :)...
4	had lunch there today. great small restaurant with good service. very much a family run business. nice friendly staff.the food: very good !! good portions. well prpared and full of flavor. also, very good quality product served. good selection and very fair prices.check it out for yourself.
4	Based on everybody's reviews, I HAD to try this place out.  I mean really HAD to.  I'm Chinese so I KNOW Chinese food and there's not a whole lot of places to go that's decent on our side of town.  So it's still a good 15-20 miles away from us but we were in the neighborhood so we decided to give it a try.  WOW!Granted, not the best Chinese food I ever had but definitely the best I've had in the West Valley.  I would say if it were in any other place like NY, LA, Houston, I would have given it 3 stars but for Phoenix, definitely 4.  The service was also very good, which you don't usually see in Chinese restaurants.  I ain't hatin' either - it's just the way it is.  :)We  had the Beef Chow Fun, Honey Walnut Shrimp, and Crispy Orange Beef.  The COB wasn't very spicy which was fine by us, but had a nice sweet tangy flavor to it.  It didn't taste like it had much of a layer on it - almost like they  just fried the beef - but it tasted pretty good.  Never eaten it that way before.The HWS had huge shrimp but not a whole lot of it.  Which was fine.  I thought the mayo sort of overpowered the whole dish but it was still better than any other place I've had in the Valley.  Finally, the BCF was the best dish.  I'm a fan of big noodles and they did a good job with the flavoring.We really enjoyed our meal here and will definitely come again.  All the flavoring in their food was pretty good, if not awesome.  Not super salty like Pei Wei can be (my I-don't-have-any-other-choice-but-to-come-here option) but rather just the right touch.  When we got there, pretty much all their tables were full and the conversations I heard several of the patrons had with the waiters/waitress was, "Thanks for coming again, see you next week/time."  DEFINITELY a good sign.  We weren't disappointed!
5	I enjoy the beef chow fun and the honey walnut shrimp.  Taste like I'm back in San Fransisco so I would say pretty good Chinese food in Arizona :)I like the fat noodles, lots of meat, strong flavors, and great portions.  They use onions and yes I do like it since it adds flavor to the dish, I just don't eat all the onions.  Only thing let on the plate is some onions after I'm done with it.  If you want good Chinese food in Surprise this is the place.
5	My husband and I have been looking for a great Chinese restaurant, and our local search is OVER!  We went out on a date night, had heard of Big Buddha in passing, checked out reviews and decided to give it a try.  WELL...we arrived at 830 pm they close at 9 pm).  We were greeted right away in a friendly manner, we were shown to a table and service was AWESOME, QUICK and FOOD WAS DELICIOUS AND TASTED FRESH!  We had a wonderful meal, were NOT rushed by staff, everyone was super nice and we ended up having a great evening.  Price was very fair as well!  We had eggrolls, beef skewers, egg drop soup, fried rice, beef and broccoli, orange chicken for (2) and everything was delicious and hot.  Meal came out to only $36....considering we had a beer, soda and everything I mentioned...GREAT VALUE!   If you want good Chinese Food in Surprise, I agree with Floyd C...WE FOUND IT!
4	I love Big Buddha. By far the best chinese food in surprise. Now the previous statement is not saying much, but we do what we can in the boonies right? I would recommend the beef chow fun, the chicken Egg Foo Young and the Kung Pow Chicken. If you go during lunch you can't beat the price. If I remember right it's like $6 for an entree, soup, and a crab puff. Unlike any of the other chinese food joints in Surprise, it's actually worth a visit.
4	Best Chinese food in the Valley, not just Surprise.  I was on my way to another Chinese place when I pulled out my handy Yelp mobile App and the reviews all told me to come here.  Got dinner to go.  Order on the phone was taken fast and dinner was ready when we arrived in 15 minutes.  We got the Beef skewer appetizers and they were really good.  A little on the fatty side as far as beef goes but it had a lot of flavor.  For main dishes we got the Orange Chicken per everybody's reviews as well as the Beef Chow Fun.  Orange chicken was white meat breast.  The sauce was very good and didn't drown the food.  It was an excellent dish!!  Beef Chow Fun is great as it has delicious noodles and beef (the ultimate compromise in my home).  If I had to be picky, I'd say it is a little expensive (not overpriced because I am willing to pay an extra buck or two per dish for greatness) but over $30 for two dishes and an appetizer.  I will be back soon and often as long as they keep making great food.
4	Love it! Cant wait to eat here again. The egg rolls were the best Ive ever had. Sweet and sour pork is my all time favorite! And when I got take out they put the pork seperate from the sauce so it didnt get soggy..Fried rice is good also.
4	Not bad.  We ordered the beef chow fun, mongolian beef, chicken lo mein, and the teriyaki chicken.  We also brought in a coupon for free cream cheese crab won tons.  I didn't care much for the mongolian beef, but there was nothing bad about it, really.  My husband loved his beef chow fun.  I think I will probably try all new items next time.  The teriyaki chicken was pretty good though and I loved the cream cheese crab won tons.  The price was right and service was good too.
4	Checked in with yelp and you get 2 free egg rolls. All of our dishes were hot and very good. We'll be back for sure!
5	Great fresh food and vegetarian options! I will definitely return!!
5	went here with Jennie D. and food was shiggdiggilly good! Jen had her vegetarian Tofu and I had the   egg foo young. we split the green beans in brown sauce..Very fresh and steamin hot ! Staff werent super friendly but took good care of us. The karate school next door was having a Halloween party so they brought in mini cupcakes and passed them out...Jen and I will definately be back!
4	Great Chinese in Surprise.  After two visits this has become our favorite place in Surprise for Chinese food.  All of the staff is attentive and way friendly.  The food is excellent and the portions are large enough to take some home.  We always get to entree's and split them.  Our last visit we split twice cook pork and chicken chop.  suey.  The fried riced was excellent and meats were succulent. The restaurant is a little small but they do have outdoor seating.  We have tried the "buffets" in the area and have found that Big Buddha is a good and well priced restaurant.  Leftovers at home are always a bonus.  We will be coming back for more.
4	The food here is great! I really like their orange chicken. It's not your typical orange chicken. The kung pao chicken is also delicious. They're very friendly and I will continue to visit Big Buddha!
2	Oops.... I really should have gone to Big Heng. Seriously, why do I try new things?!?!?I got the Hong Kong Crispy Noodle, consisting of a light, crispy fried noodle, (read that as tough and not easy to eat), topped with seasoned chicken with vegetables in a light sauce, (bland chicken and mushy veggies drenched in oily water), with an egg roll on the side, (a little stick filled mostly with shredded carrots and chopped onions). Yeah.... no. My wife got the sesame chicken, (tasty, but slippery, and with very little texture, not even slightly crispy), and side of lo mein, ($7.25 for a little box of noodles!!), and both were better than what I ordered. I was expecting a much different meal than what I got. I won't rule out trying Big Buddha, again, but....
5	Best Chinese food in surprise and very friendly environment.
4	Never actually ate at the location. We have had take out on a couple of occasions. Really good food, have had their orange chicken, chow mein, Mongolian beef. Seems to be the best locally. I could only think of a couple of places that are better, but they are California!! This will be our Chinese food joint, until they fail us!!! Service has always been good, and price are decent!
3	food is ok, no delivery, expensive, and there are no such things as combination platters. So if you want beef and broccoli and shrimp fried rice, you have to order each separate so its about 17 dollars per person.
3	This place never fails to delight. I've been eating here more or less since they opened. My favourites are the tomato beef (probably not everyone's cup of tea as it's a little slimy I guess), garlic eggplant/tofu, and either the Singapore or the Yang Chow fried rice. I've heard that the Orange Chicken is awesome, I'm not a big fan of this dish so I've never had it here, but at some stage I'll see if I can convince the wife to get some then try a small bit to see what the fuss is about. The only thing keeping this place from getting four stars is that it's a little on the pricy side - I bought an order of their (new) Taiwanese style beef and an order of Yang Chow rice, and the total came to almost $20. Entrees come with a small side of boiled rice, probably about 20c worth in the scheme of things. I'd have felt far more comfortable paying about $10-12, and in fact your dollar buys you plenty more food at Chen and Wok down the road, which is almost as tasty (and THEY have pork w/black mushroom! :-) At any rate, Buddha is a great little Chinese place in Surprise, clean, well-run, great selection of food but something that unfortunately I have to consider a rare treat based on cost.
2	Ordered chicken lo mein lunch special, took quite a while to receive it...but it was pork. Quite a conversation getting it changed. Pork and chicken were both chewy and overcooked, no seasoning whatsoever. Lo mein was ok, but had a strange oily aftertaste. Egg drop soup also had no seasoning. Egg roll was very strange tasting...couldn't really identify what was inside even after breaking it apart (I was told it was carrot mostly). Red sweet/sour sauce was oddly spicy, but not bad. I had been in this place twice before and was underwhelmed with the food, although the service was excellent and the lunch prices were reasonable. I like to support local businesses, but definitely wont go back, even though it is close to my home.
4	In my original post, I gave Big Buddha a low score due to a problem with an order. After posting in yelp, the owner personally reached out to me to address this issue. I was very impressed with the professionalism and his eagerness to accept feedback. I have to admit that Big Buddha is still my favorite Chinese food place in the West Vally!! That said, I have revised my rating. J
3	I'm a little conflicted about this place.  I've dined here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch.  Dinner was quite good.  We ordered three a la carte dishes...Szechwan string beans with shrimp and tofu, eggplant with sliced pork, and garlic chicken.  We also had some free egg rolls as part of a Yelp check-in offer.  All of the dishes were flavorful, well portioned, and came out piping hot.On our second visit, we came during lunch time but debated on whether we should just stick to the a la carte items or try their lunch specials.  Since the lunch prices are quite cheap, we decided to try the lunch specials.  Mistake.  I had the curry tofu with vegetables lunch special which also came with fried rice, an egg roll, a crab puff, and hot and sour soup.  The meal was very bland.  The fried rice is basically just steamed rice and soy sauce.  The food was disappointing considering how good our previous dinner had been.If I dine here again, I will stick to ordering dishes similar to what I ordered the first visit.
5	Thanks to fellow Yelpers we were able to find this true GEM to have a early dinner before a night spring training baseball game.  We had the house fried rice, orange chicken, sweet and sour shrimp and spicy thai flat noodle w/ beef and all the food was DA BOMB!!!  This place is very clean and had great service.  The decor was very nice.   if I come back for Spring Training..I know where to come when going to see either The Royals or Rangers.
4	Big Buddha is a great "go to" Chinese restaurant. I highly recommend the eggplant and tofu dish -- I could just eat that and be happy. We have both dined in and ordered take out, and we are usually pretty happy.
4	Driving back to my parents after spending the day in Sedona, we were all very hungry AND wanted to splurge for some tasty Chinese food.We tried the orange chicken (good but not at all what we're used to) the veggie chow Mein, Mongolian beef and S&S chicken; all of which were similar to what we know in Seattle and all very good.The best thing about this place was that our order was out in 5 minutes...no lie! The service was impeccable and very friendly. The bathrooms were also very clean and overall the restaurant looked to be the same.We visit my parents in Surprise a couple times a year so I'm sure we'll be back and seeing as there aren't too many decent if not good restaurants in the area...it's a must go!
5	Ate here for the first time and it was awesome!   The service was fast( we had food with in less than 10 minutes of sitting down) and super friendly.  Portions were large and all three dishes we shared( orange beef, house lo mien, and almond cashew chicken) were very tasty especially the orange beef!  We are new to the area and now have found our Chinese go to place!
4	Great Chinese Food!
2	My family and I have tried this place several times and have been disappointed each time. Sometimes the food is cooked well but other times it is been overcooked. It is also very expensive for what you get. The restaurant itself is very small so if you go on a busy night be prepared to wait a long time.  Most of their business comes from takeout but it is not very good.
2	Well have been here several times last year and a half, both dine in and take out.  The food is getting more greasy each time.  Also seems the prices have been upped slightly as well.  For dining in the options for kids are pretty rough as well.The dine in experience can be very hit or miss.  The younger girls are very pleasant and attentive, and believe me this place keeps them busy, between running their tables and the endless stream of take out.Unfortunately the older severs (owners?) are not as friendly.  Had a pretty bad experience there today.
4	This place was great! Went during lunchtime, good specials, service was on point, place was clean and welcoming. But most importantly, the food was delish!  I had the moo gai pan and my bf had the Kung pao chicken. You could tell it was all freshly cooked with fresh vegetables. Def recommend!
4	We've been coming here for awhile now and it's a very nice place. The employees and polite and helpful, the food is good and the mango tea is delicious. The only downside is that the portions can be on the small side and it can get a tad onion-y for my specific taste.
5	I loooooove this place. It's by far my favorite Chinese restaurant out here in Arizona.. Its a gem! I ordered the mongolian beef and it was ooooon point. It was like... what heaven would taste like... No, seriously, this place is the bomb dot com.
3	I have tried many different plates here and they just don't spice it up enough for me.   Every time I go in there, they serve every one else in there but me.  I don't know what it is or if I have bad kharma or what but the service hasn't been great and the food is just ok.  I do like the pot stickers though and should just order those when I go there.
4	Finally found a good Chinese restaurant in the area, yay!  It helps that they're highly affordable AND they offer their lunch specials even on the weekends.  I ordered my fave - a chicken lo mein lunch special for just over $6.  It comes (as many do) with eggroll, cup of soup, crab puffs, sweet & sour sauce and fried rice.  The noodles were perfect (hard to find the kind I like - firmer), the eggroll was really good (also hard to find, some have too much ginger, or they add cinnamon or there is too much pork flavor, blah blah blah), and they have a unique, yet yummy sweet & sour sauce.  About the Lo Mein:  flavors were bold and savory, there was plenty of chicken, the veggies were fresh.  The rice was also really good but the eggdrop soup was the best I've ever tasted.  I ordered it over the phone and ran to pick it up, it was ready in about 8 minutes and they were really professional, fast and friendly.  The food was hot and the crispies were crispy (hate soggy puffs/rolls).  I will definitely be back!
4	Lunch is such a nice experience here.  The staff is great,   Food is awesome.  Prices can't be beat!
5	Great food, super quick service with a smile. Hard to beat their prices, especially the lunch specials! We've eaten here a dozen times this year and have been impressed with the food and speed of service each visit. Highly recommend you give them a try (especially for a quick lunch)!
2	Food was ok at best. It was warm but not hot. The house fried rice was very bland and none of the meats were seasoned at all. For 8 dollars just for a plate of rice I could have done better at home. My boyfriend liked his Mongolian beef but my teriyaki chicken was very standard and nothing special. If you want better food and better prices go to golden Wei at bell and cotton
4	Big Buddha, great Chinese food! Reasonable prices and normal Americanized staples. I like how efficient they are for take out orders and the way they package their takeout items rocks (sealed almost tupperware containers!) Fast, and very reasonable prices. Mongolian Beef, Singapore style rice etc. So good. Very well done and tasty. I normally take out for dinner here, and sometimes stop by for a lunch special which is a real bargain. YUM.
4	Orange tofu was great, they should start using firm instead of medium tofu though make it a little less chewy, good either way though.
5	I love their food especially the egg plant, lo-mein, and fried rice.would eat here anytime. Service is good too. Atmosphere is nice too.
3	This is my 2nd try and probably my last. The first time I played it safe & just ordered Chicken teriyaki, it was ok. Not great, not bad, just ok. A little on the bland side, not much teriyaki flavor. Today I ordered Mongolian beef & mongolian chicken.  I redeemed my Yelp coupon for two free egg rolls. They actually gave me 4 egg rolls & 2 crab puffs. The egg rolls looked different than any egg roll I've ever had & tasted different. Don't know what to say. The crab puff was ok. The red sauce is watery. Both Mongolians were spicy hot and again lacking in flavor. Plenty of heat no flavor. The beef was a bit on the tough side. It's so disappointing!! I very much was hoping that we finally had a good Chinese food restaurant in Surprise. I'm going to San Fran in a couple of weeks. I'll have to get my fill of Chinese there!
4	Good Chinese food. All the Americanized classics. We eat here probably close to once every couple of weeks, usually take-out. My family loves the sweet and sour chicken, chicken fried rice, veggie lo mein, crab rangoons, kung pao chicken...these items we order regularly. They have good service and are always fast and friendly. They have great lunch specials.
5	The best orange chicken I've had in Az! The red chili peppers are the secret :D But not to worry, the dish itself is not spicy (in my opinion). I would like it even more if it were, lol. Everything about this place is awesome; food, service, prices, location. When I ate at the location I liked the atmosphere, but the TVs threw me off a little, lol. Still, even with them, it still manages to be intimate and not in a bar sort of way. There is seating outside that looks nice, especially during this time of year. The people who work here are always very friendly & pleasant. When I've ordered take out they answer the phone quickly and have my food ready for me normally within 15 minutes! I don't tell them, but I can't even drive there that quickly, lol. Great service all around!
2	My wife and I usually love this place but I was really disappointed today.  I got the Mongolian beef and the beef looked and tasted as though it had been reheated a few times as it was over cooked ( appeared burnt and tough.  It was also supposed to be very spicy but was quite bland.  I should have sent it back but we were in a bit of a hurry so I ate most of it anyway.  Won't be so nice if it happens again
5	Love, love this placem I used to get take out 4 times a week and eat here every time my girlfriend and I went out for lunch. Service is great also.
3	I have to admit that this is one of the better places in Surprise to get Chinese food. Everything that we have had has been tasty, fresh and delicious. The reason I am giving only 3 stars is because they don't accept American Express, which is my card of choice. Admittedly, I know something about the credit card industry and realize that Amex might me slightly higher in rate, although not as much as most merchants think. That being said, I have given The Big Buddha several chances over the last two years and expressed my dissatisfaction at them not accepting.. So now I am forced to take my business elsewhere. If you are truly focused on customer service then you wouldn't make me pull out my back up card, which I get no points on, and end my dining experience on a bad note... Too bad cause the food is pretty good.
5	Family decided we wanted some Chinese for lunch.  So what do I do, jump on Yelp of course!  This place exceeded all of our expectations!  Great service and delicious food.  As said by others, I'll agree this was some of the best orange chicken I've ever had!!
2	Coming from NYC where greasy Chinese food is on every block and at your door within minutes, Big Buddha lies pretty low on my fast food scale.I've only tried a handful of Chinese restaurants in Surprise and Big Buddha is by far my least favorite. I ordered the beef chow fun and garlic chicken on Saturday night and both were sub-par. The beef chow fun was not good. The noodles stuck together and the veggies didn't seem fresh. It also tasted like someone just dunk a ton of soy sauce over the flat noodles. It was not appetizing at all.My beau ordered the garlic chicken and it was not spicy whatsoever even though I asked them to make it spicy. If you're looking for good Chinese food, I suggest Chen Wok. They're delicious and deliver!
5	The best Chinese food in Phoenix.  I want down to the Chinese cultural center and found the food bland and almost processed.  This food is fresh and homemade - simply great!
1	Okay - I have been going here for years now. Three years ago, I went vegetarian and they still had "spring rolls" on their menu. So, whenever I go in and order menu-less, I usually get veggie lo mein and order some "spring rolls."(I have not been corrected by terminology in the last couple years) I have no idea when they changed their menu because their "spring rolls" are NOT, NOT, NOT VEGETARIAN!! They now put chicken in their rolls, it is just ground up so incredibly fine and overloaded with rice noodles and carrots. I now finally found out the reason why I always feel ill after eating at this place. Sorry Big Buddha, it's time to cut ties.
4	First time we have eaten there. Everyone was very friendly. Orange chicken was the best. Sweet and sour chicken not as good, not crispy and sauce was not thick, kinda watery.
5	Love this place. Been cing for years and it is always good.
1	Big Buddha has always been a favorite lunch spot for me, good size portions and a lot of variety for their lunch special at a good price but this hair was free! It's unfortunate because the orange chicken has always been my favorite even though they have downsized their portions, my chicken was smaller than I ever remember. Big Buddha has officially topped my "do not eat at list"
5	I love the family ambiance and good service . Also they have tofu lettuce wraps which is hard to find  in a typical Chinese restaurant
5	Enjoy stopping by at lunch, friendly staff, good eats.   I love the mango tea they make!
4	Best Orange Chicken I've ever had! We've only eaten takeout from this restaurant so I can't comment on the service. I can say that they are quick with takeout orders and the place appears clean. Did I mention that they have the best Orange Chicken!?!!
2	Food was just ok....I would rather have had Panda Express.  We ordered Kung Pao Chicken, Buddha's Delight and lemon chicken....nothing like California Chinese food
5	We just moved here from San Antonio, not exactly the Chinese food mecca, but we were looking for our fix out here in the desert.  Not only did we enjoy the food, we were very pleased with the service.  The family that runs the restaurant went above and beyond to make my large family feel at home.  The food came in large portions and was better than we expected.  We have stopped looking for another Chinese food restaurant.
2	Food was good but I was surprised we were charged extra for a second bowl of rice. Most Chinese restaurants give you all the rice you want at no extra charge.
2	Mediocre as far as Chinese restaurants go. They seemed to be having serving issues when we went. Our food (for 5 people) came out in 3 waves that spanned 15 minutes. I did enjoy the crispy honey chicken, which is an appetizer. But other than that nothing was worth noting. I would order to go when I craves some Chinese food but I won't be going back to the restaurant.
5	Best restaurant !!!! Lunch specials are great big portions for a great price.... You must try it out
4	So hard finding yummy Chinese food in the valley.This is our new go-to place for pick up. Convenient location in Surprise and QUALITY food. Our food isn't saturated in sauce, it is crispy but not overcooked.It just tastes fresh! Friendly people on the phone and clean location. We get 2 orders and pork fried rice and 2 people can have 2 1/2 meals each with their servings.Definitely recommend.
5	Wow! This is all I can say about Big Buddha. Yum yum yum yum yum. Tiny lil chinesw place w a cute patio and superb decorating skills. Modern and pleasing to the eye. The food is outstanding. Def try the twice cooked pork. I dont typically care for any bbq pork...until now. Its bomb n I crave it. Sake and beer for 5 bucks...score. The happy buddha beer is great. The service was outstanding. Everyone was so nice n friendly and on top of it for sure! I will definetly be back every time we visit arizona.
2	We have eaten lunch here several times and the foods was decent.  We tried ordering out for dinner and I would have given it one star if we hadn't had some lunches here.The Sweet and sour chicken was horrible.  I never usually order it but my husband wanted it.  YUK  chicken with red sugar sauce.  The snow peas and mushrooms were better but wouldn't order it again.  Bummer I thought they would do better. maybe eating in is the way to go.
4	Went here for lunch at the reccomendation of co-workers, and it was a very pleasant experience.Ordered the lunch special Orange peel chicken, and asked for no crab puff (I am allergic to shellfish) and the waitress immediately asked if I wanted extra rice or an extra egg roll to make up for it......how many places will do that?The Orange peel chicken and the rice were delicious.My only complaint is that the eggroll tasted very generic....other that that, great food, great service, fair prices.I will visit more to try their other dishes.
2	The food was good but the service was less than great
4	We found this place and month ago and have been back four times! The orange chicken is delicious and made in-house nothing deep-fried out of a bag.   The chicken egg foo yong is my favorite and has a garlicky brown gravy that's super flavorful! The staff is very friendly and I think the lunch prices are great. Crab puffs, fried rice and eggroll are included with the lunch special!  My new favorite spot!
3	I really wanted this place to be amazing, especially after reading the other reviews. It was just "ok". Some things were slightly better than average, some things were slightly below average. I'll try it again and see if something 'wow's me, but if not, moving on.
5	I am here with my partner all the time. We absolutely love the food and the people. We have never had a bad meal here.
5	We've had the orange chicken, shrimp fried rice, sesame chicken, crab puffs, & teriyaki chicken. All of it has been consistently fantastic. Staff is super friendly & the mango tea rocks too. My favorite is definitley the orange chicken. The breading kind of reminds me of the mochiko chicken I had in Hawaii. So far we've had excellent experiences every visit! :)
3	Great reviews thank you everyone or recommending this place, was looking for a good eat. This hit the spot.
5	We were looking for a sit down chinese restaurant with Hot tea, good crab puffs and egg rolls, what we found was their Food was excellent! Prices were a pleasant surprise too.We are new to the area and  we wouldn't have found or tried this restaurant if it weren't for Yelp.
5	All the reviews are spot on.. awesome food.. general tso's was excellent!! Service was spot on.  Will be back!
5	This is one of the best by far. Great menu. Fresh ingredients and everything flavorful and delicious tasting. The service was 1st class and owner or manager was very courteous,  friendly and you could sense the pride and passion in his demeanor.  My wife and I had two lunch menu items with beverages and the bill was less than twenty bucks. Excellent!We're planning to go again with friends before returning home after this holiday weekend.
4	Great, authentic Chinese food when you're tired of that fried, Panda Express bullshit. They keep your water cup full & are super attentive. No complaints. Check in for free egg rolls ;)
3	We love this place, have gone a few times but unfortunately our last experience was not pleasant. We didn't get the right beef dish we ordered but our server never came by to see how we were doing so we couldn't send it back. We ended up eating it. Also, the fried rice tasted different than usual and didn't look the same. Finally they didn't bring us any white rice, and again our server never came over so we couldn't tell him about it. Unfortunately I'm not sure if we will be going back in the future.
5	Everytime I get their food I am completely satisfied. Typically we get carry out but the last time we went we dined in. My 2 year old daughter was acting a fool! She was the definition of insanity. One of the workers, possibly a manager, came up and started talking to her and joking around. She started behaving. He then rewarded her with a fortune cookie. Made her night. Everytime he came near the table she smiled and he would talk to her and joke around with her and us. It was a great experience.  Never had a bad experience with them whether it was delivery, take out, or dining. Big Buddha is the only Chinese food I eat in the west valley!!!!!!
5	Been here many times. And I do enjoy their authentic Chinese dishes. I am not a fan of their Americanized Chinese dishes. Not bad but just not a fan. I'm also a little biased because my family owned 2 Chinese restaurants. But the place is very nice and super friendly.
3	Delicious orange chicken! The crab rangoons were a bit disappointing but the chicken made up for it.
5	Loved the food! Everything was really good, maybe some of the best Chinese food I've had in a really long time. Coming from California everything out there is thai food. That's great but when you want really yummy chinese food it's just not the same. This place is my new favorite. You can tell they really care about putting out good food. Even the egg rolls are delicious. I say "even the egg roll" but so many restaurants just buy the cheapest frozen egg rolls and don't care. These are really good and shows making their customers happy means something to them. I love that and will be back to try everything on the menu.  Orange Peel chicken was awesome but I could not stop eating it until I hurt myself. So worth it!
5	We loved this place. Our kids are picky eaters and they devoured their food. We tried the chicken lo mein, orange chicken, and Mongolian beef. This is definitely our go to Chinese restaurant!
4	Loved it!Very nice place for a Sunday afternoon lunch.Sweet and sour chicken was very tasty.Everything was fresh and HOT!Great value,lots of food for the money. Has lunch menu every day.Will return for sure.
5	Always my fav Chinese restaurant to eat at! Healthy options are always available and service is great. Restaurant is always clean.
4	Being born and raised in Los Angeles CA I am certainly used to exquisite take out spots. Having spent the past 14 months living in Surprise I have yet to find a place I would return to, regarding any type of cuisine. I was certainly happily surprised when I ordered from Big Buddha and enjoyed the best take out I've had since moving to Surprise!I ordered to pick up and when I went in to get my food the place was packed from wall to wall. I saw at least 3 party's be told that they are full and I sure was glad I ordered take out!! Food was extremely full of flavor, everything was cooked perfectly, the sweet and sour pork was extremely crispy with the sauce on the side so it didn't get soggy. Genius! Poo poo platter was alright but appetizers were kinda lacking, not bad but I wouldn't get them again. Overall prices are excellent and quality is definitely above average.
5	Big Buddha is probably one of the best places in the northwest valley. The food is consistently good and the service has always been great. The Hot & Sour soup is absolutely delicious. I haven't had anything on the menu that I did not like.
4	Really good food, nice little restaurant with a comfortable atmosphere and extremely friendly workers. I must admit I was a little disappointed with the shrimp in lobster sauce I had. I had to ask if it was white sauce as it should be or a weird brown sauce like some regions of China use. Unfortunately it WAS the brown sauce. I was told they could do the white sauce so I was happy about that, that is until I dug in and found a watery bland "juice" where my thick viscous lobster sauce should have been. Everything about my dish was delicious except the sauce, I was torn, the sauce is the key to the entire dish. Unfortunately I will not be able to order that dish again, my FAVORITE dish, sigh. Today I try the Kung pow shrimp, hope I am not disappointed again...
3	Restaurant week with my mom continued tonight.  She likes Chinese food and this place is only about 5 minutes away from our house.  Seemed like a good time to head on over.  We went inside and were seated immediately.  As soon as I sat down, I felt a little anxiety.  They do a bustling take out business but their waiting area is very tiny and it was right next to our table.  It felt like people were on top of us the whole time.  Every time you would lift your head, someone was there or looking your way.  A little bit uncomfortable.  If there is a next time, hopefully we will sit someone against the wall or something.  Anyways..........placed our order for Diet Cokes and actually used the Yelp check-in app in order to score us 2 free egg rolls!  We decided to go with Mongolian Beef and Orange Peel Chicken.  Here is how everything tasted...............Egg Rolls-  Best part of the meal, by far!  There were 2 of them and you could tell they were homemade and they tasted great.  They are served with a little sweet and sour sauce with a pinch of hot mustard.  The egg rolls and sauce were delicious.  They were hot, fresh, crispy and hearty for being such small things.  I would definitely get them again and maybe even a few orders of them  in addition to the free one you get from the Yelp app. Mongolian Beef-  This was presented nicely with a ton of onions and beef.  I am spoiled though and am used to certain kinds of Chinese food (Golden Chopsticks in National City rings a bell).  I dug in to this and it tasted ok.  The meat was a little tough though and could have been seasoned just a bit more.  Not bad in any way, just nothing compared to other places that I have had Mongolian Beef before.  Portion size seemed just a bit skimp too.  Overall, it was just ok.Orange Peel Chicken-  Once again, I am used to certain things when it comes to Chinese food and this was totally different.  Their Orange Chicken is basically a breaded chicken breast cut up into strips a la chicken katsu.  It was covered in a sweet tasting sauce that was just ok.  The breading on the chicken fell off pretty easily which was kind of annoying.  Once again, the portion was a tad skimp.White Rice-  Rice was ok.  They give you a huge container of it at least.Overall, everything was just alright.  We ate all the food presented to us and didn't have any leftovers (rare with Chinese food...it boils down to the kind of skimp portions though) and were not totally stuffed to the brim.  Service, while friendly, was a tad slow.  Will I come back?  Eh...possibly.  My wife doesn't eat Chinese food other than Pick Up Stix and PF Changs, so I will probably be rolling solo if I do come back.  Nothing was really bad, but nothing stood out as super delicious either.  A-OK about sums it up....maybe even on the low end of A-OK.  Total bill for everything including tip was around $30.00.  Fair enough I guess.
4	Po Po Platter to start...cannot go wrong.  The service is fast and they were always checking up on us.  Main dish was perfect, Chicken special and Mongolian beef.  Both were perfect.  Great local spot and I will most definitely eat here again.
5	This place is legit.  Orange chicken and orange beef are my favorite and it tastes much better then panda.  Always busy which speaks for itself.   I'm a new regular!!
1	Aw Cmon! The reviews that are impressed must be just off the boat!  Watery Curry.  Really watery...when I returned it, and i mentioned that curry should be creamy, the front guy said ...are ya ready?..."maybe needs more corn starch"...!!!  L.A. quality?  NOT! I lived in Santa Monica for 12 years and every time, as a local Surprise resident, I am 'forced' to take a(nother) shot and try the take-out from Buuddah, it is a major disappointment.  I have had two or three decent meals out of approx 12 over the past 3 years from them.. They are SO SPOILED to have the monopoly on Asian locations out here. Their egg roll is a spring roll! nothing to it at all.If you do get fresh food it is because you got lucky...AND got there early. I love pork fried rice...and two years ago they had a pretty darn good one...BUT no mas! Soy sauce heavy, no scallion bump, soggy bean sprouts...just no 'pop' or enticing flavor. This is season out here! But they are serving their summer slop nonetheless.  And their bland bland, INSTITUTIONALLY bland House Special Chicken.  Man, they make me miss Cali.  Maybe it's because we (wife & I) always order take-out from them? (maybe it's...personal? I did complain about a dish two years ago...but not nearly as loudly as now)I give up. They suck.And don't even think of trying them out of season.
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant. The food is always good and we're always greeted with a smile. I always order Sesame Chicken, my husband gets the Beef with Broccoli and my daughter gets the kids Sweet in Sour Chicken. Their lettuce wraps and egg rolls are always good too!
5	Amazing. We loved it!!! Have been there three times now and could not enjoyed our selfies more. My whole family was happy. The sauces for the dishes are beyond words.
2	After reading the reviews we decided to try this place on our way home.  It was disappointing.  Won't go back again.
