4	Here's how a recent lunch date went down*Hungry Friend: OMG Hay let's have lunch!Me: Ok! Where? HF: Oregano's!!1! Me: Ok! **drives to Oregano's lawl.**Me on Phone to HF: Hi, I'll be there shortly. I had to park 53 blocks away.HF: Pwned! Oregano's is awesome. Try the Boom Dip (Spinach Artichoke Cheese Dip) and tell me otherwise. The Meatball Sandwich? Takes a couple of days to eat it all. Delicious pizzas, salads bigger than your freakin' HEAD. You can't really go wrong. If you order one of their Cosmopolitans, bear in mind that they will only serve you 2 due to their potent nature. (I'm not sure if this is some sort of Urban Myth, but I heard it from this guy that my friend knows)As illustrated in my little playlet above, the only bad thing I can say about Oregano's is that the parking situation... how to put this kindly... sucks. Tow away signs from neighboring businesses abound. The last time I went, I literally had to park 2 blocks north of the restaurant and hoof it for a while. At least I had some sort of activity to work up my appetite.If you go on the weekends, prepare for about an hour wait during dinner hours. You may also want to arrange for a shuttle to and from your vehicle, wherever you may wind up parking.*This may or may not have actually happened.
3	I can't believe it's taken me 4,762 visits to this Oregano's to finally get my lazy ass to type out a review of this place.  Perhaps it's the overall indifference, and everyday-ness quality to this place that explains.   FOOD --- 3 starsSERVICE --- 3.5 starsATMOSPHERE --- 4 starsPARKING --- 1 starOregano's isn't bad nor terribly good --- but it falls in the middle as an average lunch or dinner option.  Portions here are big, but quanity does not equal quality.  I find it to be infinitely better than most other Italian chains (the BARFY Olive Garden, Macaroni Grill and Carrabba's), but not quite at the level of Maggiano's or Il Fornaio.  The food here is OK, although there are a few standouts. * Alfredo the Dark pasta with the poblano peppers.  * Lady is a Scampi pasta* Pizza Cookie (or whatever it's called)* Italian Fried PotatoesBtw, that last item is their cutesy name for waffle fries.  Being the waffle fry whore that I am, I have to say these are quite good. The baked sandwiches are OK --- the beefstro and stuffed turkey being one of my usual orders.  The pizza is OK as well.  Being a thin crust lover, I find the crust at Pizza Heaven and Pizzeria Bianco to have a better-tasting texture.  It's almost a little too thin (read: cheap) here.  Kind of like notebook paper.  How do I know?  Because I've tried it.  The salads here are big, so be warned.  Can't comment on the taste though because I haven't had them.The 1950s swing/jazz motif, tomato sauce cans, and loud t-shirts can be charming in a campy kind of way. But what I like most about this location is how they preserved the "Damen/Herren" bathroom signs from when it used to be some kind of Bavarian wonderland.  Among the cons here are the parking NIGHTMARE and sometimes hellish 1 hour-plus waits (on Mondays even!).  This place is ALWAYS packed.  I do not understand why there are only 15 parking spots here for a restaurant that easily seats over 100.  They must expect all their customers to carpool together in mini-vans.  But even so, they should know that NO ONE in Central Phoenix would be caught dead in a mini-van.The parking shortage has caused nearby businesses to post bitchy signage warning Oregano's patrons not to park there - resulting in the traffic BOOBYTRAP that is 10th St.  Drivers must dodge slowly moving cars and waddling Oregano's customers weave in and out as the tiny parking lot leaks out onto 10th.  Staff here is always quick and freakishly friendly and cheery -- kind of like the drones at Jamba Juice and Cold Stone Creamery.  It's kind of cute, but borderline annoying that it seems trite.  But there are plenty of a-holes at other restaurants so I'm not complaining.So there you have it.  Not exactly great, but I will be back soon.  Visit 4,763 is coming up next week.P.S.  For stalkers who care, Phoenix Fire Department DOES eat here often.  In fact when Melinda sees a fire engine parked outside she always requests a table close to the firefighters.  She thinks those guys are "en fuego."
1	This is a tough one. This restaurant is a lot of fun, has reasonable prices and very good food. Unfortunatley you can expect a wait of 1-2 hours seemingly anytime during the week, night or day. Even take-out usually takes over an hour!I suppose that's evidence of the restaurant's overall quality, but their general nonchalant attitude about the situation has frustrated me to the point that I rarely even bother with the place anymore - which is too bad, because they probably have the best wings I've ever tasted.
3	Oregano's Shmeragono's... the juggernaut Italian restaurant chain in Phoenix has people waiting in line seven days a week. Must be amazing?! Must be soooo tastey?! Must have fantastic service and ambience?! No. No. And no. Most of the staff is definitely professional, speedy and fun. My take out gal the other day "scolded" me for arriving too early. "I said 25 minutes...whyd you get here too early?""To spend time with you, you prickly ass pear"Anyway I hung out and waited my full alloted time. No biggie. I ordered 3 apps and 1 medium pizza. "That'll be $47 dollars please." says miss prickly ass pear.I  arrive home to my $22 medium BBQ pizza. Thin crust. Nice sauce. Tastey all around. The stuffed mushrooms. Not so great. More salt then Salt Lake City. And at least a pound of crumbled Italian sausage. Portabellos were too slimy. Like bad canned fruit. Garlic cheese bread...well, come on how can you screw that up. My dog can make garlice bread (and it's not bad by the way). All in all. I'd rather get take out than sit inside at this location. Not a big fan of the cluttered look. There are pictures and knick knack crap everywhere. It looks like an Italian flea market threw up everywhere!
4	Oregano's is home to the Great Dessert War of '02. The skirmish began when the then named Bazookie was placed on the dinner table. The Bazookie as describe by the menu is "a 1/2 pound of Chocolate Chip dough, slightly baked in a 6-inch pizza pan then topped with 3 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream." Things started out with the appropriate amount of consideration for the other diner til the first bite was consumed. A fire was noticed in each others eye. Utensils soon became weapons. Ground was won and lost. The battleground was a deep dish pizza pie pan that was spun numerous times in order to gain advantage for the best and perfect bite. Spoon fulls of warm cookie dough were knocked down back onto the table to be taken away... It turned ugly quick. No offers of sharing or giving the last bite. It was fought for tooth and nail. The dessert was THAT GOOD. I would go back to Phoenix for this dish alone. And the pizza? It is a pizza joint, but that's not what we talk about or remember. The pizza was good, but not on the level of the dessert. Freshly baked chocolate chip cookie dough and vanilla ice cream!!!! What more do you people need???
5	This is just about my favorite restaurant in Phoenix for casual dining. The salads are large and the best I've had anywhere. The Southwest Caesar Shrimp Salad is nearly orgasmic. The meatball sub and sausage sub are huge and delicious. The pazookie desert is just about the best thing I've ever had, and might be my last meal request on death row. The only downside is the wait, it gets REALLY busy every lunch hour and evening. No call-ahead seating either, so I tend to drive up, put my name on the list, then go shopping nearby for an hour before returning for the final ten minute wait. But yeah, it's just hard to go wrong here, everything I've had ranges from good to wow...
4	I've been in search of the best Chicago deep dish pizza pretty much since I was born.I have made stops at such places as Old Chicago, Pizzeria Uno and various other pizza joints claiming to have Chicago style deep dish pizza. And I have of course discovered Zachary's Pizza in downtown Berkeley, CA, which I consider to be the best.I have now discovered second best.Oregano's Pizza was FANTASTIC the other night, with an outstanding spinach, mushroom and sausage deep dish pizza topped with unbelievable service. We also tried a stuffed portobello mushroom dish which was just wonderful.There are still a couple slices in my fridge that I continue to find myself staring at, seeking the right moment to have a secondary experience with this delicious food.Lastly, they have a "pizza cookie" that I'm pretty sure I can't live without. I've made it this far, but I'm not exactly sure how. I am NOT a dessert person AT ALL... this was possibly the best dessert I have EVER had. You cannot leave this restaurant without ordering one of these!I highly recommend this great restaurant, however I must say that I was not impressed with the wait. We were on a waiting list for over an hour LATE on a Saturday night... guess you pay for popularity.
4	I have attempted to go to Oregano's 5 times.  I have actually eaten here 3 times.  The food was good, the parking is terrible.  I would be able to give this place 5 stars if I didnt have to fight for parking and a table.I just can't see people waiting so long to eat here.  What is it that lures everyone in?Someone message me and suggest a must try dish.  I have tried the wings, which were delicious, and a couple of the sandwiches.The wait kills me every time.  For the parking section of the review I really wanted to check the "Yeah Right" box.  haha.
4	Alright, I'm not gonna lie. I like Oregano's. I've only dined here a couple of times over the last couple of years. That is, after trying to eat here on more than several occasions and leaving annoyed with the parking or the hour wait on a Friday night (seriously, whyyy??). I thought for sure I was over the whole Oregano's bit until Friday night, when the boy suggested we bring my visiting mother there for dinner. I agreed, we went, we parked (good parking, too), we waited the 45 minutes, and we ate. Let me say this again, we ATE. Ate and ate and ate and ate. Two appetizers, three entrees, three cocktails, and a pizzookie later, we were completely beat. And we left with four to-go boxes...The food was all delicious. Yes, it was commercial and not spectacular, but it was good. I recommend the Boom Dip, Meatball Sub, Bollo Pasta, and the glorious half-baked, warm, gooey cookie with ice cream on top (I don't think they can call it a "pizzookie" anymore, law suit or something). Mmmm. The drinks are all great, too, but I must warn you, they have a two drink MAXimum, so I wouldn't plan on drinking too much while you're there. Over all, it was a fun experience. The atmosphere is great (it's loud), the servers are friendly, and if you have the right friends with you, you're guaranteed to have a good time.
4	I have been taking out of town guests/business associates here for their thin crust pizza and great salads! It is always a big hit and very reasonable. The biggest downside to this place is the wait but if you are in the mood to hang out at the bar and drink some chianti or a nice draft beer, the wait is not that long!Favorite dishes: Bistro Classic pizza! This is a delicious White pizza, brushed with garlic butter, topped with roma tomatoes, diced red onion, thinly sliced basil, and four Italian cheeses. Yummy! It reminds me more of a margherita pizza and it is delicious!Oregano's Favorite Salad: Romaine lettuce, sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives,  spiced feta cheese, roasted red peppers, (hold the) red onions, pine nuts and raisins tossed with our tasty honey vinaigrette dressing.For Dessert! HAve the pizza-cookie (used to be called a pazookie)! Delicious!
4	I know, it's a chain. But damnit sometimes you just like the food/drink at a chain restaurant. And ya know what, honesty is just more important sometimes than the pretentious -- i would NEVER even glance at a chain restaurant -- crap that I hear a lot of people spout. Don't get me wrong I'm a Local First girl. If given a choice I'll always go local...but every now and then you see something you like it and you give it a nod from time to time...so anyways...guilt complex aside...this was one of the first restaurants i ate at when i arrived to phoenix. some co-workers were grabbing dinner there one weeknight after work and invited me to come. So I did. And I've been back once (fairly recently and for lunch) since.Both times, I did the typical chain thing and ordered the same thing. The Pablo Picasso Salad. It's large. I mean huge doesn't even begin to describe it. But it's good. I order it with light cheese and dressing on the side. I also had a pizzookie here the first time I went...delish. I mean it's essentially partial-raw cookie dough...lightly baked in the oven (so it still retains the rawness to an extent) and ice cream on top. What is not to like!?But in the name of full/shameful-disclosure...I will say my favorite thing about Oreganos are that they bring me a HUGE (again not suffice) glass of water and a HUGE glass of iced tea. Oreganos = chain, but good, large portions, big drinks...what else could any shameful-sporadically-consumerist-americana ask for?
5	Order the huge cookie thing that has melted chocolate and ice cream in it. AMAZING! I think it used to be called Pazookie but they don't advertise it now apparently.
4	Great example of a four star restaurant,  Oregano's is feautred in so many credible publications.  I come from Northern IL and love the authentic Chicago feel.  The website is worth seeing.  Best Place for a first date, voted Rep and New Times,One of the most amazing desserts The Original Pizza Cookie.  I was in a class at ASU with 29 ladies and they all voted Oregano's the best dessert.
5	This review is based soley on the hot chocolate cookie pie with ice cream and the Belini drink... well, and my bartender who was amazing.My friend who is a Phoenix local took me here to show off one of her favorite spots.These two things would have me back over and over again.  We sat outside in the patio bar, chatted with our bartender, and sipped on belini's (a drink so strong that they are only allowed to sell 2 of them per drinker).  WOW!  It is a blend of several alcohols that hit the sweet tooth and the sweet spot!  Thank god I was NOT driving!We had a blast here.
4	super busy during lunch. would recommend only going with one other person so you can sit at the bar. their portions are huge and their prices are lower than you would expect. i had a veggie sandwhich thing. it was really good. and i saved half for another meal. one of the better places ive eaten since moving out here.
5	This is one of the true Arizona restaurants, and I recommend this place to anyone from out of town. Well, anyone in town too. The staff is extremely fun and nice, which is hard to come by these days.  The food is awesome. gigantic portions, but all the better to take home and enjoy the next day (or two...). The pizza and salads are my favorite, and of course one cannot forget the glutenous wonder of the pizza cookie (formerly the pzookie). This brings ooey gooey goodness to a whole new level. The only downside... Its size, but that is part of their schtick. Get there early, whether it is lunch or dinner or expect to wait a long time. Trust me though, it is well worth it. Oh and parking sucks too. Again the food and service are worth it the inconvenience.**All the locations are great, the mesa one (one of the newest locations) is probably the worst, but I say that with a grain of salt. It is still better than most of the restaurants out there.
4	I went to Oregano's when I was visiting a friend in Phoenix. I had looked online to find what was considered one of the best pizza joints in Phoenix and kept seeing Oregano's pop up on lists. So we went. I remember we had a pizza and a pizzookie. Both were good. The pizza was tasty but the pizzookie was spectacular! I only recently discovered that Pizzeria Uno in St Louis has a similar dessert on their menu- thank god!Btw, Phoenix was lovely in general!
4	Yeah , a  perk for driving Mom to the airport  to pick up company !  Today's lunch on the way home was a.  tasty buffalo chicken  pizza with whole wheat thin crustb.  free  meal thanks to mom c. fast/ easy to order / take home leftoversd. provided by   waiter Justin ,a helpful waiter without being smarmy e. refreshing with  " to go" cups of cold beverages to take on the way outf.  no headache for mini me  daughter , she had her own super huge piece of cheese pizza for 2.99 AAAAhh !
4	My neighbor took me here for my bday the other day...it was Tuesday evening and we had to wait 20-25 minutes - I don't know the last time I've been to a restaurant and waited since I tried to avoid that, HOWEVER it was worth the wait.  Because i loved the dessert so much, let's start with that!Of course, as it's been mentioned before, dessert is the cookie - ooey gooey half baked cookie dough (we chose the classic chocolate chip) with 2 scoops of ice cream. Yummy yummy heavenly orgasm!  I like dessert and i like cookies and this was just delicious. I wish there was a way to get this to go so I could eat it in the privacy of my own home - the things I would do to that cookie pizza :) ok, really I'd probably eat the whole thing in 2 minutes and let my stomach bloat like it never has before. not so sexy, huh?the CUSTOMER SERVICE was AWESOME. From the list person to the drink people to the waitress and every other employee we encountered (there are SEVERAL or all the cute boys looked the same, don't know which one) all were pleasant, nice, helpful. I really don't know that I've ever gotten better service.On to the main attraction....we got the O'Riva Pizza - large to take home leftovers and it was good - not a traditional pizza at all and probably not the best pizza i've ever had, but would i go back, definitley, would i order the same pizza, you bet. Would i try something else though, yep. Great atmosphere, great employees, great food.Oh, can't believe i almost forgot...the alcohol! My friend got the bellini - VERY tasty and i got the Dirty Monkey - not quite as tasty but still good and one definitely got me buzzin (not the intent of the drink, just the effect). Would probably try a different drink - the inital taste of the DM was good but left a funny after taste.
4	Yum!! YES PLEASE!!!Love the thin crust, and that COOKIE!!  :)When summer is over, it's is so much fun to sit outside and enjoy at any of their locations.!!
2	I am so sad to say that my last dining experience at Oregano's was TERRIBLE. The service was 100 percent completely horrendous. I will break it down nice and easy for ya:The boy and I took our friend Brittany S. for a birthday lunch.Brittany and I were seated, while the boy finished a phone call outside.Brittany and I placed our orders. I, a slice of pizza from their lunch menu, and she a house salad with chicken. We informed the server the boy would be in and would also be ordering something.The boy finally arrived and we placed his order - a Bollo Pasta from the lunch menu, and a toasted ravioli appetizer. Brittany and I's food arrived first. Mine was fine, or rather, correct (the pizza tasted horrible), while hers was missing the chicken. She called the server over and asked if she could have a side of chicken and he looked at her like it was the most ridiculous request he's ever had. He looked at her strangely for a minute or so, until finally he said "oh, did you want chicken on that?". DUH. At this point, Brittany had gotten up to make a phone call, so Mike and I requested a birthday pizzookie for her. You know, they would embarrass her with the whole singing cheesiness bit. We specifically explain this to the server and he nods his head and asks what kind of pizzookie we want. Great! Or so we thought.So after that Brittany and I slowly eat our food, thinking the boy's would be out at any moment. 10 minutes.. 15 minutes... 20 minutes... 25 minutes passed by and still no food. The joint wasn't busy so we were a little confused. Our server must have noticed our confusion because he came over and asked us if we wanted to order some more food. REALLY?! "We already ordered his food - 25 minutes ago". "OOOOH, ok, I'll put that in for you" was his dumb-ass remark. OK, thanks, bud! 15 minutes later the rest of the food arrives, and our server says "oh, now that wasn't too bad!" - yeah, except we waited a total of 40 minutes for a goddamned bowl of angel hair with marinara. So Mike ate his food and we chatted, when the server came over, gave me a look, and pointed his fingers at me, and said "oooh, gotcha". I'm assuming he forgot about our pizzookie as well, and quickly remembered upon the "I'm going to kill you" look I gave him. 10 minutes later we see him coming with the pizzookie. Here we are, expecting some big embarrassing birthday song (because they DO do birthdays at Oregano's), and all he does is set the cookie down on the table, looks at Brittany, and says "so, it's your birthday?", then awkwardly looks at Mike and I like we are supposed to know what to do. WHAT?! NO BIRTHDAY SONG?! He smiles awkwardly and walks away. By this point Mike and I are so furious that we are ready to stand up and scream in this guys face. We eat the cookie and he brings us our bill. Hell no did he charge us for EVERY single little thing he forgot. He also didn't give us the lunch special prices (we ordered before the cut off) Come on, we weren't expecting you to comp our entire bill, but seriously. Don't charge us the $2.50 for the chicken you forgot, or the two dishes you forgot, or the birthday cookie that you totally screwed up and still had the nerve to ring in as "birthday" and charge us for it, or overcharge us for the lunch plates. SERIOUSLY?! We threw down and left. Pissed. Pissed that our server forgot every single thing we ordered. Pissed that we spent almost two hours on lunch because of it. And pissed that he didn't even once acknowledge our frustrations. I won't be coming back here again. At least not during lunch when this idiot's around.
5	One of my favorite treats in the Valley! I have always received great service and AMAZING FOOD! Sure there's a wait, but its only because everyone loves this place. Highly recommend the Pizookie! Large servings, I cant say enough good things about this place.
5	1st stop in Arizona. Oregano's was so delicious. The pizza, the wings, the bread. All I know is that me and my gal ate way too much..and took some to go. I was very happy I will go back one day =)
2	Oregano's is OK. The pizza is passable but not a million miles from a toasted lavash cracker, the beer is all right, and the pizza cookie is pretty good (it's basically a cookie half-baked in a deep-dish pizza pan). The problem with Oregano's is that it's something of a victim of its own success. They don't accept reservations no matter what the occasion, and there's almost always a wait. I've yet to figure out why, because it's really not all that. Unfortunately, I have friends who like it, and my polite requests to go elsewhere aren't always properly considered.Oregano's relies on gimmicks--swing music, gigantic menus that are awkward to hold, and cutesy names for the pizzas. Sports fans take note: There is no cable TV.  When I  politely asked if they could turn on the Suns game (this was playoffs time, mind you), I was sternly told that Oregano's is not a sports bar. God forbid anything should distract customers from the frighteningly chirpy wait staff. So after waiting a good long while to be seated, expect to be led through a gauntlet of manufactured greetings and well-wishing on the way to your table. If you're particularly unlucky, you may be served by the effeminate robotic waiter who avoids eye contact--he manages to be chirpy and rude at the same time, the worst of both worlds. I think he's worked there for a long time. If you veer off script, his head just might explode.I'm just too damn cranky for this overrated pizza joint, I'm afraid.
5	This review is based entirely on a stuffed Chicago-style pizza that we got to go.  It was DELICIOUS.  I can honestly say I can't wait to order it again.When we called, we were given a time an hour and a half later to come pick it up.  This is not the place to go if you are in a hurry.  I'm pretty into the whole Slow Food thing, so I don't mind waiting.  I know that good food takes time.  Hell, Chicago-style pizza should take at least 45 minutes, if it's done right.  If you know it's going to take awhile, it's easy to mentally prepare for it.  Now, if I was absolutely starving and went to this place not knowing about the notorious wait...then I might have a problem.I liked what I saw when we went to pick it up.. the interior is cozy and fun.  The patio was hoppin', and they have an outdoor bar.  Some guy was going around with little pieces of fresh, hot pizza to tide everyone over.  WARNING:  It may look like cheese but it's not...at least not when we were there.  I am a pretty strict vegetarian but had to laugh when I ate it and discovered there was pepperoni underneath the cheese.  Next time, I'll be sure to ask.  :)
3	This place is OK. Pizza is decent. Usually takes a bit longer to get then I expect. Service is usually pretty good. Nothing special about this place. It does have a loyal following though. I don't know why. Is it the grossly over sized menus? The old swing/big band era music playing in the background? The pizzookie? I dunno. I'd be more tempting in returning here during non-peak hours, because when this place is slamming, there is a long wait at door to sit and a longer wait to get the food.
3	3.5 starsI am afraid my review is going to sound a bit repetitious of previous yelps, but I figured I should add my two cents. I love Oreganos. When I was attending college in Tucson, Oreganos was just opening up. In fact my roommate and I attended a group interview in an attempt to snag a job, but unfortunately they did not find our request to wear diner outfits and call ourselves Dot and Myrtle amusing. Perhaps we were just too excited to serve pizza. I enjoy the pizza (I am not above thin crust), pasta, and atmosphere- in fact it is my in laws favorite place to go when they are in town. The pesto pasta with chicken added is my go to on the menu. The chicken is thin, almost shaved, strips and they absorb all the yummy pesto goodness. The one thing that keeps me from making the drive to Oreganos more often is the wait. No reservations, first come first served type of place and despite them having plenty of seating options, and on occasions open tables, I never seem to get out of there with less than a 30-45 minute wait. Regardless of the time of day, day of week, season, etc. there is always a wait. Once you get past the wait for the table, then you wait a little more for your server, then your food and when it is all said and done my dinner has stretched out to 1 1/2 -3 hours (depending on how many of us) and sometimes there is not enough goodness on a plate that can make up for that amount of time for pizza. While some people complain that it is a chain, it is a local start chain, which keeps it out of the axis of evil for me. I will continue to return to Oreganos on occasion, when I have absolutely no plans to follow my meal.
5	Best deep dish pizza in arizona!!!!There is a long wait, but that is perfect timing to enjoy a beer and a bask in the sun on a sunday afternoon.Dont leave without trying a macadamia nut pzookie!!!
4	Yes, it's annoyingly crowded all the timeYes, the wait staff will all turn and say "HI!!"  "WELCOME!!!" "WE'RE SO HAPPY TO HAVE YOU HERE!!" when you walk through the doors.  Yes, the food can sometimes take quite a long timeYes, it is a bit more expensive than other pizza/pasta type of placesHowever, despite all these things, I FREAKIN' LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!I only order three things from Oregano's.1.  Alfredo the dark with chicken2.  Unlimited marinara pasta bowl thing with meatballs and peppercini's3.  Pizzooookie.  YummmmmmThe food is ridiculously large, so I find this place is much more affordable when I split an entree with a friend.But yeah, I love this place.
1	Horrible service, whether busy or not.Pizza is always limp, soggy or undercooked.Baked Tuna Sandwich is bitchin'.Pizza Cookie is ok.Go to Scottsdale or Tempe location instead.
5	My very first visit to AZ Ayesha took me to Oreganos for some pizza and a beer after we hiked up and down a Mountain. It seemed like a good way to reward ourselves for the hard work.  As I prepared to return for a quick valentimes whistle stop return, my one request was to sit outside again in the warmth of the desert and drink a beer at Oreganos.I didn't quite get my wish, as we decided on dinner rather than lunch, and at that point it was even too cold to sit outside for this Michigander.  But all that melted away as we ordered the Picasso.  A finer, tastier deep dish pizza you will never have.  Not Chicago, not anywhere. Yes it takes 45 minutes, but we were surrounded with fantastic company and drinking delicious beers, so the wait flew by.So while I normally eschew the chains, I make a large exception for this local AZ wonder.  Can't wait to return Oreganos - next time we dine al fresco.
2	OK pizzas, bird-attacks during the meal, long wait...People would tell me I just "have to try Oreganos". So, I finally went. I don't really understand why everyone said it was a "must try" restaurant.FOOD:The pizza slices are good, but not exception. They were a little on the burnt side but yet, not hot when they were brought to us. SERVICE:I felt like we had to flag down the server everytime we needed something. Drinks refills took longer than they should have. There were 2 of us that went for lunch and we were there for over 2 hours. Ridiculous...AMBIANCEWe sat outside and were continually attacked by pigeons as we tried to eat. It was kinda of noisy too because the place was packed... even outside it was loud. (You would think the noise would have kept the pigeons away).
3	A man came over to my house last night with a bag of food.  Luckily, I knew he was coming.  OK, it was a "dinner and a movie" date and he brought a huge bag from Oregano's.  As I started to get out plates and silverware, he mentioned that paper plates, plastic utensils and napkins were in the bag.  Well, he sprung for dinner, I can clean a few plates, right?  HUGE portions!  He brought spaghetti with marinara.  It was angel hair.  I think there *could* have been more sauce.  The lasagna was their "Italian Flag" lasagna and really good!  Ooey-gooey with sausage and meatballs stuffed inside.  The portion was enormous as well.  We both had a hunk and I had another one today for lunch.  Both entrees had different kinds of garlic bread included in the container.  The appetizer was something I'd never had before: Toasted Ravioli.  WTF???  Handmade ravioli, stuffed and fried with a side of marinara sauce to dip them in.  There was definitely some kick to it, as they were stuffed with cheese and jalapenos.It was a very satisfying meal and I'm giving it three stars.  The portions were big, the prices were reasonable (looking at the website since he brought it to my place) and everything was full of flavor.    This was no Harley's meal, but for something quick and Italian, it wasn't half bad!  Of course, eating a meal on the couch with a cute guy will always be a plus!
1	Fabricated hype is the theme for this restaurant chain in Arizona - they intentionally select (nearly) all locations with insufficient parking and insufficient building size to accommodate their customers.  Once you're on the lengthy waitlist along with a small crowd of others, they want you to think.... wow, this is a happening place!But the pain doesn't stop here.  The hostess has strict but unreasonable seating rules.  Example: she wouldn't seat my party of 4 at a 4 top table because 2 people were parking the car.  Not even 30 seconds later, she seats a party of 2 at that last remaining 4 top table.  Then, of course, my 2 missing people walk right up and we have to wait 25 minutes for the next available 4 top table.  Great policy, Oreganos!This self-styled Chicago theme restaurant offers deep dish pizza, but they're quick to point out how long the wait is for the pizza (likely after you've waited a long time just to get a seat) and so the vast majority of their pizza sales are thin crust.  Not bad, but the reputation for great Chicago pizza isn't exactly "Chicago thin crust".Wall murals are entertaining, as are the self-deprecating T-shirts worn by the staff.  Food is very average, and the menu is quite decorative.On the whole though, it's all hype and little in way of substance.
4	I have never had to wait for a table at this location and the service is always great. The first time I ate here I was so overwhelmed by the menu there are so many options and all of them sound great. This isn't an authentic Italian restaurant but I like how they make all the classic dishes with a twist . The portions are huge and the prices are reasonable. The food here is pretty good try the Boom Dip as an appetizer and don't forget to leave room for the Pizookie its heavenly.
5	Oregano's on Camelback is one of our favorite places to go for dinner & some beers. We always take out of town guests there.The outdoor seating in particular is one of our favorite places to hang out, eat and drink. You can enjoy your food while relaxing in an oasis-like environment outside, enjoying the breeze, the sun or a sunset. Good music is always playing (jazz and other boppy tunes) and they have heaters over the tables outside for when it gets cold at night.They have a decent beer and wine selection, including some good ones for beer connoisseurs. Pitchers of beer pricing is reasonable.The food is fantastic. For appetizers, we really like the Guacatoni (quesadilla served with fresh guac) and the spicy ravioli's. Pizza lovers will love their selection of pie types and calzones. There's also a good variety of pastas and salads.For us, it doesn't get much better then Oregano's. Yes, the place is usually crowded and you'll have to wait for a table. Yes, there are birds tweeting and hopping around outside, but we love the atmosphere and the food and drinks.
5	Dang so many haters on this place. Maybe I came on a good night or something because I really enjoyed my time here.Yeah this place is retarded crowed, its a chain and the servers aren't perfect but come on now. Did anyone taste the pizza? We had the Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola Sausage and Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato and they were both fantastic. They have a good selection of beer, nice outdoor seating area and their pizza comes correct. Also, if you have any room left get the pizza cookie.
4	What can I say...they never do me wrong!  I try to frequent mostly local owned restaurants, but Oregano's just calls to me sometimes.  I love the unique salad selection and the fact that I get to choose small or large.  The pizza crust is the perfect thin-ness, the spices just right, I don't have to spend a fortune AND I get leftovers!  Now the service...again, I have never had to wait for drink refills, hunt down my server for extra napkins, or send back a cold pizza.  I always get upbeat and personable service and as a server mysef, this really makes me happy.  I don't remember every server's name I have had there, but definitely ask for Trish for great experience!
4	Can you say discrimination? Why has Oregano's eluded the west valley??? We eat pizza too! I am a little miffed that you cannot find a good pie on the west-side. Peter bluck piper, pizza slut, domino no's, Pucky Johns and a string of mom and pops that make Tombstone look gourmet! Streets of New York used to be a good pie but they are slipping bad! We do have La Piazza Forno which is delish but they are hard to get into. Why I like the Oregano, I first came here on a blind date. Message, no matter how many times your friend says he would be perfect for you slap her face and run away! The best thing about this guy was that he suggested Oregano's for a Saturday lunch. I had never partaken in the deliciousness of Oregano's. He ordered basket of fries, UFOs (no longer on the menu), & a pepperoni pizza. Big guy this was appetizers! I tried the fries they were tasty, the UFOs I fell in love cheese stuffed artichokes dipped in batter and deep fried oh yeah baby! Sadly I must morn their departure. Then the pie yummy and I just love the square cut reminds me of home. Illinois! I had ordered the baked ziti one of my favs and now I don't recall his food order It was another kind of pasta. Let me just tell you the ziti was colossal! Humongous! I barely at a 4th of it, I see a doggy bag in my future. Not iron jaws geezus he ate a basket of fries, half a basket of UFO's and 3/4 of a Med Pepperoni pizza plus all of his pasta and the bread bowl! I was scared to get close I thought he might eat me! I love the Iced tea to it is china mist passion fruit and it's fantastic.I will definitely be back, On a side bar I never order the deep dish on a dine in. The deep dish Stuffed One-O is fabulous, call ahead and get it togo. I usually call about 1 and a half hours before I want it and get it hot and delicious!
1	Oregano's, you are vile, and I am baffled by your crowds of followers who seem willing to loiter about in 115 degree heat for over an hour for you. Everything tastes as if someone had an accident with the salt shaker in the kitchen. Bland, boring, and dehydrating. No thanks.
1	If you've been to any Oregano's anywhere, you know what the food here is like. If you like the food, you like it. I find it much too salty and not really worth the long wait.This particular joint is always busy to the point of overcrowding for lunch and dinner. Service is good and they have outdoor seating. Despite decent servers you will have a wait, either to sit down at all, or quite a wait for your pizza. Takeout is a good option. Parking is a problem because the restaurant doesn't have enough, so there is spillover into the local neighborhood. BE CAREFUL: People who have been drinking tend to drive out of there without even looking. Do not leave any valuables visible in your car, not even a CD. The area around 10th St and Camelback experiences a lot of smash and grab theft and even assault, so be aware of your surroundings. It's a good neighborhood, but buzzed, well-fed people are easy marks.The negative review is because I think you can do a LOT better while supporting a locally owned place instead of a chain. And because I live in this neighborhood, and we have found Oregano's most unreceptive to working with the neighborhood residents to overcome parking and litter problems, and an increase in crime associated with these problems.
4	As a pizza savant, I am severely limited by both nature and nurture:)I have been to the pinnacle (Bianco's Pizzeria)...a couple of times, in fact...and found it unfulfilling:(I have looked into the pizza abyss (Chuck E Cheese or Totino's Frozen...too close to call), and come away scarred but stronger.I suppose some of it is nurture...the cattle ranch was a hard place to grow up and I did not eat pizza until I left home at 15 for college...Shakey's in Corvallis, OR:)Losing my pizza virginity was a revelation and a delight:)...I was forever altered...forever better:)And there is, no doubt, some nature involved...I can only think of 2 things that I can't eat and neither one involves pizza of any sort:)And that brings me to today...I will at least try anybody's pizza pie:)Some are better than others, but very few are truly bad:)So when the Beautiful Carin and I wandered over to Oregano's the other night, it was with the anticipation of a pretty good pizza and a pleasant atmosphere to enjoy it in:)We were not disappointed:)The entirely reasonable 20 minute wait went by quickly with free pizza slices to nibble and frequent refills for our drinks, while we sat comfortably and listened to the music:)When we got our table...outside, under the mist...our server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable...but we already knew what we wanted:)It's all pretty good at Oregano's:)This time we had a deep dish pepperoni, sausage, mushroom and olive pie, along with a Mrs. Gibbilini's spinach salad...way too much for 2 people but the leftovers are great for lunches and dinner for 2 more days:)We've had the thin crust, the Chicago style, sandwiches, and salad...even the wings, on occasion:)The pies are well designed, well prepared, customizable and tasty!The sauce isn't too sweet, the cheeses selected for the pies complement the sauce and the crusts are well made and have great "tooth"...the right mix of crunchy vs. chewy:)I've seen the debates...oh yes, I read the reviews..."Chicago pies rock"..."New York is the only real pizza"...yada, yada, yada:)Well, I am waiting for a pizza to rock my world the way that first slice of Shakey's pepperoni did, all those years ago...it may not ever happen...they say you never forget your first time:)But Oregano's always serves up a good pie (regardless of whether I'm in the mood for Chicago, Thin crust, deep dish or whatever...along with all the accompaniments and alternatives I could ask for:)Does Oregano's rock my world?...No, only the Beautiful Carin does that these days, but they do bake up a pretty decent pie:)
5	Ive been here a hundred and one times and I still don't think ive ever had their pizza??? I ALWAYS get "The Lady is a Scampi", it's amazing and the shrimp are more than few and freakin' Chernobyl sized! Can't beat the pzookie either..Be warned though.. you will expand on site, thighs will fuse together etc... it's not healthy (not even the salads) is what im trying to say but oh so good.
5	Still awesome..for the very first time I tried their pizza. Had a friend in from out of town and we ordered the Chipotle Chicken Pizza. Holy Crap..awesome. Crust wasn't doughy like I love it (personal preference)but it wasn't  Lavosh like either so I was pleased. The pizza had the perfect chipotle kick..it won't disappoint the spicy lovers but won't intimidate the spice shy. One word of advice though..don't bother taking home the leftovers if you plan to eat next day. Lettuce does NOT save well and neither do avocados. Ended up throwing 1/2 the pizza away :(
5	I Love Love Love Oregano's.  When I lived abroad I was terribly homesick for this place and to be honest, the thought of living further than an hour's drive from Oregano's puts me into a panic.The food is Delicious and Generous and the prices are SUPER reasonable.  The Alfredo the Dark with chicken is wonderful, and my staple.  I especially like the roasted poblano chile on top, which oddly varies in degrees of hotness depending on the day.  There was one time that I happily snarfed the pepper only to realize a minute later that my lips were ON FIRE.  Like, I had to ice them for the next 20 minutes.  Still, I take full responsibility for that silliness and recommend that everyone be Very Careful when eating those little guys.  The salads are great, the belinis are yummy- the staff is crazy friendly, which would usually annoy the hell out of me but I find it oddly endearing.  *sigh* I cannot wax poetic enough!
4	Ohh, man!!   I've been to this place way too many times because it was hard for me to get Geno's Pizza in Chicago.  Every time I go to ASU, this is where I go.  The have the best thin crust pizza in the U.S. (again, besides my Chicago pizza).
4	I HEART Oreganos... The best thin crust pizza Ive had.. salads great... service awesome... I love the wines and the waiters that know them:-) PS.. aka let you even sample.. Friday nites on the Oreganos patio... with a good pizza pie and wine.. one of my favorite things:-)
2	What is the big deal about this place?!It's not great, but pretty good. Not bad, but ok. Just is what it is. We had some wings and a stuffed pizza, and the wings were undersized yet pretty flavorful. The pizza, I just don't understand the hype. Maybe I've had Giordano's, Gino's, and Lou Malnati's too much in Chicago but this place just wasn't it. The pizza is okay, and just okay... if nothing else, WAY too salty. After a while, I felt like I was consuming a salt lick.Service was weird, and I'm pretty sure our server was on coke. the restaurant was PACKED and the place was buzzing and he came and sat at our table and started shooting the shit. It was very bizzare. We got someone elses order of wings, and didn't know they weren't ours until the server told us (after we had eaten them all) so we felt kind of bad. I'd go back here again but I wouldn't really be too eager to.
4	TRY THE VINO BAMBINO SALAD! My fiance and I split a Jr. sized salad quite often (yes, their portions are THAT BIG) and we keep coming back for more! Bring your friends, even if you think you can handle it, chances are the portions will be way too big for you. At least you're getting your money's worth, right? The staff is always really friendly, although since their food is made FRESH, it can sometimes be a long wait before you get the food... but it's worth it!
4	Oregano's, I see us being friends for a long while.Your food is splendid, as are your waiters! A small restaurant you are indeed, packed with people and such, but oh my do you warrant 25 minutes waiting.Oh, and the majority of my Phoenix family has at least one of your t-shirts!
5	Love Oregano's. Been going to Oregano's for good 10 years. Started off in Tempe, while I was going to ASU. Wonderful food no matter what you get. I've tried pasta, pizza, salad, just sooo good. Not to mention Pizza-Cookie(forgot the spelling of real name) is to die for. I don't care what BJ's says ( they claim that their's is original and better) I think Oregano's Pizza-Cookie is the Best!My one and only request I ask everytime I go there is to open a store in west side. I love the place, just too far... but I always try to find a reason to drive there.
1	The pizza was good at one time...... what happened? This is the saltiest stuff I ever ate.............did the chef change about 8 years ago....  and show up with nothing more than a salt shaker..... the only thing you taste is salt......... I know it is the sauce.... so everything must be this salty.........maybe that cookie is good..... Is that salty too?????definitely pass on this one...... yuck.......
5	Oregano's is always a great call! I could eat there every meal, every day of the week....but try to do so sparingly because of the downfall for my diet. The prices are not bad at all and they have 1/2 portions for everyone's appetite. If you are in a hurry...they also do very efficient takeout orders. Also, the servers are always very animated and helpful. Thanks Oregano's for many years and many great meals!
3	I've been to Oreganos and I'm not sure why I keep coming back... oh yeah.. the Bellinis and the pazookie! The food is so-so and the food takes FOREVER. While their menus and servers give you fair warning that because they make everything from scratch that it takes longer to make. However, I know that its just a marketing ploy. The longer they make you wait (by telling you that perfection just takes time) the more you'll want it. By the time the food makes it to you, you're starving. At that point, everything tastes good, right?Off the appetizer list, I have tried:- the Guaca-Tony = fresh guac and pizza bread with WAY too much parm on them, also expect a 20 min wait- the calamari = actually pretty decent, reminds me of mozzarella sticks though- the garlic bread = wish the bread didn't come out of a plastic bag- sweet potato fries = ok- waffle fries = okSandwiches- italian sausage sandwich = spicy sausage, buy the jr size since the full size is too much, cheese looks fake and is not good if you have to reheat it the next day- meatball sandwich = standard, no wow factorPizza = if you have about 90 minutes to wait, the pizza is pretty good. Have not tried any pasta but my friends have ordered it and it did not look amazing.Bellini's = good strong mango/peach margaritaPazookie= skip the food and just order one of these. It does take 20 minutes to make but you can choose between chocolate chip, white chocolate or peanut butter cookie. Service:Slow. I'm not sure how many tables each server is assigned to but not only did we have to wait for our food, we waited for drinks to be refilled, waited for the server to bring us a box and waited for the bill. If you can't tell by now, lots of waiting.
1	If you love waiting 45 minutes for a table for horrible service and mediocre, overpriced Italian food, then this is the place for you.  The staff loves to keep people waiting for appearances, even when the restaurant is empty.  The last time we were there, we waited almost a half an hour for a patio table.  80% of the patio tables were empty and most of the staff was standing around with nothing to do.  The host finally came back to us after 20 minutes of waiting and said, "You guys wanted a patio table right?"  "Yeah,"  "Ok, it'll just be a few more minutes," with no explanation.  We just got up and left and haven't been back since.Don't bother.  There are too many other options in the area with better food and service, as well as shorter wait times.
2	I was in town on business and was told that if I was going to eat Italian, it had to be from this place.  As I got off work one night I decided to place an order for pick-up.  (Glad I did!  The place was packed and the wait was long!)  I ordered the Pesto Penne Bake, sounded good enough. I received my order and the first thing I could smell though the closed bag was the garlic! (thought maybe it was just the garlic bread-ha boy was I wrong!!!)  When I got back to the hotel I opened it up and the smell of garlic was even more overwhelming!  The pasta bowl looked good enough though.This dish has so much garlic in it that it is not edible to the average person!  (I had to open the patio door to the room just to air out the garlic smell!)  If you can get past the overpowering smell and taste of the garlic then it was a good dish.  But I must say the garlic is what ruined it for me.  Don't think I would go there again if I was in town.
5	Awesome restaurant! Lots of choices on the menu. It takes at least 10 minutes to read through all of it. I recommend the thin crust pizza. It is to die for. Lots of options to choose from no matter what you are craving. Outdoor seating is nice as well.
4	Their calzone is great.
3	I'm not exactly a fan of thin crust, but I gotta admit, Oreganos crust is pretty tasty... this coming from a pan/deep dish loving girl! It's probably because of their inventive toppings. My favorite is the El Picasso... Crisp tortilla chip topped pizza? I AM THERE!I also like to eat there wing and salad style, split with a friend: Mrs. G's Spinach Salad and Italian Gold Wings, the latter is thanks to a friend and fellow wing-lover of mine who moved away. As it is made with mustard--I hate mustard--I would've never thought to order it, but she told me they were her fave and we had a wing night and I agreed! I've even made a noodle dish with the sauce--it is THAT good! My fave prior were the Wong's Wings, but alas, they have since deleted it off their menu. I can heartily say, even if they were still on the menu, the Italian Golds still win the Gold!Another thing I miss off their menu are the waffle fries. They recently changed their fry option to Bistro sweet po's... but couldn't they have both? I know Sweet potatoes are better for you, but I LOVED the crispness of their waffle fries paired with an order of wings to share. Now I have to go to Ticoz for the Crisp Waffle Fry fix--the only alternative is Chick Fil-A... but theirs are mushier.And as the sweet ending? The Triple Vanilla Scooped Chocolate Chip Pizza Cookie, of course!I've had other things off the menu through the years... The Frisco, Pesto Pizza, Original Salad with that Raspberry Dressing... but they are just okay.My only complaint is the wait... when this place gets busy, it gets SO busy--Even for to go orders! I had an experience once where it was a 45 minute wait to eat there and a 1.5 hour wait for a to go order... WHAT?! And even when dining... the wait is pretty long... but I don't notice because I'm usually enjoying the company I'm with... so, if you bring great friends and lots of time, you will be fine!
1	This review is not for the food.. I LOVE the food..this review is for the service I received today and your ridiculous policy for takeout orders which doesnt accomodate the working class.Today I called in at 11am to place a "togo" order and was informed that the next available "pick up" time was 12:45pm. WTF? Umm when did you start taking take out orders in increments? Whose brilliant idea was this? It seems that Oreganos must have had a meeting.. "How Can We Throw Money Out The Window".. I know! By not allowing people to call in and place take out orders to be picked up within 30-40 minutes! That person needs to be fired. seriously, you lost a $100 order this morning..who knows how many more you lost today or will continue to lose with this kind of  business practice. This would have been repeat business no less. I guess we'll take our repeat lunch business elsewhere and make sure we get the word out to all companies that enjoy ordering from Oregano's that you can't accommodate multiple togo orders at lunch time during the week M-F. You can't be oblivious to how many other restaurants can and will gladly accommodate? Can You? Good Luck to you.
1	As far as pizza goes... Um no thanks.
1	Okay here it goes..while their food remains consistently delicious.. their service leaves a LOT to be desired. This issue is with the bartenders. A group of us showed  up for a birthday dinner. The regular wait was an hour.. for us (party of 11) was 1 1/2. My friend Carlos and I walked  up to the outside bar and no bartender to be found.. ok? No problem..inside we went. Okay so we approach the inside bar. We stand there and are unnoticed  by the 3 people behind the bar. Finally a woman greets us..imagine Janis Joplin and Joan Jett having a love child and now she's in her 40's..She takes my order a single Amstel Light...she takes Carlos' order.. 2 drinks. She cards us.. I show her my id and he shows his. She explains she needs to see and card the person he is buying the drink for. Okay that's a pain.. but fine. So what does she do. She leaves me at the bar while she goes with Carlos out to the crowded patio to card his wife.. really? How about you take care of me since I have met all the requirements? okay? so while she is gone..another bartender comes up and takes my order. As he is about to grab me a beer Janice Jett returns and says something to him he looks at me and I say the beer is for me Im on my own tab he turns back and he walks away?? WTF? What does it take to get a friggin' beer. So Janice Jett gives Carlos 2 drinks then I finally get mine and what does she do? She puts it all on Carlos' tab? Are you freakin kidding me? Janice Jett you are the WORST bartender ever. You did nothing right in this transaction. Needless to say we ended up with her as our server.. Murphy's Law..and she tried to card me again! I clued her in that she had done it just 20 minutes ago and her memory kicked in. Then we ask for more drinks. Half the table received theirs..and she made the rest of us wait as she doled out waters. Waters are great but we ordered beer..give us what we ordered! THEN give us waters..Ive never been so frustrated or irritated. It was almost laughable. Needless to say I didnt bother to order any more drinks after that.. what's the point..I wouldnt get it in a timely fashion anyway.
4	This place always seems to be busy but it is pretty good food.  Im big on pizza crust.  I like to believe it could make or break a pie.  Their crust is pretty darn good.
5	Probably one of the best chain restaurants. Very casual, great atmosphere and nice patio. The servery brought a small plate with some bread dough to play with while we ordered and waited for the food. We had the Guaca Tony as appetizer, which was delicious. If you like good wings, try the Italian Gold Wings. They are awesome!!! When we went there it was extremely busy and it took a while to get the food. I was a little upsetting in the beginning, but the manager came to the table and offered us a complimentary dessert. The original pizza cookie.
2	I'm so conflicted! On one hand, we were able to get seated in under five minutes of arriving. On the other hand, the food didn't sing to me, but rather just hummed along to a common theme. Evidently, not drinking alcohol has either effected my taste buds or my perception of food, because I cannot honestly say I was impressed with last night's meal. The Boom Dip appetizer was okay, after adding red pepper flakes. But the Alfredo The Dark with chicken was such a limp noodle for me. Was that really chicken lunch meat sliced thick in my pasta? The cheese wasn't melted, and I couldn't find any alfredo sauce in my pasta bowl. Par for the course, I ended up getting full and bringing about half of the dish home. If, at lunch, I decide this was a good meal and I was just misguided by not having alcohol with my food, I shall update my review.
5	I Love Oregano's and can't believe I have never written a review. This is my regular place. The best thing about Oregano's is the Bellini's and the staff. The food is pretty good and is a good value. Usually order the Pablo Picaso Salad (amazing) and the Alfredo the Dark Pasta with Shredded Chicken. The toasted Ravioli apps are yummy. This place is always busy, so expect a wait even during the week. The best time to come is after 9pm in my opinion. I have seen the wait as long as two hours, no joke. They don't take reservations and all the party has to be there for them to list you. Choose inside, outside or first available. You can order a drink and even apps for the wait. This is basically a bar that sells food so leave the kiddos at home. They will not enjoy it here, you will not enjoy it here with them and everyone else will not enjoy it so take them to McDonalds and leave them with a sitter. You deserve a night out anyway.The Pizza Cookie is really good. I like Chocolate Chip/Peanut Butter. The servers here really work their buts off. They will do most anything to make your meal here a great one. They even chit chat with you if you like and make you feel special. I never tip under 20% here and feel I get my money's worth every time. They seem to have been turning over help more in the past couple of years. They have a solid business and I attribute that to their growth, but for the most part the employees seem to like working there.My only real beef aside from the wait is there are only two bathrooms. One Male and one Female. As many customers as this place has they need to figure a way to add dividers and make it so more can use as there is always a line. The parking is not a big deal to me. They have a small lot, but there is PLENTY of street parking nearby and if there is not, then you need to come back at a different time because the wait will be a killer.
5	This is our favorite restaurant. We used to live in the Biltmore and would frequent this location. Right off the bat, expect a wait! Good things come to those who wait.I like the big rig pasta with chicken or there is a massive salad with shrimp that I love. Best part? The cosmos! My husband loves the lasagna (order as soon as you get there - it takes 45 mins to cook). My kids like the dough they give you to play with (they will even bake your dinosaur shape for you). The kids meals are dirt cheap. If you can handle the extra calories, get the cookie!! Great place to go with the kids, to hang out with friends or for a date night. We always take out of town family and they love it! The staff is always great, especially since they are usually packed. The atmosphere is fun. Wish they would open a North Phoenix location!
5	The food was execellent, love the shrimp scampi and the bizookie! The portions are big. Customer service was excellent i will definately be back!
4	I've been to Oregano's many different times for different occasions...and I feel like every time I visit I feel differently about it. 1.) There is always a ridiculous wait time here. It doesn't matter when you come, it is ALWAYS busy. Always. 2.) I love the food. It's definitely a bang for your buck and man, is it good. 3.) PIZZOOKIE. Nuff said.4.) Gibbilinni Bellini. Again, nuff said. The service is usually great...perhaps to make up for the outrageous wait times? Anyway, my last visit here was rather hectic; my mother was in town so we planned a dinner here for her with most of our extended family (a 20 person group). I understood this might be difficult considering the size of the place, so I called a couple of days prior to see if they could in fact accommodate us. Sure, they said. Because they don't take reservations over the phone, I would need to go to the restaurant the day of to put our name on the list. They assured me "no worries, we'll take care of you and have everything ready."So I head to the restaurant around 1 pm to put our names on the list for 6 pm. We get there at 550 and are told it's going to be a 45 - 60 minute wait. Wait, seriously? So then why did I make a trip several hours prior because that's what you told me would ensure we're seated on time? So our party of twenty is waiting outside in the hot parking lot (because of course there wasn't enough room in the waiting area) for nearly an hour. They were very accommodating with water and drinks while we waited, which was nice. The only thing that was really irritating about the wait was the whole time thing: we were constantly being told, oh, it'll be just a minute, or oh, they're bussing it now. When all we needed to do was step is side and see that nothing was actually happening, so we felt like we were being jerked around so we wouldn't leave. What's with restaurants not telling it like it is with wait times? So annoying, especially in the heat. Anyway, so we're finally seated in the only area that can hold us, and we're totally cramped. But we're a close family, so lucky for us! Our server was really great with filling our orders and accommodating our needs. Like I said, he totally made up for our outrageous wait with good service...and what was at first a hectic, stressful evening, turned out to be an entertaining one. Of course I'll come back to Oregano's time and time again..there is that something that constantly draws us back.
3	I've been here probably 8-10 times over the past 5 or 6 years. Consistent: - The wait. Doesn't matter if it's lunch or dinner, the wait is ridiculous. On the positive side, the reception desk kept the cups of iced water coming. - The food is always good, which probably explains the wait. I strayed from my carmelized onion, gorgonzola pizza to try their spinach salad. Not a single regret - it was super tasty! - That damn pizookie. Even if the food in general sucked, I'd come here just for the pizookie... mmmmmm. If you haven't been... you should go!
2	I used to go here all the time for lunch to get their mini deep dish pizzas that are limited in supply and you better get there early because they go quick...because they are sooo good and they can feed two people almost.  But went there with the family last night and  you know how it can be kinda difficult to satisfy 4 people with the same pizza?  So we often do half and half to make everybody happy...and we've never ran into this situation, they wanted to charge as if the whole pizza had all the toppings...meaning if you get 3 toppings on one side and 3 different toppings on the other side, you better be prepared to pay for a 6 topping pizza...about $8 extra.  So they are off the 'family friendly' list for me.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!!!Ever since I discovered Oregano's I've never been back to Olive Garden. I think their food is fantastic and I've learned to try other things aside from their meatballs...ummm! Service is always, always, always fantastic! The servers are so helpful and friendly. I have nothing bad to say about this place. If you do come here...be sure to explore the menu.One bad thing, but I can't knock a star off for it, is that the wait can be extremely long especially during lunch hours. I've waited an hour before and at other times, I've gotten lucky to get the last table available. Check out the pictures!
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix, period.  We love eating here and we've got it down to a science.  Here's your gameplan for a fantastic Oregano's experience in under 90 minutes.  Print it out and take it with you (yes, you can laminate it if you want).INSIDER'S GUIDE TO OREGANO'S:1) Make plans for dinner (lunch is an impossibility unless you have two-hour lunch breaks ... you lucky dog).2) Get some fun friends together (Oregano's is great in groups of about six - keeps all seating options open)3) Grab a deck of cards or two (you'll see)4) Get the whole group to show up at 6 (they won't put your name on the list unless you're all there)5) Hang out and talk or play cards with your friends for forty minutes or so (now you see why they need to be FUN friends)6) About 20 minutes before your scheduled seating, order two things: DEEP DISH PIZZA and GUACA-TONY.  These both take a while but the waitstaff will put the order in and have it cook while you wait.7) After you get seated and get drinks, put in any SALAD OR ENTREE orders.  As you do, the guaca-tony will show up right on cue.  Your friends will admire both your foresight and your appetizer selection.  It's an amazing Italian guacamole with a thin-crust pizza for dipping.  Unforgettable, as Old Blue-eyes would say.8) The guaca-tony will be mostly gone in a hurry, so have the obligatory "no, you take the last slice" discussion, and reluctantly gobble down the rest of it (way to take one for the team, champ).  Just as the pan is cleared, here comes the pizza and other entrees.  Perfect!  But don't let that waiter escape - order your PIZZOOKIES now! (ideally chocolate chip, but I won't judge if you go for peanut butter or white chocolate macadamia nut).9) Devour the pizza.  Their deep dish is so very good.  It's extremely filling, so it's best to calculate about 1-2 slices per person.  Don't worry, it's tasty reheated.10) Just when you decide you can't eat another bite, the pizzookies show up ... and, well, you might as well have a little.  Generous scoops of vanilla ice cream on top of a half-baked cookie in a pizza pan, and drizzed with chocolate syrup.  The best.11) Grab the check.  Your friends will think you are very generous, but it turns out eating at Oregano's is really affordable in groups, since you split most things.  Without alcohol, it usually works out to about $10 per person, including tax and tip.  Of course, you can just ask everyone for the 10 bucks or, if you're feeling unscrupulous, ask them all for 15 bucks.  For the awesome meal they just had, they'll probably pay it!
5	This place is mackin, friendly service with authentic food. We had the chicken wings as an app which tasted good, but nothing to write home about. I had the Italian Flag Lasagna which took about 40 minutes but was definitely worth the wait, some of the best I have had in a longtime. This dish was made from scratch, you can taste the difference with fresh backed pasta, good sauce and lots of meat. My wife had the Grilled Italian Sausage Sandwich. You can tell the sausage was made in house with great spices and a little bit of heat. We will definitely go back.
5	I am madly in love with this restaurant! The pizza, the quac-a-tony, the ballini's! WONDERFUL!
4	Generally my mornings consist of hitting the snooze button at least 5 times.  Getting out of bed is a difficult thing for me to do.  But remember being a kid? When there were those select days that getting out of bed wasnt hard?  First day of school, Christmas morning, Tuesdays and Thursdays during the summer when the hot neighbor would do her swimming and sunbathing before work... ahh, those were the days.  Tomorrow will be one of those days when i dash out of bed... why? Because by noon, i will be at Oreganos stuffing my face with a Veggie Wedgie & Sweet Potato fries.  As a grown up, It's the little things in life that get me out of bed.  (Though, that swimming & sunbathing MILF might also still do it too.)I've never had the pizza at Oregano's... in fact, since i have had the Veggie Wedgie, I may never have anything else at Oregano's.  Thanks to you, sweet Wedgie of the Veg... i will sleep with visions of sugarplums... no wait... eggplant, goat cheese, roma tomatoes, spinach, portobellos and feta.  Ahhh... i'm looking forward to you already.   Zzzzzzz.
4	This place is amazing! Have visited and dined here several times and the food is always superb. Margherita pizza and Bellini's are my favorite but the Caesar salad is good too. Warning: Portions are VERY large, best to go with a group of friends and share everything since almost every main dinner dish is too big to eat on your own. Nice, comfy and inviting atmosphere with great booths and large seating capacity. And I hear that they are expanding! Woo hoo! They can definitely use more room  :))
5	Wow.  That's all I've got to say really.. other than GO!  There isn't anything negative to say about both of my experiences here!  I love the pizza, love the people, the desert is to DIE for, and the service is stellar! I started off with Sweet Potato Fries, which sadly had some spice on them that I didn't enjoy, as quickly as they saw I wasn't eating them they removed from the bill and offered any other appetizer for me.  I decline and waited for the pizza to arrive.. Wait the 45 minutes, get the deep dish, and be in heaven!  I'm a classic Pep and Cheese guy, but saw a number of others with stuff in them that looked equally delish.  Finally, do not leave without having the cookie desert, it's phenomenal!  I'd fly back to PHX just for this cookie!
5	First time I had pizza here for some reason....and cant they make something that is gross!  I have eaten here tons of times and every experience with the food and service is the best ever.  I have had the Alfredo the Dark (fettuccine alfredo), the big beef sandwich, the big tuna sandwich, and now chicken wings and pizza.  The alfredo is so creamy and flavorful with a bit of spicy to it.  I remember not being able to finish the gigantic plate of noodles.  The beef sandwich makes my mouth water just thinking about it but my table was craving to share pizza and wings today so we ordered the pepperoni pizza thin crust and it was truly amazing.  The garlic was perfect the crust was and cheese were a great consolidation of flavor.  The chicken wings were great also, the sauce was a little thick and had a garlic hint to it as well.  Of coarse what would a visit to Oregano's without ordering a macadamia nut pazookie!  Man, this place is the best place for the cookie desert with ice cream, the half cooked cookie inside a good 10" pan and about 1/2" thick is so flavorful and good.  I almost got sick from eating to much.  Also if you have never been to an Oregano's be prepared to wait since they are always busy, the atmosphere is way casual and the decor is so very cool and trendy.  I cant think of a better consistent trendy place for great food and great service.  It's most definitely as good as it gets!
4	I  must confess ,  I play pretend.Sometimes at restaurants I pretend that I am really eating in a one of a kind local joint that only those in the know frequent. That's how I feel at Oreganos.  I love that it has that it has a kitschy air about it,I love the use of suprisingly tasty ingredients , I love that I can bring young or old family members and everybody is happy. Oreganos rarely dissapoints and on this past Sunday , mi familia was quite satisified with our food and drinks, and the fast service.  So kudos to Oreganos making my afternoon tasty as well as as easy.
3	Placed an order togo lastnight with the bf, ordered a 12" stuffed pizza ( I believe that's what it is ) we also ordered baked ravioli. The pizza was huge and looked delicious, got to my apartment ready to dig in, it was just a tad bit too salty for our taste.  The baked ravioli were pretty good, nothing to go crazy for.  My bf called them to let them know that the pizza was just a bit too salty and the employee kindly explained that because of the type of cheese they use, sometimes the pizza ends up that way.  He apologized and offered to send us a gift card for the amount that the pizza cost.  First time having it, wasn't too bad. I'd definitely like to try it again but dine in. :)
4	I like so many things on the menu it takes forever to decide what to order. You have to keep in mind that you have to save room for the pzookie. This is a must! Pzookie is a huge chocolate chip cookie in a cast iron dish served warm with ice cream on it. UM Yeah, its freakin delicious. Anyway the beefstro salad is awesome. Normally i don't care for steak in a salad but this is very thinly sliced rib eye and its so good, and big enough for 2-3 to share. The wings are really good and they are all drum stick wings and three kinds of sauces. The original is best. The Italian wedding soup with a meat ball is so tasty. The Big Ravioli is really good and stuffed with lots or cheese meat and topped with marinara sauce. But the Chicago Style deep dish pizza is awesome. Its huge very filling so don't order unless your with a group of people. It takes about 30 minutes to make but its so worth it. Just remember to save room for the pzookie. Even if you are stuffed order the pzookie cause when you see it and try it you will finish it!!!
5	Second try:So I am updating my review! Received the giftcard and went ahead and tried it again ( dinned in this time around ) it was PERFECTION.  We'll go back for sure!
4	Oregano's! Each time I go there no matter what time there is always a 30 minute wait!  I cannot enjoy your deliciousness when I am hungry and do not want to look at my shoes for 30 minutes. I do not have the luxury of an iPhone to pass the time. Build more tables? Very enjoyable place, staff is kind, food is..Oregano's.
4	I'm not generally a fan of chain restaurants, but as chain restaurants go, its a good one.  It is a bit cheesy (both in food and in sense of humor) but the food portions are huge and taste pretty good.  The price points are good and the service is friendly.  This place is always packed.  So be prepared for a wait.  They have pizza to please both fans of the thin crust or the thick.  Although if you get the thick crust pizza be prepared for a wait.  I always get the wedding soup which is delicious with meatballs and small bits of pasta in a chicken broth.  It is not too salty which makes me super happy!  If you're brave get a pizza cookie they can get it to have two different kinds of pizza dough and topped with vanilla ice cream.
4	I have yet to be truly disappointed after eating at Oregano's.  I've experienced iffy service at the Mesa location, but the Camelback location has always been great.  I've always had to wait, but that's only given me the opportunity to enjoy a tasty, tasty Bellini in the meantime (damn you, Oregano's, for your two-Bellini cap!).  Service is friendly, the food is consistently good, and the atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed.  Please note that if you are dining with a group, the entire group must be present before you are seated.I have only two complaints about this location:!. Parking sucks2. The floors are VERY slippery. Beware if you're wearing heels or shoes with slick soles so you don't fall like I did.Let's end on a high note, shall we?1. You know how I feel about the Bellinis.2. Big Rig Pasta + chicken + hot wings sauce = YUM3. I'll only share a pizza cookie with you if I really, really like you. Otherwise, that sucker's all mine!I heart you, Oregano's!
3	Ive always said Oregano's has been my favorite thin crust pizza place around, and it still is.  However... this location is my least favorite.  We show up with a party of 6 at about 6PM and of course there's about a 45minute wait if you want to sit inside.  The only time Oregano's doesnt have a wait is on Sat afternoon about 1PM.  Literally the only time..   So they tell us that we can sit outside with the heat lamps and be seated right away.  We opt for the lamps and are seated.   Our waiter comes over and takes our drink orders and quickly returns with almost all the drinks.. he forgets our friends drink and when we mention it.. he scatters away and returns about 4min later with the drink.  By this time we order some wings and salads and the pizzas.  While waiting for our food, we notice our heat lamp above us is not on, and ask to have it turned on.  they come over and do it.  For some reason I notice that our waiter is no where to be found.  I start seeing other people filling our drinks, giving napkins, cheese, etc.  Oh well.. multi-tasking I guess.So our food arrives via our waiter and he begins serving with an apology.. he put the olives that were supposed to be on the side.. ON the pizza.  One of our bunch is allergic to olives.. yeah..  So he brings out the stuffed pizza and we begin to work on that and the few start eating the olive pizza.  They keep saying sorry and will be bringing out the cheese pizza with olives on the side.  I swear it seemed like 30 more minutes before we saw someone with the pizza.  Within those minutes, our waiter vanished again, only to be seen in small  blips across the back of our minds.  Finally.. the pizza arrives and while we're all mostly done, our friend gets to start eating.   The manager is very kind to take to not charge for the extra pizza of course, but to make things even better, he throws in a pizza cookie.  it was our friends birthday, so that's two cookies we get.. yummy.So we're all finished, and it's time to wait for our bill.  (checks watch). Oh there he is finally..  he drops the bill off and I ask him for change for a $100 bill..  he leaves.  (checks watch).  "Wow, did he just leave??"  At one point I see him come back about 10 minutes later and serve another table a drink and I notice the 100 in his hand.. lol . Wow.. Finally he goes back to get me change.  By now we're all ready to leave and we start to split the bill up.. here's the best part.  Our bill came out to around $77 and change and a friend throws in the tip, another throws in $20.. What do I do because Im not paying attention and my mind is all over?  I shell out 77 in cash (along with everyone elses money) and say "20 on the card and the rest is yours."  ... I wonder why he was so nice when he came back with the card.    I guess I would be to if I got a $32.00 tip...    You would think he would have caught that.  I think this is the most of said on any of my reviews.  Will I go here again? Of course I will.  I live in Glendale and unfortunately, until they build one in Glendale, this is the closest one..  I prefer the Tempe location.
4	This place smells great before you walk in the door! The bar was packed and so was the dining area - apparently others had the right idea, too! My group ordered fried or baked raviolli, a large Julius Cesear salad with the dressing on the side, and a medium Bistro Classic pizza, half with very little cheese. First, the order was done perfectly. There was even extra marinara without charge that came along with the baked raviolli. The pizza did come with half light cheese, too. The most impressive part of this midday meal was the salad, a hill of romaine lettuce, parmesean cheese and the best croutons I've ever tasted. Although it was a little early in the day, the Dirty Monkey was freaking awesome and packed a nice little punch to help me get on with the rest of my day. Without a doubt, I would return here with a group of people to share similar foods. The reason it was not five stars is because there was cheese on everything, so if you don't do well in the lactose-digesting department you may want to make sure you can handle it that day. The second issue was for some reason the pizza crust seemed like it was sweet. I've never heard of a sweet flat crust before, but the garlic on the pizza certainly masks the sugary crust. Other than that, a fabulously bustling environment with super friendly staff, drinks to get you drunk faster, and a hearty menu for those who really like cheese and sweetness.
4	I cannot profess my love for Oregano's enough. It's the closest thing to the stuffed and thin crust pizzas I grew up eating in Chicago that you can get in the Valley. The sauce is perfect,, the toppings and cheese are wonderful, and the dough is excellent. I don't typically find myself at the Camelback location since I live close to old town Scottsdale.  But yesterday I had a craving and decided to order from there and pick it up on my way to work (this location is much closer to there). Had an 8" Sprocolli which I nearly finished off myself when I made it to work. The only thing I am disappointed in was the wait. I got to the restaurant and went to the pickup area. I guess one of the customers ahead of me had some sort of an issue, because it took a lot longer than I expected to pick up the pizza. But the staff was so friendly when I finally made it to the register, that I couldn't even hold it against them.
3	I've been here twice now and have to say that I cannot recommend anything here that is not a pizza. Their Chicago deep dish is pretty great for an Arizona chain and definitely worth the extraordinarily long wait. Did I say wait? Expect at least 45 minutes for your pizza.  Sweet jeebus, this is not five star dining here Oregano's.
3	Oregano's runs hot and cold in my book. I've had great meals here (pizza, mostly), but I've also had a fair share of bland pastas and not-so-spectacular sandwiches. I keep coming back, however, because it's a fun, friendly place. I'm a big fan of their quirky shirts (today's read "legalize marinara"), and the servers are always smiling as they go about their business. Most everyone goes out of the way to make sure you're having a good experience (today, for instance, I was promised a donation of dozens of empty cans for the school at which I work). I'll be back, and I'm hoping to try the deep dish pizza soon.
4	Great, awesome stuffed pizza.  Ordered to carry out, and they gave me a 1:15 wait time. Given that I wasn't super hungry, I decided it was worth the wait to try (had a bad pizza craving today).  Ordered it with sausage.  When I picked it up, I was surprised how heavy it was (ordered a medium). It was definitely the heaviest pizza I've ever carried.Now on to the pizza.  I was surprised how much I liked it:  the tomato sauce was really good and it also had loads of cheese. The sausage was overpowered by the sauce, but it was good.  Pomo is my favorite pizza place here, but, if you're in the mood for for a good 3000 calorie pizza that will feel like a load in your tummy, look no further.  This was well worth the calories!
4	Love the food -- terrific thin crust pizza, Italian Gold wings (honey mustard BBQ), and great beer choices.  Very kid-friendly; kids menu is good, and they bring them dough balls to play with.  The Pizookie (a giant mostly-baked cookie topped with 3 scoops of ice cream) is inventive and a great way to share a dessery.  Servers are usually fun and attentive.  The only thing that stops us from going more often is that it's too damn crowded.  30 -60 minute waits are not uncommon.
5	If I HAD to pick something to complain about when it comes to Oregano's it would be the amount of time I have to wait.... "I'm HUNGRY! I want to eat!" However, if I were asked to complain about something else...I couldn't think of anything (and we all know I complain a lot).Anyway, every single time I go to Oregano's I am satisfied. The pizzas are great, the pastas are great (the zany ziti specifically), the salads are great...everything is great. Let's get to the real point here: The pizookie is the most amazing thing on the face of this planet. It get's it's own paragraph just so I can rant about it. I love the pizookie so much that I will force my stomach to make room so I can put that deliciousness in my belly. I would probably eat 10 if I were given the opportunity.The service is always friendly and most of the time pretty funny too. The atmosphere is wonderful and it is a great place to go out with friends or family. Eat at Oregano's because you will most certainly enjoy it.
4	Oregano's... my love affair with Oregano's is long. It started in Flagstaff (still my favorite location) and continues today.This location  lacks a little of the joi de vivre of the Flag or south Scottsdale locations. However, the caliber of food is consistently high and makes up for whatever I imaginen I'm missing... There is a large patio, surrounded by (woefully inadequate amounts of) parking.  You can almost always expect a touch of waiting. However, whether you order the savory thin crust pizza, the warm and creamy Boom dip, a deep dish with goat cheese, herbs, onion and extra sauce, or just have dessert for dinner with an ooey gooey Pizzookie, you can't go wrong!
5	Simply the BEST thin crust chicago style pizza in the state!! Worth every minute of the wait - wings are great too!!
2	My mom wanted to go here for lunch last Friday & I was actually kinda excited, because it's been a few years since I last came here. Parking was a bitch & that was a task in itself! Any way, we made our way back to the hostess stand & was told there would be a 30 minute wait. For lunch, really?! We decided to sit at the bar where there was no wait. Lindsey was our server & she was so sweet, checked on us often too. For starters we ordered the bistro calamari & boom dip. I forgot how big the portions are, what were we thinking ordering 2 apps?! The boom dip was yummy but the calamari was just ok, way too much breading/coating! For our entree we decided to split the 14" aunt margherita pizza (thin crust) & added artichokes. My mom only had a bite since she ate a lot of the apps, I had a slice & it was ok. Pretty bland in flavor, barely any cheese & the crust had a similar texture to cardboard. I took the leftovers home & my hubby agreed, he wasn't diggin the pizza either. Total (not including tip) was about $40. While the food was just ok the service was great! I'd like to come back & sooner than a few years, because I know I've had good food here in the past. I think next time I need to order some pasta & definitely the pizza cookie!
4	Food is a solid 3.5 and service made it easy to round up to 4. Some friends were in town and we decided to meet here for a late lunch/early dinner on a Sunday.  I can see how parking would be a challenge but we found a spot in the main lot behind the restaurant. They were quite busy.  But we waited on the shady patio and had a drink at the bar.  There were 6 of us and we were easily seated at one of their large booths inside. We were hungry and looking back we admittedly had eyes bigger than our belly's.  We ordered the Bruschetta Authentico and the Lawrence's Stuffed 'Shrooms to start.  The fresh onions on the Bruschetta really added quite a bit of flavor, I didn't find the addition of the marinara provided necessary.  The Stuffed mushrooms were 2 large portabella mushrooms stuffed full of sausage marinara and melted cheese.  It took a little effort to cut them up and share, but they were quite good. In fact they would make a great  main dish to share with a salad. Two in our party put in Lasagna orders for one of each variety at the same time as the app orders as it takes 30-45 min for Lasagna.  The rest of us took a while to decide on what we wanted.  The other 4 of us ordered the Aunt Margherita Pizza, 2 ordered the Alfredo The Dark and added broccoli and I ordered the Zainy Ziti and added sausage.  All plates were extremely generous servings.  I personally made 3 meals out of my Ziti dish.  It was simple yet tasty and served in a baked thin crust bowl.  I sampled the Margherita pizza which I found to be lack luster.  The Alfredo dish was not as flavorful as I would have expected and was slightly rescued by the seasoning on the southwest bread that is served with the dish.  Had my dining companions not chosen to add the broccoli I would have considered this a little plain. It was not as creamy as expected (good and bad).  I can see myself taking a trip back here. I look forward to trying some other menu items.
4	Stopped in for lunch last Friday to meet with a friend. Went at 12noon and was surprised to get a seat right away.  Although it was outdoor seating only available.  I ordered a sausage sandwich with the basket weave fries.. Delish.. love it.. although it takes a little while for food to come out, it's well worth it.  They also give you a huge plastic cup of soda.  Our service was ok, it seemed like our waiter was covering a lot of different tables, but then again I'm a pretty mellow person and didn't mind waiting.  But again the food was mackin, and my friend and I ordered the ice cream pizza cookie.. omgoodness, so good.  soft chewy under baked cookie with vanilla ice cream on top.. Enjoy but it's pretty big so I would suggest sharing.
4	Had the Pablo Picasso, and although I got the smaller size, it was quite large. I definitely recommend this salad. It's similar to what other restaurants call a Southwest Salad, but so much better. Lots of veggies and chicken on it. I also tried a slice of the Margherita Pizza. It was pretty good, but definitely not the best I've ever had. That said, I've got pretty high expectations for pizza. We sat outside at the bar so we wouldn't have to wait. The weather was absolutely perfect for it, which made the experience even more enjoyable. Overall great food and atmosphere. Would definitely go back to check out some of their other pizzas.
4	No one, I mean NO ONE does the thin crust pizza better that Oregano's. 'Tis a real shame this place is no where near my home on So Cal. Their sauce is the perfect amount of salty sweetness and the cheese blend they use is superb. I wouldn't mess around with those specialty pizzas they have on the menus because their classic traditional pizzas are top notch. Please come to So Cal, please ...
4	Always have to try the chocolate chip cookie desert!! To die for!!
1	I was meeting a friend for lunch today at Oregano's. We got there promptly at 11 and got a parking spot and tablemmediately. We ordered calamari as a starter. This was the absolute worst calamari that I ever tasted! It didn't even look like calamari. It was thick strips that tasted very very fishy. I understand that calamari is seafood, but this tasted like bad fish, plus it was way over coated and salty. We sent it back and ordered fried ravioli. When it arrived, it too, was way over salted and tasted stale. We ate a few but didn't send it back. Next came our pizza. We ordered the lunch slices. The portion was a good size, but the pizza was very mediocre and the crust had the same stale flavor as the ravioli. Although the service was good, the food was very bad and I would not recommend Oregano's to anyone.
4	I'm torn.......So I must break it down.Parking:                                          1 StarWait Time (to be seated):           1 StarWait Time (for order):                  3 Stars (it's always busy)Service:                                          2 to 4 Stars (it's hit or miss)  Food:                                              3 to 4 StarsMenu Options:                              5 StarsPrice:                                              3 StarsTiming is everything at Oreganos.  I can't say I've ever had a bad experience here but if you decide to go, plan on waiting.  The food is good (not great) but they have a variety of options for everyone.  The one thing that keeps me going back is their WINGS.  Medium-Gold is the way to go.  I would give those alone 5 Stars.  Probably in the top 3 best wings I've ever had.  The thin crust pizza is great but the one problem I've found with is it's very salty.  Luckily for them (and me) that just means I drink more beer.  The prices are average and the portions are large.
3	Well, I went back to Oregano's today because I had a gift card and I am a sucker for free food. After my last experience, I decided to try different food. My friend and I arrived promptly at 11 and was immediately greeted by every employee. We started with the sweet potato fries. They were good, but the aoili was a little spicy and didn't really go well with the fries. Of course the best sweet potato fires are at Delux, but these were pretty good for a pizza joint. I got the stuffed pizza lunch special. It was good, too, but nothing to write home about. Then we got the best part of the meal: dessert. We ordered the cookie pizza thingie. It was great, it came out warm and gooey with vanilla ice cream on top. Overall, this experience was far better then my last visit to Oregano's. Would I eat there again? probably.
5	Tonight was near perfect.  Found a parking spot immediately.  We were seated right away on the patio.  Service was great and the food came quick.  Pepperoni thin crust was great and the wings were awesome as always.  Medium-Gold is the way to go and at $8.49 for 14 jumbo drums, they can't be beat.
4	After a long wait... I had the best stuffed pizza of my life. We waited about 45 minutes to get seated :-(....then the stuffed pizza takes 45 min. I didn't mind waiting for the pizza we knew it was gonna take that long. Absolutely the best stuffed pizza I have ever had, and I was told to try the cookie dessert. It is probably the best dessert I've ever had!!! No joke if you like cookie dough you would love it!! I will go there every time I come back to Az.
4	Great pizza, I will be back.
4	We had a party of 20! We sat outside. Yes, it was HOT and we were sweaty. The server did he best to knowledge and make sure the group of us were taken of us. He did a fantastic job by himself. Waters were already on the table when we got there. He quickly got our drink and appetizer orders and then told us he is going to get our drink and appetizer orders in. He was quick with the drinks. The food took awhile. I know all 20 of us ordered different items, so the timing of when all the food is ready took awhile longer than usual. But is is serving 20 people all at 1 time. Like usual the food was tasty, good, and consistent. I tried the Zany Ziti with chicken. Yum and TON of food! Of course we had to order the half and half pzookie!
2	I suppose the food is good because this place is always packed with people.  I'm a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie dough pizza with ice cream.  I just can't stand the long waits for everything, so I only go once every year or so.  The service is never fast.
5	Oregano's not Great tasting food, a large menu (both literally and figuratively), large servings and a reasonable price.  But like I like the most are very friendly servers and hostesses.As an employer, I was curious about how Oregano's can consistently hire such friendly people, that genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs, soni have asked on a couple of occasions about how they do it.  Unfortunately, the answer I keep getting is that they interview for that characteristic.  While I am sure that is true, it did not explain how they are able hire so well, where other companies have not.
5	I am a NY pizza guy but as far as Pizza goes in Phoenix this place is the best!  You need to get the Fried Raviolis and the Wings are good too! They even offer Good Blue Cheese which is the right way to eat wings (sorry all of you West Coasters but Ranch isn't the original)
5	This place is always delicious. I always start off with the anti pasto salad...best I've ever had. Pizza is cooked perfectly with very fresh ingredients. And the desert choke is the best desert I have had. Mouth watering. This place has so much to offer and is always busy but always has great service!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  The atmosphere is always awesome, the Bellini's are fabulous must have drinks and the food is wonderful.  Everyone must try the Mama's Chicken Rosemary Pizza... and if your a pasta lover, try the big rig with angel hair and chicken (its a spicy alfredo sauce dish of yummy goodness that just makes me happy every time I eat it).  Last off, never forget to get a pizza cookie...nothing, and i mean nothing beats this dessert.  This place will never be anything but a favorite of mine, even if we do have to wait 1.5 hrs for a table on busy weekend nights... just means more time to have a drink and chat with friends on the patio.  Enjoy!
5	Had the Chicago stuffed pizza and it was great!  Definitely worth waiting for.  We also shared a large dinner salad and it was really good and if you like spicy try the chipotle ranch dressing.  We sat outside and the weather was really nice and the tables were not too crowded together.  Our waiter was very attentive and brought sodas before we were finished as well as checking on us just enough to not be annoying.  Overall I would be a regular if I lived here but since I don't I'll just have to make a point of going every time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Love the Big Rig. Servers are very friendly...and the meatballs are delicious!
5	Oregano's has upbeat and attentive young servers - servers who actually seem happy to be there!  This always is a plus in dining out.Our delicious thin crust pizza with sundried tomatoes, pepperoni, mushrooms, (your choice of toppings) was one of the best I've had in the valley.  I loved the chicken Caesar salad which was superior to most -  it was topped with pulled chicken, shaved parmesan slices and a tangy Caesar dressing.Oregano's is a comfy upbeat restaurant with great service and great food - an excellent time was had by all!
5	The food here is amazing! Pure Italian food freshly cooked. If you love amazing food that's a bang for your buck then this is your place. I recommend the Spaghetti with sausage and for desert their cookie with Ice cream
5	Great food. Great service. Mark went out of his way to make sure we were taken care.
4	Yum! The food at all Oregano's is always delicious and I'd have to say the same about this location. Both the food and service is good here. It is very consistent with other locations.It also is consistent with most other locations in parking - or lack there of. Unfortunately, this is just something you have to take with most locations.Otherwise, great place to go! You can usually get two meals out of your entree, too!
5	I have never been disappointed at Oregano's. My friend and I were going there about once a month for a year and a half while we were in school. I had never been here so she introduced me. I have now been there several times and this is my favorite of the locations. The tasters I've tried are the toasted ravioli espaniol, boom dip, guaca tony, and Lawrence's stuffed mushrooms.  The ravioli is divine with a nice kick in the cheese and the marinara is my favorite of all of the the marinaras I have tasted.  The boom dip is rich and creamy and the chips are actually a thin crust pizza with cheese on top, there are no words to describe how absolutely wonderful it is.  The guaca tony has the same thin crust pizza to smear guac on and from what I hear the guac is phenomenal, stupid allergies prohibit me tasting.  The stuffed mushrooms are more of a meal than a taster and are a lot meatier than I had imagined but was rich and delicious.  If you get tasters just know that they are huge and that if you plan on dessert it is important to have plenty of people to share with unless you plan on not eating lunch/dinner. In regards to the wings my husband has thoroughly enjoyed the wings of fire and says that they are a different kind of hot more black pepper than hot sauce hot.  He says that they were surprising but that they were a good change.  The salads are like everything else on the menu huge and a little different.  The Julius Caesar has a dressing that is Caesar with a little bit of a different kick.  I normally ask for extra dressing but there was flavor in every bite.  When you add chicken it is finally sliced and you can never get a bite without the chicken, I usually share this with my daughter because it is just to big for one person.  My husband has said that the big beefstro and the antipasto thing are both the best salads he has ever had.  This is high praise since he tends to not like going out.  Every time we have gone out since he compares every salad he comes in contact with the salads from Oregano's and so his taste for other salads has become ruined.  My father-in-law says that the southwestern shrimp caesar is better than he ever imagined.  The shrimp was so tasty that even I liked it and my daughter started trying to steal salad.  We have tried two of the sandwiches sort of on accident.  The Italian stuffed and the fresh grilled Italian sausage.  My mother-in-law meant to order the fresh grilled Italian sausage but accidentally said the Italian stuffed and when it came out she said it was delicious but that she wanted the sausage and mentioned it to the waitress.  The waitress reordered the sausage sandwich and wrapped it up for her to take home and didn't even charge us for it.  I think this really says something about the level of customer service that I have seen every time we go.  We all tasted both and my mother-in-law who is rarely impressed has suggested this place numerous times based on this, oh and dessert. The pizzas are great. I normally don't like the thin crust but feel that they pack a lot in. I read in a review that the Aunt Margarita had no flavor which I thought was odd. It definitely isn't as greasy as some of the pizzas but it has some darn good flavor. The tomatoes are always done just right to give you that juicy tomato quality.My daughter always gets the pasta with the pesto sauce.  She loves the pesto and enjoys the pesto penne bake.  I truly love the ziti since it is flavorful and huge enough for three meals.  I don't really like their Alfredo the dark but it isn't the worst alfredo that I have had.  For dessert I have only ever had their pizza cookie and don't see any reason to change this in the future.  I have had pizza cookie at many places but non that are even close to as yummy as the ones her at Oregano's.  You will definitely find me at an Oregano's again soon.
3	I really like the food here. I don't love all of it, but the service has always been great for me. The sweet potato fries and red pepper aoli are delish and I really like the calamari too. The pizza is a must! I also love the tropical iced tea and cheeky servers tees.Bottom line: Any place that plays Louis Prima and has a cozy patio is A-okay with me!
3	Everyone likes good Italian food, but not everyone likes pretentious places like Carraba's, or even that horrid Olive Garden. Come as you are, and enjoy some good pie. I like a good deep dish, and Oregano's doesn't disappoint. Get something like Gorgonzola and you'll thank me later! Just aim for the less traditional toppings and you'll be alright. I haven't had much of the entrees, but the portions are generous and the quality for many the same as you'll find at other chain Italian eateries.The drinks are hit or miss. Order the frozen bellini, it's amazing no matter what the season!  It's not the most original or tantalizing Italian fare, but Oregano's gets the job done. In style. Give it a try.PS-Service improved greatly. Guest services was waaaay nicer than they had to be. Never turn down a place that cares about your experience!
5	The best pizza, service and dessert ever! I am addicted to Guacatoni!!!!
4	I've always enjoyed Oregano's. Who doesn't like their pizza and pasta dishes or their pazooki (i always share the half and half)?!But recently, I found my favorite dish ever and will order it every time I go. After I realized how much I enjoyed it, I found out it's the healthiest thing on the menu! Or at least that's what someone told me. Either way - the Big Beefstro Salad is what I will be ordering from now on. It's filled with shaved rib-eye, jalapenos, sweet onions and a sweet serrano dressing atop the greens.Oh, and sometimes I like to indulge in the Dirty Monkey - it's delicious, but strong.
5	From the appetizers, to salad, to sandwiches, and pizza a great place we miss, but visit 3-4 times a year when passing through or visiting Phoenix. Best in the summer months with outdoor dining. Wish they had one in our California beach areas.
5	I am from California and all I got to say is this place is the bomb. Garlic bread is awesome and so was the cheese stuffed pizza! I have never had a pizza with so much cheese!
3	First time here today.  We had a party of 9 and called ahead and still waited 45 minutes for a table, then were seated outside under the heat lamps, so had to ask twice to get them turned off.  Finally got the orders taken, a few of our party had their orders in 10 or 15 minutes.  I ordered the big slice and a garden salad.  The salad arrived quick and was warm, it had obviously been out a while.  It took the pizza another 30 minutes to arrive, and I was getting ready to leave without it.  The pizza was pretty good but nothing spectacular.  The food was decent and I would eat it again, but the disorganized service needs some work, especially during lunch when people are on a time-limit.  There were 4 servers on the patio, and they seemed clueless as to what was going on.
5	This place is always crazy busy! For good reason. I haven't had a bad thing on the menu. Their pizza is magnificent. A bit priecy however for the size. Especially the personal pizza which is way too overpriced to be a single person's meal. The pasta is what I usually get. The Big Rig Pasta is my favorite followed by the pesto drink. The sandwich menu is great for lunch withe The Italian Sausage being my favorite.Come early to get a table since they don't take call aheads or reservations. Indoor seating is nice but a bit noisy, but outside is heated and lovely all the time. The bar is nice here to sit at especially with small parties with always quick and available seating. Come here for good food.
2	I've tried time and time again to like this place, but the pizza ,,,hmmm..is mediocre at best...the pazookie ice cream cookie is great and so is the atmosphere..
4	WINGS OF GOLD!!!!I feel that this is all that I have to say about thos place...but I won't.You must trying the wings of gold. They are these like honey mustard wings that are perfectly fried and covered in the sauce. Some times I think that they use big chicken for their wings cause they are that big. If you go during lunch you can get pizza and a drink for a pretty good price. Their pizza is pretty tasty too. Don't like pizza, they also have pasta. The big rig pasta which is one of my farovites. Laso the cheesy garlic bread is MMMMM good too. I always come back to this place, mainly for the wings but for everything
4	This place is great.  The wait to get in is always long but it is worth the wait.  The chicken wings are the best I've ever had.  The service was great and their pizza is also wonderful.  You have to try this restaurant if you haven't.
4	I have to admit, as someone who used to live in Chicago, and has eaten my fair share of Chicago-style pizza, I was ready to hate on a Chicago Pizza Joint in Phoenix. Despite my doubts, we decided to take our friend's advice and try this place. We rolled up on a Sunday night, and there was 45 minute wait which seemed to be a good sign.Once we were finally seated, we were served by the peppiest server I have ever had in my life. Seriously, ever. At one point, when I asked for a refill on my water, she took my glass and SQUEALED, "Water! Yay!" Never have I felt so affirmed in my choice of beverage! Thanks, peppy server.As for the pizza, it was so, SO good. Deep dish, perfect crust, juicy tomatoes. No hating necessary--this is a Phoenix pizza joint that's worthy of the Chicago label! If we ever make it back to Phoenix, we will definitely stop back at Oregano's!
5	The food was excellent. We had wings, salad and calamari. Very very good. The service was also great. GREAT FOOD AND GREAT SERVICE= 5 STARS. We live in the west side and would drive to come to this place!!! The waiters Michael and Keith was were excellent!!
4	The pizza here is great. I recommend pepperoni and banana peppers!
5	Awesome service waitress was awesome and brought a friend here he loved it =) 2/26/2012
5	I could write a big long review and list every detail, but let me just give it to you straight and simple...Best wingsExcellent pastaGreat PizzaAmazing Garlic breadGreat sandwiches Ridiculous Service! (in a good way!)What more could you really ask for???I would drive all the way from Cali to have some of this stuff again! Amazing!
5	I love this place, less sodium in the food is the only critique?
4	Please Oreganos, come to Cali!!! I love this place sooo much. Everytime we come to Phoenix for spring training, I salivate knowing what's coming up...OREGANO'S!!!We always have a bigger party when we come and they do everything they can to accomodate us. This last time, we screwed up and gave the wrong number of people and when they tried to sit us, we didn't fit so we had to wait a little longer for another table. The manager came out to us and gave us a free appetizer (fried ravioli with jalapeno cheese...WOW!!). He didn't have to do that since it was our mistake. But, another great reason why I love this place besides the amazing food. The ambiance is great. It reminds me of an old 50's italian joint.They have your basic Italian food...lasagna, noodles, pizza. Ill stop there. Pizza. Yummo. They have thin, pan and thick crust. We ordered the thin and it was perfect. Can't complain and this is our go to place. **Only reason they are getting four stars is the parking and wait. It can get a little long for the wait so don't come hungry...you will get grumpy (MEEE). Parking sucks too so you will have to find a spot on the street somewhere (this location is not in the greatest areas of Phoenix so lock your car).
2	The food was great but the service left a bad taste in our mouths. First of all, I'm no diva and do my best to be nice to people and not sweat the small stuff. I've been a manager and know how tough this kind of work can be. That said the experience here was pretty awkward and uncomfortable. Upon arriving and not seeing a huge crowd, we were told that it would be an hour and fifteen minute wait. We said ok, we'd like to check the bar. She rudely told us that it was full and gave my fiance the stink eye when he left. I trusted her and waited for him to come back. While I was waiting I overheard a surly exchange between the hostess and customer. "What's the difference between this bar and the one inside?"Answer: "This one is outside and that one is inside"Seeing the realization on her face that she was being rude, she "politely" added that the one outside had a different bartender too. "What time do you close?"Answer: Basically a lot of complaining about customers coming in late which was code for "I hate staying late". Really not cool. Really bad for business. Anywho... seeing as my fiance wasn't back I guessed correctly that he scored us some bar seats. And there were two more down a ways. Full my ass. It was like she was trying to turn away business so she could leave early. It was only 8pm too!Enter bartender... or ID Nazi. My fiance is 33 and rarely, if ever carded. No biggie, but the guy was kind of abrupt and not friendly. He then had a really awkward interaction with a girl that worked there. He was reprimanding her but did it in a very rude way. Not what I want to see. It took forever for us to put in our order and after we got our food and another employee came to sit down next to us we got the full brunt of bad juju at the restaurant. Apparently they've fired two managers recently and are going to clean house some more. Seriously. Keep your business inside your back room. I don't want to hear about it while I'm trying to relax. Customer service here needs a kick in the pants!PS: Tell your people to stop yelling at customers on the way out to "have a great night, thanks" because it is so insincere that it is worse than saying nothing at all.
5	I love this place! Been to a few different locations and the pizza is always excellent. Yesterday, my boyfriend stopped by the Camelback and 10th St. location and picked up pizzas to take home (he called in advance, as the pan pizza takes at least 30 min). I had a veggie, tomato, basil, garlic, and he had a meat combo-pepp and sausage. So delicious. The only complaint he had was the parking situation there. It is kind of tough, but well worth it. I absolutely recommend Oregano's!
3	Good food, pass on the staff attitude.  We ordered the Chicago stuffed pizza on Sunday evening.  The waiter pushed us to order an appetizer or salad and this was after we asked for suggestions on the 10 or 12 inches.  After suggesting what size he thought I could handle, even though there was two of us at the table, we went with the ten.  Apparently I can handle ten with no problem?  Not sure what he was referring to on the size, it seemed like a pointed comment with innuendo towards myself.  He told us it would be 40-45 minutes.  After a nice conversation, with my friend at the table, we asked on the time as it seemed like it had been at least 45 minutes.  When we asked the waiter then quoted I stated it would be up to an hour.  Hmm, 15 minute grace period?  My friend being a Taurus, fired at him to check on the status.  He then came out and told me it was almost ready.  He then brought it out and quoted the time it took 49 minutes.  Food was great, I learned a lesson in time and apparently sizes.  I'm hoping he was not a representation of the staff as I'll pass on that.
4	This place lived up to the hype.  I had the pleasure of eating their pizza at a friends house after a move, but have not actually gone in to view the menu.  My wife and I went during lunch and were impressed upon leaving.  The food was delicious and there was plenty of it on each dish we ordered. We shared a pitcher and started with the artichoke dip, which was served with soft flat bread instead of mouth roof tearing crostinis, great dip.  I had the Italian sandwich, which I finished the following day for lunch at work, delicious again.  My wife had the lunch pizza slice, great quality and even greater price.  Nothing disappointed food wise.The service was a little slow, but I believe they were astonished at the drop in business due to the end of spring training and did not know what to do with so many servers on.  This will not deter us from returning, see you soon Oregano's.
3	Amazing and spectacular are two words I wouldn't really use to describe Oregano's; however, they are a decent choice for those of you that like huge portions at an A-OK price. You can get in and out for lunch or dinner for somewhere between $9 - $12 a person and you can generally stretch this into two meals. (closer to $5 a meal)The food is not bad, but in a city that has so much quality food to choose from, why settle for " mehh :/ " if you don't have to?Service can be hit or miss, and on the few occasions I've been here was a long wait. Expect about 20 - 30+ min before your seated during the lunch hours. If you're here by yourself, you can slide up to the bar usually to get in and out quicker. If you're purely looking for the most quantity for your $, you've found a gem. I would try to find somewhere else if you are looking for a closer to authentic Italian restaurant.
4	Our experience from start to finish lasted over 2 hours.  Needless to say, after an hour of waiting, I told my husband, "This place better be damn good."  And it was.It must have been prom night, hence the long wait; however, seeing how they had so many benches for people to sit at while they waited to be called, they are probably busy every night.  The hostess even came up to us to see if we wanted anything to drink.  We weren't even charged for our iced tea.After an hour of waiting, we finally got seated and our server was nice, informative, and tended to our needs in a pretty timely fashion.  He didn't even mind that our 14 month old daughter kept tugging at his belt.  We ordered the honey mustard wings and sweet potato fries as starters and they were delicious.  The chicken wings were a little on the "too fried" side but I think that's relative to your own palette.  The flavor was awesome.  The sweet potato fries was delectable.  Definitely tasted like they were using "fresh oil" to fry the fries instead of "old oil".  That's always a good thing.We ordered a 10" Chicago style deep dish with sausage and pepperoni.  O.M.G.  That's all I can say about it!!  It was awesome!!  I could only eat one piece, however, b'c I was so full!  Our dishes definitely came out slow but our waiter did inform us of this beforehand so we weren't disappointed about it.  Besides, you can rush good pizza, right?!I don't know how busy they are any other time of the day but we got there around 4:30pm on a Friday and waited an hour to get seated.  I definitely recommend coming here to try out their food but if wait is a concern, make sure you call ahead to see if they are busy!I want to emphasize the really great service.  We were asked how our meal went, our waiter was really nice, and we were given a warm good-bye, too!!  Thanks for a great experience Oregano's!
3	Oregano's tried to kill me by putting me in a food coma.Yes, the value is off the charts. The amount of food you get for the price is ridiculous. You can easily make one meal stretch into three or four. And it all tastes good.The service really irked me though. I had  never eaten at an Oregano's before, so I didn't really know the deal, but apparently everything on the menu (except salads) takes approximately 35-55 minutes to cook. Uh, seriously? Our lunch (six women and 1 baby) took over TWO HOURS!? That's just insane. When someone would order something our server would say "You DO know that takes about 45 minutes, right?" uh... No actually I didn't. Thanks for making me look like an idiot though.We had appetizers, then salad, then pizza and entrees. We mostly shared everything because of the portions and time to cook, but the server never offered to clear our steady growth of dirty plates, and when we asked him to clear them, he didn't bring new plates or silverware. And when he did finally clear some things, he held the plates over the baby's head... I mean Jesus Christ, have some awareness! Yeah the food was good, but is it worth the time or the crazy amount of calories? No.
1	I wish I could give it 0 stars. This place is overrated at its best. The food is GROSS and Bland. Pizza, gross.cheese bread, gross.pesto pasta bread bowl, gross.wings, gross.staff, awful.
4	Minus one star for the amount of time it took. We got there just before the lunch rush, and it still took awhile. I sat out on the patio, so I can't comment on the interior, but I LOVED that they had misters outside. Nice touch, Oregano's.Menu was HUGE!! Pizza's, pasta's, sandwiches. I went with the midday rush, $2.99 for a slice of pizza, $0.79 for extra toppings. My "slice" of pizza was actually two large slices. What a value! I loved the thin crust. I added the caesar salad for $2.29 - very good. Not fishy at all. Their garlic bread was delicious as well. I wish we'd have tried the garlic CHEESE bread. Our server even offered me a refill to go. Nice touch.
4	Another good dining experience.  Dianne was our server and did not disappoint.  We went in the middle of lunch (I don't know why) around 12:15, and despite 100 degree temp we sat on the patio at the bar.  It was warm, but the shade and misters helped.We shared a "slice," which is 2 pieces, and some wings.  We usually prefer the wing of the wings over the drums, but did not have that option.  The wings were fantastic!  The medium sauce was the perfect heat.  We washed this down with a couple of cold beers and left again with a smile.Thank you Oregano's.
5	Been coming here for almost a year now. I've had every pasta dish and the thin crust pizza. Everything was so good. Make sure to get an order bruschetta for an appetiser. That really makes the whole meal for me. On the service end, I've never had bad service. Sure, the parking situation is a joke and this place is always hopping, but MAN it is so worth it. If you want good Italian food, come to Oregano's.
5	AWESOME FOOD!!!  I don't know why I've been in AZ 11yrs and this is my 1st visit  here. AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME FOOD!!!
4	The Cheese literally oozes out of the Stuffed Deep Dish pizza onto the table... Literally!  If you love Cheese, You will love there stuffed deep dish!  Although the deep dish pizza's take 40-50 min. to cook, it is certainly worth the wait.  I suggest trying spinach dip while you wait.Service was great, can't wait to go back again.
4	Good pizza. Fun atmosphere. Consistent.
3	Went on a Wednesday night with family and to sum up my experience: meh.We ordered our food consisted of the baked pesto pasta (which was good, not spectacular spectacular) and the little cousins wanted the ridiculous 20 dollar holy-mother-of-pizza-pies and the server asked if this was our first time here and warned us that it would take 45 minutes. Why no, I did not know that, but thanks for pointing out that I am a certified noob here at Oreganos. My stomach almost screamed 'Ohnoyoudidnt' and my hand immediately snatched back the menu, going straight for the appetizers. The boom dip was pretty good, and for four people was enough. Probably my favorite dish of the night since I could actually taste chunks of artichoke unlike the usual artichoke dips that taste like I paid 10 bucks for 0.20 cents of straight melted mozzarella. For some reason, the server decided to torture us by serving both the pasta at the same time as the pizza even though we asked her not to. After an arduous hour of waiting where I was ready to part the crowd like Moses and run to Cherry Blossoms instead, the monster came and all I could see was a pile of cheese and oil dripping off the pan. I may be a fatty, but this goes beyond Paula Deen-'buttah'-level. The cousins and I all agreed that we could have gone to pizza hut, had the same delicious pizza, and eaten 5 more boxes in the time we waited.Then, the little cousins wanted desert and they wanted the pizookie. I wish the waiter had warned us AHEAD of time that it was going to be another '15-esque minutes' but jk it's actually 25 minutes after ordering. By the time it got to our table, we were all too full and tired of being at a restaurant for so long. For a restaurant that's so small, you would think the food would come faster, or at least they would train their servers to be more careful about warning customers about the time it takes for certain foods to come out like other restaurants.
4	The "Big Rig" Pasta calls my name more often than I'd like. Living close to this much delicious pasta and deep dish pizza is rough on the waist line. Always great service, especially outside at the bar.
2	I have been to other Oregano's locations (South Tempe, Downtown Tempe and South Chandler) and have always had a very good experience.  This time I visited the Oregano's on Camelback and was pretty disappointed.  There were four of us at lunchtime.  Had to park on the street because the small lot was full.  No worries, that does not bother me really.  We were seated pretty quickly.  Ordered Lawrence's Original Pizza (my favorite there) as well as an Antipasto salad.  The pizza was good but took forever to arrive.  The salad was terrible and I had been so looking forward to it.  I may give them another chance at this location, but there are so many interesting places on my list to visit, it will probably not be for a long time.
3	Who doesn't like Oregano's? I mean the food is super tasty but the only thing that sucks is that 90% of the menu takes about an hour, even appetizers. Went in one time for pizza, was told it would take 45 min to an hour and we decided to skip it. Second time we went in, for lunch, all three of us got salads, but were super hungry so we wanted to order the stuffed mushroom app (seemingly the only somewhat healthier choice) and were told it would take 45 min for those since they were baked. Skipped it too then. The food here is good, no complaints, it's just kind of ridiculous to have to place your order over the telephone and wait a bit before you go out to eat. At that rate why not just get it to go?
3	We stopped in for some togo pizza and salad on our way to the parents house a few nights ago. O's was on the way and I remember always having good pizza from there. It wasn't too expensive either, $30 or so for two 14 inchers and a large Cesar salad. We got a Hawaiian and a simple peperoni. Both were tasty, not out of this world, but good. The Cesar was very good, love the dressing. We also had a cocktail while we waited for our order. It was a little difficult to get a drink, the bar was packed so we flagged down a waitress to take our order, took a few minutes, but finally we got our drinks. I got a Bellini, looked amazing! tasted good too, but it was strong so I couldn't finish it, as our food arrived a few moments later. In the past I remember them having great salads and very yummy aps, like the BOMB dip and cheese bread, a few walked by us and I seriously regretted not order them to go as well. A few tips, if you are going for dinner get there with time to spare and have a cocktail on the patio while you wait for your table, they pretty much always have a wait, but the misting system out there is nice. Also, the cookie dessert is amaze-ballz! Get one for sure! Order it early though, it takes awhile to make.
4	This place is a great local family Italian restaurant. Great food, great prices, great service.
2	The food is good. Even the sandwiches. However recently something seems a miss. My big rig pasta was not up to par.  Noodles were doughy and chewy and clearly different sized than the old method. The chicken was in huge chunks vs the old shredded style.  Sauce watery but still spicy.  Disappointing since this is a place you are willing to wait for.  Staff is also so young and distracted with one another at camelback location. You feel a bit like your cramping their style. They are busy gossiping and making their after work plans so when they turn to attend to you with the over the top smiles and same question they asked only moments ago, it's a little annoying. Kid friendly.  Long waits. But now inconsistent food... Drops a notch for me. I'll give it another try before I take these guys our of my rotation.  We usually get take out anyway.
5	Customer service ..food everything about this place is good had the stuffed pizza ..also for dessert i recomend the pizza cookie ..if you try it you will want to go back!
4	i used to come here all the time with my family, right after work we'd head over here for some delicious pizza and AMAZING salad! Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad. was sent from heaven, one thing. I haven't actually had it since I became vegetarian a couple months ago, but the salad without chicken would not be a miss!! You may be curious to know why we haven't been here in so long, well just ONCE we saw a cockroach on the wall that grossed us out, and that's why this place loses a star. Other than that, I recommend it without a doubt. Thin crust pizza is way better than the deep dish here!
4	Try the deep dish, the smallest size can easily feed 3-4 people, it's SOOO think and yummy.  Great staff and food, what more can you ask for?
4	UPDATE: 8/28/12:Oregano's customer service was in touch with me right away and really tried to make sure that I was looked after.Interestingly, it was again pointed out to me that the owner, the guy who founded Oregano's DID NOT SELL THE CHAIN.  He still owns it, he merged it (my word) with another outfit....but that he cares what goes on in his restaurant.  Kristen, the customer service representative was thoroughly professional and made me feel like my business mattered. Look, what happened, happened.  But these folks truly went out of their way -- IMMEDIATELY -- to let me know that what happened that night wasn't acceptable to me as a patron and to them as a company.  I appreciate that.The product at Oregano's has NEVER been the problem.  I enjoy their food a lot  So, it seems to me that 1 star, now, isn't really fair.  Sheesh!  I wish there were 1/2 stars...gotta bump them up.  3 too low, 4 too much...gotta bump them up.My original review:I understand that the restaurant business is quite fluid, always changing, no two nights are alike, blah-blah-blah.  But these guys make ordering a pizza a challenge.  They may say I'M the challenge but that would be wrong.  I'm the customer.  Their customer.I order a large stuffed.  That's $25.  I asked for extra sauce.  She brings out the pizza and says it's $40.  I hand her my card because I (incorrectly) assume that's the pizza AND a glass of wine.  But no.  For two 6 oz containers, they charged me $15.  Fifteen dollars!!  The pizza was $25 and we had to get a manager involved to remedy the situation.  He "let me go" for the pie, sauce and wine for $40.  The manager, by the way, was quite douchey about it and he gave me NOTHING.  I PAID STRICTLY RETAIL.  But he acted like I was a real problem.  Hey, no problem, pal, I got 3109 OTHER pizza opportunities in Phoenix without ya.And don't let me forget the peach tending the bar.  Too involved in her own conversation(s), I finally had to ask, her, "What does a guy have to do to get a cocktail in this joint?".  I got the wine alright, after begging, but she was off to the right looking for a non-existent tip amidst the manager-infused commotion.   No thank you.  (BTW, one of the conversations was with a pretty nice young man, who, he told me, used to work at Oregano's.  Told me that he was fired for moving a table of people from to another.  Really?  They fired a waiter for that?  Sounds a little punitive, doesn't it?  Look, I should have just taken the pie and left.  But I want sauce on the side.  Sauce on side, not an outrageous or inordinate request, is it?  Been doing it all my life...AND IT WASN'T A PROBLEM AT OREGANO'S IN THE PAST!!!  They would do it all the time; even the founder would give me extra sauce. Can't go back to this place after that "mishagas" last night.  It's just too much work.  The problem is, it's a good pie.  Just not worth the hassle.
5	Best meatball sandwich! Rivals my mommas. Worth it!
3	One of the things I love about this place is the outdoor seating in the cooler months.  I also love the Bellini, Toasted Ravioli, and Rosemary-Chicken Pizza.There IS room for improvement, however.  The takeout "system" they are using has caused me to go somewhere else more than once.  I don't think that having certain pickup "windows" for loyal customers is a sufficient way to reward them, especially at that price point.Oregano's, you have a LOT of good competition (especially in Central Phoenix) so you may want to rethink the way you are treating customers.  I'm going to try you out again soon so we'll see how things go from there.
3	Not to bad. Been here several times but have to say the food is consistent. Today I ate light but they do offer perfect size helpings for the price. A friend and I split a small thin crust pizza and medium wings. We had plenty of leftovers after-wards. I have to say the price point is not bad. I just feel the pizza was kind of bland. For some reason it was missing something. The wings were great made perfect.I dined outside and had no wait. I was immediately greeted as soon as I walked up to the hostess stand. As soon as I sat down the waitress came by to gather my drink and appetizers. I did not get an appetizer this time. The food came out quickly and the follow up from the waitress was great. The waitress and other wait staff did a good job waiting tables. I notice them working with other tables. Everyone seemed very happy. I will dine again but will order a different type of Pizza. This restaurant has a variety of different options to choose from.
1	I gave this place a second try because i figured maybe we got all the wrong stuff the first time. Also because my friends are always raving about this place. So we went back to try the deep dish and waited over 45 minutes for a table (what a waste) and after ordering and praying it was gonna be as amazing as everyone says it is, it was....DUSGUSTING!! I barely finished one slice. This place is SO OVERRATED. I think food out of a garbage  just might taste better. All I know is if I had the option to eat at this place or the gargage, garbage would be my solid number one choice.
5	Back when I lived in Phoenix this was one of the only places I bothered with eating at. Started by a Chicagoan who moved to Phoenix, they get deep dish right and make just about everything else in the style of delicious. I was in town last week to hike the Grand Canyon and stopped in. Man, I miss their food. Thank God I live in Chicago and can get something similar! Be warned though. Their food is BIG.
3	Arrived at 11:05 and there was a line waiting to be seated.  Not sure why they don't seat people since there were tables on the patio open and once we were seated inside there were at least 6 empty booths and tables.  When we walked inside there was a really unpleasant fish smell but it seemed to subside.  Service a little spotty and it took a while for the food to arrive. We always get the Anti pasta salad and a pizza.  The salad was really good and the pizza tasty though it was slightly soggy in the middle pieces. Our server asked us if we wanted desert when she brought us the pizza which seemed liked she wanted us to eat and get out.  Overall it was okay and I would probably go back but I would not wait in any line to get in.  There are too many other choices out there to pay for an ok experience.
5	There's no end of fancy schmancy pasta places out there, with the accompanying fancy schmancy price.  Even when they're not so fancy, you still are left wondering why you're paying so much money for a bowl of something that's essentially noodles with a spiced tomato and onion sauce poured on top of it.Look, I LOVE my Italian food, and I certainly like visiting the Old Spaghetti Factory as well as Babbo's on occasion, but even these places leave me thinking that their price is a bit inflated.  It left me wondering whether or not there was a "cheap pasta place" out there--a joint that would serve up a decent noodles and sauce for a price that I would expect for noodles and sauce.Oregano's--this is IT!  If all you're looking for a simple bowl of pasta like Nonna used to make, you need to order the "Bollo Pasta" from this place.  It's bottomless, and the dinner version is $6.99.  The marinara is a little spicy (Southern Italian style), but really great.  If you're hungry, your $6.99 will get you as much as you want until you're ready to unbuckle your belt and go to sleep.This is the best bang for your buck Italian that you will find in the Valley, hands down.  Is it the absolute best pasta taste?  No, but for a few bucks, you can get satisfying pasta 'till you want to basta.Oh, and their pizza is pretty good too.
1	"Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me".  (Just because George W. Bush couldn't get the saying right, doesn't mean I can't.)A few months ago, I yelped about the poor service I got at Oregano's on Camelback, all because I wanted extra sauce both on my deep dish pizza and on the side.  The counte-rgal charged me $15 for a cup of sauce.  Not acceptable.  After I yelped, I was immediately contacted by Oregano's customer service and they assured me this was not part of their policy.  She sent me gift certificates.  Further, she intimated that a management change had occurred.  Well, last night, I was AGAIN being over-charged for sauce -- BY THE VERY SAME MANAGER!!.According to Ron, the manager, a 3 oz cup of marinara is $.99.  The cup I pointed to was a ten ounce cup.  So, to fill that would be "about" $3, right?  WRONG.  But how Ron gets to $10 or $15 for a cup of sauce is beyond me...and it's certainly beyond Ron's mathematical skills.When he offered to charge me a certain amount for the sauce, I said, "No, make it something, a formula, something to rely on in the future".  "YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE", he said, making me feel 'extra special' in a not-so-nice sort of way.  Even if that is true, why berate the customer?  Isn't Ron's job to make feel special...in a positive way?  Not everyone likes the same thing....So, he knew I was the one who had complained earlier.  He must know that Oregano's customer service thought enough of my complaint to contact me to "make it right", but that didn't matter.  Again, he made me feel as though I interrupted his day.  Of course, as a customer, I think I'm the very PURPOSE of his day...me and my $25 for a pizza pie.AND HOSPITALITY?  It's called the "hospitality" business, right?  How was Ron, in any way, "hospitable"?  Answer: he was not.  What a crappy ambassador he is for Oregano's.Fool me twice, shame on me.  Even on its best day, the food isn't good enough for me to have to do a $15 battle for an extra 10 oz of sauce.  Sheesh!
2	We have always had good service but the food is substandard. I have never been wowed by their food except for their pizookie. But it's supposed to be Italian food, how can you mess that up?We only go back because others want us to join them. We never go on our own.
4	Dirty monkey, Baked Ziti, Pizzuki. Great service, great food, love this location. Long waits to be expected.
2	I visited here last Sunday afternoon with my ex-husband.  We ordered a Pan Crust  pizza and were told it would take 45 minutes to an hour.  I was pretty hungry so I also ordered the Shrimp Caesar Salad, that I got a glimpse of as a waiter carried one past us, to nibble on during the long wait for pizza.  The salad was ok....mostly lettuce and dressing.  There were about a dozen nicely seasoned shrimp on it but certainly not enough for size or the cost of the salad.  The pizza was ok too, but it was NOT worth waiting 45 minutes for...nor was the whole meal worth $50.00+ for one 12" pizza, one salad and one iced tea!
5	My friend begged me to bring some Oregano's back to Cali.  I didn't think I'd have time but luckily there was one on the way to the airport.  So after brunch my guy hauled ass to this location and I ordered 2 slices to go and since I was in such a rush I asked them to just put the toppings on it, not to bake it, wrap it up and send it my way.  The waitress gave me a weird look but was totally accommodating and even went in the kitchen to make sure they understood my order.  I got one with mushrooms and spinach and one with sausage and pepperoni.  The pizza "slices" were much larger than I was expecting.  I figured 2 slices would fit in 1 box but no I got 2 slices and 2 boxes.  So with my luggage in tow and 2 boxes of oregano's, I was off to the airport.Baked it the second I got home and it was DELICIOUS!  My friend loved hers too.
3	I have not been to Oregano's in 7 years, and now I remember why.  The pizza is not that great.  I am not a fan of their crust, however my twins are, and that is the only reason why they are ok in my book. I had the margarita pizza, the crust was so bland, the good thing was I ate only two small slices, so I didn't feel bad. I will come back if I am tired of other choices.  The twins ate everything.  My little boy even "thanked" the server for the yummy pizza.  The poor boy has no taste, but what can you do, he is only 4.
5	My absolute favorite "chicago" style pizza. The best thin crust pizza....... ever! I love the super crispy edges of this amazing pizza. This place is usually pretty busy and parking well.. sucks. Definitely plan on being here a little longer than most restaurants you visit. We always order the pizza cookie, formerly known as the pizzookie. It is the absolute best thing in the world. Makes even the most horrible restaurant experience ever, into an epic treat! I will be back again and again.
3	Food is delicious but they take for ever to bring the food. We been waiting for 1hr.
5	I am in love with this pizza. I love the crust! I can't eat cheese or meat so I ordered a veggie pizza without the cheese and it was heavenly! I wish there was one closer to where I live.
1	Waited over an hour to be seated just to see people who got here after us get a table...yeah the girl crossed us off the list for no reason. Noobs at the bar left us waiting to pay for the drinks we got while we were waiting, and then when we finally get seated guess what, it's another hour wait for our pizza.... Could have told us that before the first hour!!! Save yourself the 2 hours of waiting and go to Pizza Hut, you'll be much less dissatisfied. I would give this place zero stars if I could.
4	Oregano's does so much right with their pizza and sauces that it was difficult not to give them five stars, but I am trying keep it real here there are a lot of really good pizza joints in the Phoenix area. Honestly though I think I can rate them higher on their wings than on the pizza, not many places can get just the right amount of crispy and just the right amount of meaty when it comes to chicken wings and for my taste these guys nail it. I give the wings 5 stars hands down I will put Oregano's up against anyone in town for chicken wings. I have tried multiple locations and they are consistent at all three that I have tried. The only thing that is frustrating is that they are always busy and the situation to get a table can be a bit irritating when you have been waiting all week for cheat day...and speaking of cheat day the pizzookie or whatever it is called is super good as well if you are in the mood to pack on about 2500 calories in one meal these guys are one of the best places to blow a clean eating streak.
1	I Love Oregano's, but this specific location is terrible.  The food is not prepared as well as the other locations.  Very Very dissapointed
5	Man, this place is the real deal. I love their wings. We always get a larger Honey Gold. The sauce is a honey mustard, and the way they do their wings along with the crisp of the chicken is amazing. Feel free to ask for more sauce if you want more flavor.We also shared a Numero Uno flat bread. It was good.Can't say anything bad about this place. Food is always consistently good.
1	Got excited about trying this place. We're not big on Pizza but there are other entrees...  not many but some. We figured, well, not a huge selection but maybe they do those few things really great!!  NOOOOOOOOOO.... not the case. I can't say about the pizza... but, we started with a side salad which was excellent - I had such high hopes for dinner!  Shortly there after we received our  Bruschetta Authentico (hmmm... reverse order)...  these was a huge plate of bread and the bruschetta mix. It was bland & tasteless and way too oily.  I live for bruschetta when I go to Italian Restaurants but skip this in the future - we even reread the descriptions a number of times trying to figure out why it was so horrible..... tomatoes were not rip for starters but the spices were just not right.  Now enter what they call Italian Flag Lasagna. It was simply the worst Lasagna we ever had. My dinner companion loves Lasagna and rarely complains about anything. He stopped eating it and pushed it aside as well and I had to ask him if his was as bad as mine was.  We both got it and neither of us could literally "choke it down." The noodles were mush and the entire Lasagna had been obviously pre-cooked and microwaved. Costco frozen lasagna is better than this sorry excuse for an entree.  We basically asked the "manager" if anyone was looking at the items coming out of the kitchen because it simply shouldn't have been served. While they did not charge us for these items it is a sad state of affairs when an Italian place can't figure out lasagna.We decided to strike Oregano's from our dinner list....
5	I love this restaurant! I have been coming here for years. They also have great service. The only thing is that they don' take reservations. It is a first come, first serve basis and that can sometimes be a pain. However, their food makes up for it :)
3	So, I'll I had was the "Fried Calamari"  It was Good not the best I've had but not the worst either. The atmosphere was real nice. If you ever been to Oregano's you know it takes awhile to get your food even when you seat at the bar. I'll go again but not in any rush
4	Sure, it's already known this a great pizza joint offering thin crust culinary delights but what I want to share in this review is their wings.  Whoa!  Definitely worth ordering on every visit.  Crunchy, tangy and slightly sweet - winning combination.   I may begin just going for the wings.  :)
4	Incredible service, great food, and long waits--which are worth it.
5	If you walk out of this place and you are not happy you need to see a shrink.  Probably best people in town (i know people love to debate that).  But if you love BJ's pizza Newport Beach, this is the place to go.  Amazing staff, amazing food, amazing ambience.  You heard it here.  Plan accordingly, the place is packed!!  PS, buy yourself one of their funny shirts (like "Legalize Marinara") as I did.  Classic!!
2	Ok, so i really dont know what the fuss is all about....maybe i just ordered the wrong pizza, my fiance ordered two blue moons and a deep dish pepperoni, sausage,  mushroom and bacon pizza because we heard it's they're deep dish "SPECIALTY" .....uuuuugh it was awful i could barely eat my slice. It was salty and you could barely taste the marinara sauce and it was waaaay waaaay over priced!!! They put a whole sausage patty on bottom and the dough is hard on bottom....disgusting!!! Not only that but our bill was like 60.00 dollars but we also waited about 45 minutes....so the only things that were good were the wings and the blue moon. I should of went to little caesars lol...
5	Amazing food, amazing service. What else can I say? You may have a long wait, but it's worth every minute of it!
2	The pizza is good.  The pizookie dessert is delicious.  But, I give big dings for the long wait for food (usually after sustaining a pretty long wait just to get a table) and the fact that they refuse to take reservations for large parties making it an absolute nightmare of a wait for a large group to eat there.  For that reason alone, I can't go back.
4	My girlfriend and I came on the 4th of July and had a great time. There was a wait to be seated inside so we opted to dine on the patio. The mist wasn't very strong but we were fine in the heat. We ordered the sproccoli stuffed pizza, unaware that it takes 45-60 minutes to cook. Our waitress, Dru, was extremely friendly and attentive and made sure we were comfortable during our wait. We also got a small dinner salad with house italian. It was delicious and a decent portion. Finally our pizza came. It was huge! (we ordered the 10'). We really enjoyed it, but maybe not for such a long wait. However, our time there was enjoyable and the staff is always very welcoming and helpful.
3	So if you buy a bottle of wine here, their is no presentation.  Apparently all wine tastes the same to these people.  If your gonna sell wine, know how, don't tell me you don't know what the wine tastes like.  Buy the way, I work at a restaurant too.
3	Though the food is wonderful I believe our server was unaware of the menu options since he couldn't repeat a single item ordered back to us properly. In the end our pan pizza was served as a thin crust. The dinner salad, though very large, was rather bland as well. My biggest disappointment though was with the service :-/ he truly had no personality and actually complained about having to serve us outside.
5	Seriously the best pizza I have ever had! My favorites at Oregano's are their Margarita Pizza and their customized deep dish pizza. Super delicious, however plan ahead, because their pizza takes time to cook. I look at this place and see they make all their food with extra love; I am more than willing to wait and pay the price for eating their delicious food. Oh, and leave room for their pizza cookies, super super yummy! :)
5	Why five stars? I wouldn't however what strikes me best about this location Is.....Consistency. sure I've been coming here since they opened.  This is my first review of them. and I'm happy that not only is the food consistently good on this particular night my server ZAC was very good and went above what I expected. This is the first time in years I've been given a cold side plate for my salad. . he's he was considerate enough to bring a cold side plate... how many times can you count thata server has done that?Zac was cordial considerate and still like a ghost when he had to be..example,My drinks for me and my friends were refilled and I didn't even see him do it.haha nice very nice...Any way the food is good consistently and servers helpful
1	Not so great.  The hot wings were not good. The flavor was bland and had hardley any sauce.  I had the stuffed numero one-o that tasted very bland and had too much cheese so it melted on my plate. The person next to me had the thin crust which looked pretty good. The wait was extremely long which eould have been okay if food had been worth it. On top of it all it was a little pricy for pizza. I would not recommend this place.
5	To be able to say that everything you've ever eaten at a restaurant has been fantastic is quite a statement, however I can honestly say that about Oregano's. I fell in love with this place from the first time I ate there and I've never looked back. I've tried a lot of pizza in my 27 years here as a Phoenix native, and this place probably has the best pizza in town. The Italian Gold wings are to die for, the kick butt garlic bread is unlike any garlic bread you'll find anywhere else, and the drinks and desserts are both unique and fantastic. Add a friendly, upbeat wait staff to these things, and you have a dining experience that will keep you coming back. Be prepared to wait, especially on Friday or Saturday evenings, because it is a popular place. However, it will be worth the wait, every single time.
2	Usually a huge fan of this place, in fact it's one of the only chain restaurants I'm a big fan of but tonight was pretty disappointing. Food was good, service was terrible. Feeling rushed the 35-40 minutes we were there was not very accommodating. I had to ask 3 times to give us a few minutes to look at the menu, this all being in the first two minutes we were there. Dinner came and as soon as our plates were delivered we were asked if we were going to have a pazooki and what kind so our server could put in our order right away. Even after saying we wanted to eat our dinner first she insisted on putting it in because it takes 10 minutes. I actually like to enjoy my food and the people I'm with when going out to eat. The whole experience was rude. Will not be back at this location again.
4	Wow, so the food here is pretty good, but the wait is silly.  I mean it, silly.  We ordered a pizza and the waiter immediately asked us if we knew it was at least 45 minutes for a thin crust and an hour for a deep dish?  Huh?  What in the name of God takes that long to assemble a pizza?  I can *almost* understand the long wait on a deep dish simply because of the cooking time, almost.  But 45 minutes for a thin crust (we're talking a crust so thin it's almost like a huge circular Saltine cracker) is friggen ridiculous.  Sorry, Oregano's, but that is just too long.So rant about the ridiculous wait time aside, the food here is actually pretty good, and they can make a side of calamari like nobody's business.  It's delicious.  My toddler and I mowed through a serving of calamari and had enough to take home to snack on the next night.  I also had a mojito and it was very good, crisp, refreshing and yummy.  And as far as the pizza goes it was very good, and my husband throughly enjoyed it.  It was just the right amount of cheese and the crust was perfect.  Good pizza, awful wait.   Like my last sit-down dining experience this waiter also somehow managed to completely ignore the presense of my toddler and I finally had to ask him to get us a cup of water for her.  Rant Alert!  I seriously do NOT understand why wait staff ignore the babies and small children of paying patrons.  Yes, it's true that my two year old won't be tipping you, or placing a food order, or even mentioning her experience on Yelp, but her mommy sure as hell will, so at least acknowledge that when you take drink orders every living, breathing human being at the table probably needs their own beverage and may need to order their own food too. Knowing the wait on the pizza I got clever and called over our waiter and asked him to put in an order for a pizzokie (sp?) for us, to go.  I explained that I couldn't make my toddler behave much longer and he graciously told me that he didn't mind noisy babies, which was great, except I bet all the patrons around us WOULD mind it if my daughter decided she was done being nice and was ready to start banging the salt shaker on the table while bellowing out 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star' at the stop of her tiny lungs.  ;)  So after some puzzlement at my (apparently odd) request to take dessert to go he finally got it sorted out and we were able to pay and leave with our delicious dessert before the impending meltdown.So all in all this was a nice visit, but that wait time on the pizza needs to be shortened.  Seriously!
5	my wife have been there about 5-6 times since we moved here from just south of Chicago. they have some of the best pizza around and we have a great time every time we go there
2	Oh Oregano's, how shall I rate thee?When my husband and I moved close by, we frequented this location. Or, at least tried to.The parking is INSANE. This is no exaggeration. There is really, seriously no place to park. On several occasions we wanted to eat here and didn't because we had no place to leave the car. I was always very excited to eat here but disappointed once I was there. Everything I ordered was less than awesome. The Pablo Picasso salad was dry, with very little dressing, and way spicier than described in the menu. The Southwestern Shrimp salad is supposed to be on a "bed of fried noddles." Sounds decadently delicious, right? It tasted like cooked and re-dried spaghetti. Literally inedible! The Big 'Ole Vedge sandwich sounds amazing but tastes totally bland, no flavor whatsoever. My husband has given the Italian Wedding soup a few different tries, but finds it is always way too salty. He gives their pasta the general description of "bland"; no matter which one he ordered, they all tasted the same. The only awesome food here is the pizookie cookie. A decadent, AMAZING dessert that, now that I think about it, I can easily make at home for half the cost and none of the hassle. Oh and the wait. An hour, minimum. No exceptions. You will always wait at Oregano's. My husband and I went so far as to CALL to put our names in, WALK to the restaurant, as parking is impossible, and we STILL had to wait nearly an hour! I keep wanting to give them another try, I'm not sure why, but my husband is having none of it.
5	I must suggest the El Diablo Shrimp Pasta. It definitely packs the heat but with tons of flavor. Very authentic. Oh...and it's best washed down with a Sangria Blanco or two ;-)This was my first time at Oregano's. I went with a couple friends for a friend's birthday dinner (at her request).  The service was fast, courteous, & friendly. It has a great family/neighborly vibe with very positive & fun energy of the staff. It does get busy really fast so if you have a large group I would strongly suggest getting there early or making reservations.Be sure to save room for the Pizza Cookie w/Ice Cream.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in AZ! I always crave the pizza, boom dip, cheesy bread, and the pizza cookie. My  mouth is watering just thinking about it. The parking is usually frustrating, and the wait can be long because they don't take reservations, but the food and service are worth it!
5	I realize I'm one of the many 5 star reviews, but my experience was with their takeout service. Couldn't have been more friendly. The food was as good as ever and it was ready right on time. Love oreganos and the people that work there.
1	Was less than impressed when we noticed a patron sitting behind us at the bar with a snake around her neck.  When we spoke to the mgr. all he could say was he didn't know that she brought it in.  And he was doing the best he could to accommodate them with a seat on their outdoor patio.  REALLY, because they should be in your restaurant at all.  We asked him if the board of health would shut them down for this and his response was, "She says it's not venomous."  They were more considerate to the attention seeker with the snake than a paying party of 12.  I followed up with a call to their corporate office and spoke with their area manager.  He plans on coaching that store manager on ways of better handling situations like this.  His empty apologies and hardly gracious $20 gift card will not be getting me back as a customer!
5	The family and I eat here regularly and this place never fails us. The kids beg for the pizza cookie so I use that as leverage for them to clean their rooms when we get home haha. But seriously good food though!
5	Why is it always crowded?  Seems like everyone loves Oregano's.  A varied menu with great choices especially pizzas and sandwiches.  Great service.  Easy parking. A salad is big enough for an entire family!  The server always asks us if we want a traveler for our ice tea.  Sometime to remind you of your dining pleasure on your way home.
5	I love love love their Boom Dip!!! It is to die for!!! Every time I just want one all to myself! They also have Excellent Salads! If you are wondering whether or not to go  here.... The answer is yes!!!
4	I like Oregano's.  I don't LOVE Oregano's but it's not their fault my Mother is from Staten Island and I therefore am genetically predisposed to prefer pizza I can fold.Lance S. and I went here last night to binge before starting a 10 Day "Master Cleanse" fast today.  Something I never noticed before, but highly appreciate, is that their wines by the glass are VERY inexpensive.  Since I made the switch to wine as my exclusive drink of choice a couple years ago, my restaurant bills have pretty much doubled, but at Oregano's I can go drink for drink with Lance and his tall Bud Lights without being the asshole who added $30 to our bill in booze, so that's always good.As I said before, I'm not crazy about their pizza, but their appetizers and salads are delicious, and they have a gigantic cookie on the menu so you can't really go wrong there.  I haven't tried the pasta either, but that's another type of food I have impossibly high standards for restaurants to meet, so I'm probably not the best critic.Basically, Oregano's is a great place that everyone likes.  If you think you don't like Oregano's, there's something wrong with you. You should probably go to Oregano's, get a $5 glass of house white and some apps, and work that out.
5	Some of the best pizza in Phoenix, I take all my friends, family, and visitors here! Never been disappointed! Great thin crust, and deep dish is my hangover cure!  Oregano salad is the best! Cheesy bread is great!  Top notch service, and they always offer me a soda for free with to go orders!
5	TALE OF TWO TRIPSDuring our lengthy stay in PDX one of The Nines Portland (Starwood Hotel) concierge encouraged us as a must try to visit this particular Oregano's Pizza Bistro. He said the pepperoni thin pizza, rigatoni and salad were his very favorite.On our first Sunday evening in Phoenix, we make it priority to have dinner here. He did warn us that it's a very busy place.  So we arrived after 8pm and coincidentally parked right in front of the "welcome" sign. Again the parking gods were looking after us. If's most unusual for us to be offered water while waiting outdoors for our table. As it turns out we eventually get seated outdoor at a bar table for two. This is where we meet our server Lucas along with his manager Jonny (yes, it's not a misspelling).Told them that our PDX hotel concierge had been touting about their entrees. We proceeded to order the following mindful that we're intentionally over ordering and that the servings are huge in portions:- Jr Pablo Picasso Salad- Big Rig Pasta adding two meatballs to this rigatoni dish- Numero One-0 12" thin crust pizzaI think we had to be careful not to attempt to finish everything that was in front of us. It was all very very good. As a welcome to Phoenix gesture, Jonny treated us to their Pizza Cookie Chocolate Chip with chocolate mint Ice cream. By the time we were ready to hit the bed, it was very close to closing time.Note:  The pizza didn't make it past bedtime.  In the meanwhile it was salad and Big Rig for lunch the next day.  My classmates keep looking me as if I was a meal on wheels.OTHER TRIPDidn't know that our class would run so late that it eliminated many of our restaurants we had listed that closed at 8pm and 9pm.  Intentionally we keep a number of them along the 16th Street corridor.So Yu-go chauffeur says let's go back to Oregano's and say hi to Jonny and Lucas.  This time we're seated indoors where its quite cool with all the red and green.  Asked Jonny to recommend something other than what we had tried previously.  This time we're more conscious of portions.- Junior sized Beefstro Salad that's spicy- Clark Street Meat 12" thin crust pizza- Pizza Cookie Chocolate Chip with two different flavors of ice cream (told Jonny that we would buy our dessert this time. He still comped us)When it was all said and done, there was nothing to take back to the hotel.MANGA TALEThe pizza crust is flat bread thin and crispy so that we didn't feel like we were filling up with pizza dough.. Perhaps I would instruct them to cook it for a few seconds longer just to ensure that the crust remained crispy throughout our eating experience. Our personal preference would be the Clark Street Meat and Big Rig Pasta.  Both salads finished tied.A very big thanks to "Aire-Bear" of PDX for this wonderful experience. BTW his favorite is the Big Rig.
5	We had Oregano's cater a party at our home. Jane the head of catering was amazing to work with and the staff  they sent to our home were great. The food was delicious as always and they made the party a hit. Everyone really enjoyed themselves!
4	Fresh food and the service is great 90% of the time.  Only complaint is the frequent wait list.
5	Looove this place!! Service is really good and food is amazing! There is a long wait some days but it's totally worth it!
3	Staff is always friendly. Pizza could use more flavor IMO. Vino bambino salad is awesome!!!
1	Arrogance or ignorance?  I don't know and I don't care.Dec 7th, I got home and considered my options.  A stuffed pizza from Oregano's, God, that sounded SO good. I called at 8:13pm and ordered the pizza.  "You know this pizza takes like an hour" the super-happy server asked.  "Yes I do", I said.At 9:00, I left my place at 20th St. and Missouri Avenue.  7th Street was closed.  ?!!!  Central Avenue: closed.  7th Avenue, closed.  A parade...Oreganos: Thank you for calling Oreganos!Me: Hey, that pizza for Teddy?  Won't be able to pick it up...Oreganos: Why is that?Me: BECAUSE ALL THE STREETS THAT LEAD TO YOUR RESTAURANT ARE CLOSED!!!!!!!!!!  Why wouldn't you tell me that?Oreganos: Oh...I thought that parade would be over by now.  (Laughing) I could 'run it out to you'...oh, just kidding!Literally, while hungry, an entire 90 minutes of my life I'll never get back.  Oreganos didn't know or didn't care...that The Parade of Lights Parade all but closed access to their restaurant.  Fool me over and over again.  All for the love of a stuffed pizza.  Hey!  Oreganos!  I'll come back, at some point.  But my point now is, it'll be 6 months-year from now, instead of one/week.  Any kind of customer service, "Gee, sir, I'd love to get you that pizza but you'll have difficulty getting in here until 9:45", that kind of customer service.So, I could not go south but I could go north. I ate a delicious pizza from the new Rosatti's on 16th and Missouri.  Fabulous!
1	Awful experience this week.  Ordered the Oregano's Favorite salad.  A quarter of the salad was not edible.  Disgusting, rancid lettuce.  After calling over the manager, his response was to say he would check the lettuce supply to make sure no one else would have to endure what I did.HOW ABOUT WHAT I HAD TO ENDURE?  Not even an offer to remake the salad.  Those people just don't care.  Management needs a lesson in customer service.Will never return.
4	Food is great every time along with excellent customer service. Everyone is so enviting, polite, and prompt. I mainly go there for a one of a kind pizza, the BBQ chicken is a good choice it's my favorite, the spinach artichoke dip is to die for with the garlic bread, and of course the famous cookie pizza with a choice of any cookie.
1	I've left a review before saying that I love this place and they have great service!  Boy did my waiter prove me wrong today!! We had the worst service ever! He was rude and never came to ask how we were doing or if we needed anything! He kept passing by but would never come to our table. I was so disappointed!
5	After reading the reviews about the wait I was skeptical about coming here but I tried it anyway. The service was outstanding. Friendly people were all over this place ready for anything. I ordered the potato rosemary pizza. Good pizza isn't rushed. Why are people so impatient. The pizza was amazing. The atmosphere was inviting. I will definitely be going back. Oh yeah. I forgot my card going out to my car, but the waitress tracked me down. The only thing I was thinking was how can I give them a bigger tip.
5	Excellent waiters, nice and clean tables and floor. Good food portions.decent prices. Food is delicious and fresh. Beer was excellent .
5	Went in Nov of 2013 and I must admit this place is addicting! I've always wanted to try a Chicago style deep dish Pizza since I first learned about it on Travel Channel back in 2005! During visit in Phoenix some friends took me to try this place out. They swore up and down that it was good. Reason for being adamant was because I've been to other places and have been majorly disappointed by claims of being so called deep dish when in reality is was bread fluffed up with smeared tomato sauce. I can attest, none of that was evident here. Ordered a pie... LOL... PIe! Kept is simple with Pepperoni and sausage. It was amazing! I felt like every other pizza was blasphemy compared to eating this! Puts everyone else to utter shame! So if your in market for deep dish and happen to be in the city of Phoenix, this is the place! Aside from being in Pizza Heaven, service was great. Our waiter along with other staff worked as a team and made our visit enjoyable. Wait times wasnt horrible as we waited about 10 minutes on a Saturday night and mind you the place was packed. Overall, gave this place a 5 star rating, would most definitely recommend!
5	This place is OUTSTANDING!! It's Oreganos of course! Wait staff always friendly, and the food is superb. HUGE portions. I've never had a bad meal here, nor have any of my guests. Be prepared to wait at least 30-45 min for a table during peak hours, but that's because the food is so good!!
4	Recently we had a take-out of Oregano's pasta Basta and Southwestern shrimp Cesar salad. I'm going to have to say this salad in particular was not my favorite. The pasta dish did not fully satisfy only because adding protein to the dish was disappointing. FYI adding meatballs to your dish means ONE meatball to your dish for $3.50. I repeat- just one. But, not to be discouraged! Pizza here is always comforting! :)
4	Expect a wait especially after 6 on Thurs and Fri. Sometimes an hour or longer. I really like the Boom Dip and Pizookie but I try to go during off times cause nothing's THAT good.
4	This location has a nice patio, but it is too close to parking lot and a bunch of flies make their home out there as well. My salad was huge as usual for a small and I can't recall the name, but it had feta and cranberries I think and then I added chicken for three bucks more. You know what you are getting here and it's usually good and worth the price since leftovers are almost always available.
5	Being from Chicago, I couldn't help but crave deep dish pizza on a regular basis. This place didn't disappoint me at all! Truly Excellent!
5	First time trying this place since moving from California.  We came on a Friday night and the wait was an hour and 30mins. Was a little disappointed but since it was our first time there we decided to stick out the long wait.  While we were waiting they brought out samples of cheese pizza which were fresh out of the oven and super yummy.  After being there for 40 mins they sat us down.  We wanted to try everything since it was our first time there. We ordered the garlic cheese bread, hot wings, antipasto salad, italian wedding soup, bbq chicken pizza, and the margharita pizza! Everything we ordered was soooo good. The salad was so refreshing. The garlic cheese bread was delicious!  The pizza was cooked perfect.  We got the thin crust and it was so tasty. We finished this meal off with the cookie pizza! It was better then the famous pazookie from BJs. This place was excellent!  We wil be back but probaly order take out if it's a weekend night.
5	I'm a regular at this establishment, and always been treated with respect and kindness, great costumer service.
5	Cooookie!!!
5	I love the food here! The pizzas are second to none, the gold wings are incredible, and the pastas are amazing. To top it off, the service here is always awesome. I'm come here anytime I'm in the area. Five stars!!
5	Seriously awesome pizza, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The salads are HUGE! Oh, and don't forget a pizookie!!
4	Service personnel are incredibly polite and always smiling. The food is above average and the biscotti was fantastic. The amount of food was such that there is always some left over to tomorrow's lunch. The interior could use a bit of sprucing up as it is showing its age. Very family friendly, though the music competed with conversation. Overall, it was an enjoyable experience and I would return when in the area.
5	Pasta is amazing. Really well cooked and good portions. Pizza is really good. Huge juicy wings with great flavor. Giant cookie with ice cream is a must.
4	I came here with pretty high expectations. I had heard great things about the pizza and was excited to try things out. The parking at this location is kind of annoying. There is a small lot behind the restaurant and other than that there is a neighborhood you can park in. but make sure you read the no parking signs to avoid getting any tickets. We didn't call ahead or anything so we had to wit 40 minutes for a seat, but it was fine because we just sat at the bar. It was pretty crowded considering it was a Saturday at 6:00. The staff were very friendly and accommodating though. When we were seated I ordered and appetizer, the stuffed mushrooms. We were informed that the deep dish pizza took 40 minutes to make and I wanted something to munch on. The appetizer was super yummy. The sausage was a little spicy for my taste, but still really good. When our meal came out the pizza was definitely the best part. We got both thin crust and deep dish pizza and I enjoyed both. We got a pasta as well and I thought it was just meh. I wouldn't order it again. We got the cookie dough dessert which was also delicious. Overall the meal was super good, and the staff are really nice, but if you plan on coming (especially on a busy night) make sure you have a while to wait.
4	This is really good pizza.  There will be a wait and parking is difficult to find.  But I love, love, love the thin crust pizza here.  My friend always has the lasagna and raves about it, but I have not tried it yet.
3	The food is great service is great but they served my red wine icy cold, really!I'm not a fan of the old old 1950's music very annoying
5	The staff here is always freindly, kind and caring. We get the same food most all the time. Big beefstro salad is what we had. Always made right, always consistent. Big 5 stars.
5	Great food and service. Awesome staff, very Friendly... Ryan. Lots of great choices in food. Yummmmm
3	An Italian chain loved by most of Phoenix, but overhyped.In my experience, the wait for a table is usually an hour or close to it. A cost far too high for the dining experience that is to ensue. Once seated the restaurant has a very interesting theme. It seems like there is a lot of work put into gathering all of the wall decorations. The decorations remind me of something I would expect to see at a TGIF or a Buca di Beppo, another Italian chain.The appetizers we enjoyed all were very good. I would recommend the bruschetta, cheesy bread, and wings. The service on getting us our drinks was very slow and the beer was not very good. The pizza itself was better than most pizza I have here in the valley. Margarita poor and tastes no flavorBoom Dip spinach and artichoke choke and cheese dip on Parmesan flatbreadHey Barry shareable appetizer that was quite good except for the fact it was greasy far too oilyNumero- One-o thin crust pizzaPepperoni mushroom sausage onion green pepperVery greasy needs spices
5	We are visiting from Boulder, Colorado and just had a wonderful experience at the Oregano's Pizza Bistro at 523 W University Dr. on a Wednesday evening.  Parking was abundantly available, and the staff seated us quickly after we arrived.  When we ordered our meal, our waitress explained that the deep dish pizza we ordered would take about 45 minutes to arrive.  We ordered 2 tossed  salads with ranch to tide all 4 of us over until the main course arrived.  The salads were huge and easily accommodated all 4 of us.  The service while we waited was fabulous- water was brought repeatedly, and the waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable when we asked questions about the history of the restaurant.  The pizza arrived in about 40 minutes and was just what we thought it would be- hot, thick and incredible- just the meal we waited for.  We have been spending about $80.00 per day for lunch at The Arizona Grand Resort and Oasis Water Park for sub par food and service,  so the price we just paid for great service and a great meal was well worth every penny!  We will be back many times in the future as we visit the Phoenix area every year.
4	Great little italian restaurant with really good food. They have a pretty good lunch special. One of the best pasta dishes is Alfredo the dark. It's a creamy dish that has a spicy kick. If you come in the evenings the wait can be anywhere from 20-45 minutes.
4	Food was consistent with the other Oreganos in town. The staff was attentive. Parking was terrible.
5	Excellent service with a friendly environment. The decor is interesting, all depression era memorabilia. Food is amazing, and the pastas are very good
3	Hmm.. mixed emotions about this one. I was looking forward to a nice chewy gooey yummy mess of lasagna. If you just love spinach so much that you want the entire dish to be permeated with spinach flavor, then get the lasagna. Service was great and prices were reasonable - $9 per plate. The small ceasar salad had amazing dressing and was big enough to feed 3. Will return to try something else.
4	Food was great and filling but takes a long time. They did warn us it would be an hour for the pizza but we still got tired of waiting. If you can save some room for the skillet cookie!
1	While I would normally rate this restaurant with five stars, this week's experience was so disappointing that I writing to warn other patrons.  I had surgery Monday and was in pretty poor shape.  The following day friends offered to bring me dinner and the thing I craved more than anything else was an Oregano's Favorite Salad.  My friends ordered take out and brought dinner to my home.  Much to my disappointment, instead of the amazing salad I usually enjoy when eating at the restaurant, I got a container of iceberg lettuce with a smaller container of shredded chicken.  NONE of the normal ingredients (other that then iceberg and the chicken) were on the salad.  It was awful, if the iceberg had been missing literally nothing else would have been in the container.  Needless to say we were all very disgruntled, but given my post-surgery state, no one was able or wanted to drive all the way back to the location to get them replaced.  We all ordered the same salad and all received the same lackluster container of lettuce.  Sooooo disappointing - I will never again order take out from this restaurant.
5	Best pizza in phoenix hands down. Their portions are huge and the price is extremely reasonable. A must every single time I'm in town!
5	First time eating here. We came with our daughter and her friend for a b-day dinner. Portions are very large and the food was delicious!
1	Tonight ... this place was HORRIBLE !!!  Had 3 different wait staff ... We had not been sitting not 5 minutes when we were basically forced to order ... Ordered an appatizer ... salad and cheese bread ... the salad came out promply ... however the cheese bread did not come until AFTER the main dishes came ... and it was FREEZING cold ... could not even eat it ...Speaking of cold ... the main dishes were cold as well when they came out ...When something was said and the manager came over ... she made some excuse that her pasta maker tonight "was working extremely fast" ... and thats why we got the cold pasta before the cold bread ... She then offered us a free cookie due to it ... but why take it ? So it could come out hard as a rock with melted ice cream ... and still was charged for the bread and cold pasta ... It will be an EXTREMELY long time before we ever visit here again ... VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!
4	Decided to take some of my hippie friends here and treat them to some Real Big Salads. They live nearby and had not been here before. Plus a little fiber never killed anyone ... right?I've always liked this particular pizza chain and this location is just like the others. They have all the similar do-dads hanging on the walls and the menu is gigantic.Ordered my favorite Rib Eye Salad in the biggest size they have. They call it The Big Beefstro Salad on the menu and it is really good. The dressing has a sweet Serrano Pepper flavor going on and it is pretty spicy. This one was so big I had to bring some home for later.My friends ordered the Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad and it was giant. They also were excited about the size and had to ask for a box for the leftovers as well.Service was very friendly and we experienced several greetings. They even opened the doors as we both entered and left the building. We were surprised by the large amount of take out orders that were waiting for people to pick them up.Looking forward to trying out some pizza again and possibly checking out their famous all Original Pizza Cookie with Ice Cream. Dang it looked scrumptious and would definitely ruin my girlish figure. MAMA MIA!4 STARS
4	This place is always hopping. You need to get there at 11.oo am for lunch . The staff was friendly and attentive . Their prices are very reasonable and portions large . My spaghetti was  a little over cooked and the sausage was overcooked . I  like their marinara.  I should have sent my dish back but I was too hungry
2	This could totally be a biased review because I've only been one time and tried one thing - the stuffed pizza!  Which to me is more like a huge hot pocket or some sort of Italian casserole with crust.  Wasn't a fan at all!  I do tend to give the place another shot because it was PACKED that Friday night I picked up my unsatisfying stuffed pizza!  Oh and it was expensive!  I remember that!
1	Don't try and do take out with this place in less you want to wait all night.  Called tonight at 6pm to order a pasta dish (no pizza) and was told it would not be ready until 8:30pm - no place is worth waiting over 2.5 hours for a take out order.  Called STREETS OF NEW YORK, ordered the exact same thing and got it delivered in 30 minutes.  DON'T even try and place a take our order with Oregano's!!!  They should not even offer take out if it is going to take that long to make something that I have to go and pick-up.  Done with this place.
5	Went to this location for lunch today with a large group of colleagues.  We sat on the patio  First let me tell you our waiter was awesome!  Sorry I don't know his name.  He was fast with your drinks, orders.  He made suggestions as we were undecided on what we wanted.  He evenn put on all the fans and evap cooler for us as the sun was beating down even with the umbrellas.  Hey Oreganoes, why not put up the canopy that you were supposed to?  My only beef.  The food is absolutely awesome!!  But I think you already knew that!  The crust cracker thin, the toppings delicious.  The salads (antipasto and Idon't remember the name of the other one.  The wings were also fantastic, the honey bbq and the garlic parmesan.  Fantastic.  Why our waiter even, without asking, brought us all large to go cups of what we were drinking!  Absolutely the best!  I will be back.
3	We went yesterday for our usual salad and my husband walked out with a to go box of lettuce.. No bag, no napkins, no utensils.. Oh and no dressing or chicken. When I placed the order the kid sounded pretty new. After 5+ minutes on hold he picked up the line with a "hey?" Like I was bothering him, awkward. He was the same one who chased my husband down with the chicken, I went back for the dressings. Poor training, maybe! Three stars for our usual favorites: the bambino salad, golden wings & margarita pizza. Pb/Choc chip pizookie is a must!!
5	Visiting from Tacoma and Oregano ' s was recommended.  The salads are huge... and the pizza was excellent too.  Ryan our server was tops.  Very attentive.  Atmosphere like you are in Italy.  I will definitely return.
4	Since I'm fromChicago we have the best pizza, my boyfriend swears by their chicken BBQ pizza, well done., it was really amazing! Their salad list is the most unique salad array I have ever seen at a pizza place, we got the Pablo Picasso and some kind of loaded Ceaser! Yum! Drinks are huge. Service is good for a pizza place, the half baked cookie with icecream is a must! This is the first oreganos in az, and we went back on our way home to Chicago. My boyfriend wanted to bring one back for his friends but we couldn't figure out how to bring it back
5	For my second to last day of vacation here in Phoenix, I decided to try this place for lunch and let me tell you, this is a must visit to this place. I had the lunch portion of the Alfredo in the Dark pasta and it was filling. I wouldn't dare to order the dinner portion for lunch unless you are REALLY hungry. I highly recommend this place when visiting or living in Phoenix.  The staff is very friendly and helpful. They are excellent with their service and great waitstaff.
5	We came here for an office dinner. We had 20 people for dinner on a Friday night at 7pm.... the wait was 45 minutes which is far better than other places we have gone such as Dave and Busters (2 hour wait) and Bennihanas (1.5 hour wait)... the food was amazing, the waitstaff was efficient, accurate, and friendly. The best part was with the reasonable prices even with 20 adults we didn't have to break the bank. I would recommend this place to anyone. I love many items here but my favorite is the Italian stuffed grinder. (Or sub sandwich as I guess some people call it)... and a must have is their pizza cookie.  The only downside is their parking situation. Be prepared to park and walk since their actual parking lot fills up fast.
5	I always come here to get my pasta fix. The employees are always nice and the place is always clean.
5	One of  best pizza's I ever had. Love the bistro,atmosphere casual and price and portions are reasonable.
4	So this place is one of the few places in town where I'd refer people to go if they wanted to get a Chicago style pizza. It's freaking delicious! On this particular visit, I had a monster salad and my daughter had a spicy pasta. Service was great as we started out on the patio and moved inside where our server helped us get situated (I forgot about my daughter's fear of birds...IDK...don't ask me??).  Wasn't able to tackle the whole salad so I packed it up to go and then made plans for my follow up visit to get my cheat meal pizza later that week. The atmosphere is great and the staff is usually more than friendly and upbeat. Ya'll need more locations in town though...just sayin! ;)
5	Enjoyed a wonderful brunch on Saturday around noon. Had the Scottish Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedictine. The salmon was fresh and delicious, the eggs were perfectly cooked and the hollandaise was wonderful. My friend had the prosciuto eggs benedictine, we both cleaned our plates. With the entree you get a pastry basket which was outrageous. The croissant was flaky and delicious, a perfect raisin scone, a bread which I don't even know what it was, but it was delicious. Then there was a blueberry muffin and two corn muffins plus the basket came with clotted cream, a strawberry jam and marmalade, I can't even describe how good they were. To top it off a mimosa comes with the meal. This was one of the best brunches I've had anywhere and you couldn't have had a more beautiful day in AZ. Btw the wait staff was friendly and attentive. Highly recommend this restaurant.
4	First time to Oregano's.  We'll be back.  Extensive menu.   We chose pizza and it was delish!   Music a little too loud but we'll definitely go back.
5	Great food, great fun atmosphere.We had an 18" double sauce, double cheese, pineapple, sausage, mushroom pie! It was great...pineapple a new one for me.  The salads, we had Kale Ceasar, are huge and really fresh and tasty.  The interior is full of nostalgic items, you won't get bored looking around.  Booths are large and servers are great.  I'm originally from Chicago...so pizza is my thing...this place is special, great sauce and lots of toppings!  Fun, fun atmosphere.
