2	I may or may not give these guys a second chance. No draft beer was available when I was there because their draft system was broken.  The selection of draft beers looked o.k. nothing outstanding but their bottle selection sucked. If a place is calling itself a brewery at least try and have some real beer. The worst part though was the food... $6 for a fried bologna sandwich? Are you kidding me? Cute names on the food but poor execution.
5	We planned to go to Nimbus for dinner the day after they opened, but knew it was going to be busy.  On a whim, my boyfriend called to see if we could make a reservation and was told that while they were still getting the computer terminals in place, they would call him back to let him know if it was a possibility for the time we wanted.  Sure enough, they called back and we got right in despite the hour-long wait for everyone else.We were enjoying their delicious beers when the manager came over, looking for my boyfriend by name.  As it turned out, he was the one managing our "reservation" and wanted to welcome us personally.  Hello, VIP treatment!  He continued to check on us throughout the night, and even brought the owner over at one point - likely because our party grew from 4 to 6 to 9 to 12!  Regardless, we felt like we got the red carpet treatment, the customer service was that good.They still have a couple kinks to work out - some of the wait staff was a little green, but I certainly wouldn't hold that against any of them on day 2 as they were all working hard to make a good impression.  The food was good, but the beer was better.  I don't normally like certain beers (stouts, pale ales), but I would have been content sipping on any of them. They have a relaxing patio and a great vibe overall.  Although this particular restaurant space has seen some turnover (it was previously occupied by both Roy's and Taberna Mexicana), I hope they stay - I will definitely be back!
5	I was excited when I heard Nimbus was coming to Scottsdale, their beer is yummy. Stopped in on the opening weekend and it's already a popular place. They have other local and craft brews as well as a nice wine list. I ordered the salmon salad and onion ale soup, both were delicious. A fun place to hang out with friends or family, I will definitely be a regular customer !
5	Love Nimbus!  I am so glad they have moved into the neighborhood.  I work over at Roka Akor and live in the Shea/Tatum area.  Besides Terroir Wine Pub there are not many options on places to go after work.   The staff is nice, there is a great vibe and the patio is going to be hoppin' every night.  I love the Monkeyshine and Oatmeal Stout drafts.  Great food too!Thank you Nimbus!  You are going to kill it with the Industry crowd.
5	We love this place! Great vibe, amazing beer, and the food was just incredible. We started with the calamari, which is usually pretty standard. Theirs just blew me away it was so yummy. For entrees I got the seared Ahi Tuna, Mom got the baked Mac & Cheese(I gave her grief). Both were perfect. And the price point was pretty amazing a well.The atmosphere is relaxed but still nice, Scottsdale flair without being pretentious. Plenty of TVs inside will make this a great place to be for games,(but still classy enough us ladies will want to come with). And hello, that patio is wonderful, plenty of seating outside and very cool features, can't wait to spend many Arizona summer nights sitting outside enjoying a cold beer.
5	love this place! great location, amazing patio, and dog friendly! And I usually dont like bar food, but they have really good food! Great place for happy hour and any hour! so glad its in the neighborhood!!
2	I'm pretty surprised that there are so many positive reviews. I suspect some of the reviewers work here or are friends of servers. Regardless, the most I can give this place is 2 stars.  They have a great layout, nice decor, and a wide selection of beers on tap (love that my favorite cider is on tap-that never happens!). HOWEVER, after saying all that, the food is just okay. It isn't bad, but it certainly isn't unique or memorable. The staff does not know the menu at all and none of them have had a menu tasting yet, so when you ask for feedback, they cannot tell you anything about the food.  The food choices are pretty limited as well. One other thing that was odd.  Today when I visited, they had an employee dressed up like a gorilla on the street corner, trying to bring in customers (their 'mascot' is a monkey). So that's weird (what are they, a cash for gold place?), but the weirdness graduated to obnoxious when the guy came into the restaraunt and intentionally started scaring customers.  He kept coming up behind patrons and catching them off guard.  Customers were good sports, but I would have been pissed if that had happened to me!  I felt like I was in the movie 'Trading Places.' Odd marketing choice for such an upscale neighborhood. Sadly, I predict this place won't survive the slow death of summer. If you just come here for a good beer and to watch the game, you won't be disappointed. The key is to not have high expectations.
4	Lot of guest taps here in addition to their regular lineup.  Food was fairly good, and reasonably priced for the area.  Wish they didn't use cold glasses for their ales though, and this isn't an unrealistic expectation for a craft beer brewpub.  When I asked for a room temperature glass I was told "that was a first" for them.  Service was ok.  Female bartender was easy on the eyes didn't know much about the beer, and after a couple questions about the taps I was informed that she's just a light beer drinker.Note: located on the back row of merchants and not clearly visible from the street.
5	My wife and I stopped in despite the annoying gorilla on the street corner and we're glad we did. We were treated to outstanding service from the hostess, the greeter, our waiter (Chris), and the manager. The beer was delicious and the food was exactly what we were looking for (pub fare done well). We will definitely be back!
4	I've been here twice and enjoyed both visits.  Their red ale is very good.  The nachos and tri tip steak with fries were both enjoyable.  This is a good option for this part of town if you're looking for a casual place to hang out for a while.
5	Hidden gem in north Scottsdale. Happy hour ends at 7 and get there early to sit on the patio. Very unique native beers. We loved the angus tri tip quesadilla. Also our server Jade was amazing she was busting ass serving impatient families and still served us with a big smile.We will definitely be back!
4	Loved the atmosphere of this place. Enjoyed the pretzel, beer, and chicken sandwich. Waiter was on the so-so side, but friendly needless to say. Owner, David, made a point to stop at our table, (he recognized someone from our table). Nice guy. Overall, I'd be back to visit Nimbus !
1	First, I hope management notices that this is a repeat review urging them to get rid of the gorilla. I was excited to see a brewery open up over here but I was let down with the food and the Nimbus beer. We've tried pretzels, fried jalepenos, sliders and the spinach artichoke dip (no flavor, except for the chives and would never recommend or order again). I've tried all of the different beers and favorite so far is the red, with a taste of honey, but all the other beers are just okay. We asked our server if they have a Nimbus IPA, he said yes, but then returned to let us know he was confused and suggested some other local beers.It's kind of a weird vibe because it seems like brewery but there is a mascot gorilla running around to be awkward with patrons and they have cartoons on TV during happy hour. I'm not sure which demographic this place is supposed to appeal to. Server was nice, attentive and kept glasses full and I do really dig the patio so I'll round this rating up to 3 stars. They're brand new and they have good happy hour so I'll be back to give them and their other menu items another try, as long as I don't see the gorilla in the front.
1	I waited a week to write this. Still fuming about our "experience". It was our first time so we did no come in the front door, but rather an entrance by the bar. After scoping the situation, we asked the HOST if we could sit at one of the high tops in the bar area. Sure! We sat 5 minutes without being greeted. Watched the host lean on things and banter with staff. A server came by with a plate of onion rings "Onion rings?" she asked. Nope, not us. Next table, nope. Third table was a winner. Also saw another server come out of kitchen with a plate of food in each hand, walk slowly toward the dining area, looked bewildered, and went back into kitchen. I KNOW you have only been open 3 weeks, but I would START with table numbers, Nimbus. Our server finally arrived in a very casual manner. We ordered waters and 2 beers. Table next to us ordered another round, they got served first. We thought it was strange that there were no coasters or bevnaps. It was also hard to believe the let their hostess come in looking slovenly, wearing a wife beater with exposed, dirty, twisted bra straps, jeans, and dirty tennis shoes. While our server came back to our table, the manager joined him and said, "well, at least you got this table water." We asked if they had coasters, he said he just hadn't brought any cocktail napkins. I asked if  they could adjust the air, I could hear/feel the A/C blowing at 7pm at night. She said no. I asked if she was the GM and she said "no, I'm just a lttle peon manager-" and flittled away. Our 2nd round took a while and when arrived had lost it's head and was down 1/2 inch from the top. Sorry Nimbus, I love you in Tucson. We were fully planning on eating here, the food looked decent, we could see the kitchen from where we sat and they seemed to be keeping up quite well. the beer was good. If I started a new business, I would overstaff and give servers 2 or 3 tables until you got dialed in. You were obviously overwhelmed.
2	Met up with a bunch of our friends for our "Getting The Hell Out Of Arizona Forever" farewell shindig. They were really accommodating about us not being sure how many would show up. We had to add extra tables, and all had separate checks, and they were totally cool with it. The good? The BEER! I mean, come on people- it's freaking Nimbus. I don't think they've ever made a *bad* beer. And surprisingly, it's not as expensive to get a pint here as it is to get it in the store. The bad? Just like all of Arizona (cultural wasteland that it is), they don't understand what veganism is. When I order a veggie burger, and I'm incredibly clear on why- going so far as to say that I don't even want the bun grilled, just in *case* they use butter- I get to be pissed off when they serve me a turkey burger, and tell me it's veggie. Yes, you read that right. They served me a TURKEY BURGER. I mean, I get it- turkey burgers? No substitute for beefy goodness. But it's STILL MEAT. I know I don't eat it anymore, but I think I know the difference. So I demurely spit the meat into my napkin, and call the waitress over. I ask- are you SURE this isn't turkey?She goes in to the kitchen, comes back and promises me it's a veggie burger. I don't want to ruin my last time hanging out with my friends in AZ, so I nod and say ok. But this absolutely ruined the day for my wife and I. If it wasn't for the beer, it would have been a complete loss- but then, that's what beer is supposed to do. Make bad things better. So to Nimbus, I say I'll keep drinking your tasty brews, but teach your staff what vegan means. It's actually kind of a popular thing these days. And one more thing: tell the dude in the monkey suit to leave people alone. I just about knocked him out.
4	This is a cool place and the inside is pretty nice.I will say that the interior is much nicer than any other brewery I have been to.The Pale Ale is Bush League, but the Nut Brown and Hefe were amazing.The manager, David, was very knowledgeable.
5	This is the best value in Scottsdale great food and drinks, Staff was great and friendly.I have eaten there over 10 times now and everytime its been great, I will go back this week again and suggest you do also.
4	I have been here twice now, and I like Nimbus. I can walk from my house which is a definite plus. :) The patio is cool. The inside is too sheik for a brew pub I think. Still has Taberna written all over it. They need to rough it up a little. I love that they feature artists and musicians on the weekends. They have a really cool fire pit- but it's too hot to have it on now. The bathroom was disgusting when I went in there the 2nd time- no towels to dry your hands, full to the brim trash, water and soap all over the counter top, no place to hang your purse, one stall lock broken. The food is hit or miss- I really like the soft pretzel, but the creamy onion soup is terrible. The tri tip sand which is delicious, but the meatballs were just so-so. They have really good drink specials, happy hour goes until 7 and they have a reverse happy hour after 10 I believe it is, which is nice. They have really decent beers, I have tried 4/6 of them and their cocktails are good too. :) They have little plastic monkeys in a cup on the counter for the kids.
2	nimbus...i like your beer and i was excited to hear you were coming to my neighborhood. first off i went with my family, we were a party of 4. stood around waiting for the hostess to seat us and ended up waiting for a good 10 minutes before anyone even asked how many were in our party. after waiting for probably...20-30 minutes to be seated our waitress took our drink order and then came back for our food order. i understand its busy on a friday night, but there were a lot of open tables outside and we even said "first available inside or out" ordered food...then waited....and waited....and waited some more. 45 mins or so later our food comes out. no one ordered anything complicated or made any changes to it. the only change was my dad had a salad and just requested "light on the cheese". his salad came out with NO dressing on it whatsoever. i ordered the western burger. a burger with cheese, bacon, bbq sauce, and crispy onions. what did i get? a burger with cheese and bacon. that was it. no bbq sauce, nothing else on it. the other 2 orders seemed right. overall after waiting so long for the food, and then having to wait even longer for it to be right i didnt find it that great. im not too picky when it comes to food, but i wasnt even that good of a burger.id really like to give you a shot nimbus, maybe just to come have a beer sometime but tonight's experience made me not want to dine at your establishment again. get your act together. even the wait staff didnt even know what table was getting what, or what number tables were. overheard this quite a few times.
4	This place would get 5 stars if they changed their music (pub music instead of lmfao would be nice). Anyway...we have gone twice and their food is great and their $9 beer sampler is amazing. I love places with good beer and good food...this place is fantastic.  Try their sweet potato fries (to die for) and their tri-tip and their chili hot pot (yummm)I see other reviews with bad service--both times we have gone, we did a super early dinner (5pm) since we have a baby.  We got excellent service but maybe it was due to it being not busy.
3	I was really excited to try this place this last weekend... None of us were overwhelmed by our food, but it was good and the beers were tasty.  I had the buffalo chicken pizza. The chicken was a bit over-cooked due to being on top of the pizza cheese, and when i went to eat the leftovers the chicken was nearly jerky-style.  My favorite thing was the seasonal beer, a Belgian Wit.  Quite good!! Too bad its a seasonal.  =/  Our server was friendly and the restaurant has a lot of indoor and outdoor space.  I think I might like this more for a happy hour spot where I just have a couple beers along with a snack from the apps menu. I should probably try to get there again before that Wit disappears from the menu!
4	This place is new, so despite a couple service issues, im going to give it an A-.  Nimbus is exactly what it says it is, a place for top-notch beers.  dont expect to come in and be blown away by the food, but the beer and the ambiance on the other hand are a home run.  the owners/managers are always present, you can tell they are actively involved to ensure you have a great experience.  plus the gorilla tossing the sign on the street corner always makes me laugh...
2	Sad to say I was let down once again by Nimbus.  My first experience was when they first opened and we were seated and no one came for 15 minutes.  I chalked it up to it being new and everyone running around all crazy...Went last night and things still seem to be in disarray.  Sat in the bar for beer as I figured that would be the one thing that couldn't go too wrong.  Our waitperson while nice was not trained or all that knowledgeable about the beer or what was and wasn't available. Seemed like pretty basic stuff....I suggest sitting outside by the way but because they are cigar friendly expect to smell 'em! As we sat by the kitchen it was impossible not to observe the complete lack of order and communication between the staff..We did not try the food but they really need to get a handle on being to identify orders and which tables they belong to.  It seems like a family run place and they probably are decent folks but I am not sure if they should be running a restaurant
2	Since opening I have been to Nimbus four times. Right now I can only give them two stars. I hope they improve or they will not see me again. Food: No complaints on food. I didn't expect haute cuisine just good choices at a reasonable price. They have both. Beers:  good choices and I like the Pale Ale and Monkeyshine. However, they have to fix their delivery system. I was there on two consecutive Fridays during happy hour and both times they had problems with their lines. One night I never did get to have a Pale Ale and the other Friday their PA and Monkeyshine lines were broken. They got them back on line when we were leaving. Service: The managers need to be replaced. They are not training the servers correctly. I am not knocking the severs; just management. Even when they were not busy, servers stood around and did not interact with patrons. Three servers came to our table a total of four times and still couldn't get the beer order right. During one happy hour I saw the hostess come out with several plates and she had no clue as to the table the food was going to. She finally walked back into the kitchen with the food. There are too many other places to get a fresh brew: Four Peaks Scottsdale and Yardhouse to name two. Nimbus needs to get their act together.
5	Love this place! Great neighborhood hangout and the Mug Club is awesome. The patio is dog friendly too!
5	I organized and planned a happy hour for my company at Nimbus last week.  We needed a location to accommodate our large group of 65.  I contacted Nimbus, and from the very beginning they were nothing but accommodating and professional.   I met with Renny at the restaurant so I could see how much space they had to offer. We reviewed the menu for food we wanted to serve and went over the drink list.  Since we were meeting for Happy Hour, we received a great deal on Food and drinks! When I arrived at Nimbus on the day of the event, I was ensured by the staff that they would take care of us and that they would hand out drink tickets to everyone. In the past, when dealing with drink tickets, we have been given the generic ones commonly found at raffles.  Nimbus took the time and effort to put our company's logo on the tickets they gave us - very impressive.  Throughout the entire event, they made sure that all attendees were well-taken care of, and that we had everything we needed.  I heard nothing but compliments from the sales staff that attended this event.  We had a great time and I would recommend holding any large group outings here!
4	I checked out this place with some friends for a Sunday Funday.  I have tried Nimbus beer but never have been to the bistro in Tuscon.  Justin, our fabulous waiter, gave many great suggestions for us to try.  We started with the Pretzel and devoured it in seconds.  I had the Pork Chop which was a good portion of meat.  It was matched perfectly with the apple cranberry compote and yummy garlic mashed potatoes.  We also tried the Ahi Tuna with gralic mash potatoes and the Grilled Chicken Pesto.  Everyone was pleased with the food and service.  The beer was great.  I really wanted to try the seasonal but they were in the middle of changing to a new beer.  I will definitely be back for a visit.
5	This place is awesome for the craft brew lover. Not only are the Nimbus beers fantastic but they are not too pretentious to deny other Brews a spotlight. Right now they have Ska Brewing's Modus Hoperandi as one of their many guest brews. Great food too.
3	A brewery in the Scottsdale/ Paradise Valley area? Surely you jest.It's true! AND its kind of hidden in the middle of a ritzy strip mall. When you walk into this place, it looks nothing like a brewery- the decor is very bistro.We enjoyed their beer, and their happy hour menu is different, but good.The service was great at first. But the later it got, the busier it got, and it seemed like our waitress was the only one working. We spent about an hour trying to flag her down for our check.The food was great. I had the chicken pesto sandwich, while tasty, gave me a bit of food poisoning. The rest of our group enjoyed their eats: the "famous" meatballs, burgers, and pizza. And they were all fine.If you go, dont be surprised that its not your typical brewery, and stay AWAY from the chicken.
1	This place needs to close their doors, get their act together, and then reopen. The atmosphere is boring and it is obvious that they did the bare minimum coverup from the last restaurant. The food is horribly boring and has no flavor. I ordered the chicken and avocado pizza and it literally tasted like nothing! We also got the nachos (which was actually just a plate of chips with one tiny pinch of cheese and soggy beef). In addition, the server didn't put in my order for my pizza, hardly apologized and then brought it to me 30 minutes after my friends were done eating. One of my friends ordered the ahi tuna and it was switched with someone else's special order so that had to go back to the kitchen and be reordered as well. The only thing I liked was the beer, and that too took forever and I had to remind my server several times to get me a refill. Way to much effort to get food and drink that is sub par at best.
3	Not quite what I expected.  Looks like the old tenant (Taberna) just left their stuff and Nimbus put a sign or two on the walls.  The feel of a pub/brewery just isn't there.  It's definitely not as cool as their Tucson location.  Their beer is the same though.  Not my favorite but pretty decent.  Here is the rundown:* meatball appetizer = very good - 6 big, juicy meatballs and tasty sauce on the side* wedge salad = HUGE and reasonably priced but just not that good.  Just had tomatoes, blue cheese crumbles and red onions....that's it.* roasted chicken = very good, pretty juicy and had a nice kick to it* service = just ok.  not spectacular.  our waitress was pretty friendly but I didn't as many diet coke refills as I would have liked and she didn't give us an itemized receipt* local dines gift certificate = awesome.  get one before you go because it is so worth it and you can use it for beer - ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ )
2	Got the chicken caesar and the chicken came out pink. Grossed out about the whole thing and not like I have a reason to go back (its a bit out of the way) but now that's what I think of. Beer was alright, nothing special.
4	Beer is almost a 4, food is a 3, service was a 4.5.  + Check in deal makes it a 5.  Add that up and divide by the hungry fellow and you get a 4.  I got a pretzel and an oatmeal stout pulled pork burger.  Forget the pretzel, it's a essentially a utensil to enjoy their amazing sauces.  Even if you don't like pretzels or the sauce, it makes for a great palate cleanser between beers.  The burger was nothing spectacular.  I don't know where the oatmeal stout in the sauce, but it might have been in there. Best part of the trip was getting a got a complete education beer mixology.  WHAT PEOPLE MIX BEERS!   I learned about the Stumbler and the Snake bite; ask and you shall receive.  Sampler note: Make sure to bring another mouth to finish a sampler, unless you plan to taxi and walk home.  Beer Recommendations:Lady friend who hates beer: Snake BiteHop Head: PaleComplex Beer Drinker: Stumbler or MonkeyShinePilsner.  light and amazing wheat finish, I can drink this all dayBlonde ok little citrus, Pilsner was betterPale. Light with dry bitter finish, not for average drinker Red. Simple hoppy red Brown. a bit darker crispy redOatmeal. Not smooth enough for a dark oatmeal,  surprisingly a bit hoppy Old Monkeyshines. Simply intriguing If you are looking for a clean cut safe beer place with decent food and some beer geeks, Nimbus is your place.
2	Disappointed. Was so hoping for more, in food & beer. When you compare them with Papago Brewery in south Scottsdale they don't even come close. The food was just okay and everyone's beers (4) were barely cold. This is AZ, we want beer cold, ice cold. I know, I know, real beer drinkers drink theirs on the warm side. But yuk!  And the beer selection wasn't as extensive as it should be. Service was fine, but not exceptional, which I didn't expect it to be. I guess the biggest disappointment was the warm beer.
4	I have to preface this by saying that I am a fan of Nimbus beer, and I have heard nothing but great things of the Nimbus in Tucson. We stopped by the other night with the in-laws and my dad for a bite.First, the staff was VERY friendly, and we were seated promptly. Everyone at the table ordered a beer (except me, preggo lady.) I did look at the menu to see if they had anything non-caffeinated, non-alcoholic to order, and sadly they didn't. I know O'douls is boring, but would have been fun to see that on the menu. Anywho...We ordered the spinach artichoke dip as an app - it came out quickly and it was SO good. We gobbled that up.For dinner I ordered the patty melt, and the hubs ordered a burger that was served open-face on two pieces of texas toast, smothered in cheese & french fries. It was every man's unhealthy wet dream.The portions were large, and the food was great! The only complaint we have is that the music was too loud. I'm a person that can appreciate music in a bar / restaurant, but the music was so loud that we could barely hear each other at the table. We'll go back, but probably try to sit closer together or outside to avoid the music, should it still be so loud.
5	great beers!! and the food is quite tasty as well!
2	Servers don't fully know the menu or the specials
4	We recently had a family dinner here, and we all enjoyed this place.  I got there a little early so I sat down at the bar and the bartender noticed me quickly and got me served.  The main draw to the place (for me) is the variety of beers that are available as Nimbus is a brewery down in Tucson.  I enjoyed all of the beers that I had (a brown, a red, and a monkeyshine), but my favorite was the brown for it's "nutty" taste.  I'm not sure if that's the right word, but it was good.  It's not the cheapest place in the world, but the happy hour was $3 for a pint of good beer, so no complaints there.We will be back here with family outings and friends alike.
2	Is this a brewery or a Cocos?? I was so confused walking in to this place. The ambiance is horribly lacking and I could not get it off my mind.  Aside from some Nimbus posters on the wall and a piece of copper brew equipment in the corner (by the fireplace) you would have thunk this was whatever mediocre North Scottsdale restaurant lived here before. The service was very odd - our dear young waiter's only experience with beer is probably from high school parties. My beer-nerd boyfriend tried to talk to him about beer several times and was met with an "uh huh..." and a quick exit each time. This is a brewery! This is where beer-nerds are supposed to go! Oh, he was also brought the wrong beer. And it took for-ev-er to receive drinks/food/check.
2	Heavy with the salt! Hubby and I decided to try this restaurant as we're always looking for new lunch spots. Our first impression should have told us to walk out as hard rock music was blaring and we tend to prefer places where we can have conversations while dining. Hubby had the B.W. Horseshoe (supposedly a house favorite) and I had the South West Chicken Salad. His entire meal was very heavily salted to the point where he could not eat his meal. The server graciously offered an exchange but Hubby was already beginning to feel the effects of the sodium so he turned it down. Also, the bread in the open faced sandwich was supposed to be toasted and the bread had not been toasted at all. My salad was just borderline okay. The chicken was very dry and the citrus dressing was so tart that it distracted from the other flavors on the plate. The restaurant did credit us for Hubby's dish. We also both noticed a foul smell coming from the area near the bar and bathrooms...sort of like the smell of standing water. The service was good, We won't be going back.
2	Being a fan of Nimbus beer I was looking forward to trying their Scottsdale location. Sadly, I think beer is more their strong suit.Went with another couple, and got a seat quickly (good). Our server took our beer order and recommended the Monkeyburn Fried Jalapenos as an appetizer. He brought the Monkeyburns (good)... but no beer (BAD!). We had been nibbling, and in dire need of thirst quenching from the spice, when he showed back up asking abou the food. Uh... BEER PLEASE. Food took forty-five minutes to arrive (BAAAD). Apparently one of our dishes was goofed up (bad) and they wanted to fix it (good, but duh), and he just didn't bother to tell us until we flagged him down to ask WTF.The food was good (good). Had the Green Pork Pot, and was so hungry by the time it arrived I inhaled it (bad (for me the next day)). Our server just couldn't seem to get it together, chatting with some friends of his at a nearby table. The kitchen also apparently didn't have it's act together, and a beer place that doesn't get you beer on time?Sadly, won't be going back.
3	Upon entering, if the first thing that happens is three hot women at the bar turn to look at you and smile, quickly compelling you to look in all directions to make certain they're actually looking / smiling at you,  AND THEY ARE, then it's hard to be objective about writing a review.The place was wonderful. Not because of the way too strong  IPA beer.Or the soggy nachos.Or the half off prices during happy hour.But because three hot Scottsdale babes giving me a major eyeball f&^k. I'm coming back for more of this shit, oh-boy, howdy!This was a long overdue booster-shot of self esteem. One that may just get me off the Wellbutrin once and for all.If those same three are there the next time I go (tomorrow) I'll know something's fishy.
4	We checked this place out this afternoon for happy hour and really enjoyed it.  I love that their patio is pet friendly, the beer is $3 and the food is $5 - great deal!  The red ale was very good...excited to try the other beers on the next visit.
3	This was an OK place.  We were driving around looking for something new to try.  We stumbled across this place.  We loved the happy hour prices as we were able to try different things.  I ordered the nachos, pork sliders and jalapeno slices.  The only thing that was "boring" was the pork sliders.  Husband loved the jalapeno slices.  The nachos were unique. Hubby had fish and chips and said it was good. If you want a place to hang out, have a drink, and average food, this is it.
5	Great place to meet up for good food and drinks if you have a family. We have been here 6 times and I appreciate how the place no longer pumps club music during the family hours now. We come here for good food (tri tip, salads, green chili are all great-avoid the burgers!) and great beer. They have high chairs for the kids and the adults can relax. Anyway, we are fans and regulars. If they continue to be so family friendly, they will continue to build regular family fans. Every new couple who shows up to join in on baby lunch dates...they also become regulars :) As soon as it's nice out and the RR park opens, we plan on making this our spot to eat at after playing at the park :)
3	Huge space and patio! Good check in special and a lot of beer on tap including my fave Left Hand Milk Stout! They featured live music on Saturday night and the bartender remembered us after only one prior stop in.  I like this space albeit a little removed; I'm definitely going back again!
4	Hurray for Happy Hour every day of the week! I wanted to stop by here on a Sunday after trying the Dirty Guera Blonde Ale. We decided to grab a table at the bar since we were just going to have drinks. After looking at the menu, I decided to try the Pale Ale to try something new. It was pretty good, but the Dirty Guera is better - like any naughty girl would be. After mulling over the happy hour menu, we decided to try the Monkey Bites. The fried jalapenos are pretty good and served with a cream cheese dip. Kinda like a deconstructed jalapeno popper. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WSdANzoNmwLPAVuVw5SOFw?select=D42jDggzSKlT6G152HMe6A#epOm3b7CX-q4chcgNqgk-wDrinks were good, the service was good, the only thing that bugged me was the girl sitting next to us complaining the whole time about everything and anything. Lighten up and have a beer lady, it's HAPPY HOUR!
3	I attend trivia on Monday's here, and I'll tell you I'm nearly at my wits end.  This review is almost exclusively about Monday nights - so fyi.The trivia guy is absolutely terrible.  Possibly a former (failed) karaoke event promoter or radio dj, but his methods are not pleasing.  From the music that's all cover bands (horrendous), to the constant plugs for karaoke Friday's, this guy tries really hard to make a fun night bad.The staff seems to be in a constant state of change.  I don't think I've had the same server twice, and not that I haven't been seated in their area and seen them serving elsewhere, it's just an entire different crew nearly every time.  The food is good, a little pricey for bar food, but good nonetheless.
4	Not my favorite brewery in town but it was a pleasant experience. The beer selection is very good and the brews go down smoothly. Food was decent. Better than traditional bar food but far from great. Huge place could definitely accommodate a big party. Also a very nice patio.
3	I went here for my book club.  It was a nice atmosphere which felt somewhat like a sports bar but not too dark or noisy.  While there were tvs everywhere, they weren't obtrusive or loud (they may even have been muted?)  It is great that they have Happy Hour all day Mon/Tues/Wed during the summer!  Nice touch.  Their regular HH goes till 7 pm which is nice.  They didn't have any 'healthy' items on their HH but, with bar food, I guess you aren't going their to be healthy, huh?  Some members in my group opted for the pork sliders.  I got the chicken quesadillas without the beans and sour cream.  It was quite a full quesadilla and had a lot of chicken and cheese and a nice crispiness but was greasy.  Their portions were all generous.  The servers were friendly and very efficient.  One of the women in my group had a home brewed beer and she really enjoyed it.  They lost a star due to the food quality which was only mediocre.  All of us said the food was "just ok".  While i wouldn't seek this place out, I would go back again if someone else suggested it.
3	Friday night = loads of hotties; cute barmaid; above average food (my favorite is the fish-n-chips) and plenty of different beers on tap. My only minor complaint is their best scotch whiskey is 12 years old. Want another star? Lay in some good scotch!!
3	We found Nimbus to be like several others had said - nothing special.  The service was very attentive - 5 stars - but the food, beer, and atmosphere were just "OK."  Would not go back - too many other places to choose from.
5	The service was great, the beers were great and the pretzels rock.  The only downside is the location...sort of hidden in a rather dead shopping plaza.  I rarely drink pilsners but surprisingly their pilsner was my favorite from the sampler tray (the only way to go if you've never been here before).  Glad to have anothrr AZ brewery making a great product.  Keep it up Nimbus.
2	So much potential..Bartender was a sweetheart. That's about it. Low prices & location might keep this place afloat. Vacuuming, mopping, & staff meetings during business hours are NEVER cool. Maybe I'm uptight?
2	Nimbus has pretty decent beers. The place is pretty laid back and I have yet to see it be busy. The staff is friendly. Unfortunately, our food wasn't very good. My burger was undercooked and the bun was soggy. The manager did notice that we didn't eat much. She comped everything and said she would talk to the chef so I'll give it another chance.
2	Been three times so far...Pro's- beer is good- food is decentCon's- is this a bar, micro brew, sports bar, or???I am hard pressed to return just for the beer or food.  Nothing truly stands out.  I *wish* I could give better than a 3 rating, but detractors take away from what I hope this location would be.
5	Yummy happy hour every day
5	i love how they have a lot of the american comfort food i crave, but with their own little signature twist! I've had the monkey burn, their meatball app, and a super delicious salmon dish among others and everything was great!  i also love supporting local beers and nimbus makes it so easy!  my only problem is deciding which one!  i tried their Monkey Shine the other day, and wow! i do love a barley wine! hit the spot!!!  also, service there has always been great! i stop in usually for a later lunch and even when its slow my servers have been attentive, friendly, and give me my space when i need it (sometimes i stop in to do homework after class and need some peace and quiet to study).  My last visit in, Daniel waited on me, he was laid back with a huge smile!  Even though he was bar tending and i chose to sit at a table in the dining area (studying!) he didnt make me feel like i had him going out of the way for me or was a burden in anyway.  food came out promptly and he made sure my glass was always full!  i look forward to my next visit in!
1	Went here for the first time on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend. We were excited to try this place after rave reviews from coworkers and friends.WOW - we were SO disappointed.The place was not busy at all which didn't discourage us since it was a Tuesday. We walked into the restaurant and waited by the hostess counter for about ten minutes until we were finally "greeted" by the hostess. There were many employees walking by serving other tables, cleaning tables, etc that never once stopped to tell us someone would be with us shortly...kind of rude, right?We were finally seated in the patio area and were told by the hostess that someone would be with us shortly. I kid you not - another FIFTEEN minutes went by. No one came to our table. No menus. Nothing.The manager (who was really nice) came by our table finally and asked if we had been helped. I told him no. He left to grab us some menus and to take our drink orders. We each ordered a beer.Ten more minutes pass. Nothing. In the meantime, we are watching people who arrived after us ordering/receiving their food. Very disappointing.We finally get our beer and he left before we could put our food order in.WHY!?We waited a few more minutes and he took our order. We ordered the soft pretzel with mustard dipping sauce and the top sirloin salad. We asked to add avocado to the salad.Our food arrived several minutes later...and you guessed it, without avocado. At the end of our meal, I politely informed the manager that we weer pretty disappointed with our experience. No apology.Just a pathetic "yeah, its' been an off night"Needless to say, we will NOT be coming back here. Ever.
1	If you want inattentive service and the worst wedge salad in Arizona Nimbus is open 7 days a week. Very disappointed with this experience and the apathy shown towards us when we addressed our concerns. They did at least comp the salad.
2	Always willing to give a new beer place a try.  I had heard that Nimbus had opened in the old Taberna site, and thought I would stop and see what it was.   I was really surprised, because I had heard such good things about Nimbus in Tucson, so maybe I was expecting to much.  The interior had little or no character.  I sat at the bar, and the bartender seemed bored and uninterested. I asked about the different types of beer, and she really had no idea how to describe them.  I ordered a draft of one to try, and then she handed me a menu - which actually had beer descriptions on it. It would have been nice to see that, prior to ordering.That said, the beer was good, but not so good as to override the lack of ambience, and the average service.
1	My wife and I tried Nimbus for the first time tonight.  All signs pointed to this being a potential new go-to spot in our neighborhood.  We were hoping for a place with good beer, interesting food choices and a fun atmosphere.Instead I rate this as my worst dining experience of 2012 so far.  We walked over from our house and when we were seated we asked for water.  It took 5 minutes to get it and the water glasses were dinky.  Hello - this is Arizona!  We need something other than kid-sized glasses of water.  I ordered a happy hour martini and it was undrinkable.  After sending ti back, I ordered an oatmeal stout that tasted like flat Coke.  My wife had a blonde ale and she chose not to finish it (very unusual for her).  If we hadn't already ordered dinner, we would have left at this point.  The buffalo chicken pizza was decent but very greasy.  The fried zucchini was inedible.  To top it off, there was a networking event happening on the other side of the dining area.  Our pizza arrived at the same time that the event speakers began to use their mics to broadcast their message to the entire place.  I was treated to a diatribe about diabetes during dinner.  While this is a worthy cause, it was totally obnoxious during dinner..The food is overpriced, the beer is mediocre, the happy hour menu is limited (no burger - really?) and the ambiance is horrible.  Needless to say, we will not return.  Word to the wise - if you are looking for a good happy hour, Ruth Chris is just around the corner and has amazing values and a great patio.
4	Ok this was my 2nd time here and I think it worth a fair review. First of all Nimbus is a Tucson area brewery.  They have the brewery and a tasting room/restaurant like the one there in Tucson too. That being said when I first came in my my Cats shirt the waitress said "go cats' and I felt like I was at Nimbus in Tucson:-). My wife is a Sun Devil so she wasn't so impressed.We had a GROUPON for 2 salads, 2 beers, and 1 pizza. Great deal for 15 bucks. We decided on Mac n cheese pizza, rye IPA, old monkey shine,and garden salads.  What can I say? The beer was great!!! And the salads were surprising good. The man n cheese pizza stole the show though. It was amazing. Yes bacon man n cheese on a pizza! During our first trip here they were playing Monday night trivia and we watched the Packers and Seahawks and the end of game call!  Fun time. We went here the next week after at the end of the UofA game. Too bad they did not play the game here. Some drama with PAC 12 and DirectTV.  Anyways Yelp unlocked us a pizza and beer for 10 bucks so I brought my friend here for the Mac n Cheese pizza and IPA. Great and my friend loved it too. All in all Nimbus is a great place. It's a little tucked away but very low key and friendly and plain old good beer and good pizza. Lots of TVs around and a huge patio. I will for sure be back here!
4	Stumbled upon Nimbus a few weeks ago and left impressed. Great selection of their own beer and others. Really great atmosphere with a fantastic looking outside patio. You can even bring your dog and sit there during day! The food has been top notch although I've only tried a couple things so far. A great addition to mid Scottsdale.
5	Haven't been back in a while just because I have been too busy.  I know they have gone through some ups and downs.  I am in the industry and I know.  Staff is always friendly.  The owner Renny is the sweetest guy and Regan the manager is kind and accommodating.  Give them a try!
4	Cute little outdoor area that is dog friendly. Loved the pretzel and dips and the spinach artichoke dip was awesome!  We enjoyed sampling all the beers with a reasonably priced flight.
3	They have a nice outdoor patio here and our server was very friendly. We had a Living Social for 2 three course meals along with a drink each. The fondue appetizer was good but then we waited about 45 minutes to get our salads, which really were just lettuce. The salmon was pretty good but the veggies were cold and you could tell the potatoes had been sitting for a while...our server apologized for the food taking so long and didn't charge us what would have been extra with our deal. The beer was okay but the house pinot noir was very good. Overall, we were not impressed with the food and probably won't go back.
2	I have given this place several chances, each time hoping it will be better than the last. The food is good, no complaints there, yummy carb-ful comfort food and okay salads. Problem is the service, or lack thereof I should say. On my first visit I sat on the patio for a full 20 minutes with no service, not even a greeting. I finally asked one of the servers who was cleaning off a table a few feet from me if I could order something to drink and have a menu. The second and third visits were pretty much the same, I didn't have to ask to be served but took them a long time to finally come to my table.My last visit, just last week, I sat at a table on the patio and was never greeted or served, after 30 min I left.Too bad, this place has great potential as a neighborhood hangout but after talking to others, it is well known that the service is poor.
2	I really love the beer and the food. On those qualities alone, Nimbus would rate a 5. Unfortunately, the service is generally pretty bad. I keep going back and as they have gotten to know me it has improved, but only with the staff that I have had before. If you get Wade as your server, rest assured that you are in good hands. There is a tall girl that does a great job too. Other than those two expect it to take 15 mins to get a beer after waiting 10 to get someone to take your order. I really like this place and want it to survive but it must get better.  Monday night trivia was a nice addition but not a great format.  You will want to rip your ears off while listening to recorded karaoke versions of music that hasn't been popular in 10 years between trivia questions.  Not sure if that is so the cheesy trivia master can avoid paying royalties on the music or if it is to promote his karaoke night, also horrible.  Nimbus clearly has no idea who it's target customer is and its getting tiresome. I'll keep coming back for the Horseshoe, but I'll never get used to the dread that accompanies the wait to see which server is going to disappoint me this time.  With any luck things will continue to improve and Nimbus can unseat the tired Zipps as my primary spot in that neighborhood.   I'm rooting for them but they seem determined to do everything wrong. Like closing at 10pm on week nights. You are a brew pub. People come to drink. When you close at 10pm, we don't even bother to stop by.  Why would we?
4	The Monkey Melt. A certified Angus beef burger nestled in between marbled rye bread slices and filled with sauteed onions and super melted cheese. Eat with an Oatmeal Stout. Questions?The patio is cozily placed in the center of a petite outdoor shopping center. The "ice" (glass) fire place at the center of the patio was a nice touch. Seeing people kicking back with their dogs watching football on the patio and chatting it up made thie place seem very inviting. Indoors was crowded as well, but the set up was kind of strange. There were groups of tables set before you right when you walk in, and then a central aisle broke up the groups of tables interrupting them. There are no shortage of tvs above these tables. Long rows of tvs anchored on rows of lowered ceiling adorned the view as you looked up. A hoard of people were cramped in the long and narrow bar area on the left, yet on the right side there was a cute little living room type set up with two couches facing each other by a fire place and coffee table. I was surprised everyone was crammed on the left side when there'd be so much more space if people spread out. Whatever though, this is not my concern...FYI, the Nimbus Fondue is not a true fondue. It's basically nacho chips served with a shallow dish of melted cheeses with other stuff in it. Would I recommend it? Unless you're a fondue snob, yes, because it's still very good! Who doesn't love nachos!!
3	Preface: I'm being nice3 stars is an OK rating and I don't want my opinions to skew the rating scale but a 2.5 star option if available would be welcome, again I'm being nice.This place is terrible. (I might be exaggerating)  I have heard horrible stories about the brewery in Tucson, how the beer is fine but the food is absolute crap.  I figured hey they are moving to Scottsdale in an area with an insane amount of delicious dining establishments, they have to of retooled that menu ... they didn't.  The beer honestly is good not great 4peaks IMO is at least 2x better (again being nice) but I respect a local presence and craft beer so I cant knock them for trying and building a successful brand.That being said the food is really nothing special at all, they offer pairings like mac and cheese pizza (too gross to try) to things like salmon and steak (too fancy for here).  I tried a burger, usually safe with a mix of sweet potato and regular fries.  I also had the monkey shine which has the highest alcohol content (something I am supportive of) and even after that beer the food disappointed (how can that be?!).  It wasn't that the burger was horrible but it just wasn't anything special, it was bland and I got the western that had tons of stuff on it.   The biggest problem was the fries which ironically seemed to come out of the frozen food section of a local Frys Food and Drug (not even a signature, Kroger brand - house brand aka the worst).  A friend joining me had the wings, the wings were actually pretty good but they were wings and wings are gonna be good in a place like this especially after some beer so I feel that we should take that for what its worth.With mediocre food at best and OK beer I don't see any reason to go here over 4 peaks.Improve your menu and I'll give you another shot. :)
3	Okay, so I'm confused here. What are they going for? Is it a pub, or is it a high class Scottsdale restaurant affair? I mean, some of the artwork, I could expect to see in a tavern, but some of it was modern and NOT tavern fare at all. Along with that, 6 bucks for a Kiltlifter. Six bucks?! Christ, it's freaking cheaper at four peaks and they brew the stuff. I don't know, I just feel like they're having an identity crisis and taking it out on the patronage. If they can figure out what they're going for, then I think it'll be okay but...until then...I'm just confused.
3	Closed?  Really?  It seems this place just randomly shut down, after much less than a year of being open.  Only went there once - we enjoyed the food, the ambiance, and the beer.  We recommended it to others as well.  Showed up on a Tuesday night for dinner and everything was packed up....?  A little searching on the web (Facebook, specifically) shows that they're done.  What a shame.
1	Groupon brought me to this joint....and been here several times over the past few months.  We went there tonight for dinner and *BAM*, there was a notice on the door that the place was being repossessed by the property owner.  It's CLOSED.  Another victim of Groupon.....so many deals on Groupon are from restaurants that go under.  This is one of many recent joints to go bye bye....Return Factor - an obvious 0%
5	I am so bummed this place closed down!! I love Monkey Beer and the burgers rocked! Not sure why they closed but hope and pray they open another location in Scottsdale. In the mean time drive down to Tucson and try the brewery, its worth the drive!
1	Regret to inform, but last Thursday night, 11/29, the place was dark and the chairs and televisions were gone. CLOSED... I'm wondering where my friend goes to get back the $35 he paid for their beer mug program last week...Passed their address on 12/10, their signage is down. They're toast... R.I.P. Nimbus
1	Y is this place closed? Didnt pay rent?
