4	not sure if this place taste's better than any real philly cheese steak, i.e. Gino's or my other favorite philly steak place in austin, i.e. Texadelphia, but this place has some good philly cheese steaks. they  have different variations of the philly cheese steaks to the classic.  you can choose what cheese you would like (swiss, provolone, mozzarella, and cheeze whiz), what meat, and what other sides you would like  i.e. mushrooms and grilled onions.  the most important thing about this place is that THEY DO NOT SKIMP ON MEAT.  the sandwiches are about $7-8, but they're big and full of meat.  i usually get the classic, sometimes adding grilled mushrooms to it.  other times, i love getting the pepperoni pizza...grilled beef steak with onions, also fried with some pepperoni and some tomato sauce, and finally topped off with mozzarella cheese.  there is so much meat in that one and so damn saucy!!!!  i also recommend to order the sweet potato fries and the sweet tangy sauce to dip it in.  Another plus is this place is 24hrs.  what a great place to eat after a late night of drinking!!!
4	They ship their bread in from Philly. It's real deal Amoroso rolls. Oh yeah, It's 24 hrs too. That's always a bonus. It's not a restaurant, so expect to take-out, or eat at a small picnic table (outdoors), There's no indoor seating. Minus one star for that.It's an authentic cheese steak. You won't be dissapointed!!!
2	This place serves supposedly the BEST cheese steaks in Vegas. So far I tend not to agree. I had a Chicken Cheese steak with mushrooms and was sorely disappointed. The portion sizes are excellent, and it looked delicious and I couldn't wait to get it in my mouth. And once I did I found it to be fairly flavorless and very dry. When I did manage to find a little pocket of cheese, things got a bit better, but they were few and far between. Perhaps I'll give them another shot someday, but for now my quest for the best Chicken Cheese steak in Vegas continues....
5	Okay, let me just preface something, I'm from the suburbs of Philly.  This place makes a good eff'n cheesesteak!  When we moved to Vegas, I knew there were gonna be some things I would not be able to get out here like Utz Potato Chips, Kunzler Ham, etc.  I thought for sure the cheesesteak would be one of them until we found Pop's.  Both Charles K.'s and Reggie M.'s testimonials are 100% true and to back it up http://www.popscheesesteaks.com/The worst thing about this place, it's not open Sunday.
1	This place is not what it's cracked up to what it USED to be. The sandwiches (now) lack flavor and they charge an arm and a leg. I paid $18 for 2. The mushrooms are gross - straight from the can. I used to love this place, and would make my way to get there. Totally disappointed. Don't waste your time. One star because they're fast - go figure.
4	3.5 stars to be exact.  I just went to Geno's and Pat's in Philly the 1st week of Sept.  While the steak is a lot more chopped up here I would say it was pretty comparable.  The bread is really what you come here for I think cuz I guess you could make a pretty fair attempt at making these at home.  Still good though.
4	an outdoor eatery-one of a kind. this place is great. fresh made philly cheesesteaks and pastrami grinders. fresh bread from philly. chili cheese fries. get whiz with your philly to make it authentic. this place is fast,friendly & super good food. plus it's cheap!!!! ok prices have went up recently
4	I've been here once.  It's a very good sandwich, but a little too much meat.  The seating options there are very limited and can get very crowded at lunchtime.  I will return, but not during busy time of day.
5	This place is the real deal. Makes me want to move to Las Vegas. Nothing in Southern California comes close. If your visiting Las Vegas make the drive to this place it will safisfy your cravings for cheesesteaks.
4	Pop's Philly Steaks makes the best cheesesteak sandwich I have ever had. I love the meat. I love the cheese whiz. I love the bread. I love the grilled onions. SOOO YUMMY!!! If you are ever in town, you definitely have to stop by. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's outdoors so it's kind of inconvenient on a windy day and the sides are good, but not amazing. Despite those things, I'll be back to try other sandwiches anyways!!!
5	I WANT ONE IN LOS ANGELES.NOW.BEST PLACE EVER.easy going. great meat. fresh bread. juicy steaks. delicious. oh my childhood was awesome. i miss home.
4	Not perfect, but the most authentic  Philly Steak in Las Vegas.  You got to order like you would in Philly.  Whiz and 'Wit:  With Cheez Whiz and Onions.  Hmm... So tasty.  Any "authentic"  Cheese steak place that doesn't offer Cheez Whiz, just isn't.
4	Order a "Whiz wit" and call it a day. Awesome bread, perfectly cooked steak, delicious onions, and creamy melted cheese whiz. What more could you ask for in a cheese steak?Its kinda pricey, but well worth it.
4	Ok.. so I'm not so sure about the cheese whiz... but I know I'm a huge fan of the Philly with the provolone cheese(it was not only a huge sandwich but it had tons of meat and cheese). YUM! Never been to Philly... but I'm assuming this place is the real deal.. everything is fresh and cooked right in front of you. It's got an old A&W(drive-up) feel and I love that! O and the fries... salty goodness!!
4	Oh yeah! This place is great! I have had the privilege to have authentic Philly cheese steaks right in Philadelphia. I have had Pats and Gino's and Tony Lukes right in Philadelphia. This place is very very close to what you would get at any of those two places in Philly. The cheese whiz and steak! I love it. You should try it! I wonder if they have broccoli rabe like Tony Luke's that was fantastic!
4	This is the closest thing to an authentic Philly cheese steak that I've tried.I ordered the Cheese Whiz ($6.99) with grilled onions.  Lots of meat flavor with the grilled onions.  I think getting cheese is a must for these Philly steaks because without it, it would be very dry.  A little pricey but it is a big serving and could be hard to finish by yourself.  Also ordered french fries ($2).  They were the thick ones and they were okay, not great.
2	If you want a good (and I mean GREAT) cheesesteak in Vegas, pass up Pops and land yourself at one of the many Capriotti's. I've had a few Cap's sammies ($8 medium cheesesteaks with mushrooms and peppers) - amazing. Drove by Pop's mid-Saturday. Was starving so decided to try it out. $10 later, I was bummed. The shrooms were canned and tasted like it. Yuk. The meat was dry. I had the provelone on top, still not a moist sammy. Wished it had been a Capriotti's. One star for being 24-hrs.
5	I have always wanted to check this place, and I finally did today. I got the #2 without, a cheese steak with Whiz, it was amazing!!!The meat was seasoned perfectly, the whiz was warm and cheesy, and the bread was amazing, I have read that they fly the bread in from Philly, and I must say it's well worth it.I have had Philly's at several places and the bread is what put pops over the top.I will be going back!!!
5	24hrs... and great quality!!!!!!!!Since there is enough said about the cheesesteaks, thought I would add something different.Pop's has the best breakfast sandwich!! Steak, Eggs, Cheese!! I love it and it has saved me from the hangover monster on more than a few mornings!Also, the turkey sandwich is top flight! The bread is amazing, and makes sense that they bring it in from back East.I don't eat "fast food" and I consider Pop's to be anything but typical fast food, the higher quality is obvious, and I don't mind paying for it.Highly recommended!
4	I'm not, normally, a fan of philly cheese steaks but, WOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! I am a believer =)I think I got a pepper, onion, and mushroom philly cheese steak. The bag was greasy! The meat was flavorful. The shrooms, onions, and peppers reminded me of pizza.IT WAS DELISHHHHHHHHHHH.It was open late which is a big plus. Considering that it's open late, it's kinda scary!!!We were the only ones there; and the workers work behind a bullet-proof window (OK, I WAS KIDDING BOUT THE BULLET-PROOF WINDOW!!!!!)Alas, the food is worth getting shot at for.....WELL, I, MAYBE, NOT SHOT AT...maybe, a stab wound.........lol j/kMy review: MUST SAMPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	If you want a great steak and cheese visit Pops!Open 24/7 and it's always very hot!Don't bite right into it or you'll burn your mouth, you've been warned.
3	i was craving for sandwich so i went on yelp to search for a place near by. And i found this place. I ordered number 2, the steak was good but the bread is not great like i expected.  I would come back to try other on the special menu
4	Well this place was a surprise!  Driving around doing store checks all day, we bumped into this place right around lunch time.  I am highly knowledgeable in the cheesesteak genre and highly critical of places that don't get it right.Pride of Philly (POPs) gets it right.  This has to be the best cheesesteak in Las Vegas (I may be wrong but I don't think so).  The bread, key ingredient in the cheesesteak genre, was excellent.  Had a side of greasy, hot and crispy fries. Don't like cheesesteak, they have pastrami, grinders, and fried string beans.Best thing about it was Steve, the cook, nice guy and not a racist like that Geno character in South Philadelphia.
4	Being the carb fiend that I am, I'm very particular about bread. The bread at Pop's cannot be beat! They have a story about it on their website - but in summary they ship it in from Philly and it's freaking amazing. Perfect balance of softness and chewiness. The steak itself was great. They use sirloin so there isn't any grizzley pieces. I topped mine with cheese whiz. Props on them layering steak, cheese, steak so the cheese gets evenly distributed! Menu was extensive. I wish I was drunk and not eating here on my lunch hour so I could have gotten a little more into some of the cool things (fried bananas foster? Cheese whiz wheels?). I mean I guess the atmosphere is "authentic", but dining literally 2 feet from Decatur isn't all that great . Maybe on the strip or on a cute neighborhood street it's fun to dine al fresco, but Decatur rather sucks. The best cheesesteak I've had in Vegas and I've tried quite a few!
4	I really don't like cheese steaks in general, but this little hole in the wall (or A-frame off the strip) had unusually good food. I had a 1/2 steak CS with peppers, swiss cheese, onions and mushrooms. It was all very tasty, tasted pretty fresh and was made to order. The service was very friendly. Be sure to ask for the hot sauce!
4	This place is pretty good. I'm from San Diego and a local told me about this place so I decided to stop by and check it out and get away from the typical buffets. For starters, the food is cooked in front of you and visible through the window. When you receive your food, it's warm and ready to be devoured. Another great aspect of this place is the amount of meat that you get for the price. The Philly steak's is between $6-10 and I believe is properly priced. Another positive aspect is that this place is 24hrs. After a long night at Vegas and there is a need for cheap grub, this is a good place to check out.Now for the things I didn't like about this place. For one thing, I enjoy my Philly steaks with a little kick of hot sauce. There is a small charge for hot sauce. Yeah I know $.50 is not expensive, but come on now, a charge for hot sauce. Secondly, side orders are extra. Who gets Philly steaks without fries or something? These negative is very minor, bit it did disturb me a little bit.Overall, I would rate this place a 3 1/2 star but because I don't have that option it gets 4 stars. This place is one little spot that needs to checked out of your tired of going to the typical Vegas buffet's and restaurants.
4	So when I lived in Vegas, my dad owned a shop just steps away from this place and I NEVER EVEN KNEW IT WAS THERE! Thanks to Yelp, we decided to try it this past weekend. It's off the strip, and the first thing you notice is the building itself. The spot used to be a Wienerschnitzel, so it's a triangular shaped building, panted in black. So we get there and park, it's a Sunday afternoon and the place is slammed! We ordered the #2 Cheez Whiz, and we also got sweet potato fries, fried okra and chicken wings. The steak sandwich was amazing! Next time we go back, we're just getting more of those! The friend okra was good, nothing memorable, same goes for the wings. I'd never had sweet potato fries, but now that I have, I know I'm not a fan. I love, however, their consistency, they had a perfect crunch to them, I kept eating them, even though I wasn't crazy about the taste. Odd huh?Again, the place was super busy, and there were only two guys running the spot. They were doing a fantastic job, and very very friendly! I'd highly recommend you venture off the strip the next time you're in Vegas and give this gem a shot! Stick to the Philly Steaks!
4	Awesome good food! They know how to make some excellent cheese steaks! Service was fast and prices were decent. MmMmm don't forget about the WHIZ WHEELS!
4	If review was based on taste alone - 5 starsBut they lose a star for no indoor seating and for the staff being kind of blah. By kind of blah I mean they weren't necessarily bad but they weren't great either. I understand its a small place to not have indoor seating but if you are going to only have outdoor seating you need to have a drive-thru too in my opinion. I went on a pretty chilly day and had to stand outside to wait for my cheesesteak. Worth the wait for sure but they would probably do more business if you could sit or even order indoors. I don't know about you but I don't exactly enjoy standing outside when its 30 degrees in winter or 120 in summer. And when its windy and you are trying to eat outside everything is blowing all over the place. They aren't something you really want to eat in your car either (can be messy). The Philly Steaks are by far the closest I have had to Philly out here. I'm from the Northeast and these are pretty close if not right on the money (its been a while since I've been to Philly). Overall - looking forward to my next visit but I will make sure its a nice day out.
4	Cheesesteaks are so fab here. Get the sweet potato fries with the sauce - oh!!!
4	Upon recommendation from a very good buddy, I stopped by and got a Philly Steak with provolone / onions / peppers.  OMG, it was fantastic!  It brought back great memories of my trips to Philly.  There was plenty of meat, just the right mixture of other ingredients, and the roll was perfect.There is no "ambiance" to this place ... which gives it it's own "ambiance" (if you get my drift).  I probably wouldn't frequent this place at night, but it's well worth a trip if you're in Vegas and have a car.
2	As someone who grew up in Philly....not impressed.  Pop's gets props for the Amoroso rolls, but the cheesesteak was completely flooded with cheese whiz and overall lacking in flavor.  I love the building though (it's an old converted Wienerschnitzel) and the neon and logo.  They do have Tastykakes and Frank's sodas (!), so if you are craving some Black Cherry Wishniak, Pop's is your go-to place.I'll try Pop's again maybe and get the provolone instead of the whiz, but my initial assessment is that there are better cheesesteaks in this town.  Most of the other reviews already have the alternatives covered.
4	Best Philly Cheesesteaks in the Southwest!Atmosphere/cleanliness: Small and well-lit.   Service: Good and quick service. Food: I was craving a Philly Cheesesteak and like a lighted mecca just off the 95 and Decatur, Pop's stands like lone gunfighter in the blistering sun.  Except this cowboy ain't packin' a Colt Six-Shooter, Pop's is packing meaty goodness wrapped in a tasty bread device.I highly recommend the Philly cheesesteak with Cheez-Whiz!  The grilled onions and cheesy, oozy goodness will put you in an immediate good mood and cure any hangover.  Order it with some zucchini sticks and you have a meal that will leave a lasting impression.
4	I like the feel of this place and the sandwiches are big and stuffing. I've tried the Philly steak (w/ onions, peppers, whiz), BBQ pork hoagie, Italian sausage sub. Out of the apps I've gotten sweet potato fries,fried zucchini and the fried green beans. All have been really good, but I love fried green beans so that hits this happy spot for me with sharing a Philly Whiz cheese steak.Very curious to try the bananas foster, fried okra and whiz wheels.Open late so a plus for night owls like us. Since it's made piping hot to order, it's still nice and warm when we get home. You go to any other fast food and that crap is cold when we get home- another 10-15 minute drive on the FWY. MMM... night owls deserve something warm in the belly too.
3	Tried #32 - Philly cheese steak with onions, peppers and mushrooms.It was a bit bland... not enough salt or spice. And for more than $15 (w/soda and a side) I think it's a little too much...One time is enough for this place - not going back.
4	The Three Cheese Chili is good and one of the most expensive sandwiches on the menu. $9.99. Other favorites like pastrami chili cheese fries and Hogies are good.Plan on working out extra hard for at least 3 days after POPs. Other than that, sit back, relax, and rub your belly. This site is not Fat Free, and neither is POPs. Enjoy!
4	You know that place where you get an itch to stop by at random times of the day. This is it.I am not addicted to it, but it does my body good.Well priced compared to some other Philly's in the area. Worth a drive by and pick up!
5	I'm not big on philly cheesesteaks but we decided to go one day after we were done clubbing. One of my friends recommended POP'S since it was kinda close to us and its open 24 hrs. I  I ordered mine with provolone, green peppers, onions, and jalapenos...and a side of fries and ranch.  It was really good! I crave them all the time.
4	So, as a typical tourist I didn't want to gamble anymore (i.e. I was broke) so I figured I'd make myself fatter instead.  I wander into my hotel room at 2:30 AM and spin up the laptop.  Yelp spits out this 24-hour cheesesteak place called Pops.  I head over there and decide to get way too much food:   - Cheesesteak with whiz - PretzelFirst off, I don't like cheese whiz but I know that it's the classic cheese to use so I can't help myself.  I have to say, I ate the whole thing and I loved every bite.  In fact, the pretzel came with this tub of cheese whiz and I found myself wishing I had more pretzel left to dunk into the whiz.  I don't know what came over me.  The only explanation is that this place must be great!
4	This place is downright delicious.I was craving cheese steaks as soon as I came back from philly and this place came recommended as one of the best in las vegas.  It's the only cheese steak establishment I've ever seen in sin city so I thought I'd give it a try and I'm sure glad I did.It's just a really good cheese steak.  That's all there is to it.  The bread is soft but not too soft.  The steak is cooked just like it would be in Philly and the toppings are plentiful and tasty.  There's also many different variations to choose from like the cheese, peppers, onions, and what kind of sauces you want on it.  I always go steak 'wit' provolone, peppers and onions.  Writing this review right now makes me want one.  I guess I'll have to settle for Philly's Best tonight, but that's another review.
4	I always see this place while driving over to my bf's house and I've always wanted to stop by and try it just because the big POP'S sign really stands out. I came here with my boyfriend a few nights ago to try it out. There was nobody there except for one worker who was cleaning up the eating area.We walked over to the menu to figure out what we wanted. We decided to get the #32 (mushroom/bell peppers/steak/cheese) to share with a side of chili cheese fries. I liked that you could watch the person making your food for you, there was even a sign that invited you to do so. The guy made our order pretty quickly and we took a seat at one of the high tables. First we tried the chili cheese fries, which was delicious. I love cheese whiz! Then we both took half of the cheesesteak and began eating. I knew it was Bomb after the first bite. It tasted even better after I stuffed some chili cheese fries in it! Yes, I know that sounds unhealthy, but I don't care! lol.All in all, this place was good. The worker could've been more engaging though. He didn't talk or smile at all, which made us not want to go back to the counter to order dessert. We just felt like we were bothering him or something, even thought there was no one else there.I'll definitely come back next time I'm in need of a late night bite!
4	So delicious!Can tell meat has something special source in it.
5	The Best Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich I have ever had. The fried green beans were good too. The fries were a good compliment as well. I thank my friend for taking me and introducing me to this marvelous eatery.
4	Excellent bread, excellent LEAN meat (I hate it when I get a disgusting piece of fat in there...none to be found at Pop's!), and the same traditional toppings as you'll find at Pat's or Geno's right in the city of brotherly love.I love that there is no indoor seating (it's in an old Wienerschnitzel building) because it adds to the character and uniqueness of the place, which I am always on the look out for.The sides are not the best or the cheapest, but hey, you came here for the sandwich.
4	Overall a pretty good cheesetake sandwich.  Though Capriottis is still my favorite.
4	Pretty far off the strip but definitely hits the spot after a night of drinking and clubbing.  They are also open 24 hours.  Plenty of cheese steaks on the menu, made a variety of ways.  We tried the cheese whiz steak, provolone, american, the hoagie, 3 cheese and chili, the chicken steak, and the bbq pork grinder.  I personally liked the bbq pork grinder the most.  The bbq sauce was addicting.  Then the 3 cheese and chili cheese steak since it had so much flavor.  About 10 dollars per cheese steak so not the cheapest you can find but definitely worth the trip out here and cost.
4	The best Philly I've ever had and I am not a huge red meat fan.  The sandwiches are huge my 2 teenage boys have a hard time finishing these so who cares if they're a bit pricey.Dang now I'm craving one!
5	POP's Philly Cheese steaks is BY FAR the BEST of the BEST when it comes to the most mouthwatering and delicious authentic Philly cheese steaks. Just walking up to the restaurant for the first time and smelling that wonderful aroma made my senses jump to life. And then placing my order with the highly skilled and very polite "grill man " made me feel like I was in Philly cheese steak heaven! All of the meat is sliced very thinly and there is NEVER any gristle or toughness. And the flavor is remarkable thanks to their special marinade! I've had the "mushroom steak with onions and provolone", "Peppers and mushroom steak with onions and provolone", "Three cheese steak with chili and onions", and of course the "Breakfast Grinder with steak" which is one of the best values on the menu! Every sandwich was perfect! The bread is to die-for and shipped direct from Philly. All ingredients are topnotch! You just can't go wrong at Pop's! It is super high quality food served in a fast and very courteous manner! The prices may seem a tad high at first but once you try one of their awesome sandwiches you will understand you are paying for the absolute best quality cheese steak you will get anywhere! The bottom line is that you won't be disappointed and you will probably find yourself making excuses just to go back again and again! Very Highly Recommended!
3	*sigh*  I really wanted to love this, but it was just ok.  After reading all the positive yelps and testimonials on Pop's website, I was expecting a fun and delicious experience.  I imagined myself giving my order to a gruff but charming grill master, who would ask me 'wit' onions? in an authentic Philly accent.  What I really got was a grill master who was just gruff and apparently couldn't hear my order, because when I got my cheese steak home, there were no onions on it at all!   Ok, the cheese steak itself:  the meat was not fatty or greasy, but slightly bland.  I enjoyed the cheese whiz and the bread was very good.  I think if they had included the onions, things would have been tastier.  Also, in the hours since eating the steak, I have been a bit 'indisposed', but this in and of itself has never been an index of whether I would return to a place if the food tastes good.  (masochist!)So all in all, I think I would try it again probably.  But I'll also try their competition in town and yelp the results.  :)
5	Bomb!! When you think, "cheese steak sandwich", then you picture one from here. Classic taste that is hard to find for some reason. Big portions. Don't take it for granted because its in your backyard. If this place was not here, you would miss it forever.
5	Philly steaks only come 2nd to bbq in terms of my favorite food. With that being said, this is one of my top 5 favorite places to eat when I'm home. Genuine cheesesteaks, which you can get with Whiz, provolone or American (go for the Whiz). They also have an awesome BBQ pork grinder with a great sauce. And its 24 hours, which is a HUGE plus.
4	Pastrami on a long roll, filled with Pastrami, grilled onions, pickles and mustard. Yes! Not the best but getting there.
3	I use to come here all the time when I lived in this area but haven't been back in awhile. Awesomely, they've expanded their menu and add fried zucchini, fried mushrooms, salad options, sweet potato fries and other cool side dishes they never had before! I'll have to try them with another visit soon.  This time I got chicken, provolone, onions and mushrooms. Sad to say, it lacked any flavor at all. Apparently the original owners had sold it and that could explain the change in quality. But still, I have to go back and try the yummy looking options they've added.They are also a walk up window and only have a few outdoor stools and tables to dine at, so be sure to be dressed accordingly with the weather if you decided to stay and eat there.
3	Not really a Philly steak sandwich fan ,but was intrigued by the building and the  reviews on yelp. We both had the Philly wit cheez whiz an mushrooms and onions. The meat is cooked and sitting in jus,  after u order cook puts meat on flat top w your toppings then put in bread they bring in from Philly . The meat is juicy and tasty, bread is soft and chewy. Liked the cheez whizz , onion and mushroom combination . The sandwich was extremely hot had to wait a couple mins to let it cool. We also ordered fries and fried okra. Fries and okra were made to order , the okra was the frozen stuff served with ranch, it was good not great same as the fries. I think I like capriottis cheese steaks a little better, but would come here because they serve fries :) and have more sides then just chips.   Our two phillys , fries and okra came out to $25, which is not cheap  , I'm glad I read the reviews on yelp , which said it was a little spendy, that's y we stopped by 7 eleven and bought a double big gulp for a couple bucks, saved a little there , I think I'll make it a quick tip . They also have hoagies  .  I will back to try the other menu items. I luv a sandwich shop that serves fries.
5	I thought that this place was going to be a very dull experience, just another sandwich place, but once I took my first bite I was hooked. I had the Philly with cheez whiz, mushrooms and onions. The roll was soft and fresh, the steak was sliced thin and very tender, the sauteed mushrooms and onions buried under all that cheese! It had all the flavors coming together in that first bite to make me raise an eyebrow. I would recommend this to everyone who loves a good Philly cheese steak.
5	I grew up in L.A. County, so there is an overwhelming amount of hole-in-the-walls/ mom n pop shops. Thats where my heart is. In summerlin, I don't see many of those but when I tried his place, I felt at home. Your typical sub sandwich and fried sides is quality worth every penny and brings comfort, and the food too. It's a walk-up shop with outdoor stool seating. The folks that work here are chill. Customers are able to watch the cooks do their thing. Seriously, they're diligent in making every sub just right. I've been here a few times and haven't had any disappointments. Try this place at least once.
4	I've been in Vegas for over 5 years now, and I've never tried Pop's before.  I've meant to, especially since it's open late (24 hours?) and I'm always up at weird hours.  But I just hadn't had the chance.  Last night, I wanted something quick and easy, so I headed over at 10ish.I got a #2 and a #4... a whiz steak and a provolone steak.  Both were delicious, with the whiz steak (obviously) being the better of the two.  But it still just can't hold a candle to the cheesesteaks in Philly.  I don't know what it is, but it's just not the same.  That being said, I'd assume Pop's is probably the best cheesesteak in Vegas, so I'll probably be back at some point.
4	Ever had a random convo about food with a random person in a bar? Well, this is where my convo ended up. Sitting at It's a Grind coffee shop on desert inn and durango at 3am, a couple stumbles in, orders, and bumps into me. As a rather "fluffy" guy, they asked if I knew anywhere for food and open late. I suggested Porchlight behind of the coffee shop, Girl 1 says I wants fried cheese, Girl 2 said steak and onions, I say "cheesesteak perhaps?" The couple then proceeds to say, "Follow us!!" I seriously got a little scared on the way there, kind of out of my comfort zone of West Vegas...but I'm here to say, TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!I ordered a regular cheesesteak with onions, half provolone, half cheese whiz, peppers, and onion rings as a side. SO GREAT, best cheesesteak i've ever had. Other notables are the fried zucchini, fried cheese, and hot wings. The menu is huge so take your time. I was rushed because the couple assumed I've been here before, put me in the front of the line.  Service was excellent, cook laughed at the randomness of our story.Get out there and try a TRUE philly. So great.
4	STILL da bomb! I brought my friends here last weekend while we were in Vegas, and they agree, fantastic cheese steaks!I got the one with bacon and mushrooms this time, DAMN it was good!The guys here are great, terrific service!
4	Found this place about 4 years ago while running some errands. I remember it was across from a car dealership and their tables were outside close to the Street. Well, it might not be at an ideal intersection or neighborhood but I'm always down for a good Philly!I've gone here 4 times (could of been much more but its kinda far from me) and this is what I've tried:Provolone Cheese Steak, Mushroom Cheese Steak, Peppers with Mushroom Cheese Steak and Cheese Whiz Steak  = All Excellent!!Fries: the fatter type when you can actually taste the potato! Must have with their cheese steaks!* Bread is made and flown from Philly, Sirloin Steak is cut, marinated, packaged and shipped from Philly, Wisconsin and New Jersy Cheeses but the Kraft Cheese Whiz is manufactured from Philly..... Did I mention that they get most of their stuff from Philly??!!!!! Can you say Authentic??!! Well, this place saves me from flying to Philadelphia to grab a cheesesteak because whatever their doing here, their doing it genuinely right!!If you want a Real and Excellent Tasting Philly Sandwich that'll fill you up for a fair price then I suggest trying this place out!
4	I might change this to a 5 after a few more visits. But sooo good. Love the Wiz! Philly style and 24 hours. Thankfully I don't live close. A little pricier than expected but, no actual complaints.
3	This place has really awesome pastrami sandwiches and deep fried green beans +  they're open 24hrs! Nice late night meal :)
4	I like Pop's for the middle of the night munchies.  Steak with mushrooms and provolone is my usual, with a side of fries.For some reason It's always really, really windy whenever I eat at Pop's.  I need to create an excel spreadsheet to find the correlation between barometric pressure and cheesesteak cravings.
4	The best cheesesteaks outside of Philly......the meat, the rolls and the cheese are the best
3	Stopped in for a bite. I've never been to Philly so I really have no clue what an authentic cheesesteak tastes like, I only know what I like. I was a big fan of Philly SteakOut at Trop/Ft Apache. I was terribly sad when it closed shop. Anyway, I ordered the cheesesteak with provolone and grilled onions. The bread was really good, the meat was pretty good, but overall it made me remember how much I miss that same sandwich from SteakOut. Since it is closed, Pop's will have to do. Don't get me wrong, it was the most tasty philly I've had in a long while. The cheese fries were real good. The husband is partial to the three cheese chili cheese.
5	Pop's is 'as good as it gets' when it comes to Philly cheesesteaks in Vegas. One of the main reasons I gave it 5 stars was because they use real whiz! It's underrated and great big portions for a reasonable price. The closest thing to a REAL Philly Cheesesteak that I've tasted in Vegas.
4	I have never been to Gino's and Pat's Steak in Philly but a friend of mine originally from Philly recommended this place and said its the closest you'll ever experience to taste the like of Gino and Pat's.We ordered the Philly Cheese steak and it was pretty good.  Meat was cooked just right that it wasn't chewy and first time ever trying Cheese Wiz on a Philly.  The cheese wiz was actually one hell of a good idea, tasted really good with the sandwich and different from what I expected if I would have just chosen the common cheeses such as provolone.The only difference from what my friend told me that would have made this equal to Pat's or Ginos was the bun used.  The bun in Pops was not that great in my opinion as well.  I have never tasted Ginos nor Pats so I can only go by from what he says.I do recommend this place however. Still the best Philly u can get in Vegas from what others I have tried so far.  Next time I'm going to try their breakfast sandwich......I have never said Philly this much in my whole entire life.
2	I would give this one star - except it's one of the few Philly Cheesesteak places in town.  Meat was dry and underseasoned.  Bread was decent.  Just no reason to ever go back.  Don't know why you'd serve a sandwich with meat as dry as this.
4	Need a cheesesteak at 4 in the morning? This is the place for you. Another review brought to you by Groupon. I've been meaning to try this place for years. Having passed by it from time to time I always think to myself, why haven't I been there yet. Well, I have seen and I have conquered. All I can say is I can't believe it took me so long. The atmosphere is pretty cool and they are QUICK with the orders. We waited no longer than five minutes for our entire order to be ready after paying. Even better, they cook it fresh.This place offer a great dining experience. I had the cheesesteak with mushrooms and whiz, my fella tried the cheesesteak with bacon and swiss. These sandwiches are no joke. Large and in charge. I could barely finish half of a half after also ordering some battered mushrooms and cheez whiz fries. We could definitely have shared one sandwich between the two of us.I found the sides to be fantastic. I tend to judge a place by it's sides and this place did it for me. They were greasy and delicious, even after a long car ride home. I'll definitely be back to try some more of their heart attack inducing menu items.
4	I'd read about Pop's in LV Weekly awhile ago and when the Groupon for this place popped up, we seized the opportunity and ventured over to Decatur to check it out.  I was surprised to discover it was an outdoor establishment with no indoor seating, and wasn't sure what to expect since the place doesn't look like much at first glance. But looks can be deceiving, and I was VERY impressed with the food -- everything is made to order, so even though we sat outside in the 60 degree evening to eat our phillies at one of the tables, the food was piping hot.  I liked that they had a few options for cheese since I'm not a cheese whiz fan, so I got provolone instead with peppers and onions and it was delish.  My boyfriend got the same and we shared the crunchy fried green beans with marinara sauce, which were very good.  Portions were pretty big so you definitely get a lot of food for your money.  I'd definitely go here again!
3	My roots run deep in Philly although I'm a florida boy at heart. I have always loved the steak and cheese sandwhich but haven't been able to find a good one in Las Vegas for a little while. I moved to Vegas 5 years ago and left behind one of the greatest philly cheese steak sandwhiches I have ever eaten. A place called D'Angelo's in a small town called Venice Florida. I have tried many many steak and cheese sandwhiches out here and Vegas and none compare to Pop's. The bread is always soft and more than enough meat to go around. Throw in the fact they are open 24 hours and booya. Loyal Consumer of POP'sVegas Villain
5	My husband loves Philly Steak sandwiches and we are always looking for good places to eat. I read that Pop's had the best in Vegas so that was our next stop. We ordered ours Phillies with bell pepper and onion. My son ordered with Chili beans. Sounds weird but he love it! In fact, we all loved our Phillies. They had so many different kids of sides too. We'll definitely go back to try the other sandwiches. Oh almost forgot, they are open 24 hrs. Love that!!
5	real good!
5	I love their sandwiches...really fresh and hot :)for some reason..I always go there after work out..maybe I feel like it's healthy and low calories or something..I've never heard bad thing about this place and never complained of this sandwich place!I love their mushroom + jalapeno sandwich! they have some good sweet potato fries too!!really fast but not so a instant food! have to try this place!!the best steak sandwich place ever!!
4	Good food. Had the cheese steak with wiz and onions. A lot of food and close in taste to Philly with only the bun kind of throwing it off. Not a bad taste but you can tell bread not from east coast. Stop by it'll be worth it.
4	Open 24-7, very friendly, generous amounts of meat and cheese on your sandwich!  How can you go wrong there?Sign up with your email address and you can print a BOGO coupon, which they do accept, as I used it just the other day.  They didn't hassle me at all and actually thanked me for stopping by.By the way, the rolls are amazing!  Super soft---a big sandwich.  Can't beat em.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! Awesome cheesesteaks...probably the BEST in Vegas!
5	The Menu is vast and clogged with cholestrol filling items. It was right up my alley. Love that its open 24 hrs. Wish the drive thru was open though.
5	This is one of our favorite places. The grill dudes are always awesome, I can get my out of towner and the boyfriend can get his classic. Yummy. Also they have fried okra! FTW!  I recommend this place to everyone looking for a good philly.
4	I have driven by this place a thousand times and it always catches my eye since I remember when all of those A-Frame buildings were Weinerschnitzel's back when I was a kid, but I digress. We drove in and my son started busting my balls since I told him were were going to a "restaurant" and this didn't look like a restaurant. I told him it was more like a food truck that didn't move and after that he was down for whatever. I came in with my Groupon and I wasn't exactly sure what to expect but based on the line and the people sitting around eating we hoped everything would be great. We were about 5th or 6th in line and since everything is made right in front of you it took about 15 minutes before it was our turn to order but once we saw our meats and veggies go down on the grill we knew it was worth the wait. We had the Chicken Mushroom Cheese Steak, the Beef Bell Pepper Cheese Steak and a plain Beef Cheese Steak and the Chili Cheese Fries. Everything was perfect and we will most definitely be back again soon. The only "for improvement" feedback I would have is that even with only 2 people working someone needs to get out and wipe down the tables outside since all of them were dirty when we started to look for a place to sit. BTW - if you register on their website they will email you a coupon good for a BOGO free Cheese Steak that is valid in the next 30 days. See you soon POP's!
4	I was drunk when we got to this place, but I am telling you - the food tasted amazing at 2am in the morning.
5	I did not eat here-my fiance did. He loved it! He is a big cheesesteak fan and critic and it passed his test!
5	This place is great, very filling and tastes good.  I get the bellpepper Philly with onions and fries. Can't beat it. Btw you gotta get some BBQ for your fries. You keep making delicious sandwiches, and ill keep coming.
5	Finally, I've found a cheesesteak place in Vegas that gets it right. Wiz, Amoroso rolls, steak and onions. Classic.Pop's even has the look and feel of an authentic Philly Cheesesteak place: order at the window, outdoor seating, food served in baskets. No question about it, if you're looking for authentic Philly cheesteaks, this is the place. Anyone who doesn't like these sandwiches also wouldn't like Pat's or Geno's or Jim's from Philly.
3	My mouth is open...insert cheesesteak please! I like this joint. I also like their sweet potato fries with coconut dipping sauce, mmmm yummy. You can smell the goodness just driving pass this place.Order to go and take your sandwich home to enjoy, That is the only downfall is it is on the corner of a busy street and there is only outdoor seating and it is always windy and the passing traffic noise and smell of cars whizzing by is annoying, tried this once for five seconds, was it enjoyable...not so much!Anyhow to order big so that you get full make sure you bring your largest wad of money, not exactly the cheapest place in town to get grub, for two of us to each order a large sandwich and an order of sweet potato fries and one soda. it set us back $38 bucks, seriously. Not the spot you want to hit up when you are low on cash and trying to grub. lol
4	The Philly's here are good, one of the better places in Vegas.  I usually get the Cheese Wizz Cheese steak with mushrooms and onions, along with a side of cheese fries.  They have a decent size menu with  cheese steaks, chicken philly's, hogies and more along that type of food.  The only set back is outdoor seating, not to nice mid summer and in the wind.  I suggest take out much better in front of a good sporting event.
4	I've never been to Philly, but if their cheesesteaks are better than these... man, I need to book a flight. The food is good here. The cheesesteaks are filling, have a ton of food, and are perfectly complemented by their fries. My only issue with them as that I feel like I overpay a little there. I know it's good food, but it's a cheesesteak! I think I paid like $13 last time I was there for my food. It's obviously not a ton of money, but I don't feel the place/food matches the cost. Still, though, it's good food. And they prep it super quick.
3	I didn't know there was so many different  cheeses to put on my Philly cheese steaks, he asked me what kind of cheese I wanted I was lost I said "Philly cheese" lol but on the real I love this place. the corner location scares me with so much speeding traffic i always think about a car or truck crashing into people trying to enjoy this place be safe...
4	This place is amazing. As a second generation of Native from Sin City we have been eating here since what seems like forever. Their cheesteaks are awesome! Meat, peppers, cheese etc are all artery clogging awesomeness! Only thing keeping this OG eatery from getting 5 stars is it is missing that fresh bread you expect from cheeseteaks on the east coast.Several opther maddening options on the menu as well...the pastrami chilli cheese fries will just haunt you in your sleep....that good.Love this place and will keep going back til I die. Hope fully not from an artery clogged heart attack.
4	Solid cheese steak. The prices were moderate; about $10 a sandwich. There were a variety of fried food options and many additions you could add to the sandwich (cheese whiz/mushrooms/peppers/etc). Good sandwich. Fries were pretty dry and plain but whatever, they were okay. Would go back again.
5	Awesome philly steaks!!  Loved the fried green beans and their okra!!  Service was fast and the workers were cool!!  Will definitely recommend to friends who hasn't tried it!!  My sister and her family have come here plenty of times!!  She recommended the Cheez Wiz philly so I will definitely be trying that out next time!!  Keep up the good work!!
5	Pops make a good philly cheesteak but it would be alot better if he did not talk as much.  Pops doesnt look that innocent.  He looks like he been in a prison cell before.
5	Where else in Vegas has got you covered 24 hours with gobs of cheese whiz?I don't get why you 4 star reviewers just can't toss on the 5th star?! Best cheesesteaks in Vegas and sticking to the roots with the walk up window...no competition!The fried green beans are a nice side, but you will be full after one cheesesteak, beware the extra cheese option because regular cheese is enough to drown in, delicious! I stick to cheese and onions and it's worth it every time!
5	i love cheesesteak...and this is probably gonna be one of the more authentic places in vegas.   I've been to a few in cali...but even their attitude is east coast here (not that i've ever been to philly haha).I heard people ordering in philly on the food network...."with or without"  wasn't sure what it meant but i didnt wanna be foolish so i just said "with"  guess it means onions LOL.I ordered the whiz cheesesteak and some wings.  they use the amarosa rolls from philly...shipped here from philly...and that is part of what makes the cheesesteaks good.  the wings flavor was pretty good...the wings themselves could be a bit crispier...but hey its not a wings joint...so good effort on the wings.I hate the straws they use for their soda...thats my one beef.i just noticed the coupon for 2nd steak at ,99 doh!  need to check with yelp more often!seating is outdoor only...but has a neat back to the past feel....i wanna try their chili cheese pastrami next hahaha yummmmmm
2	I know I'm in the minority here, but I did not enjoy this cheesesteak at all.  I had a CrowdSavings or Groupon thingy for it and maybe it was the fact that I took it home with me and ate it, but the grease from the onions just made the sandwich a soggy mess.  The roll didn't even taste all the fresh at all.Now I get to go through the rest of the day feeling like I have a bowling ball in my stomach.  I guess that's what I get for not eating greasy food all that often...I'll pass, thank you.  Those who like it can keep on going, but I will go elsewhere.
4	BOY!!!! This place is off the chain. Open 24 hours? Man you can't beat that. I simply LOVE this place. Why the 4 stars you ask, well for one thing I really didn't like their pastrami fries and yes it was enough to bump it down one star. For one thing I strongly believe that if a business/restaurant deserves 5 stars, you better believe that everything they serve and their customer service is top notch. And I failed to believe everything on the menu was good, but you better believe that their philly cheese steaks are probably the best I've tried in LV and in the Bay Area.The first time I was here I ordered the philly cheese steak with bacon and swiss #9. It was just as good as advertised and just as good as it looked while the cook was making it. I also ordered the cheese whiz fries and boy was that also yummy. I also ordered fried 'shrooms, and those little mouth watering bites were simply just awesome. It was the first time I tried anything mushroom fried in batter, and I was damn glad this place was my first. The second time I ate here I ordered the pizza philly cheese steak.....mmmmm, was that yummy it was like ordering on of my two favorite things and smashing it into one nice juicy hoagie. I also ordered cheese whiz fries again, but this time I had the master cook add some bacon in it, man was that good.If I really had more time to spend in Las Vegas, I sure would come here a few more times and try more off the menu. I also love the fact that this place is open 24 hours. With me being on Vegas party time and coming home about 3 or 4 in the morning after the casino, this place just becomes a savior.Thank goodness for Pops Philly Steaks open 24 hours and its yummy juicyness of flavorful cheeeeeeese steaks. Keep up the good work guys, when I'm back in town you better believe I'll be back for more! It's like philly cheese steaks from heaven. YUM!
4	This place is DANGEROUS.I ordered a Philly cheese steak with provolone and peppers thinking I'd be underwhelmed, but whoa, this was good. The bread was soft enough to soak up the evil meat juices but strong enough to protect my fingers. The sandwich was about the size of my head, but I easily could have eaten the whole thing if no one was around to judge me. I can't wait to go back after a night of drinking at Frankie's or any of the other area bars.
1	this place has good food but horrible service, they do not write down the order, they do no repeat your order to make sure it is correct.  they make you wait in the heat till they are done with what they are doing. there very expensive for being fast food - they charge you for everything, they have no "meals" but they make you purchase the fries when you didn't ask for it...not fair that is why the place is empty, people will try it once and never go back!!!
5	If you have never been here you are missing out. Best cheese steak in town, whiz and provolone for me!! Best of all, it is 24 hours.
4	Pop's make Philly Steaks like they do in Philly with Cheese Whiz!  I had a specific craving last week for a good Philly Cheese Steak sandwich so I Yelped and gladly found this place.I like my Philly Steaks with provolone cheese and the works; mushrooms, onions, and peppers.  This place did not disappoint.  The steak in these sandwiches are thick, and pack ina lot of flavor.  I was actually able to finish the entire thing in one sitting.  I love the french fries too.  This place has one of the best Philly Steaks I have ever tried.  The only downside was that it was scorching hot outside when we came here to eat and we were sweating while trying to enjoy our food.  They also serve Italian shaved ice here to cool you off but we didn't try it..  Good idea though.  The oustide atmoshere is pretty chill and a different way to enjoy the Vegas environment in the neighborhood in which the place resides. If you want a good, authentic Philly Steak sandwich, come to Pop's!
1	Wow how dare this place have the nerve to call themselves a Philly cheese steak place!!!!! I WOULD NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER GO BACK HERE!!!!!!!!!! YUCK There "Philly steaks" are tasteless its like eating bread filled with wood horrible. I was so pissed off because by driving by it looks like a place that would have great food and its always busy, So i decided to try this place I felt ripped off it was way over priced for lousy food. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, do not eat here if you like good food especially if your use to traditional Philly steaks!
5	We are from Philly and man o man, Pop's is the best we can find here in Vegas!  Too bad for the one location, though - if we could eat them every night we would!  Don't forget the Italian water ice!
3	What the heck I thought food in Vegas was supposed to be dirt cheap. If you can get a steak and eggs meal for under $5 it puts Pop's $8-10 sandwichs into perspective. Sides are expensive too at $4 for an In-N-Out sized paper tray! =/The did have variety on sides you can get cheez wheels, deep fried zucchini and deep fried okra. The side of sweet potato fries I ate wasn't bad at all, had good crunch (the number one thing I look for in a fry) and natural sweet potato flavor. The flavor was enhanced even further with this syrup dipping sauce that had a hint of cinnamon. =) I don't get how people can eat Cheez Whiz it's so processed it can't even be called cheese! I just didn't grow up with it, but apparently it's THE topping to get for Philly Cheesesteaks. You can even get a side of fries slathered with it here. This location was most likely converted from a Wienerschnitzel since it had the signature triangle roofline and drive-thru. The covered seating provided sheltered for our group when we experienced a spontaneous downpour during lunch. I enjoyed the mural of Benjamin Franklin affably holding a Philly Cheesesteak, just drives the point home that what is in his hand is indeed a Philly Cheesesteak and if you don't order one here you are un-patriotic! =p
1	I ate here before but will never eat here again. I should also note that my previous Yelp review of Pop's had been requested from Pop's! For a reward of  'FREE french fries' in which they did accept but that's just like cheating in my opinion. Where's the yelping officials on this one?After working on the pops cheese steak truck for one day I realized this is not a steak and cheese at all. It's frozen meat "NOT FRESH" and they precook lots of that frozen meat and let it sit in water until ready to reheat for you to eat.  sound good I think not. I won't get started on the sanitation of this place, pop's and pop's cheese steak truck must have it easy with the heatlh department because I don't even think he has soap on the truck for washing hands. If I were you and looking for a steak and cheese I would look up other alternatives like some of these new food trucks around town like the "Yellow Lunch Box Truck" or "Food Slingers" in which they both serve fresh meat and it's even fresh rib eye. For a lower price as well. The Vegas Villain
4	So they have the amaroso rolls shipped here from philly. Authentic? Ive never been to pat's or geno's so im not sure how itz suppose to taste. But this is one of the better ones in town. Definitely get points with having cheez whiz..mmmmm...the price was a lil high (9.50$) but was well worth it...they got a great thing going here
4	This has been my go to cheesesteak place for many years. Being from the Philly area, this has been one of the best choices for cheesesteaks, no matter how far I have to drive to get it. They're much better if you can eat there, but tables are outside and weather doesn't always cooperate. Prices have gone up but its worth it. Go on your birthday for a free tastycake...yum! I like to order my cheesesteak with extra cheese. Staff is pleasant.
5	I've eaten here numerous times..... tried many different sandwiches here, what's great as well about this place is that it's open 24 hours. Located near Arizona Charlies on Decatur and Alta.
4	I absolutely love this place, one of the very few 24 hr spots with delicious food. Cheese whiz sauce on top of good steak! I love it and will continue to spend money here =)
5	Best cheese steak in Las Vegas!! Always hot & made to order.  Whiz is a rare option in Las Vegas so, it was great to see it offered.  Peppers & onions are crisp yet tender as well as the fried okra.
3	The Good:  A mom and pop's hole in the wall, called Pop's Philly Steaks.  They are open 24hrs, I don't know if I would hit this place up too late as it is in a bit of a sketchy area.  Good solid cheesesteaks.  Not quite as good as the ones I had in Philly.The Bad:  Tiny lot and only a few outdoor tables.The Ben:  If you are craving some cheesesteak wit whiz then it might be the fix you need.
2	For me, the food has to be delicious. And I have to see value in purchasing a delicious meal. There's been a lot of hype recently over Pop's Philly Steaks--especially now that they have a food truck running (I see them parked in front of LVAC and downtown for Vegas StrEats.) A few of my friends went down to their free-standing restaurant to eat and said the food was awesome! They're 24-hrs which totally works with my hectic schedule. So I made it a point to stop by. I went around 10 or 11pm. No crowd, little wait, quick service. The food is cooked right there in front of us and they prepare everything "to-go." I ordered a Philly with onions and provolone and a heaping portion of fried okra luxuriously served in a large paper bag. My meal cost approx $15 w/o a drink.I think Pop's is simply a hot sandwich. Not particularly flavorful or delicious. It's alright food, I would just rather spend my $15 elsewhere. I might give them another shot in the future. I've heard this place is hott on the cheese whiz. But overall it was a mediocre meal. Not bad food, just maybe not my kinda food. The seating is entirely outdoors (not so great for the hot summer days or cold winter nights)--make sure you dress appropriately.
3	My boyfriend and I went out to grab a philly at 2am a few weeks ago, and it was pretty good. The sandwiches were a little expensive, at least in my opinion, but they were full of meat and toppings, so I can't complain too much. As for flavor, well, to be honest, I've had much better. These weren't  bad, just not that great. Plus, they have no restroom, which is really weird for a food place. It's also not the cleanest place around, but I suppose that's part of it's seedy tasty charm. :P We'll probably be back at some point, simply because it's open so late, unless we find something better.
3	Way over-rated.  My boyfriend and I got two sandwiches, one regular and one whiz.  The meat is too salty and doesn't taste like anything special.  I did enjoy the whiz which is the only sandwich I recommend.
1	If you think this is an authentic Philly Cheese Steak, you have clearly never been to the city of brotherly love. The one star is for the bun, it actually was pretty good. All down hill from there.The "steak" which seemed to be just as quality as a SteakUm you would get in the frozen section at the grocery store, was greasy and lacked any kind of seasoning! The only flavor was from the onions. Definately not returning, not worth another try...: (
5	Probably my favorite drunk food of all time. I've lost count of all the 3 a.m. stops Papa D and I have made here to get our favorite #2 - a cheese steak w/ whiz, just like they do in Philly. We even had our Christmas Eve dinner here two nights ago, much to our kids' delight.It may not look like much, but they make some tasty cheese steaks!
5	#32 Peppers & Mushroom Cheese Steak is grilled sliced beef with grilled peppers, onions, mushrooms, and your choice of cheese. This is the best cheesesteak I have ever had! I've had them in Philadelphia and, I have to say, POP'S is so much better. The meat is to die for! It is cooked to perfection - juicy and full of flavor. The vegetables are cooked with the meat so the uber beef flavor envelops the vegetables like a warm blanket. Just like Pat's, they served Cheez Whiz. If you're not a fan, try it on the side first. The provolone cheese melts to a gooey goodness and covers every bit. The Amoroso bread is wonderful. It has a sturdy crust on the outside, light and airy on the inside. It has a subtle french/sourdough taste to it which works great with the steak. Thumbs up, way up!
4	Yummy food with a really good value. I have now been here twice in less then a month. First time was by stumbling onto it on accidents while trying to find another Philly cheese place I had a coupon for. They have a walk up window where you watch the grill master make your sandwiches.Both times I got the mushroom, pepper and onion philly.Juicey, cheesy and big! Room mate got the pastrami both times as well. Another big juicy sandwich. I normally don't like pastrami minus a place in Cali name The Hat! Stole a bite to try it and may actually get it next time. We have had the fried green beans , yummy with a thick ranch sauce. The sweet potato fries with some sort of coconut dipping sauce. They should be considered a sin. So sweet and yummy. Whole reason I went back a second time was to have my friend try them with a to go order.Also had the banana fosters bites. First one was yummy second one was ok, third one I only had the half of before I stopped eating it. Tasted like warm banana pudding with a soggy graham cracker crust and deep fried with a thin batter. Think they were store bought  rather then made on location. A good thing to try in a group but I won't be ordering them again for just me.  Prices are good for the amount of food you get. Main and pretty much only draw back I can think of is no indoor seating. Definitely going back more in the summer . Right on the street and fun to watch passing traffic but in the winter its a bit to cold. We wolfed down our food as quickly as we could the first time, and wised up the second time with a to go order. If you like Philly Cheese this is a great place to go  and well worth the drive even if it is across town!
5	This is the best place to go for a cheesesteak in Las Vegas.
5	Its an outdoor place, you walk up, place your order and either take it to go or sit at an outside table which is fine with me.  This is the BEST PLACE IN THIS TOWN to get a Philly steak.  I have tried a few others and there is one that is close to this in Anthem, however, this place is a little cheaper in price, the sandwiches are bigger and the sandwich is meatier.  All around this is the best place in town to get a Philly Steak and is worth the drive from Henderson.  I know Anthem is closer, this place here is much friendlier, the food is better and the price is better.  It is a FANTASTIC PLACE and if you know Philly Steaks, you cannot miss a stop at this place at least once while in Vegas.  AND THIS PLACE IS OPEN 24/7.....
2	I really wanted to give this place a good review, but, alas, I can't. I have been there only twice, but I doubt my stomache will allow me to return.....The first time, I ordered the steak sub, got sick and thought it was just me...Went back last week to give it another shot, again, ordered the steak with mushrooms (which Pop's claim ALL their ingredients are fresh...nope! CANNED mushrooms..YUCK!) And now here I am 2 DAYS LATER still throwing up. Tried to email them, yet their email is INACTIVE! SUPER EXPENSIVE! The only thing I enjoyed was the smart mouth of the "Grill Master" Steve S. Will spend my money at Port of Subs before I return.....
1	In the worst of times people often think of the best of times.  Rex is no exception.  Gather around kids and let Uncle Rex tell you a story...when Rex was a small child he spent many a month on the East Coast. It was a magical time.  My father, who beat young Rex mercilessly if Rex called him anything but "The Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora", was originally from the Northeast.  My father was an odd man, a brutal man, a man with big dreams and small child like hands.  On my fifth birthday he brought Rex with him as he knocked over a 7-11.  As Rex helped him tie up the store clerk he let me pick any one thing Rex wanted in the store.  Young Rex wandered around the store, trying very hard to not step in the pools of blood, Rex saw the object he wanted...Rex turned and said "Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora can Rex have THAT?"  He nodded.  Rex kicked the 87 year old man laying on some of it...and picked it up. It was a bag with a delicious cheesesteak in it.  Rex danced. Rex smiled. Rex took the wallet of a crying soccer dad.  Rex was happy.  Rex and Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora drove down the street, the sound of sirens in the distance fading...the smell of the cheesesteak wafting into Rex's young nasal passages.  A great cheesesteak is a gift from above.  A wallet filled with 20 dollar bills and an unused condom...icing on the cake.  After we divided the ill gotten booty, Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora always took 70% (until I turned 9...but that is another story)...Rex ate his cheesesteak.  Perfect bread. Juicy shredded meat. Perfectly cooked onions. The right amount of whiz. Juice ran down Rex's chin. Juice ran down Rex's hands. Rex shook in delight. That memory, and the 8 months Rex spent on the run after Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora ratted him out...will always be with him.Pops Philly Cheesesteak is not only an insult to that memory it is an insult to all things with meat, cheese, bread or even hot foods.  The front page of the their website has a picture of their pitiful attempt of a cheeesteak...one of one of their abominations has green pepper on it. GREEN PEPPER!!  Let me explain something to all of you who are not from Philly...IF there was a place in Philadelphia that put green bell peppers on their cheeseteak...THE CITIZENS WOULD BURN IT DOWN!!!  It is ABSOLUTLEY 100% NOT ALLOWED IN ANY PLACE IN PHILADELPHIA!! Even if asked they WILL NOT DO IT!  So, first and foremost this is NOT A PHILLY CHEESESTEAK PLACE!!! IT IS NOT! END OF STORY!Apologies. Rex passed out and needed a shot of "Happy Serum" to get up right again...what is "Happy Serum" you ask...heathen...it is 1 part gasoline, 1 part peach schnapps, 1 part wiper fluid. Anyway, now that we have established this is not a Philly cheesesteak, let's talk about it from a cheesesteak on it's own merits.  First, the rolls are good, the sad part is you can tell the bread is shipped frozen or frozen after it gets to Pops.  Big mistake. It really messes with the bread. It isn't bad, but again it isn't East Coast good.  Cheese...never enough. Never. If you get provolone instead of whiz it is almost non-existent. Shame on you for skimping on the cheese.  The Whiz isn't bad sometimes but more often than not there isn't enough.  The meat isn't bad. It is done well, with one BIG problem...it is often dry. Not enough oil or cooked and then recooked, whatever the reason it is not great.  If you get to Pops on the right day and get lucky, and order correctly, it isn't bad...but the overall consistency is not there.Lastly...the "Philly" part of the menu...the Tastycakes, the birch beer, the rest of it...all WAY TOO EXPENSIVE! At Glaziers Market you can get all the stuff for 1/5th of the price.  Here is my biggest problem...Pop's plays on East Coast memories and locals who don't know any better. That is the biggest crime. It isn't Philly. It isn't a great cheesesteak. It is over priced. It is inconsistent. It just isn't right. It just isn't good.  Most of you will never know better unless you go back east (and my next review for Pizza will tell you how to find GREAT east coast food), and they KNOW you don't know. Pop's has been a place I have tried off and on for almost 8 years.  Rex wants to love it. Rex needs to keep trying every 2 years or so...but much like when his father turned him into the cops at the tender age of 5...Rex is always hurt by Pops. Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora and Pops...shame on you...you know better. Rex knows better. Rex deserves better. So does everyone else.
2	Went here in January. Wasn't anything special and they were out of pastrami so I didn't get a sandwich. My hubby ordered a cheese-steak. It didn't appeal to me enough to beg a bite from him and I was really hungry.. I ended up ordering by phone from the Blue Nile restaurant (yummy Ethiopian food - great choice). I did have a few fries though. They were alright. Only went once and was not really impressed enough to try it again. There are far too many culinary delights in Vegas to waste time on the mediocre. You are not going to miss out if you skip this place for another random sandwich shop.
5	If your hungry at 1, 2 or 3 in the morning and don't want to spend over $10 for your meal, well look no further. POPS is open 24 hours and the sandwiches and sides here are just so yummy!!!!The sandwiches are made to order, and are great! I usually get the chili fries or deep fried okra as a side to go with my sandwich. It's an outdoor walk-up orders type kind of place. Open outdoor seating. It's in a convenient location near Meadows Mall, right on Decatur. Easy to drive pass this place, but I'm sure you won't miss the huge POPS writing on the roof! Parking lot is small, but there always a spot you can get since they are super fast with getting orders made. Don't worry for those who are not really into philly cheese steak sandwiches, they have salads and chicken and other options as well. So there's always something that everyone can order. This is a place that i highly recommend!!! Well worth your $10-15!
4	Pops hits the spot when you are craving greasy food at midnight.  Chili cheese fries are yummy!  Hit up this spot if you are in vegas!  Will def come again.  :)
4	Best cheesesteak I've had, very good and nicely proportioned.  It's been here since forever, so you know it is good if they are still around.  I usually order the cheese wiz with onions, even though I don't like onions, they are very sweet and tender.They also have some of the best chili cheese fries I have had.  Give em a try and see if you agree.Only bad thing is the fact that it is 100% outside, so if the super hot, crazy cold, windy, rainy, etc weather that we always seem to have, it's not a very good place for lunch or dinner.  But when the weather permits, have a philly!
2	Always wanted to stop here, finally did after 6 years, could have waited 6 more.  I was disappointed. Not as good as I was hoping for.  I think it was close to $12 for a pretty small Cheese Steak.  I will bedriving by next time.
2	Okay, the friends ravvvved about this place... and um, it was not up to par. Apparently, it was a no-no to go on a Thursday night. The Best "Grill Master" works on Friday and Saturday Night...So, if you go, go one one of those days... I must say though, the fried okra was awesome!
2	Ordered fried mushrooms and okra for myself and hot wings and fries for my husband. *- Okra was really good but the mushrooms was horrible! It tasted as if the mushrooms were over-due or something. I also couldn't help but notice that everything wasn't freshly prepared. Everything was frozen until ordered. -* husband likes the wings and fries. I didn't get a chance to try any because I was so disgusted with the mushrooms. Made me lose my appetite.
1	BLECK!they pre-cook there flavorless meat and veggies.... do i really have to say more?the "sandwich" tasted like one of those ones you take out of the freezer and put in the mircowave for 2 minutes....i barely would even consider there food edible if starving to death.just gross.and just a side note, it was 11 for the sub... you can get 2 subway footlongs for the same price and skip the chance of food poisoning
5	I am fanatical about cheesesteaks. Some friends and I used to road trip from VA to 9th and Passyunk in Philly to put Pat's and Geno's head to head. (Pat's wins that battle, by the way.)Anyhow, POP's is even more fanatical about cheesesteak. Look at their website and the detailed manifesto explaining why they use Liberty Steaks, Amarosa Bakery rolls and other carefully sourced and authentic ingredients.It shows in the finished product, a Pat's style sandwich with ribeye chopped on the grill. I order mine wit extra onions (caramelized to a beautiful brown) and Cheez Whiz. I recommend you do the same. Can't go wrong with the classics.This is a true Philly style experience with a walk up counter, metal tables on a patio, and a mural of Ben Franklin on the wall, and it's open 24/7. It's a half hour drive for me but well worth it. Best cheesesteak in Vegas, easily.
4	this place is a total hole in the wall. the parking lot is small and if you don't take it to go, you have to sit outside to eat. when you walk up to order, there's a guy that's making the cheese steaks as you order... we ordered a regular cheese steak with peppers, onions and mushrooms... when we got our food, we sat down and took my first bite.... YUM! it was pretty darn good....slightly bland but still definitely worth trying. next time i go to vegas, i'd go again.if you can't make it to their location, i noticed they do have a food truck too.
4	OMG!24 hour casual drive in place. Outdoor seating only, gets a little windy there.Philly cheese is their specialty and WOW are they good at it.Got the #32 with mushrooms & peppers with some provolone. The only thing you need to remember is to get plenty of napkins.This is oozing, dripping goodness!
5	We have been visiting POP's for years!  We are never disappointed by the food.  Awesome Philly Steak Sandwiches.  LOVE their onion rings. I love the quirkiness of eating outside.  Every time we have out of towners we take them here!
4	Best cheese steaks in all of Vegas! if you're a big fan of philly's and want something as close to a real steak from Philly this is your place. There is no indoor seating but during the nicer times of year it is really nice to sit outside on the patio. I found this place on accident just after moving to Vegas 4 1/2 years ago and i've been hooked ever since. Love love love Pop's!!
5	I always order a "#32" when I'm in their neighborhood, and I'm NEVER disappointed.If they were located in South Philly, I can tell you that GENO'S would be worried!The food is awesome, it's served up with a smile by friendly folks, and best of all, the place is open 24/7.If you are addicted to Philly Steak Sandwiches (as I am), made by some folks who are actually FROM PHILLY, stop by and check them out.You'll become addicted, too.
2	Maybe I was there at the wrong time. Maybe the cook had a bad night. Drove past this place so many times over the years and never stopped. The lack of flavor made me wish I had kept going. Had a #4 Philly w/ provolone and side of chili fries. It was all bland. Wish I could have had one of the great Philly's I read about in the other reviews but not so lucky.
3	Good food but it's over price better off going to subway.
3	It's good and the sodium levels are not as high as other places. You can really taste the flavor of the beef but if it cools down then it'll start to taste kind of bland, it's better to eat it right away while it's hot. I love how it's 24/7 and the staffers are friendly. I usually get a #4, #6, #34 and I have yet to try # 32. If you want an awesomely tasting cheese steak but without the added sodium (salt) then I would highly recommend POP's.Sometimes I get the Chilli Cheese fries with pastrami which is also good but can make you kinda heavy.Some say the cheese steak is bland but that's because there isn't as much salt like other places which can really alter the flavor/taste of the cheesesteak., so if your lookin out to have more foods with less salt then I recommend this place.I don't think the drive through actually works to get your order, I mean I went to POP's like 33 times and it doesn't look like they actually take orders in the drive through, if they did, i'd probably give POP's another star.
3	Uhm... maybe I am slightly judgmental because I have been to Philly. I remember going to Pop's a few years ago, and thinking it was amazing. That was pre-Philly and pre-Philly Steakout.The Steak:Pop's is okay. I ordered the traditional with the whiz and onion. It was fresh. The bread was soft, but it wasn't anything to write home about. You can honestly buy meat from the butcher near the Meadows mall, and recreate something just as tasty yourself.The Italian "ice":A total miss. I adore real Italian ice, which was my main reason for stopping by. This tasted like a masked popsicle. Such a disappointment!I would go back if I was in the area, but I'm sticking to Straight from Philly Steakout.
3	Just OK.Use to be much better.Philly steak is unseasoned, however  I do like the pastrami fries. Over priced for not being one of the best tasting philly steak joints.
4	I love Pop's! The cheese whiz is what I order with extra whiz and provolone (yep it is cheeeeeeezzzy) and onion. I am never disappointed. I love that they have "wise" chips as well.My husband can eat a whole sandwich and be satisfied I personally can only eat half then save the other half for later it is well worth the money. This last visit was nice because there was no line! Sometimes there is a line but it moves real quick. I recommend it to anybody that loves cheese steaks and all who think they don't.It is on a old school original A-frame wiener schnitzel and if it is your first time you can drive through the middle of the "A" but don't think there is a drive-thru to order food it is simply a place to get you back on the road you must park in the lot and walk up to the window.The "Mozzarella Sticks" and "Cheese Whiz Fries" are super yummy.You can sign up for their e-club and get coupons and deals.I have seen that they now have a food truck as well at a couple food truck events so give it a try!
5	This is "fast food "  Los Angeles style. I say L.A. because you see places like thisall over... but what sets this apart from most is the food. Nothing mediocreabout it. The sandwiches are huge (enough for 2) and very tasty. The Italian wasexcellent and would have done A -1 Imports in Long Beach,Ca. Proud. You canget "bananas foster". Deep fried string beans. I got this stuff home and opened thebags -- my sweeties ' eyes damn near popped out - the food is great looking buttastes even better than it looks -- that sandwich made me cry, for God's sake. Ihonestly wiped tears from my eyes.
5	I didn't have my first Philly cheesesteak sandwich until I was about 35 on a trip to Philly.  I fell in love.  Pops is the best in vegas for the authentic taste.  They even fly their bread in from Philly (something about the water in Philly makes it better).  It really is a true taste of Philly... you gotta try it.
3	Got the chili cheese fries which were pretty darn good. Boyfriend and I got the provolone and steak sandwiches. The meat had no flavor and pretty much sucked. I'm thinking it would have tasted better with the cheese wiz because the cheese had yummy flavor to it. Definitely was on the pricey side for a sandwich.
3	Well, I tried.I've lived in the Philadelphia area my entire life. I've eaten cheesesteaks at several different places, so I like to think I know what I'm talking about. I was looking forward to trying Pops, as many people have said they're the most authentic in the city.Well, they tried too, but unfortunately, it wasn't the experience I'm used to from Philly. The meat wasn't browned enough. The roll was somehow too soft, which is weird because they use the same Amoroso rolls that are used in Philly. And then the whiz.... they poured it on top of the meat. Travesty, I tell you. In Philly, they mix it in with the meat so that you have an equal bite of cheese to meat. I honestly didn't think it'd make much of a difference, but i had a ton of cheese in the bites I took from the top of the sandwich, and no cheese on the bottom of the sandwich. They did have tastykakes though. That made me pretty happy. I also like how they're open 24 hours a day. I'll have to try one of their breakfast hoagies (incorrectly named by Pops as "Breakfast Phillys".... honestly, if you go into a sandwich shop in philly and ask for anything called  "philly", they will not know what you're talking about).So why the three star review if I was dissatisfied? Well, I hate giving low reviews to perfectly good businesses. I'm sure what I ate was a great sandwich. For people from Vegas who want a good cheesesteak, this is a great option. For people from Philly who've had the real deal however, you may be a little disappointed that it doesn't taste like it's from back home.
2	As someone from the Philly area, driving by had me pretty excited. Pop's looks like Pat's! However, I got a cheesteak, with whiz, onions, and peppers- but they forgot the flavor.  Everything about it was bland.  I couldn't differentiate between the meat and the onions. It was weird. And the bread was awful- it was soft and did not taste like an Amoroso. Looks were most definitely deceiving. That said, the patio is great! And so were the sweet potato fries.
4	OK, so maybe not the best cheesesteak I've ever had, but mostly that was because of the bread, which is mediocre at best. The steak itself makes up for that and then some or I'd have given this a lower rating. I'd say it's not like a "Philly" cheesesteak and you can probably get a better cheesesteak within the New York - Philly corridor, and maybe slightly outside of that area... But honestly, out on this side of the country where you can't bake good bread, it's the best you'll find for a thousand miles. Great cheesesteak, interesting but fun atmosphere, worth the drive way off the strip.
5	I had the number 6 today, Philly steak with provolone cheese and mushrooms for $9.99 and it was great! It came with onions and was a footlong. I didn't have the appetite for more otherwise I would have gotten sweet potato fries, maybe next time.
1	order the pork grinder (my favorite) .. only to be bone chunks and fat..guess i'll have to find another favorite
3	Came here for some late night munchies. Had the cheese steak. Everything was already precooked, and the cook just took the meat out of the holding oil, placed it on the bun, toppings, then slapped it together and sent it out. LAME!! I know at 3 in the morning it can't be that busy where you can't make the ingredients to order.. Sigh..BTW: came in here pretty hammered after going to the bar with some of the fellas from work. Wish I could remember more, but I couldn't :)))
2	Not a fan of the philly cheese steak here. I thought all sandwiches were made fresh to order but not Pops. They have many different sandwiches but I ordered a classic philly cheese steak, as I was leaving the front window I see the cook pull meat out of a pan that had been pre cooked already, right then and there I was disappointed. Sandwich was okay and a little greasey. I haven't been here in awhile and maybe they have changed their ways of cooking a fresh philly, at least I hope so.
5	I was actually really impressed with this place.  After going out you know you want something delicious and this is a great spot.  The food is amazing I usually get the Cheese Wiz because let's face it when getting a Philly the only cheese you should put on it is Cheese Wiz.  The Fried Okra was amazing!!!! I haven't had that good of Fried Okra since I lived in Texas.
5	I give Pop's five stars, with great relief. I live near Pop's and pass it all the time, but had been reluctant to try them out. I am very picky about steak. In fact, I don't even like Geno's (sorry) and consider Jim's the only place for me whenever I'm in Philly.For my first visit, I ordered the #32 mushroom & peppers with Provolone. What a hot, delicious mess! I'm glad I ordered it to go and ate it in my own kitchen. Seriously, the bread is a little too soft to support all the fillings. It was damn good otherwise, maybe needs a little mayo and/or ketchup for the "salt" factor. The meat seemed to be of good quality and I didn't end up gagging on any fat or gristle, thank god. I will definitely be back for more, especially since I don't have to worry about the place closing before I get there. Open 24 hours and not McDonald's is a win in my book.
3	I enjoy going to POP's from time to time in order to enjoy a nice cheesesteak. Unfortunately, their location isn't close to home or in a place I frequent very often. It is worth driving out of the way for, however, to satisfy my craving.I always order the #2 Cheese Whiz Steak with onions. The gorgeous pictures on their menu always tempt me to order something different, but the memory of that gooey delicious cheese on top of tender steak just trumps all other urges. When it comes to sides, I've had the fried zucchini and the whiz wheels. The zucchini was alright. Nothing to write home about really. I didn't care for the whiz wheels. When asked what they were, they described them to be "like fries." They're nothing like fries. Rather, they remind me of Asian shrimp chips.The service isn't amazing. Half the time, the person working behind the grill is very inattentive; doesn't really greet you and merely waits for you to order without saying anything. The patio eating area is a bit run down. The stools aren't the most comfortable to sit on either, but I guess it's part of POP's charm.
5	always loved this spot even under different names - grillmen are friendly and steaks are tasty...they go to the trouble of ordering amoroso bread in from philly giving the steaks that true philly feel.big ups, mad love. this is my fav cheesesteak on this side of the country.
3	Everyone has a different opinion about Pop's, after a three week craving for Philly cheesesteaks, I came here after work to give it a try. I can see why the reviews are so mixed. The flavors of the sandwich is delicious, but does it warrant the price? Yes and no. The pros: The bread is soft and spongy with a toothy bite to it. The filling is cooked on a well seasoned griddle which picks up more flavor as the day goes on. The Cheese Whiz is plentiful. The fried zucchini were some of the best I have had. They are not freshly made, but the batter holds firm. The cons: The meat and fixings was on the skimpy side. Some of the sides are worth the $3.95, but items such as the pretzel costing that much is ridiculous. Especially since they are so cheap to produce. One item I am tempted to go back for is their breakfast philly. From 7am-10am, or something close to that, they run a special where it is only $5. That would be worth another visit.
4	Great food! Love sitting outside when the weather is nice, watching the cars go by while eating a yummy cheesesteak. It's quite a distance from where I live, but it's worth it!
4	Ok, so im from philly. So this review is for you transplants who may want to consider eating here. If you grew up in or around philly (im from lower bucks), you know how a cheesesteaks supposed to be made. The guys are supposed to take your order,  grill up the meat, grill the onions& peppers alongside the meat, add the cheese and hash it all together with a spatula. Then its supposed to be served on a foot long (aka 18") hoagie roll. Pops did it a bit differently. The meat & veggies were precooked and sitting to the side of the grill. The cook took a scoop of each and put them on the grill, stirred them up a bit, and added my cheese. Then he took a roll, opened it and put it on top, scooping it up so that the cheese was only on the bottom of the roll. The taste was still pretty authentic, but i wish id gotten mine fresh. The "restaurant" itself was similar in feel to an old-time drive in restaurant, except it did have a covered patio with 6 or 7 tables. Very dive-y. I liked it. In conclusion, this was a perfect spot for a post-drive in movie date (10 minutes away on rancho), fun, and a decent cheesesteak, at least for vegas. Ill be back for sure. A solid 4 stars.
4	The Cheesesteak is the best in Vegas.  Outdoor seating only.  Go when the weather is nice.
4	Delicious Philly steaks. Made fresh. Best sauce for sweet potato fries.
5	Pops is the ONLY place in vegas where you can get a good philly, the way you want it.  The best in vegas hands down!!!! Its Craveable!! As for the other comment i never had my meat pre-cooked and ive lived in vegas my whole life and have been eating at pops since 2002 when it opened. Nonetheless they are the best!
4	I wuz hunger for sum Filly chezsteek. So I cam too Pup's Filly Sticks on dekatur. Urijinally I wans a chez bruger at In & Owet. But it no stop my hunger. I was dissapoint. I ordur da numbur 2. It had Cheez Wiss on it. It wuz berry god.  I no have the hunger no moar. Also it ownlee cost 9 dollurs. I will come bak some they. I giv dis playce fur stars.
2	its a cheese steak. it tasted a little bland. i dont have that much of a craving for cheese steaks and when i do theres other places i can goto.
5	Great quick stop for a Philly Cheese Steak, especially if you are up late or getting off work in the early hours of the morning (as my fellow gravies do). The fries are good, the Phillys are excellent, and the cook is always tip worthy.If you are planning to eat "in" then wear a nice thick jacket in the winter as the seating is all patio.
4	Dang... what a great philly cheesesteak found in the middle of the desert in Las Vegas! It was tad expensive ($9.50?) but it was well worth it. It had a good amount of grilled bellpepper, mushroom, onion, and of course, cheesesteak... Delicious! I also had a chilly fries and it was ginormous... My friend and I barely finished our own chessesteak and chilly fries.They were greasy, delicious, large portion and mouth-watering.. Too bad I don't go to Vegas too often.. When I visit Vegas again, I will make sure to come back to this place!
5	The most legitimately Philidelphian Cheesesteak Joint in Las Vegas.The way they select the meats for their sandwiches is superb. Fat and stringy beef, just like the ones in the East Coast when I was a child. When you chew your bites, the meat sort of falls apart and melts in your mouth. I have spent years trying to find the "right cheesesteak" in Nevada and California for ages. The problem I noticed when it comes to ordering a cheesesteak in any place is not Philidelphia is that the establishment can't get the ingredients right. They usually love to bastardize the recipe with their "lean, organic, and fat free" ingredients that fuck up every aspect of the experience, the taste, texture, and even the look. I couldn't believe how many people can bungle a SIMPLE recipe of melt-in-your-mouth CHEESE... and steak. A proper cheesesteak is a sloppy and messy one. Sort of like a Sloppy Joe, but cheesy. Its where the wrapping paper still has bits of that "cheese paper" still encrusted and stuck to the sides after you are done and you feel like you want to lick it off your fingers and the trash. Cheesesteaks should have a pungent, cheesy, and greasy odor that alerts the entire block within the vicinity of your possession of a good cheesesteak. And many restaurants couldn't even get the basic concept of it right. I was about to give up in frustration until I looked online and found this place on Yelp. My first impression was, "You guys are full of shit", but I had extra money on me so I ordered a classic cheesesteak with fried okra. After the first bite, I went into a epileptic seizure where I relived my best moments as a 6 year old, experiencing authentic Philly Cheesesteak for the first time as a kid. From what I was told by the hospital staff, the cooks found me lying on the sidewalk with yellow cheesy saliva foaming on the edges of my mouth, and paramedics picked me up to drop me off at Sunrise Hospital. My diabetic stroke was worth it!
1	How do people think this is a real philly cheesesteak? The meat has NO FLAVOR, the mushrooms are clearly out of a can and taste gross and have no flavor at all. Its in a shady location but it does have a legacy behind it. Its cool that its open 24 hours but it tastes SO BAD so who cares?!. Tried the Italian ices and they tasted awful as well. Stay away from this place. Looks really dirty as well there are other places I would choose over this place for sure.
4	All it was hyped as. Sandwich was tasty and the roll soft. I was very happy.
3	A bunch of us stopped by here for lunch on a work day and I wasn't disappointed.We went on their website and printed a coupon and figured we'd try it out.Now I've been to all the top Philly joints in Philadelphia and I don't keep my expectations that high here in vegas - BUT I had high hopes for this place and it was just alright. I thought with the way everything was priced ( a tad high ) that the outcome would be great, but it really didn't wow me. I had fried okra as my side and it was pretty greasy - nothing spectacular.I wouldn't go out of my way to stop by here again, but it's worth giving a shot.
4	awesome philly cheese steak, I am from the east coast mid Atlantic area and Pop's has it on lock down for cheese steaks. it's well worth the trip to try this place out. Also they have tasty cakes... Another mid Atlantic staple for a sweet. thanks Pop's for being out West
1	I came here expecting a hot and delicious Philly steak and received a chewy cold bread and cheese disaster. Cold cheese whiz. Nasty food and service.and very over-priced!!!
3	Food was good.  Fairly plentiful.  But the prices are just way too high for what you get.The guy behind the counter was a jerk too.  I had never been there before and was trying to place an order for my disabled friend and myself.  It always takes just a little longer.  But the guy was impatient and rude.Had been driving by this place for ages and always wanted to stop.  Been there. Done that. Won't stop again.Guy behind the counter needs to chill out.
3	Cheese steaks in multiple varrieties.  Not bad food but I thought it was a little pricey...a little over $11 for one cheese steak and a soda.
3	I  had been wanting to try Pop's for the longest time.  And every time I drive by the colorful stand, I think to myself "Why on God's green earth have I not been there yet?".  Well, all this anticipation contributed to the big let down.  I love anything authentic.  And supposedly all of the ingredients (rolls, cheese, meat) are flown in directly from Philly itself. I ordered the provolone mushroom cheesesteak, and it was just OK.  Maybe I needed to order the cheese whiz to make it more authentic, but I just can't bring myself to eat something that artificially bright yellow. The roll was definitely piled high with the tender meat.  I only ate half because it was so filling.  But it wasn't as seasoned or flavorful as I was expecting it to be.  The mushrooms added some flavor, but that was it.  Perhaps I am just not a phillycheesesteak type of girl. There were 2 people ahead of me in line, so there was a bit of a wait. I am just grateful I went in the spring and not in the middle of summer.  I doubt i will have any cheesesteak cravings any time soon, but it is comforting to know that if I do have one, they are open 24 hours.*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 26/100*
2	Decided to stop here for some late night eats after a night spent downtown. Had just a Philly Sandwich with the cheese wiz and a small soda...$12 seemed kind of steep. The Sandwich was so so, there was a generous portion of steak on the sandwich and the bread was not to bad. It definitely was not a straight out of Philly experience for me...not awful by any means but I don't think I would be pumped up to go back.
4	In Vegas for most of May working at the House of Blues.One of my buddies was jonesing for a philly cheesesteak.All ingredients are shipped from back east, the rolls are perfect!Excellent cheesesteaks, Steve was the grill master du jour, nice job!They even have Tastee Cakes!
1	I wanted this place to work out. One of my Boyfriend's co-worker's John, RANTS about this place. I've read their menu about 6 times in the past year. We came here one time last year & ended up walking away because the NIGHT STAFF don't seem to care too kindly about customer service. They just rude, "What do you want?". My boyfriend & turned right back around & told the guy "I'm all set".  If that wasn't our FIRST bad sign.Last night at 9pm, (wasn't busy) we tried it & when we should have turned right back around. Same thing again. "Yo, what can I get ya?", it was better than the last time. LOL we ordered two philly's. The guy took the time to ask me if I wanted onion. I said no onion PLEASE. Now I'm standing there reading the big sign in English, about how they PRIDE themselves on accuracy . Also make sure you get the receipt or the meal is on them! (cool!!!)  I'm thinking "WOW, they know to please their customers." At this point I'm trying to find a clean table, okay so I wipe down a table myself with my lemon scented hand wipes... I'm dying from the aroma coming from the kitchen.FOOD TIME - The meat was DRY, it tasted like I was eating STEAKUMS ( ew ?!), with a hint of seasoning. VERY bland & dreadful food. Mine came with hardly any prov. cheese, I had ONION & mushrooms weren't cooked! I thought they would of sauteed the mushrooms at the very least on the grill. A philly is supposed to be juicy, flavorful & and most of all LOADED.Even after the bad first expereince, I gave you the benefit of the doubt guy! I tipped & I still ended up feeling like I'm the bad guy. How does that work?I'm putting my foot down, this place deserves a one star rating. I hope the Owner reads these reviews..
3	Yum-skiddley-umptious!We ordered to go because it was too hot to sit in their outdoor seating.  Ate in the car.  The philly cheese steaks were great, cooked fresh, bread and meat all very tastey.  But the sweet potatoe fries were soggy and mostly just batter (might be the way they wrapped a paper around it, and steam was trapped).Great for the phillys, not so much on the fries, and a downer for me to not have indoor air conditioned seating (we are in the desert people)
4	Hands down the best Philly steaks we've had in Vegas so far. After a night of drinking they're even better. Definite comfort food to the max.
5	A friend in Vegas brought us here and ever since, we always come back for more when we come to Vegas.  My husband loves this place.  Coming late at night is kinda scary but we always come no matter what.  So good and yummy... Can't say no to POP's!!
1	One star for lack of customer service. Drove up to an old  Wienerschnitzel hot dog building. Kind of expected a nice sit down with air conditioning. All they had was outside sitting in the 103 degree Vegas sun. Walked up to the window. Someone inside was sitting down and ignoring a possible sale for 5 people. At $8.99 per sandwich plus the cost of drinks and snacks, the owner lost about $60 for one sale. You can imagine how many others have turned away. After reading the reviews with the idea of going back, I opted out of doing so. Reviews from many have indicated the food is sub-standard. Kind of sad. Don't be surprised to see them out of business with employees like this. Whoever was working 8/7/13 at around 4:30pm should be canned!
2	Well ok food...poor pops they need to upgrade dinning area or at least clean it. I saw a yelp reviewer mention that they refried old fries when she ordered I thought that was probably not true. Well I watched them do the same thing with my order...omg I had a bad taste I. My mouth the rest of the evening. I ordered Philly steak sandwich wich was ok. I won't be back for a while. Also greasy sweaty guy sweating on top of the food he's making. Just gross.
4	It's hard to find a great steak wit-whiz, but these guys deliver.  Quick, greasy, delicious.  The rolls are soft and remind of the bread you find at Jim's or Pat's in Philly.  The steak is tasty but not too salty.  The whiz is hot and plentiful.  The onions are caramelized and delicate.  Solid grillwork.  The fries were OK.  Could be a little crunchier but they make great vehicles for more whiz!
2	Not a good dining experience with every fly in las Vegas in your face. VERY expensive for a sandwich with very little meat and even less cheese. Great cheese fries though.
4	ever since moving to las vegas, i've been scrambling to find substitutes for many of the places i used to eat at in the bay area... one of them being a place to buy a good cheesesteak. back home, i had the honor of being able to eat at the cheese steak shop, with locations all across the bay area... not to mention amato's in south san jose, which quite possibly has the best cheesesteaks you can get back home.my search has lead me to pop's. this spot meets my expectations based on my sensibilities... which is, i enjoy a good cheesesteak, though i've never had an authentic one in philadelphia. pop's offers a cheesesteak with cheez whiz (which is apparently what they use in the authentic philly joints)... which is good, but i easily prefer the cheesesteak that uses american cheese... and the one's that pop's serve is definitely on point.in one of my visits, i ordered the three cheese and chili cheesesteak. and let me tell you... that particular menu item is absolutely evil. it's one of those things you can eat that's so flavorful, but you know it will wreak havoc on your internals. i'm not having that again for a loooong time.that being said, i'll definitely be eating here on a fairly regular basis, and i recommend this spot to people who aren't too much of a cheesesteak snob.
5	I loved Pop's.  My roommate and I stopped there one night, and got 2 cheesesteaks to go.  He got the one with chili and cheese, I got the mushroom and provolone with onions.The service was good.  The guys were nice enough for being in a hot kitchen in the middle of the summer.  They were attentive to us, and filled our order perfectly. It took about 15 minutes or so to get home, and we were worried that the buns would be soggy.They weren't.  The sandwiches were perfect, tasty and HUGE!  I was stuffed!The onion rings were to die for, and I loved the Pennsylvania Dutch "Birch Beer."  SO good.  I want to try the fried okra next.  Hopefully I can make it back soon.
4	Pop's is the business. A little Philly Cheesesteak stand offering up vegetarian, chicken, and steak phillies. They are also serving up grinders, have a bunch of sides (fried mushrooms, cheese sticks, pinwheels, etc.). They also serve TastyKakes (and you get a free one on your birthday)! Best part of all this awesomeness is that is available to you, Las Vegas, 24/7!I've  been to Pop's several times. I've always ordered their cheesesteaks and you gotta get the Cheez Whiz. I NEVER eat cheez wiz ever (cheese from a can?! What?!) and it a MUST and Philly tradition to do so. I always order mine with peppers, onions, and mushrooms. I've seen people say that everything was pre-cooked. The veggies were, but the meat was laid on the grill fresh, we had to wait for our fries, too. So, that may have been the past, but it's not true now. This was also at 10 PM on a Sunday night. The roll was soft, the meat was juicy and tender, and the whiz, the whiz was the whiz. A great sandwich. It came out to $10.99 before tax, but I can only eat half a time. If you have a late night craving or are needing something to soak up all the alcohol from your late night Vegas shenanigans, pop on over to Pop's!They only offer outdoor seating and no public restrooms.
5	With all due respect to the birthplace of the Philly, I find it hard to believe that anyone can top the sandwiches Pop's Philly Steaks has to offer! I've been enjoying Pop's since highschool and refuse to eat a philly anywhere else. They also have amazing Chili Cheese fries!
5	Closest come too real Philly Steak in Vegas. No question what makes its true east coast style  is the CHEESE WHIZ and really good bread. Now no east coast guy so have no basis just local boy from the islands. I do know is lot of east coast peeps one was visiting from the islands. Always told me the key is cheese whiz if its  not very good then just not real deal philly. It been years since I came here just cause out of the way from my house. Years go by but somethings never change. Yay!!I had the works with mushrooms. onions, and without question get me some cheese whiz. The meat perfect thinly sliced, cooked perfect, moist, hot, and top it with saute mushrooms/onions. The icing on the cake or this case philly. Cheese whiz. Hot! Cheesy, and enough whiz that it never ending cheese whiz down till your last bite. Not only last bite but know good cheese whiz all over your hands. The bread has nice crust on the outside, moist, and fresh baked bread feel. Put it all together nothing better too soak up long night of drinking at 3am Vegas style. Reasonable price for late night or anytime grubbing. Philly true Philly no room for sides. They have lot of different sides too choose from and not only steak can choose too make Philly. Really is there any other way then steak?? Think not.The atmosphere without doubt not only adds so much too Pops with no true seating just open patio area and ideal place too hang out talk stories with friends. It open late at night. It perfect spot after long night drinking, hang out open area one that no need worry about shout over people have conversation with friends, and bonus get best Philly desert every seen!!!!
4	I've never been to philly so I can't actually say I've had a real Philly cheesesteak however I will say this is the best philly I have tasted so far. And the cheese fries are good too.
4	Pop's puts out a good cheesesteak sandwich. The bread is good and holds up the fillings well. I am signed up on their email list so I get coupons from time to time. I had a coupon for free whiz fries and my wife likes to eat those as a meal so we headed out to Pop's for dinner. It was a nice evening and plenty of people were eating outside at the tables on their patio. There were about 5 people in line too but it moves pretty quick. I ordered a Whiz w/ onions and extra cheese. The sandwich with free whiz fries was almost ten bucks, not bad. My sandwich was  good but some of the meat was cooked a tad too long. The whiz fries were good as always. There is no place to eat inside here... Just a walk up window and the tables and chairs on the patio and no drive thru. I kind of like it like that.Open 24 hrs.
4	My friend took me here in a recent trip to Las Vegas. BEST Philly cheesesteak I ever had. The beef was juicy and the bread was toasted perfectly.
2	I've been meaning to check this place out for a while now and I wish I had better news.Pop's is pretty hard to miss. The giant triangular building has been serving up Philly's 24/7 for years now and has become a local favorite. Pop's exudes that hole in the wall atmosphere and really belongs on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives. Yes the Ben Franklin mural has seen better days but for me this mildly grimey look just adds to the experience. There is no in door seating just the outdoor patio so dress accordingly. They menu is pretty big, tons of philly variations along with plenty of deep friend snacks and TastyKakes (you get a free one on your birthday!)I am sure the guys here can produce a edible work of art with the cheez wiz but I was a little disappointed in what I got. My bacon philly and a bottle of water came out to twelve bucks; for the price I expected more. The philly was surprisingly dry and lacking flavor. Normally adding bacon to any dish is an improvement but here it just added a rubbery textured ingredient to otherwise soft sandwich. The hoagie looked great at first but became soggy and fell apart as it soaked up the grease. I've heard rumors that the place was sold a few years back had hasn't been the same since. I might have ordered the wrong thing or just been there on a off day so I am willing to give the place another shot. Perhaps until next time.
3	Sorry Pops...you need to step up the quality!!!Improve the beef quality, make fresh fried mushrooms and fried zucchini by hand...I was disgusted at the fact that most of your food is frozen pre-cooked!  Yeah, your hours are absolutely fabulous but you shouldn't skimp on the quality so much.  Then again, judging by the area, you can't be expected to charge more than what you're already charging, as no one in the area would be able to afford your food. I would rather starve for the day than eat this again.....heartburn/colon blow your brains out afterwards!
1	We've come here twice in the past 2 years we've been in vegas.  I have no idea why people can even rat this stuff considering it's run poorly.  Both times we went and ordered our food they screwed up our sandwiches. Mine was a philly with mushrooms and peppers. NO ONION.  I went up and told them there was a mistake so being that it was 11pm and pretty cold. My boyfriend was eating his food and I had to watch.  Okay well he tells me it was really flavorless.  How do you kill the flavor of the meat?   I had to completely agree when my order was ready 7 minutes later... I went for a bite and expected there to be gooey cheese on it and SOME seasoning. Nope.  It was so bland I couldn't eat the rest of it and decided the second try was the  LAST TRY.  I don't get it, we came at all the way out from our side of town to try it.  We even went as late like everybody's recommended. Still awful service. Not to mention the two guys working were miserable.I rather spend the money and go to Green Valley's Buffet and have them make me a Philly COOK TO ORDER.  At least there the meat was juicy, flavorful and I could SEE what the hell they're up to in the kitchen.
4	My friends seem to love this place.  They will drive the distance.We ordered a couple things off the menu.  Provolone Cheese Steak was good.  It would've tasted a lot better if it had more flavor or some sort of sauce.  I split this meal with my friend.  It was pretty fulfilling if you ask me.  The Cheese Fries were alright.  The cheese tasted to artificial for me.  The cheese probably would've tasted better on nacho chips than on fries.  The Jalapeno Poppers were good.  Everything probably would've tasted much better had the weather been warmer and indoors.  This place has only outdoor seating.  It's been around.  The cool thing about this place is that they make sure they get your order right and give you your receipt.  If they don't, your food is free.  It's stated on the wall...I'd give this place 3.5 stars, but since my friends enjoy eating here I gave it a 4 instead.
5	How could I have missed this place?For $9-$10, you can get one utterly amazing cheesesteak.I've tried chill cheese, barbecue, pizza, even fish cheesesteaks.  And somehow each one is just as amazing (though the chili cheese one is my personal favorite).  Their menu is to the point, but they have a lot of options within the cheesesteak and fry families.  Even their chips are good.I see that they have Italian Ices as well, but I'm not even bothering with that until the weather warms up.I've driven by this place so many times.  For YEARS now.  How could I not have explored this amazing place before?  I LOVE cheesesteaks!  It boggles my mind, is what it does!  But I'll put it this way: Now that I have found this place, I will make up for lost time.  I've already hit this place up several times in the last month.  Heck, I even hit it up on Christmas Day night after being over the whole turkey and ham thing.  24/7, they never close.  I could get a cheesesteak at 3:17 A.M. if I wanted to, and there's no force of man that could stop me.  Truly a marvel of modern invention, this place......And if you haven't gathered, I've quickly grown to love Pop's in the last month.  Wow.Cheesesteak.
5	Oh man! I wish they had this in Cali! Best Philly cheesesteaks I've ever had! Onion rings and fried mushrooms are on point!  Actually everything on their menu is delicious!  Great, especially after a night of clubbing on the strip!
5	I love this place me and my girlfriend and her brother ordered from here and the food was delicious I had the chicken wings which tasted soo good with ranch almost as good but better then any other place I ate chicken wings at. The chili cheese fries were the bomb and the cheeze wiz they used for the cheese made it that much better this is my favorite place and will be me and my girlfriends to go spot.
5	The ONLY place for REAL Philly cheese steaks in Vegas. I've been to Philly many times so I know the comparison. This place is open 24 hours. Fantastic hoagies and sides as well. Love this spot.
5	The best philly sandwich this side of Philly and maybe better than philly. Off the beaten path but worth the drive. I live far south of the valley but anytime I'm out near it I go.
5	If you have never had a Philly cheesesteak, and your trying one for the first time. Pops is the place to try them for the real authentic Philly cheesesteak taste, it doesn't get any better than this
1	this place has sandwiches that are overpriced and is drowned in cheese whiz. my husband I went here and we were so excited I cannot believe we paid $20 for two sandwiches we barely got any meat we really just got cheese whiz on bread. poor excuse for Philly cheese steak sandwich. we will never come here again if I could give it zero stars I would.
1	Ate there around 10:30pm ish last night.  Around 1am ish, me and my little 6 yrs old boy has food poisoning from that place.  We're at the UMC urgent care right now.  Hope that help.  I've also filed a complaint with the Health department.
4	I've always been a fan of Pop's Philly sandwiches, even though they are a little expensive. And while the now-defunct Triple Play was better (and cheaper), this is the place to go if you're craving a cheesesteak.We ordered one provolone and one Cheez Whiz, both with onions. At $10 a pop (plus an extra $5 for fries and tip), this was a pricey lunch! But we don't eat there often (and no one should probably be making a cheesesteak part of their daily diet), so the splurge was worth it. Plenty of meat, nice chewy bread, and a healthy (or not) helping of cheese on each. The fries were kind of mushy, but they served their purpose. Next time we'll try the fried okra. (They also have fried mushrooms, sweet potato fries, and a few other sides that didn't appeal to me.)If you take a trip to the A-frame building, know your protocol before stepping up to the window: Order on the left, watch the guy make your food, then pay on the right. There's a small outdoor dining area if you want to breathe in the smells of fried onions and exhaust fumes from passing cars. Otherwise, do what we do: Take your cheesesteaks home, where you can enjoy them with a nice cold beverage of your choosing.
5	Definitely my favorite place to go for a cheese steak. Will drive the distance to go here! Be conscious that its is all outdoors so keep weather in mind, but absolutely worth it. Yeah, its pricey but the flavors are more than enough to satisfy that craving.They make the food right in front of you and they do it quickly. Their menu expands past  Philly cheese steaks and fries, I really love their Italian sub its phenomenal!!!!! And dont forget to order the sweet potato fries, they are served with an apple cinamon sauce that makes them over the top!
4	The only authentic philly cheesesteak place in Vegas, simply because they have CheezWiz. Although the taste is sketchy sometimes, it's worth going out of your way for... and since it's DEAD CENTER WEST it's not really close to anything.I think it's be awesome (and cheaper) for them to use nacho cheese instead of cheez wiz. It's probably taste better too since it has a kick.Big Sloppy sandwiches just like I like them!
4	I'm not known for being a cheese steak fan, but I do love cheese. Add in that this place is about a mile from home for me, and that it's 24 hours, and it's pretty much kismet that I would finally come here and actually really like it.First off, its a bit  pricier than expected: spent $25 on dinner for me and the BF.As others have said though, the sandwiches are beyond huge enough to share.  We got the #32 peppers and onions cheesesteak with provolone ($11), added on sides of chili cheese fries ($4) and an order of wings (10 for $8), and a Franks black cherry soda ($2).  For the price, the sandwich and wings were good portions. I didn't think the same thing about the soda or fries though- but then again, I'm not a soda person in the first place, though I understand this brand is apparently something special.The sandwich itself, in addition to being huge, was stuffed full of meat and veggies. The cheese was a little light for my liking, and it was slightly on the dry side toward the ends of the sandwich, but it was good. In the future, I'd probably stick to the mushroom one though.The chili cheese fries were fairly standard and a smaller portion than I expected but we still devoured them in record time. The wings, though, were a surprise. I ordered the mild ones rather than hot, and still found these to be surprisingly spicy. I'd definitely hesitate before ordering their "flamin'" style, I can't imagine how much hotter they must get. Portion was good for the price, wings were an average size without being too small or overly fried or breaded. Huge portion of ranch for dipping. I liked how easily the meat came off the bone, too. A little less messy than usual. We ate at the patio area, and it was noisy and difficult to carry on conversation, as others have said. However, it wasn't a total turn off and in fact kind of added to the experience. I'll have to come back and try the sweet potato fries...and the breakfast sandwiches... maybe I'll add the Whiz next time, too.
5	I vaguely remember a mound... oops... mounds of meat... steak meat... my memory isn't quite well... something about cheese... three of them... provo? American?  Cheese wizard? I can't quite recall... sloppyness... I remember sloppyness... damn speellcheck all to h3ll! Please quit reading this revue... I think I'm steak and cheese wasted!!On a serious tip... those who complain about the price are the same that have no problem paying $4.00 for McD's featured slop sandwich.
2	Maybe if I was really drunk this would be good. Sober one of the worst phillys I've ever had. To put it in perspective think your average cafeteria cheese steak. Bad quality meat. Average hoagie bun. Cheese wiz was good but who am I kidding cheese wiz is always good. Not impressed at all with this place and I will not be back. Even if I am faced I will walk past this place I am 90% sure... Haha
4	A review is overdue for sure I as I have been stopping by here a lot more often over the last few months. My sweet friend Sergio I noticed often has a very large appetite on the nights we hang out. Pop's is close to his house so it makes a stop very convenient late at night since they are always open.The staff is friendly and they make good solid food so this review will be sweet and simple. I have had a variety of their cheesesteaks in the past and they have always been good with quality ingredients. I must say that I really enjoy their sweet potato fries that come with a yummy coconut dipping sauce. Their regular French fries are great as well and are fresh cut.Service is great, food is great and they are open 24/7. My only tip to you is that this is not a place to come to if you are low on cash, you better save those coins for the dollar menu somewhere else if you are on a budget! lolTake out is your best option as it is a free standing store with a few patio chairs and tables to sit at outside. It is on a busy street so it may not be as comfortable relaxing to eat with cars whizzing by plus the crazy wind.Check Pop's Philly Steaks out!
1	This was the worst philly cheese steak I ever had as soon as I discovered a metal bag tie inside the meat half way through eating the sandwich luckily I could spit it out before I started chocking on it and would have had to go to the hospital. This is not what I expected for an 11.99 plus tax sandwich. See attached picture
4	We swing by pop's every couple of weekends and it's always delicious.  The sandwich is huge and always stuffed!!My favorite is cheesesteak with extra wiz, mushrooms and onions.Simple and deilicious.  Their fried okra is also tasty!I would definitely recommend this place.
4	First off its EXPENSIVE! The man making the sandwiches gave me a funny look when I asked for JUST turkey cheese and bacon. I don't like condiments and I don't like vegetables. But he hooked me up on the #36. It was delicious, but was. It worth $12.00??? UM, NO!  Adding bacon costs $2.00. Ridiculous.This place also advertises bananas foster. I was expecting some deep fried banana caramel goodness but...it tasted like deep fried cheesecake bites...in fact I know it was. Somebody has to fix that, either fix the menu or fix the product ordering.It's open 24 hours but I assume if you go here at 3 AM you are drunk...and this is pretty pricey for "drunk food".  My life partner and I shelled out almost $32.00 for two hoagies, two drinks, fries and fried cheesecake AKA BANANA FOSTER bites.  We agreed if the hoagies were $7.99 instead of $9.99 (not including extras) the pricing would be spot on.
1	We used to come here a lot. I like their taco salad and their sandwiches. One day my girlfriend got brave and tried a Philly cheese steak. She doesn't typically like cheese steak sandwiches. Her mom also got a cheese steak, but I went for a BBQ pork sandwich. Later that night they both got up and went to different bathrooms and threw up. My girlfriend was up every hour throwing up. We can only assume it was food poisoning. It was the only thing they both had eaten that was the same. They were sick for three days with it. Never eating here again.
1	Not impressed by this place at all. I love a good Philly and especially from a hole in the wall kind of place. I was so disappointed by everything.  Not sure how they are still in business. But oh well...to each is own. Try it, but don't say I didn't warn you.
4	I have eaten at all the legendary Philly cheese steak shop in Philadelphia... pats. Genoa. Jimmy on south street ...Tony lukes.... so I know a thing or two about a good cheesesteak. First of all you have to have good bread and pops gets there bread flown in from Philadelphia Amoroso bakery in Philly is the best bread around that area.. pops uses the best bread in town. The meat on a scale of 1 to 10 is a 6..they don't use fresh rib eye meat. They give a generous portion. They could put more cheese on there steak sandwiches... All in all its a decent philly chesesteak.  The grill isn't to clean and I often worry about how long the meat is kept warm in that pan...they cook the meat in advance and it lays in a pan of hot water for who knows how long. The employees are friendly. One time they forgot to give me my receit and according to there sign that posted right by the window where u pay 4 your food if they don't give u your receit you get your food for free... What I told the person at the cast hurts if they forgot to give me my receipt at first he tried to give me the receipt but i said said no its too late so he had to give me a free sandwich he wasn't too happy.....
2	As a life long Philly resident and recent transplant to Vegas, I'm searching for a great cheesesteak. Pop's gets points for using Philly Amoroso's rolls and offering Cheez Whiz, but misses the mark with the meat.  The texture of the meat is totally off.  Paid about 8 dollars more than the same order in Philly.  Close, but doesn't quite make the mark.
5	we have been coming here for at least 12 years or more, and the cheesesteaks are always awesome. We come all the way from Henderson ( at least a 25 minute drive one way  just to eat here). Oooey, Gooey yummy ! very casual and simple eating area but we come for the food ! I think they are the best philly steaks in Vegas ! Give me that #2 with extra "Whiz" !!!!!! and the cheese fries, oh man, don't get me started... lol this is like my guilty pleasure! Of course ya cant eat here everyday, that would be like a heart attack waiting to happen, but once or twice a month is just right!!!! Love this place and sure wish they had a location in Henderson ! will keep coming back
5	I have driven by here so many times so when a technician of mine asked to meet there I was happy to do so.  The only down side is the price $30.00 for 2 and that is sandwich and drink for each plus a 1$ tip.The food to me was great I have not had much experience with steak subs but it was very good I will go back again sometime
1	We waited in the "Order Line" for about 20 minutes (somewhat long line) just for Italian Ice, the man behind the grill told me to just go to the register so I proceeded over there and waited behind the couple who was orginally in front of me in the first place. I was fine with the waiting until the man at the register automatically started ringing up the woman behind me without even acknowledging me or asking for my order. Another five or so minutes passed then the woman next to me apologized for them taking her before me and even asked if I could just get an Italian Ice to which the guy at the grill gave an annoyed look and said the other guy would get it. I waited another 5 minutes of nothing with no line besides the woman who was orginally behind me before deciding to just leave. The man ran out the back door to say he'd take my order when we were already across the street getting into the car. Never have had their food but for that alone i will NEVER EVER be back nor recommend it to anyone. I wish I could give this 0 stars for that alone.
4	Came here on a recent trip to Las Vegas based on a recommendation. I thought it was a bit pricey especially since the fries are almost $4 for a small portion. The cheesteak was pretty good. but I don't have much to compare it to being that I am an LA native, and I have never been to Philly :( My bf did have to add a little salt to the steak meat, he said it needed more seasoning *shrugs*Would I return to Pops when I visit Vegas again? Yes, I would. I want to try the green bean fries.
4	Well I went back there a few weeks ago and tried their breakfast Philly. It was awesome! I believe it is the cook who makes it wort overpaying for a philly. The cook- it was a young man who works am on the weekends mostly- that mead this experience worth its weight in gold.
1	Terrible customer service from the large man behind the counter! I drove in at around 9:30 to get one of the sandwiches, that they are currently promoting on a couple of large scale banners hanging out side of their establishment. I thought what a good deal for a sandwich only 6 bucks n i could get a nice breakfast snack, but all i ended up getting was an attitude from some guy who for some reason decided to fight with me. I went to inquire about said sanwich and was quickly cut off by him saying "we dont have no 6 dollar phillies, not ever." (Noting that the sign  specifically reads breakfast phillies, steak, bacon, or ham phillies.) To wit I replied, "no I'm talking about your sandwiches on the sign" at which point the Genius behind the counter puts his brain in high gear and repeats "We dont got any phillies for 6 bucks." its like no sh!t Sherlock! Thank you so much for explaining to me that you only have a slight grasp of this thing called communication, how enlightened I am now to the fact that you do not sell 6 buck phillies, and thank you ever so much for the attitude of treating me like I was a 5 year old instead of using commen sense and telling me about the sandwiches I was inquiring about. I left with nothing other then anger, fustration, and a bad taste in my mouth from your customer service skills. Perhaps look elsewheres for your morning meal or you may have to fight with him as well!
3	Pros- amoroso bread, size and franks soda.Cons-  meat can be too salty, sometimes skimpy on the cheese and last visit out of black cherry soda.
4	There are only a few things that I absolutely crave & Pops is one of them. A #2 (philly with cheese wiz w/sweet peppers is my all-time go to! Everything you want when you think philly cheese steak.
1	Worst experience ever ordered a Ham and Cheese Hoagie and got a philly Steak. Took it back and in broken English the cook says No that's what you ordered and walked away. Will NEVER go there again. New Cooks, place sucks now. Spent 30.00 and they screwed up order and said that's what I ordered turned there back to me and walked away. I WAS the one who returned the incorrect order through the window, since the cook and cashiers attitude sucked and they just turned there back and said that what you ordered. Not my fault you don't understand English. Gonna post everywhere. Don't eat here unless you want to be treated like shit when they screw up your order.
5	I had the #34 chili cheese steak sandwich mmmmm most delicious wit sweet potato fries..I sure will b coming back when I stay out here in Vegas. .. going to try out the whole menu..lol
4	This place is a little pricey for my taste cause I like to go to cheap restaurants, but it is delicious. The first time I ate there I got a philly, sweet potato fries, a tasty cake, and a drink. I spent $20 just for myself. I've been inebriated almost every time I've been there, but definitely worth trying trying at least once.
3	I do love going to this place and the quality of ingredients are good and are from Philadelphia.  I was there one day when the UPS guy showed up with the boxes of rolls from Amaroso's Bakery in Philadelphia.  My complaints are no indoor seating, which is a problem during the miserable Las Vegas Summers.  From May to September, you basically have to get it to go.  And it's not as good unless it's hot and fresh.  The person taking the order doesn't always get it right. Double check your orders before you leave.  And it is very pricey.  You'll pay over $15 for a sandwich, fries, and a drink.  But I guess you pay extra for the Philly imported ingredients.  The taste is good though and it is the best cheesesteak I've had outside of Philly.  I do like the fact that they are 24/7/365!
2	I ordered a beef and cheese sandwich, which was forgettable. It was beefy, but flavorless. Considering that I have spent time in the East Coast, this in no way resembles hot sandwiches out there. I also found it to be on the expensive side. Their sides look interesting, but will sample them only if I'm in the area, which is right off the Meadows Mall and the 95.
4	One of the best places in Vegas to grab a bite to eat. They only place I go for a Philly Cheese steak in Vegas. Like the city itself this place is open 24/7. The last time I was here grabbed a Philly with pepper and onions, provolone and cheese wiz. The was so good it was worth the extra weight and the guilty feeling about not being true to the good ole diet. On the few occasions I have been lucky enough to eat here they do not disappoint. The only thing that puts this as a 4 instread of a 5 is the location. Though I have never had any issues here, I also don't feel it is the safest part of town. Since I am usally in and out of here I will risk it. Like I said nothing has ever happened(knock on wood). If you are craving great eats anytime of the day I would stop into POP's. The Philly Cheese Steaks are awesome.
4	This place has been around forever and rightfully so. Reasonably priced for a quick bite and way better than any fast food chain. Their Italian ices are amazeballs!
3	This place pretty good. But it was extremely over priced.
4	Been going to this place for years....... Hadn't been there in a long time and happened to be on Decatur today and we stopped by........ We should have just gotten one hoagie...... We split one and that was more than enough for both of us, ended up saving the other one for later..... Not a fan of fried Okra but we had some anyway, it was so so, I prefer the zucchini .. Don't understand the complaints about the prices, i think for what you get its fine.....We didn't bother eating outside since it's too damn hot this time of year, so we just brought everything home and it was pretty darn good.... We'll be back for more next time we're on that side of town........
4	Okay, I thought Pop's was great! Heard of all the hype and it was worth it! I ordered a steak philly with onions and extra whiz. I thought it was great! Good service and quick delivery! My boyfriend thinks "Those Guys Pies" at the Lakes on Sahara are better! I believe they're both great! Take your pick!
4	We had the fried green beans and fried sweet potatoes- excellent! Also the cheesesteaks were really good. Will definitely come back.
4	Great hot sandwiches the cook makes it right in front of you. Best hot sandwiches I've had in Las vegas so far!!
3	A bit pricey for the quality. DH had gotten a better bang for his buck ordering the breakfast grinder( has far more to it for a few bucks less) I don't see how adding a sprinkle of lettuce to a sandwich costs you a dollar.
4	Loved it! Some of the best philly steaks I've tried. Everything is made in front of you so its fresh..you have to eat outside which is a little inconvenient since its hot out but still great place!!
5	Thisi is the best cheesteak place EVER! We see him set up shop every year at san genero as well and with all that other food around still end up buying from him!!!! #1 They have cheese whiz which alotta places dont Yumm the steak is always tender perfectly cooked. I have had almost every combination of sandwhich possible. They are just number one for me and my fiance, he proposed  on our 2nd anniversary there we go every year  for our little memorable meal together!!!!! Sweet potato frys are delicious we always get a double order of the mushrooms and the zuchinni is good as well. Definately a place to go if you want a really good cheese steak!!!!   O yea they have tasty cakes!!!!!!!!yummmmm!
1	Pop's Philly Steaks They wont let me post on their wall any more. Great place if you want to be give a sandwich you didn't order (never ate before in your life) and then when you take it to the window to tell them they gave you the wrong order. they say "NO thats what you ordered and walk away" Gret place if your in the mood for food roulette.
5	Pop's has been there for some time and while it looks it, don't let it scare you. Locals know they make a great authentic Philly Cheese steak. Some may think $9.99 is pricey but it's not for the size, amount of fillings and the flavor. They make it right in front of you and they have an awesome menu of variations and sides. It's patio dining which works best for evening and overnight dining. They do not have a drive thru but service is very fast. This location is 24 hrs which is a blessing for late night runs; I'm glad I moved back to this side of town. With their Philly's and wings, they have seriously changed my Sunday morning Football plans... I can dine in at home!
3	Cheese whiz fries. Why? Who would even? Well, my significant other would, did, and enjoyed. I left that completely to him, though I did try a fry. I don't understand the allure of cheese whiz. I also don't eat beef, which may compromise the legitimacy of my review for some people, but I'm pleased with requesting a sandwich with chicken, onions, mushrooms, provolone, and hot peppers. The bread that night was different. Not as smooth, but instead had a slight grainy feel on the outside. It was still warm and soft, but I prefer their typical loaf, which doesn't leave as much of a crumby mess.Everything is made to order and hot. It's a good guilty meal. My only gripe is that I never want to eat there because the tables are dirty.
5	We ordered the barbecue pork,  swiss philly #35 &#30. The sweet potato fries and cheese sticks. These were some of the best eats I've had in Las Vegas. I would highly recommend eating here and it's worth the short drive.
5	Still the best Philly Cheese Steak without having to purchase a plane ticket.18 years in this town and I have not found anyone more authentic then Pops for cheese steaks.  Yes there are many places that claim they have a philly, but no one really has a philly other the in philly, however pops comes the closest to what I remember after living in Philly for many years.It is close enough to make you want to go back to philly.  This place is good, they have a variety of cheeses you can put on and are even creative with some toppings.  Open 24/7 you cannot beat that.  One of the best an worth the drive to that side of town.  I will post a picture so you can drool....
5	ooooh myy goodness..  This is THE BEST Steak and Cheese my husband and I have ever had.. Seriously.. it's an off the strip joint that has high top tables and stools reminiscent of the the 50's .. you can hear and feel the whipping air of cars and tour buses flying down the street.. walk up to the window, order from a board and watch your scrumptious creation being made before your eyes.  Talk about Mouthgasm at first and Last bite.. I said to Michael.. $9.95 for a Steak and Cheese?  I hope it's good.. I couldn't finish Half of mine.. the meat was piled High and so tender and well seasoned.. I had mine with the original cheez whiz!   Michael, who considers himself to be a Steak and cheese snob.. couldn't stop raving.. and believe me.. it's well worth the trip.. top it off with Fries that were nom nom nommy and Root beer.. well it was a couple of happy New Las Vegans  lololol   Vegans in name only ~!!!
4	Always loved this place , since before it was pop's.  Great Phillies but I prefer their bbq pork , and chicken. Just repeat several times what you want. They don't always hear substitutes, add ons..
1	I live about 30 minutes away from PoP's and the prices are a bit high, so we don't get there more than once every couple of months. I don't mind spending $10-$12 for a good cheesesteak, but I'm sorry to say this will be the last trip. They no longer use Amoroso rolls, but they kept the price the same. Everyone who is a cheesesteak junkie or at least from Philly knows that a REAL cheesesteak is made with an Amoroso roll. NO SUBSTITUTE will work. Either go back to using Amoroso rolls or lower your prices by $3. These cheesesteaks are NO LONGER the (PoP) Pride Of Philly. They are just like all the rest now.IMPORTANT NOTE: On PoP's website if you click on "The Perfect Cheesesteak", here is what they say about the rolls (in part):"..........Cheesesteak perfection begins with the bread. POP's bread is baked in Philadelphia by the world famous Amoroso Baking Company which has been in business since early in the 20th century. Of course, it costs a lot of money to buy bread in Philadelphia and have it shipped to Las Vegas, but we figure that the bread is such an important ingredient for the most delicious cheesesteak, that we insist on serving only the best.........."
4	If you like authentic cheesesteaks you will be happy with this place. A bit overpriced
4	I finally got a chance to try Pop's after living here for the past two years and I must say I was not disappointed. Tender meat, creamy cheese wiz, crisp veggies and fresh bread = yummy!
5	Amazingly Delicious! The breakfast special (m-f/6-10am) is a sweet deal! The Breakfast Sandwich (steak, egg, cheese, peppers, onions & mushrooms) with a drink only $6! Freshly made right in front of you while you order.
4	First time here in almost 10 years. Sammiches are still huge and easily shared by two. Freshly cooked fries are good but most folks seem to go for the sweet potato variety. Fall is the perfect time to drop by and sit outside. But grabbing to go is good as well. Be sure to grab extra napkins!
2	The chicken philly was over priced and under seasoned.  We paid $22 for 2 sandwiches and we were not impressed at all.  The Cheese Wiz was only on the top of the sandwich not on the bread.   The bread was dry and the chicken was bland.  It was a big let down.
4	The closest thing to a Philly cheesesteak available in Las Vegas! It's very hard to find authentic cheesesteaks here, this is the place to get them. They are delicious! They also carry Tastykake products which takes you back to Philly. And the cheese wiz fries, yum!!
4	Great sandwich. Confusing menu for a girl from Minnesota that doesn't know the difference in a hoagie, grinder, sandwich, etc.  Whatever it was that I ordered was good.  The pigeons were nasty and fearless.Vegetable lovers beware there is an extra charge of a dollar each for lettuce, tomatoes, etc.  Meat and bread and cheese come standard!
5	Everything was delicious! No complaints had the #9 will grilled onions and cheese fries... Could not finish but amazing.
5	The whiz!!!  lol the best late nite munchie food on the Westside!  Love it!
4	First time I stopped at Pop's, I was hooked on their sandwiches. Best place for a late night or early morning craving. Little pricey, but for the taste and variety, you can't beat this place!
5	I think this maybe one of the best Philly cheesesteaks  I've had! Loved the sweet potato fries. Haven't been here in years, how could I forget?! The sandwich will easily feed two - it's a little pricey, but it's worth it
4	Philly cheese steak sandwiches in Vegas baby! Located on the southeast corner of Decatur and Alta, you can do some serious people watching here. No indoor dining area and no drive through, but yet somehow this place it getting a four star rating from GA. I ordered the #3, Steak and American cheese. 'Merica! Topped with grilled onions for good measure. It got better with every bite. Juicier and juicier with melted cheese all the way to the end. The French fries were hot and crispy. Next time I'll try the Cheese Whiz fries like JR got. They looked they could have been named after some crazy 80's band. They looked "Totally Cheezy Awesome." They have a sign that says they welcome you watching your food being prepared. So I did. It was kind of cool. They serve breakfast sandwiches too. Can't wait to try one.
4	Not bad at all. I love the cheese steaks from my favorite place in Rhode Island, but I will settle for Pop's. They did a great job seasoning the meat. Some places forget to season the meat. It's so good. Perfect amount of meat and cheese. The bread...absolutely yummy. I'll be coming back when I get a craving.
4	This is the closest thing I've found to my favorite steak n cheese shop back home in Boston. The rolls are soft, steak is on point and they'll load it up with mushrooms and provolone for ya. Delicious. Tip: stay away from the sides. Everything is frozen, then dropped into a fryer. Not yummy.
5	Hands down, the best cheesesteaks in town PERIOID. You receive authentic cheesesteaks here the cook doesn't measure the meat down to a fraction of an ounce. This place is pricy but it's expected since all the ingredients arrive from back east daily  There is no indoor seating and the parking lot is small but you can usually get a space or park on the street.  Super easy to get to location off Decatur and 95.  Much better than Steak-out..
4	I want to give it more but....Outdoor seating is just a killer cold without space heaters and the basic sandwiches are a little bland, they need to have condiments for guest to use.
4	Pop's. Can't miss the lightup signs at this location. Well this place is crazy busy or dead. I recommend going there at graveyard shift since half price sandwiches. Anyways, the phillys are good with them being decent size with juicy flavor and lots of fillings. The best thing on the menu is the potato fries and the dipping sause for them. So flavorful and make you want to come back for more. They're kinda pricy for what they are (4+$ for fries) but they make the meal. It's worth your time for a quick philly grab. PS: no indoor seating, there's a roof cover but if it's cold, you'll freeze and if it's extremely hot, you'll roast.
