4	After seeing that Tia Rosa didn't go thru, I thought it would be another empty space at the Pecos Village....Then came Nando's.... I just had to check it out.As we were ushered to our table, a cute girl came and introduced herself as the waitress. As she was taking our orders, a plate of chips and salsa came. Wow! It seemed so choreographed. Our orders came in about the right time. Not too soon, not too long. And they were huge portions! They tasted good too. We are light eaters, so we had to bag the rest. While waiting for our check, the owner/manager came over and briefly chatted with us - asking about the food and service. He was glad we liked it and had some left to bring home. I would definitely come back for the food (need to try the other entrees), service and the convenience (close to home).
2	I am so sad to write a bad review for this place. I was so excited to try this place. The staff was very nice and friendly and fast. However the food was a different experience. The chips are tasty, the salsa and "hot" salsa tasted like ketchup. It was pretty bad. I went with the Pollo Rico. The chicken was so awfully dry I used the ketchup I mean salsa to help it out. Even then it turned into tomato soup. I asked for more hot salsa the waitress told me they have habanero salsa. I asked for some of that....it was ok. The refried beans so so hot however so so bland. They absolutely had no taste. My son was not a fan of his food either....The place it's self is beautiful and they do have a great atmosphere. I will try one more time but after that $20.00 for mexican food between my son and I is not worth it.....sorry =(
2	I work close by, and I compare all Mexican restaurants to Si Senor's by default.  Nando's falls far short, very bland and boring food.  It's a shame, I wanted to like this place but the food is tasteless.
5	Hubby and I decided to go check this one out for lunch today, it's close to our office and in a development with Oregano's, BLD, among others. WOW.  We love the atmosphere, they have alot of outdoor seating, fireplace, twinkling lights.  Very nice.We sat at the bar, shared an appetizer, service from the 2 young ones behind the bar was excellent and the food portions were massive.  Parking could get a bit tough during Happy Hour and evening given the number of other restaurants and businesses there but that wouldn't stop us from going again.  I think this will be one of our new hangouts! Fresh chips and great salsa were also a bonus!  You won't be disappointed here!
4	Gotta say that the portions are huge! Had the steak and pork fajitas, pork was better, steak was pretty dry.  The wife had tacos al carbon, she loves it. We couldve shared one and had leftovers! Great place and ambiance, great service. The habanero hot salsa was very good.  We will be adding Nandos to our rotation. :-)
4	As a Mexican food expert, this place has a solid 4 star. Don't take me wrong, is way far away from the real thing, but the flavor is good, the quality is great, the ambiance is cool.Nothing not to love about this place. The salsa is great and the carne al carbon is pretty tasteful. I might reduce the size of the servings, though. Great addition to the area!
4	Hello Yelp!  It's been a while.  In this economy who can really afford to eat out?  With that being said I allow myself a treat once in a while.  Tia Rosa came and went quickly in this space.  I was so happy to see that Nando's was taking it over!  I had been to Nando's in Gilbert and loved it.  They did a wonderful job remodeling and adding a beautiful patio to the space.  There are big screen TVs great for watching sports in the bar and on the patio.  It has a cozy feel that Tia Rosa did not have.  Now for the food. I've been here a few times and each time they did not disappoint.  The Chips and Salsa are delicious.  Hot, fresh chips and tasty salsa.  I've had the Chicken Chimichanga and the Pollo Rico.  The chicken is moist and tender and both entrees did not skimp!  Rice and beans are good.  The rice is fluffy and moist.  The beans are a tad bland but then it's beans so what are you gonna do?  They have killer margaritas in many different version for every taste and a giant tequila list.  Nando's is in my top 2 for mexican.  If you have not tried it.....what are you waiting for??  Go....now....there is a margarita calling your name!
5	So I pass this place all the time. I was happy to see a new place take over the space. Well, on a whim, I decided to go here with a couple friends to try something new. Beautiful restaurant interior and atmosphere. Big and you don't feel crowded or that people are eavesdropping into your conversation. I had a WONDERFUL server that far exceeded our expectations. Chips and salsa, plain amazing! The food portions were HUGE, and for a great price in my opinion. I got a combo and I had so much, I had lunch for the next day at work. I got to try my friends dishes and they were nothing short of delicious. That is passionate food right there. I cannot wait to go back. In these times, I don't usually do 5 stars, but we just had such a blast and was so surpised at the quality of the food and presentation, they deserve it.
3	I went to Nando's hoping to find a really good Mexican food joint that reminds me of the Mexican food in Texas; not Sonoran style.  The location is pretty good, plenty of parking in and about the shopping center.  The ambiance of the restaurant is family friendly; maybe a bit too much as this place was really LOUD including crying babies.  That was almost enough to make me turn and RUN.  I for one do not like to pay for a meal and cannot converse in a normal tone...who wants to YELL at their dinner companion and pay for the privilege of YELLING.  However really wanting to find that good Mexican food joint, I stayed put.   First let me tell you they provide really tasty chips and salsa, as well as a pitcher of ice water. I ordered their Chicken Chimichanga which was a HUGE portion.  The overall flavor was OK, refried beans had a bit too much melted cheese on top, the chicken was grilled and tasty, however way to many white onions throughout...some bites were onions only!So, did I find my really good Mexican food joint?  I'm not sure as of this posting so I will give it another try or two; sure hope the LOUD atmosphere is not the norm and the food reminds me of home in Texas.Three and Half stars for LOUD atmosphere...
5	This Mexican joint is legit.  I moved here from Southern California (little Mexico) and I couldn't find anything I thought was good authentic Mexican until I found Nando's. Normally I get the mesquite steak tacos but also will get a chicken taco w chicken enchilada plate. I'm super stoked that they expanded to Chandler. Not sure why they have an overall 4 star rating. I read the other reviews and all that gave 4 stars had nothing but positive things to say??? Anyhow, I've had multiple things to eat here and all were great and the chips and salsa are as good as any! I eat here a few times a month.
4	Monday was quite a day of day drinking and eating.  Mr. M & I had already hit two other places and then we decided to head much closer to home and try Nando's.  I've been curious since they started remodeling the place, and driving by at night the white lights on the patio & inside looked very inviting.This location is exactly that:  inviting and even though the building is large, there are smaller rooms inside and the brick interior makes it feel cozy.  The staff could not be more friendly.  I think I saw everyone smiling which is always appreciated.  We started with 2 of the Cabo margs with curacao which were large and delicious.  The chips and salsa were good too.  I used to think I liked my salsa more like pico de gallo, but now I'm gettin' into the salsas that are more of a puree.  Nando's salsa had a very nice blend of flavors.  They gave us the mild/medium one, and then a small container of salsa they said was very spicy.  We're both a couple of heat pansies and didn't try that one, but it smelled good.Then Mr. M had the Pollo Rico and I had the #10 which was with 2 beef flautas, black beans, and rice.  Now I know this isn't really authentic but both dishes were flavorful and enjoyable.  Both meats, the chicken in the Rico and the beef in my flautas were very tender.  As others have mentioned the portions are HUGE.  We left with mucho leftovers which I'm always happy to warm up the morning after and throw a fried egg on top of.  And I froze all the Spanish rice and will use that in a tex mex soup that I make.I mentioned in another review today that I've been having major cravings for Mexican food lately and this place fit the bill.  I would definitely go back mainly because the atmosphere is so inviting and because it's a good value for the money.  They also do flights of tequila.  I will most definitely be back to try some of those.  Glad to see a Mexican joint within walking distance.  Or shuffling distance.
2	Not sure why all the reviews about this being a 'legit' Mexican place... because it's not. Filibertos is more authentic than Nando's. We went there for dinner and ordered a house margarita, a cheese crisp for the little one and a mini combo platter. The margarita tasted like soap, no lie it had bubbles, the cheese crisp was good, our son ate sufficiently and the mini combo platter, yeah that sucked big time. The meat and tortillas tasted funny, it had cheese overload and the only thing good from it were the mini tacos. Their chips and salsa are good and service was pretty good. Our waitress took off the combo platter, even after we told her not to (so she deserved her tip above and beyond).
4	Friends wanted to go out to dinner, and one of them picked the place, he has wanted to try mexican food places in the valley and Nandos was the place picked to try.Now I have been to their other location so I was kind of excited to see this new place, I like the set up, We sat at the tables behind the bar, but it didn't feel like we were in the bar area, there was a huge tree/branch like divider separating the two area, and I thought the tree was cool. We arrived around 6:30isna and there was no wait, we were seated right away.We ate our chips & the hot sauce disappeared, so I asked our server if we could get some more of the hot, and she asked if we like spicy things, and I said heck yea, and she then brought us out this habanero hot sauce, omg that stuff was amazing, it was spicy, smoky, and flavorful, now that I know they have that I will be requesting it all the time!I ordered the Pollo Rico, it was cooked perfectly and tasted delish! And topped with that habanero hot sauce ooohhhh weeeee baby that was good!I did go with the intentions of ordering some deep fried ice cream, it seems to be my latest craving that I can't get enough of, and well my dinner filled me up and I wasn't hungry anymore, so I never got it, but that just means I have to order it the next time I am there and believe me I will be back! Service was great and food was delish!
4	First of all, Nando's has great chips.  The salsas that they serve with the chips are good-not great.  And yes, this is Tex-Mex food people-so its not "real Mexican food"- big deal.The entrees are huge, especially the fajitas.  I have been here around 6 times and I've particularly enjoyed the Mesquite Tacos and the Sonoran Enchilada.  Even my father enjoys his "Gringo Burger."On some occasions, it has been noisy.  Wait staff has been friendly all the times I have been there.  Recommended.
4	I think this place is really good. Is it authentic or legit? Who cares it's really good. I have been here twice now. I thought it was good the first time but I also thought the beer was good too so I wanted to wait to go again to write a review in case the beer was talking the first time. But no it is confirmed this place is really good. Now I won't say wow this is the best Mexican food I have ever had ever and I will never go anywhere else but it's at the top of the list.The restaurant itself is very nice. The aesthetic inside and out is great. I really like the big iron tree that is covered in lights that divides the restaurant from the bar area. It's a small place but there is plenty of room and no wait to be seated. The staff is very friendly but I have to say our waitress the first time was a little bit better than our waiter the second. They both did a great job but the waitress the first time was just a little more personable. Now the company I was with might have effected my experience too. With friends the first time and parent the second. So I might of had a little more fun and therefore a better experience the first time.Great food. I had the Sonoran Enchiladas this time. Very good. Filling too. Awesome chips and salsa too. They may have contributed to the fullness. I also like the fact that they have real Mexican beer on tap and you can order pitchers if you want. They give you a pitcher of water when you sit down as well so you are never short on water. Always a good thing.Overall I think this is a great place and I will be back. In fact I will be there again in a few weeks with friends.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible!!! I took my Dad and his wife that were visiting from out of town and I felt so bad that the food was so tasteless. The waiter was super rude and slow. Then my Dad went to pay for the bill and he didn't realize until later that he had given them an expired credit card so the manager came over and was almost yelling at us saying the card was declined in her loudest voice saying she tried 3 times. Then my Dad paid with another card and we left to be chased down by the rude ass waiter saying my Dad didn't sign the bill when in actuality he did but the manager had taken the bill before the waiter seen it. We were all horrifies and humiliated the way we were ALL treated! So very disappointed. Never in all my life was I treated like a thief. I will never be back to this place again.
5	Great chips, good consistent food, love the Con Queso dip. Clean restaurant and one of the few Mexican restaurants I like in the Phoenix area. Nice patio with fireplace for the cooler nights. Great service.
5	Met up with the gang for a farewell to friends dinner, about 15 of us in all. Isaac our waiter handled us with style. The food was fabulous, I had the spinach enchildas which I've only had at one other place , amazing!  We shared two plates of nachos that looked like a volcano of cheese,chips and jalapeno goodness! There was so much food that everyone of us took a to go box couldn't eat another bite we were all so full! Of course I couldn't wait and dug back into my box later that night, to make sure it didn't disappear of course. I will definitely go back, but having dessert first to make sure I have room!
2	We frequent the restaurant next door to Nando's, saw this restaurant and thought to give it a try for lunch, especially after seeing reviews. We were greeting with a very friendly staff, but our actual waitress not so friendly, felt a bit of an attitude. Chips, Salsa, and drinks came right away. Atmosphere was nice. We ordered a lunch special: Chile Relleno, Rice and Beans. I thought it was very bland and CHEESE on EVERYTHING, the portions of rice and beans and cheese were huge and the chili Rellenos absolutely no taste. We also ordered the beef Burrito, which was OK tasting, the disappointment was for all the nickle and dimming for the extra charges for sour cream, jalapenos and cheese etc...OK maybe it was just the Chandler location, but we were not impressed at all, considering there are so many other Mexican restaurants to choose from. If all you care about is portion size (which is huge) and cheese and don't care much about taste then this is the place for you.
4	Not authentic Mexican food, but it'll do. Decent portions, but overpriced. The atmosphere was new and fun, and service was good.
2	Gina is a great waitress.  Have eaten there now three times, fair at best.  The shredded beef is tough.  The rice is boring and the salsa and chips very boring.  Youg might ask why do I go because other people choose the place and I was hoping I might find something I could say was good. We had the fried Ice cream and what should have been nice and crispy(corn flakes) was soft and chewy because they were pre made and kept frozen till ordered.
4	Made my third visit to this restaurant.  Each time the food has been quite good and very plentiful.  Very big portions.  Wait staff very friendly (with one exception) and service is fast.  Value is excellent.  Many lunch specials for $8.95 which includes rice and beans - and chips and salsa to start.  Each time, I've only been able to eat about 1/2  of my entree and taken the rest home.  The only negative is that we showed up for lunch and the hostess didn't bother to come to her podium for almost 5 minutes after we arrived.  Then, when she did, she was not friendly at all - actually seemed put out that she had to attend to seating us... once to the table, she dropped the menus on the table and left without a word.  She clearly doesn't like her job.  Very strange, since everyone else I've encountered at the restaurant has been more than friendly.  So, memo to the restaurant manager: replace your lunchtime hostess.  It's the first impression people get of your restaurant and you probably don't want that impression to be one of rudeness.Also, they have a large outdoor patio. Overall I enjoy this restaurant and will go back.
1	I have been to Nando's twice. Nando's is beautiful inside and the staff is great but the food leaves much to be desired. We tried multiple dishes and all were either flavorless and/or sloppy looking. They also don't menton their signature Apple Burro has a terrible texture and is filled with apple filling from the can. I am not trying to be rude but they really need to improve the food.
2	Went to Nandos and was exited because it was a newer mexican restaurant super close to home..and was super disappointed.  The basic chips and salsa they serve at the table were fine, and the drinks were actually really good. I would definitely try some of their frozen margaritas if you do decide to go here. I ordered a chimichanga and was really disappointed...I think the only ingredients in it were steak, onions, and peppers...which actually sounds more like a cheesesteak than a chimichanga. It was also very salty, and I did not enjoy it too much.  In fact, it was one of the worst chimichangas I have ever tasted and usually I am excited when going to a mexican restaurant because I love mexican food. I have yet to go back and try it again...maybe a possible second visit will be better.
1	I was hoping this would be good but it's not. I went with two others about a week ago for lunch. We sat out on the patio which was very nice. They brought chips and salsa. Those were okay, although the chips seemed unnaturally yellow, like they were dyed. I ordered a taco combo, one shredded beef, one chicken. The chicken one was ok, but the beef tasted off to me. My son had the same reaction to his shredded beef chimi. It tasted like it had been around for a while :(. My husband ordered the spinach enchilada combo and thought the whole plate was just too mushy and gooey. Not a good experience and we won't be back.
4	Love having nice neighborhood restaurants fill this corner!We've been here 3 times...lunch, dinner and happy hour.  Food consistently good, although they put alot of cheese on everything.  Beautiful patio to meet friends and enjoy a margarita!  It was a little loud when we went for dinner on a Friday night, but I guess that's a good problem for them...it means they are full.  We'll keep this in our monthly rotation for sure.
3	The food isn't the best, but pretty standard for a mexican restaurant. The place is great for families, which I like. They got us a table right away, and our waitress was great and fast despite the fact they seemed to have been completely understaffed the night we ate there.
5	Great margaritas, lots of food, good value for the money.
2	Andrew C. and I tried this Nando's location in April after reading a lot of good reviews from our friends on Yelp. Why not, right? We live in Chandler and it's not like it's out of our way.Well, sad to be writing this review because we were pretty stoked to try it.Short Version:  Not impressed! Longer Version (Los Detalles): We split the El Jefe Chicken Chimichanga. It was bland, overloaded with onions, and a few bites of chicken. Oh, about the chicken. It seemed like someone picked up a rotisserie chicken from Frys or Costco, shredded it up and threw it in the chimi. Laziness!  The salsa wasn't anything to write home about; like a bland jar of Pace. The "extra hot" habanero sauce didn't pack much heat, either. If you enjoy quantity over quality, aka subpar Mexican food slathered in cheeses and sauces in ridiculously massive portions, then Nando's is your place. The service was great, nice atmosphere and patio - That's not good enough of a reason for me to come back. OK, maaaybe for drinks, but there's just so many better place in the Valley to get a Mexi-fix!
1	Went in for lunch. Service was horrible. The food was just as bad. Asked for the waitress' opinion on an item and she said "the mexicans that cook here won't even eat here, they think the food is that bad" I ended up getting a bean burrito and it was horrible. I do not recommend this place at all.
4	Love this place! The food is awesome! The service however, it depends on what crew is working. I have my favorites ;) I wish they were open later though!
4	Good price. Very quaint. Beautiful inside. Good chips and salsa. Good portions. Not a big fan of the burritos though. I have been here multiple times since my first review and I get their chimichangas. They are amazing. Usually I get ground beef which seems to be the most tasty option. Make sure to get beans and rice on the side.
1	After reading a lot of good reviews for Nandos's, we decided to try it out back in April with high hopes of a very tasty meal.Well.....that didn't happen. Like most Mexican food places, we started off with chips and salsa. The salsa was extremely bland. Would not be surprised if I found Costco sized bottles of Pace in the trash bin. Even went so far as to try out the Habanero salsa in hopes of a good spice. Tasted a little better than the regular but was still not spicy at all. Major disappointment.But not as sad as our dinner. We decided to split the El Jefe Chicken Chimichanga. Like the salsa, was flavorless, filled with onion, and no spice. And the chicken looked and tasted like Fry's $5 rotisserie chicken after two microwave reheats. Depressing... Only redeeming quality was the atmosphere and satisfactory service. May give Nando's another try but won't be holding my breath.
5	Absolutely amazing!!
5	Best cheese crisps in Arizona! And I love love love the green chili enchiladas ... I prefer chicken! YUM!! Thanks for the great service too, everyone is so friendly!!
2	I don't know if people have really eaten here or not but it isn't all that great. The salsa is bland and the meats are not seasoned at all. I don't think we will be back.
3	This place is decent and I love the queso dip.  We were going out for dinner and our usual spot was packed, so we stopped in here for a bite.  I could eat their queso all night, it is just soooo good.  I had the green chile pork entree and it was OK.  I took most of it home and it tasted a lot better the next day.  Perhaps it just needed some time to marinate.
5	Great food and service. Spinach enchilada was awesome! My friend had mushroom enchilada that was great too! Highly recommend this cafe.
3	Good solid Mexican food.  I ate the El Jefe Carne Asada Chimichanga which was alright, but it had stewed tomatoes in it which I didn't care for.  Happy hour is 3-6 with $3.50 Margaritas and food specials.  If I was in the area, I would go again.
5	We LOVE Nando's!!! Fantastic Food, Spectacular Servers, Absolutely phenomenal food!!  Cheese enchiladas, yum, Chimichangas, YES!!  Loved the chips and salsa!! We'll be back for sure!!
1	I've visited Nando's 3 times, each time has been progressively worse. The first was back in April '13 food and service was OK, not great. The last time (Oct, 13 '13) was the worst by far. We were there about 6:30 PM and by 7:00 PM the staff was clearing tables for the night, as if they were closing very soon. As mentioned by others the salsa tastes like it came out of a bottle with very little flavor, the steak for the tacos carbon was very chewy and the beans tasted like something out of a can. My judgement could have been impaired since the week before I was in ABQ where every Mexican place was outstanding. However, the wait staff was very inattentive to the point where I had to ask another server if I could get a drink refill. Needless to say I left a very small tip less than10% and vowed to never go back again. Too bad really, this side of town needs a good Mexican food restaurant and I wanted this place to work out.
5	This is one of my new favorite places in Chandler for Mexican food! Even if it didn't have great service food and drinks, the restaurant is beautiful! The patio is amazing, decorated with lights and wrought iron fencing. Very rustic and old world Mexico. Large pillars, tile work, stone and old wood everywhere. Great ambiance. But I do love the food! Not your typical combo #6 with beans and rice! They have fish tacos, pork verde and steak entrees. The appetizers, like the Mexican pizza, is enough for dinner! I like their nachos, piled high and loaded with fresh ingredients. I usally grab a taco plate of some kind. The carnitas are amazing! They have a great tequila selection and happy hour specials too. The bartender offered me up a sample of their habanero tequila. Which is just a blanco tequila in a large jar with habanero chilis! Ay Carumba!! Careful with this one kids! It's not meant to be  a shot! The servers are friendly but not the best or fastest I've had. The bartenders I know, Mike and Gary are very helpful and friendly. Overall nice place for good Mexican food where the chips, salsa and margaritas flow!
2	Tried Nandos for lunch.  Food is bland and salsa was not very good at all.  Tasted like something out of a bottle and just loaded it with chili flakes.  Good size portions, but that doesn't make up for the bland food and it was pricey....I don't see anything special about $9-10 for lunch specials!  Only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because their chips are good....sorry, but will check this one off our list :(
2	Yesterday while visiting a neighboring restaurant for a latte, I noticed Nando's. The restaurant itself is nice however Nando's needs to raise the bar on their food; quite bland, full of cheese and lacked dimension. I ordered the spinach enchiladas and added shrimp (up charge). I found two bites of spinach in the beginning and the portion size (small) was a surprise. I had added a mango margarita and was so-so. Guess I've been spoiled by La Casa Blanca (Chandler).I visited Nando's in hopes to bring a work group activity here.
2	Came by one day after work to check it out. They did a lot of work on the decor - doors and tables and chairs are very ornate. To sum up my experience of this place - they seem to favor quantity over quality. Huge bowl of chips and salsa - which was just unnecessary for two people. Huge plate portions and everything seemed to come out a little "too fast" - as in everything pre-made and re-warmed before serving and then topped with copious amounts of sauce and cheese to compensate. I noticed that the neighboring tables turned very quickly. Almost like at a fast food joint. People didn't seem to be there for spending quality time with each other - just eat and go. I must say - the food didn't taste bad. It just seemed very over-crowded and impersonal and not very noteworthy. I haven't been back since because it just wasn't a great experience and there are other restaurants in the same shopping plaza that do a better job overall.
2	Not a favorite at all!  Nothing is homemade like in East Los Angeles.  Processed Mexican food is NOT real Mexican food.  Re-fried beans NEED lard, not canned beans.  Eggs were burned around the edges.  Canned hot sauces taste....canned.Not going back.
5	Great food, great atmosphere! Best salsa, mild and hot served and they are great to mix. Great service too! Will definitely be back to sit out on their patio.
3	I saw the high ratings and decided to give this place a try.  I ordered the Taco Tuesday special, 3 tacos, rice, beans, and cheese.  It came out on a big plate.  The portions looked huge and generous.  Upon closer inspection, it was the rice and beans that were generous.  The tacos themselves were pretty small and tasted like tacos you'd normally get at a decent taco stand for half the price.  The rice was nice and fluffy.  It tasted fresh.  I'm from Houston, Texas, and used to the excellent Mexican food there.  This place misses the mark in comparison.Shortly after eating here, I did not feel very good.  After 4 hours I felt pretty bad and had to go to bed early.  I tossed and turned a lot.  The next morning went to the bathroom and had diarrhea.  Okay, so I am not coming back.  A little bit overpriced and food poisoning is not healthy.
5	Nandos has incredible chips and salsa. Don't forget to ask for the hot sauce. I adore the pescado tacos.  I suggest you order a la cart because the portions are really large!!!   The staff is very friendly and keep your drinks filled without asking.
4	Love this place! Great atmosphere friendly staff, sizzling fajitas and yummy margaritas....and LOVE the bean dip w/ flour chips! :)
3	PLEASE keep in mind I worked at an authentic Mexican restaurant where we home made EVERYTHING, so my taste buds have been exposed to REAL and AWESOME food. The atmosphere is absolutely enjoyable, the patio being very romantic and peaceful. Our queso dip was really good, mixed with several different flavors. Service was plentiful and pleasant.However, the meals were disappointing. My chicken tacos at first bite honestly disgusted me, and that is hard to do. The shells were pre-made and not hot as if they'd just been placed in the fryer. The sour cream was thick and bulky, as though it came from a store bought container, and the chicken was absolutely disgusting. It was neither not nor seasoned. I took 3 mouthfuls and for the first time in my life lost my appetite. Perhaps I chose the wrong dish to order? I may give it another go but I was very disappointed :( However, our server did take the dish off being that I didn't touch anything else on the plate which I found to be good service.
2	The atmosphere is warm and inviting but the food here is lackluster. Bland salsa and tasteless chips to start.  We had the special: tilapia fish tacos. Mushy fish and greasy corn tortillas. The rice and beans were the best part of our meal. This is our third time to try this place. Not going back.
5	Nandos isn't "Authentic" Mexican food, but it's really good. Try the cheese crisp, or the guacamole to start. If your hungry try the Pollo Rico or the el hefe chimi. The deep fried ice cream is an awesome way to finish up, and you have to try the margaritas, they are pretty tasty!
4	A great meal!  Chips and salsa were good.  Salsa tastes similar to tomato paste
3	This location is better than the Gilbert location.  It is decent. Nothing spectacular but there are some menu items that I enjoy.  The flour tortillas, however,  don't taste that great.  A good Mexican restaurant needs good tortillas. I have never had to wait long for a table but the parking sucks.  There is a valet service and I guess it's more important to save the good parking spots for them to use.
1	If you like bland food covered in a TON of cheese and horrible service, then this is the place for you! Because of the excessive amount of cheese used, everything is SUPER greasy. In addition, I ordered a margarita and it tasted so bitter I could barely tolerate it. Water glasses are the size of shot glasses and dirty. Waitress was bitchy and looked like she had been up all night boozing. All around horrible experience and I'll never go again.
4	I tried Nando's and liked it.  My favorite items were:  guacamole - tastes like the kind of guac I grew up on in El Paso, beans - taste fresh and not full of lard, rice - simple and fresh recipe, not loaded with MSG, corn tortillas - some of the best, most flavorful tortillas I have eaten.  I would like to try them buttered next time I visit.  Chips were also very good.  My least favorite items were:  pico de gallo salsa had flavorless tomatoes, red salsa - not much to it.  Overall, I enjoyed my visit and would like to try them again.
5	Great local spot and hearty portions of Mexican food. Can't go wrong with a tasty margarita in this 100 degree weather. The chicken chimichanga has huge chunks of white meat chicken. They don't opt for the cheaper dark meat alternative. I'm a sucker for really good salsa and this place delivers. Overall it's a good place to go and grab a drink after work, some good food and unwind on the patio.
4	Nice local restaurant for a relaxing meal. Outside equipped with Misters as well as fireplace for those chilli AZ nights.
5	I've been a regular customer at Nando's since we moved to the neighborhood 5 years ago, and have never had a bad meal.  Service is always great--to be fair, one waitress there comes off a little gruff at times.  But they have great Happy Hour specials, delicious house margaritas, generous portions, and tasty food.  What's not to love?
5	I love this place great fajitas the margaritas are great. my kids share the sampler platter and they are stuffed
1	How in the world is place rated so high?  Terrible food, guacamole was clearly not made fresh in house., slow service.  Only thing this place has going for it is its outside patio, which would be much better suited for a restaruant with decent food..
3	Pretty good Mexican joint.Margaritas are good and decently sized. I had the Chicken Chimi which was very good. They did mess up the order (added sour cream when I requested none) and offered to replace it, however at that point I didn't want to wait for them to remake it as the rest of the table's food had arrived.Not my first choice for Mexican in Chandler but would go again given it's convenient location to my apartment.
3	Here with my family. Kids meals were huge and fit for an adult. Wife ordered chicken flautas and they were a little bland. I ordered a shredded beef chimichanga with red sauce... It was good.  They were generous portions on everything. Chips and salsa were ok. The environment was was nice old world Mexico and the service was good! We will be back.
4	Good food, good prices, and especially good service from Steven!  It's our go to place for Mexican food.
4	Took my son there for lunch as I'd heard a whole lot about Nando's from my colleagues at work. And when i found out there was a a Chandler location, I wanted to check it out. I loved their decor with the Mexican ceramic tiles! So colorful. Even the ladies room was done up with the tiles! Yes, it was very clean too :)Their chips and salsa were fabulous!!! I has to ask them to take the chips away from me! The entrees were huge! Seriously big platters! I had gotten the 2 enchilada platter - and I had rice and veggies with it. Those grilled veggies were seriously delish! The enchiladas were good too - but nothing to super rave about. Maybe next time I should try a speciality rather than a standard menu item.I don't drink so can't tell you about their alcoholic beverages but people were at the bar - at 3pm on a weekday if that gives you any indication ;)My son and I both enjoyed the food and our afternoon at Nando's!
5	Very yummy!! Great service!! Had a great time with my family and we will definitely be going back!!
3	I like chicken enchiladas. That said Nandos chicken enchiladas were packed with dry chicken. Fresh but unfavorable. Not something I will order if I go again. My wife and son were not really impressed with dinners either.The portions were large and we made the leftovers edible the next day.
5	I just love the pescado tacos.  They come with a fabulous creamy chipotle sauce.  Portions are large.  Beware the food is addicting!
1	I have never left a review before but this place was so horrible that it's worth a review.  I ordered 3 bean & cheese burritos (added rice in one) for pick up and it was horrible.  Everything was cold and everything literally tasted like it came straight  out of a can. How do you mess up bean & cheese burritos? My husband took one bite and threw it in the trash. I called to let the manager know how bad the food was and she didn't seem the least bit concerned in what I was saying. She even questioned what time I came to pick up the food implying it may have been cold because it was sitting a long time. Left hungry and out $16.00 for 3 crappy bean & cheese burritos.  Won't ever go  back...so disappointed. I would give zero stars if I could.
5	We started at the Gilbert location when they first opened and loved it. Then we found out that the chandler location opened and since then we frequent this place opening. We have a group of us that are regulars on Wed or Thurs. evening, we will say that the food is plentiful and good (always have leftovers to take home) The chips and salsa is great, and their margarita's are fantastic.  I do want to comment on the service, they are all so very nice, we especially like MARK & ZANE....They are fantastic. If you go there stop by and tell them hello and you've made a friend for life, seriously they are so friendly and when you return they will remember you :) Thank you MARK & ZANE..........Tom and I will continue to restaurant  frequent this because of people like you.........See ya next Thursday :)
3	Average mexican food. Nice atmosphere.. nice patio! The chefs seems to be salt savvy making the food a little too salty for my liking.. The steak quesadilla is SUPER good though!
5	The good is great and the Margaritas are even better!!
4	Love this place! Teresa did an amazing job taking care of 30 pain in the butt engineers with grace. Thank you so much!!!
4	I grew up in what is now known as Central Phoenix, and I grew up eating at Manuel's (the original family location on Indian School). Nando's reminds me a lot of that and that is a very good thing. A lot of old school Arizona/Sonoran style recipes here. Good machaca, chicken tacos, green chili pork, and on and on. Also a good happy hour with a good tequila selection, and they carry one of my favorites - Bohemia beer which not all Mexican restaurants carry. Really like this place and it has become somewhat of a go-to choice for Mexican food on a weekend night.
5	Good food good value and I liked the guitar player outside the last time we were here.
5	Amazing Margaritas and beer selection. Highly recommended, bartender Zane makes a great drink! First time here we'll be back
5	Zane is my favorite bartender.  If you want to go for a good happy hour experience, call ahead and confirm he is working.  He won't let your drinks go dry!!!
4	good cheap mexican food. quick service.. pretty consistent.
5	We are not only hooked on the outstanding food at Nandos but more importantly the outstanding service we receive each time we visit from Gina!  Gina is efficient, friendly and very knowledgable regarding the menu.  Can't wait for my next meal!
2	Ehhhh so so. Pretty bland for mexican food. Not impressed. Service and ambience were good, however.
3	I had heard so many great reviews about this place so we took my mother-in-law there for her birthday. Honestly, it was good but not what I was expecting based on the reviews I had heard. They brought out free fried ice-cream for my mother-in-law's birthday, which was nice. It was average Mexican food and average service. There wasn't anything that set it aside from any other average Mexican Restaurant. I can't say anything bad about it but I likely won't go there again.
2	This is average bland Americanized Mexican food.  I ordered cheese enchiladas with green chili sauce.  The plate arrived with an enormous amount of melted cheese on it.  I eventually found the enchiladas under all the cheese. In time I did encounter a fragment of green chili.  Overall, I felt like I could have stayed home and just put two pounds of cheese on a plate in the microwave.
4	We really like this place! Great for families and big groups. Every margarita I've tried has be perfect. Their chips and salsa remind me of Mexico. We haven't had anything there yet that we didn't love. It's as good as what I grew up on in San Diego.
1	Honestly one of the worst Mexican restaurants in the entire valley. All they do is pile more and more cheese on everything. Nice patio and beer  is cold but do not order food ever.
3	I have been here a few times and each time I'm left with the same mindset.   "Not great, but not terrible either".  It's ok in my opinion, but there aren't any better choices in the area so I guess you work with what you have.  If you are craving Mexican food, while there are better places further away you could do a lot worse.  For me nothing stands out as far as flavor. Everything taste just like 100s of other ordinary Mexican restaurants so it's hard to pin point one flaw other than just say everything is average.  The service is decent so no complaints there. Nice bar and happy hours. Decor is very nice as well.  So in short: overall experience will be enjoyable , food is ok.
