5	Best deal in the plateau. Get the half or quarter chicken plate. The chicken is juicy and they fill your box to the top with fries. I swear the woman who serves you is a saint. Call ahead to avoid the line. Also if you go before two it comes with free dessert.
5	The line is long, but the wait is worth it.This rotisserie chicken is so juicy and greasy. Yum. I got the combo with fries, rice, and salad, but you can ask for the combo any way you like (just salad and rice, etc). Sauce is excellent (perfect level of spiciness). There is also a bakery here and some authentic Brazillian products, but I didn't have any more room in my belly after I consumed half a chicken. But if you go, you gotta wash it all down with a bottle of Guarana.Tips: Figure out what you want before you get in line. There are people waiting.
5	The best Portuguese chicken in town, period.If you go during the week, try out the chicken sandwich, it's pretty fantastic but not available on the weekend. :(
5	This is pretty well THE BEST chicken place west of Portugal. Every minute you wait in line just build the anticipation until you finally get your platter from the nicest woman in the world (who always hooks you up with extra) and then that first bite... oh that first bite - it's the most satisfying feeling you've ever had. Oh, and what is usually good for two meals will only cost you about $8.00. Well worth the wait, but call in advance if you can't stand the lineups.
5	This place is awesome. The best Portuguese chicken. Wonderfully spiced, nice and succulent, good salad, fries to die for. What more can you want? Cheap? Check.Absolutely huge serves? Check.Friendly staff? Check.Easily beats many places 4 and 5 times its price. I guess, the only downside is that this place is not the world's best kept secret. Expect to wait for 20-30 minutes in line on a Sunday evening. And expect to eat with your fingers (the plastic cutlery doesn't 'cut' it). But it's well worth it. You'll love it ... and end up doing extra hours in the gym the next day.
5	Quite simply: Kick-ass Portuguese chickens.  Get the spicy Peri-peri sauce!  The fries are a tasty side dish.  Great value!Be prepared to wait in line, but it's worth it, and you can peruse the pastries behind the counter to buy some dessert or breakfast for the next day.Perfect for the first night in our vacation apartment, when we weren't ready to cook or go out to a nice restaurant yet.  Will return this summer!
5	This place is fantastic.  The menu is limited, but the chicken is tender and flavorful and you get far too much food for your money.  I got the 1/4 chicken which came with rice, fries as well as rolls.  I got my money's worth and then some.
5	The best value-for-your-money Portuguese place in Montreal. Great chicken and friendly service. A must-see.
5	Youri's comment (below) sold me on this place so I decided to check out the "Best Portugese Chicken" west of Portugal.I walked with two other friends and was surprised to see that it was more of the take-out style feel with only minimal number of tables to really sit down.  Fine by me because the moment I stepped in, I was captivated by the aura of chicken grilled over the fire.  Amazing.I ordered the 1/2 chicken and this was definitely more than enough.  Despite the line, the service was really fast once I placed the order.  The woman behind the counter kept piling on the amount of fries while having a conversation, a good sign already.I had this with the spicy sauce - wasn't really that spicy to be honest, but definitely had a small bite to its flavour. The chicken though was amazing.  It was succulent, it was juicy and it was delicious.  Too bad I'm leaving for Montreal tonight but if I were to come back to Montreal, I would definitely drop by for some chicken at Romados.Til next time.
5	With a 1/2 pound of chicken in piri sauce that melted in my mouth, a light salad, and crispy, flavorful fries all for $6, I felt like I was walking out of a rotisserie in Lisbon. "Muito bom."
5	I felt like I was joining a club. There are rules and regulations, but luckily my brother knew them. You get in the long line, you scope for hints that people are leaving one of the three tables, you figure out what you're ordering in advance to getting to the counter, you get it spicy. It's not really much of a task to figure out what to order; besides the baked goods at another counter all they do is chicken. And my, they do it well. I ordered the quarter chicken meal: chicken, salad, rice and French fries. The chicken was so tender, so fall-off-the-bones, I didn't want to use any cutlery. Spicy wasn't spicy, just spiced and just right. I didn't get the rice, still not sure whose fault that is. The salad was unnecessary. A lot of it just got soggy and cooked beneath the chicken. The fries on the other hand were great. A bit over-peppered at times, but still rank A. The portion was HUGE. $6.99 for a Styrofoam meal box. And then they give you a bun at the cash register too! I guess it's like them giving you a business card to try out their bakery. I say take the plunge, the roll was a nice addition and all the treats on display looked really good. Four stars for the fries (I'm disregarding the other sides), five stars for that chicken. So I'm rounding up. Oh, that chicken. If you can get past the dozens on rotating chickens, the black gloves the intense looking men use as they wield their meat cleavers and that long line then go.  Join the club.
5	So far, this place has 14 five-star reviews, and I'm not going to disagree. This place is seriously as good as it gets.Granted, I don't have much experience with portuguese chicken, but the chicken I had was ridiculously delicious. Very tender and juicy with such great and explosive flavor. The fries were well-seasoned and delicious; the rice was a great addition to balance out the flavorful chicken and sop up the tasty leftover juices; and the salad is nice to give you the impression that you might be eating something healthy. Just thinking about eating this is making me salivate.Anyway, the way it works is you stand in line, order half a chicken (I guess you could also order other stuff, but why would you?), pay for it, then split with a friend and enjoy. Inexpensive, delicious, and filling. I don't know what more you could ask for.
5	I don't know if I can add anything new that hasn't already been said, but basically all you need to know about Romados is that you're going to get delicious, rotisserie chicken seasoned to perfection with a side of equally tasty salt & pepper fries and you're gonna walk out the door with a feeling of both glee and guilt - wait, did they undercharge me? How did I get so much food for less than $10? But those worries will quickly melt away as you take your first bite of chicken.Needless to say I'll be returning, and if I'm in a rush I'll take advantage of the shorter line up for those who have called their orders in ahead. And yes, go for the spicy sauce. Yummmmm.
4	Very very good chicken! However it doesn't touch Dinos in LA.. They should serve it with tortillas rather then bread.
5	Simply put, this is probably the best BBQ chicken in Montreal. Their fries and rolls are also really good.It can get a little busy at times, though, so you should probably be prepared to wait in line for 10-15 minutes. Alternatively, call ahead so that your order is read in advance.
5	Sometimes I get a major craving for this chicken, on a portuguese bun or with fries and the homemade hot sauce this little 3 foot women slathers on with a paintbrush. I lived next door to it for twelve months and she made me dinner 5 days a week. I will never forget that place.
4	I got really lost looking for this place! Directionally challenged I know. But my excuse is that I'm an international traveler in your fine city!Anyway, I was starving and was determined to find this joint after reading all these great reviews. I had the 1/4 chicken leg combo, which was translated to me by a really nice couple (the menu is in French FYI). I watched in amazement as the cook chopped up the meat and piled it with a TON of fries!!! The meal could easily feed a family of four! It also comes with rice and a salad. But honestly you can't see what's underneath the giant pile of fries!The chicken had a lovely taste to it. The spicy sauce wasn't as spicy as I'd like it to be. And everything was a teensy bit too salty. If I had a friend to share it with, it would have been more manageable!  All in all a great neighborhood restaurant. Seems to be hugely popular with the locals. The line was almost out the door!
4	This place is pretty much unreal! You walk in, actually, before you even walk in, you can smell the barbeque down the street. You can fully see what the cooks are doing. You can see the food roasting over the open pit. Incredible eats. The portions are more than enough to fill an average person up. I ordered half a chicken, with salade and frites. It was bursting out of the take out container. AND it the meal comes with a homemade bun.Will definitely need to return to this place for another feed.
5	If you go to Romados don't wait for a fancy place but for excellent food. This is by far the best barbecued chicken place in Montreal. Saint-Hubert, Scores and other are great places for chicken but Romados takes it to a new level. If you can call before you arrive you will avoid the lineup and will get your chicken faster. The sizes of the portions are unreal and the complementary "pastel de nata" (Portuguese custard pie) and small bun make this meal a true Portuguese experience. I keep returning to Romados as the service is also amazing. A little trick: while they are serving you at the counter make sure you place heavy coins on the wooden tip box and your portion may even increase (ehehe) If you buy portions for parties don't be surprised if you pay for 6 chicken and they give you seven. Romados is the best charcoal Barbecue Chicken in Quebec!
4	Quite the experience. Expect a line. Worth the wait.
5	Le mieileur Poulet Portuguais en ville.
5	Yum and a great deal!!  Finger licking good chicken!  And give the Portuguese egg tart a try!  The super flaky crust with rich custard filling was delicious!
5	Not necessarily a fancy restaurant, but one of the most memorable meals I've had in Montreal.  It's sometimes tough to find parking, and the line in the restaurant can be long, but the chicken was so tasty that it's worth the extra trouble.
5	Best food bargain on my trip to Montreal, thanks yelpers for the suggestion. For under $20 we got two half chicken combos and enough tasty chicken and fries to feed us for two meals. I generally don't eat rotisserie chicken skin, but this chicken had me eating everything but the bones. I liked their salt and pepper seasoned fries. I guess we were lucky, we only had to wait a few minutes to order, and got a seat at a table.
5	During my week-long vacation in Montreal, I had a sushi buffet, an expensive French dinner and large amounts of poutine. Yet, the meal I would have again in a heartbeat, the meal that highlighted my stay, resides in this amazing and humble establishment. For a light lunch, my parents and I split a half a chicken and fries. The chicken was perfectly cooked: mind-blowingly flavorful, juicy and enveloped in the crispiest, tastiest skin. Also, the chicken had the perfect level of spiciness, whetting the appetite with each bite. On top of this, the fries were a mountain of pillowy potatoes which I would say rivals if not tops Pommes Frites in New York. Once you put one of these babies in your mouth, you can forget about that diet you've been trying to keep because you will not be able to control yourself! I have to stop now because I'm literally salivating too much. Rotisserie Romados is definitely worth it in every sense of the word!
4	The Portuguese people are known for their chicken; now I know why! Rotisserie Romados offers the most delicious chicken. The place isn't the most attractive or spacious, but that doesn't stop people from waiting in line to get some good food.After waiting in line for 30 minutes, I got my quarter chicken combo (chicken, salad & fries) - around $7. At my request, the chicken was smothered in spicy oil sauce which gave a nice mild spicy taste to the food. The chicken is very juicy, hot, tender and perfect! The salad was good and the fries were thick but lacked the crispiness I like, but they tasted really good too. The portions are gigantic- you've been warned. Romados doesn't have lots of seating space and is usually crowed. The bakery there seemed nice and the staff was nice and efficient. I didn't like how my hot food was placed in a floppy styrofoam box- yuck. Although that bothered me, I don't think it's going to stop me from coming back to this place.If you want some amazing chicken; I would highly recommend picking some up at Rotisserie Romados!
5	Always a line so call ahead and save yourself some time.The chicken here is legendary, it's like a flavor grenade went off in your mouth. Crispy skin, juicy, juicy chicken and nice spice. I can eat and I usually split a half chicken meal with my partner. It's a half chicken with a salad and a boatload of fries on top. Get the spicy sauce- it's not super spicy but it's very flavorful. Oh, and grab an egg tart for dessert.You must try it!
5	Freaking. Awesome.Best deal of the city. A small amount of money gets you a HUGE meal that you can share.Delicious chicken, juicy, well done, the line is so long at lunch that you know the food is always fresh and not stale. Yummy.
5	My heart (and stomach) is wavering: who has the better chicken in town? Romados or Coco Rico?Romados' chicken is a bit smoky and has different layers of flavor (tangy. spicy) I'm literally biting and chewing on all the bones. Fries are delicious with the spicy sauce...And do they serve them by the bucket or something?Coco Rico's chicken is a different specie. Bigger, juicy, and meat falls off the bone. It's less flavorful in terms of spices but it's so tasty. The potatoes melt in your mouth.Finish off with a Portuguese egg tart :)Romado's is better... No Coco Rico is.... No Romados... No Coco Rico... you get the picture!
5	BELIEVE THE HYPE!The fabled line is totally worth it. My guy and I will spend 12 bucks splitting a whole chicken (spicy, duh) for dinner and I'm seriously knawing the marrow out of the bones and eating the spinal cord at the end of the meal, it's soooo good.WARNING: If I eat the potatoes and the bird at once I go into a serious chicken coma so I advise only a side of salad if you actually want to do something with your day.
5	You know a place is good when 1) the lowest rating it has received is 4 stars and 2) every review about it devolves into a lusty, food-porny mish mash of words. I love it.There's not much to say here that hasn't already been said but I agree that this is the best chicken I have ever had and this would be a strong contender for my choice of last meal on earth.So instead of a fulsome review I will offer four basic Romados commandments that must be observed.1) Thou shalt order the spicy oil and lots of it. First it's not that spicy. Second it gets slathered on with a paint brush by the same lady who wields a three foot knife (and you wouldn't want to make her upset now would you). Third it tastes like it's primarily composed of wine. Fourth, you will find yourself with twisted fantasies about it.2) Thou shalt not order the white meat. This one shouldn't even have to be explained - you're not here for health food and dark meat is just plain tastier. If you get an extra piece of chicken's back, you're in for a real treat. Nom nom nom. 3) Thou are not permitted to drink the beer they sell in the actual establishment. This is one of those wtf? only-in-Montreal moments. If it's a nice day, buy a Molson Dry and take your delicious lunch to nearby Mont-Royal park. Bonus points if it's Sunday and you can watch tam tams or LARPing. 4) Don't be distracted by the fries. They're very good but just empty filler. In my opinion you're better off discarding half of them so that you have room for more dark chicken (and back) meat and possibly a delicious quesada (Portuguese egg tart) to finish everything off. 5) What are thou doing? Go eat Romados right now.
4	First thing you need to do IF you decide to go by this place. Call and put in the order or you will be waiting in line drooling for 15-30 minutes.My GF and I order 1/2 of poulet combo. It came with Fries and Salad. The bill was around 10 bucks or so. The bird was bar b q really well. They give you a big portion. We try not to order big meal because we want to go to as many places as we can when we were in MTL. We were in Montreal for 3 days we ate here twice and it was well worth it.Remember look up the # and call first before you go. Check out the menu online. Or take a bib with you. :-)
4	Overrated chicken. I got the one with spicy oil on it. Honestly I was underwhelmed. The portugese egg tart on the other hand was the BOMB, nice crispy skin and firm filling, so much better than Chinatown egg tarts. I give 5 stars for the pastel de nata, 3 for the chicken.
5	Why do I try other portugese chicken places?  I should always go here. Always.  PS - they close at 8pm, and may run out of chicken before then, so get there early.
4	Yum - definitely the tastiest chicken I've eaten in North America - even without the chili sauce!The chips were tasty, I don't know what they added to it but it was awesome!  Also came with a dessert, but I much preferred the portugese tart I bought =)If you can't read french and are wondering why there are 2 prices for a 1/4 chicken it relates to the part of the chicken you get.  I had a 1/2 chicken and definitely recommend getting the thigh....mmmm
5	This place serves crack -- in the form of rotisserie chicken and french fries. This is easily the best combo of the two that you can get on Planet Earth. No joke.
5	this place is so good we went back twice in the row. The chicken was amazing and don't forget to get the custard tart. Skip the salad and just go for the whole chicken and small fries (enough for 3 people).
4	What Montreal is all about: you bike, far, up in these neighborhoods where everything may look so common to you and then you end up spotting the place that will make your day. So simple and so unique.Rotisserie Romados will surprise you. Make sure you get the chicken. A "1/2" will surely fit two starving stomachs and get a good load of spicy sauce. You may ask for breasts or thighs. And by the way, yelpers perhaps do not highlight it enough but the fries are excellent: crunchy and tasting like potatoes. Drinks wise, I recommend the imported Guarana soda and the Portuguese bottled orange soda. But Romados is also a pastry and will serve you creamy egg-tart and cappuccinos (or might be as well-off going to Neve right in front of it).  Furthermore, given quality and quantity, prices are unbeatable. 1/2 Chicken + 2 sodas + Dessert = $15. Bread comes free.PS Does NOT accept Credit cards but Debit ones.
5	The chicken is amazing!  The pastel de nata is highly recommended as well.
5	There is nothing I can say of this place that hasn't already been said.Amazing chicken and amazing fries.
5	Best chicken ever. Great fries. Even the buns are rich in bunly goodness.Not much space to eat, so plan on taking it home or heading to a nearby park to chow down.
4	Yelp Montreal led us here to see what all the 5 star reviews was all about..From my analysis of devouring chicken, my conclusion comes down to some points about Romados... ::PROS::Cheap for a half chicken ($7.5ish)HUGE ass portionsFamily ran, no frills what you see is what you get type of spot..The chicken breast was pretty tastyTONS of fries just flopped over blanketing the chickenSalad as a healthy garnish along with their vinegar dressingDid I say a LOAD of fries?Spicy oil based hot sauce You walk out full, and not hungryThey give you a huge bread to chase with the chickenBakery, for the dessert lovers afterwardsxx-CONS-XXA little dry on the half chicken I orderedFries were just ok. It was seasoned but not that good.The wings were not SO tasty. It kinda lost some of the OoompH in taste. I would definitely come back and try it again. A good spot to just munch down on some rotisserie chicken. Originally I wanted to give this spot a 3.5* stars, but the pros out weight the cons..
5	So. Mindblowingly. Good. I don't even like chicken and I'd eat Ramados every single day for the rest of my life if I could. WHAT ARE THEY DOING to this meat?? What is that miraculous basting mixture being slathered over these rotating birds?? Why, after all of this time, am I still craving Ramados??! The fries are whatever, but the chicken - ohmydearlawdinheaven, the CHICKEN! Seriously, it's so good that when a couple of my friends were debating whether to move from Montreal to Korea, Ramados weighed heavily on their decision. No joke. It's that freaking phantasmagorical. Don't walk, don't wait, just go - GO to Ramados. And thank the poultry gods for making such a deliciously greasy bird.
3	Guys relax... maybe in Montreal you have St Hubert and that is why you give this place 5 stars...  the chicken is good, ok, but that's it. We tried the calamari and it was suspiciously huge pieces and very salty... the sides are absolutely loaded, too much... so much it is kind of grotesque... So...  get two chickens for a party of 6-8 and then ask for the smallest side of salad and the smallest side of potatoes and that will be more than enough for all your party...
5	The only negative about this place are the lineups. I hate waiting for my food even if it is worth the wait.
4	Does live up to the hype, but certainly does not stand out on its own in this neighborhood.Chicken was great (as has been heavily stated)! But the breast was a little dry.  Also wasn't a fan of the fact that the spicy chicken is a regular chicken with chili oil added after the fact.  Portugalia (down the street at the intersection of Rachel and Clark) puts the chili oil, etc. on while they grill the chicken.  Fries are ok, but both the chicken and the fries seemed to be much better with the added chili oil.Bread was great and $10 for 1/2 a chicken, salad, and a ton of fries was more than enough for 2 people.  Food was extremely quick, despite other reviews that had a long wait.Not much place to sit and eat, and no drinking alcohol in the restaurant.All in all, a fantastic place to grab great Portuguese chicken and fries (maybe some beer) to take home.  But if you want equal quality chicken with crispier fries and the ability to sit and enjoy the food with a beer and a few olives, give Portugalia a try, you won't be disappointed.
3	If I had to base this review just on the chicken, it'd be 4 stars.  The chicken is indeed phenomenal, and the hot sauce and fries are pretty good too, but the rice is pretty bland and dry, and I wasn't a fan of the pastry that came with the meal either.  As far as a value meal goes, for $8 you get a ton of food.Stick to the chicken and you'll be just fine here.
4	Saw this place on yelp and on a cooking Chanel so I decided to try it. I got the 1/4 of chicken with fries and it came with this hot sauce. The mountain of fries were so tasty ( specially at the end covered in sauce and that's if you get to that ). I'm pretty sure there are some onions with the fries seasoning....yum. Now the chicken, it was so full of flavor you could really tell this was no ordinary rotisserie chicken. I would definitely recommend this place. The portions are huge and it was only 8$. I give this place a 4 star because  sitting there was really uncomfortable and if you take it to go and wait to long it's not the same so eat it fresh you won't be disappointed.
4	I love the fries, and the sauce on the chicken was great. The juiciness of the chicken was very good, but couldn't match the splendidity of the sauce. I wouldn't say it's a be-all-end-all or can't miss, but it's definitely a good stop - very popular with locals. The baked items seemed doable too. I liked how casual this place was, how your order from the cooks, who stand in front of the kitchen. I didn't see many take-out joints in my time in Montreal, this was a good one. Dig it.
5	Not sure how we found out about this place, but I am definitely glad that we did! It was absolutely amazing and worth the trek. For $10, you get 1/2 portuguese bbq chicken, a salad, rice, a mountain of french fries and a dinner roll. Definitely enough food for two hungry tummies! We're not the spicy food type, so when she asked if we wanted it spicy we were quick to say no! I kid you not, she gave us a look as if we were weenies :[ so we hesitantly changed our minds and asked for it spicy. Let me tell you that sauce is phenomenal, it would not have been the same without it! Its vinegary and sweet with just enough kick. By the end of the meal, we were soaking up the spicy sauce with our fries just to make sure we didn't waste a drop of it. The fries are delicious on their own. just the right seasoning.Such a great deal for a great amount of delicious chicken and fries heaven! I wish they had a place like this in LA. I must warn you though, its a small corner establishment. Not much room to sit and eat. So do figure out other places you can park it and enjoy your meal!
4	amazing portuguese-style slowed cooked (smoked) meats and fries. get there early for the specials, which sometimes include rabbit or lamb. and don't ignore the displays: baked goods are good, chorizo is incredible. there are a few places to sit and eat and no table service - only a takeout counter.
4	For 9 $ I had half chicken, salad, rice and an insane amount of fries. It's a good option for not too much money
5	We ate here 3 times during our 6-day visit, and for good reason! The chicken sandwich is amazing. The answer to "Spicy?" is a clear & resounding "YES." The fries are ridiculously good; even the salad was delicious! Don't be put off by the seemingly long line--it moves fast and is well worth the wait.In my opinion, this was the best value in Montreal.
5	The most amazing fries I have ever tasted, and a huge serving for $3.  Sooo good.
5	Oh Romados. I miss you so. I remember that first time when I had walked through your doors and headed straight to that line formed outside the food-serving window. I had just gotten the last chicken of the day, and the guy behind me had turned away all upset. I don't blame him. I would be mighty upset too if I had missed out on the heavenly chicken that you cook. I remember, that greasy-and-delicious-barbeque-chicken smell coming out of that window was INTENSE. It was a hurried experience. The sweet young lady standing on the other side of the counter shouted "PIQUANTE?" when I ordered the chicken and I wasnt sure what was happening, but 'piquante' is always a safe bet for me so I said "YES" and bam! She had the chicken legs in a little container, grabbed her brush and basted that piece of chicken with this greasy delicious-looking sauce before handing me the container and shouting "NO MORE CHICKEN SORRY!"I felt like a little kid who had just gotten the last ice-cream from the ice-cream man. I hurried off home clutching the precious container in my hand. As soon as I got home, I opened the container, took in the aroma wafting from the chicken, and dug in. I took the first bite, then the second, then the third... and I knew. You were irreplaceable. I would search far and wide, but nothing would ever compare. Its true, Romados. I might have to come back to Montreal for you.
5	Oh yum. Bonjour to the best chicken I've ever eaten. Lately, I'm just so bored with chicken. It's like the white bread of meat. boring. overdone. everywhere. Kind of like how my vagina used to be before I quit whoring. And then I met Romados. The shop is on the edge of a sweet little neighborhood. Parking is plentiful or you can easily ride your bike here. Great bike lanes all the way down Rachel. Ordering was funny. For me. Not for my mom who fumbled her way through that only written in French menu. She tried to order by the price. I'm laughing now only because it was so damn cute. I love my mom, even moreso when she tries to speak French with her sweet southern twang. The chicken is moist. Juicy. Delicious. Spicy. Just like something else I know. It's kind of indescribably good. Really. It comes with a MOUND of french fries, so you're better off just ordering a whole chicken platter. Split it with someone and you have a delicious, filling meal for under $15. Order it spicy. Eat it there, although the space is a bit uncomfortable. I just cannot imagine it would be as good later on.
4	I love Romados.  Have for many a year.  Until 2010 their "quarter chicken" trio (with fries and salad) was really 4 or 5 pieces of totally awesome chicken covered in spicy delicious portugese flavah.  So deliciously yummy.Recently they underwent some renovations, which somehow has made their chicken slightly more dry, and the management may have changed, so their formally uber-generous portions have been reduced to more standard fare sizes.  Still delicious though, and hands down my go-to fave for rotisserie/bbq chicken in MTL.
4	The chicken comes in huge proportion compared to the price! please do check it out with an empty stomach.
5	Best Chicken ever!!
5	Wow. I've never seen reviews like this! And I believe they are deserved. You can eat yourself into yummy obesity for only 10$ a day!
5	Atmosphere, Service, Food: What you need to know.Atmosphere: Ramados is a Portuguese, charcoal grill chicken place. No-nonesence set-up - it's made to serve people one thing: hot, juicy, fresh of the charcoal grill chicken! Very popular among the local community (and beyond) - it's often busy so don't expect to go in and get a table for two - there's barely 6-7 places you may sit.  Think the "Soup-Nazi" restaurant from Seinfeld fame.  You walk in - wait in line (moves quickly), order your chicken and GO!Service:  The people that work there - Portuguese - are very friendly and best of all know what they are doing.Food:  Ah the food.  There are plenty of Portuguese style grill restaurants in Montreal - but Ramados seems to have built a cult following due to the consistency with which they deliver the goods.  I've been to Ramados well over half a dozen times - and each time the meal is a good as the previous - not many restaurants can boast such a quality.  They have a very limited menu - mainly consisting of grilled Chicken and Pork, but if you're going there - you're definitely going for the Chicken.  They also have a glass display full of home made sausages, cheeses, and desserts!best of all? they are VERY generous! You'll pay your money, eat, and walk-out thinking that it was the best thing you've done all week.  The Fries are to die for.So good you just may end up going again, the next day!
5	Just went back last week to get some crazy-man-on-chicken love. The recent shout-out on Anthony Bourdain's the Layover Montreal episode was well deserved, but will likely make it harder to get a seat going forward. Damn.
5	Three words for this place: grub as feeze! I ate here only once on my very first visit to Montreal, and I still think about my meal that day and salivate just a 'lil.I saw a few different establishments advertising "Portuguese Rotisserie Chicken" in Montreal, and decided that I would do some Yelping to determine the best location to ingest aforementioned chicken (which was new to my quarter-Portuguese heritage self -- is this a Canadian thing?!). Yelpers did not fail me -- my two-piece chicken meal with fries and side salad was tha bizness! I was even able to procure a grape Fanta as my beverage -- what?!Seating is indeed a problem though -- I got my meal to-go and walked the block-and-a-half up to the small Parq des Ameriques, and consumed this meal-from-the-Gods out of the styrofoam box on a park bench. And when they ask "Spicy?" Say yes. Or, sorry -- "Oui!" Or "sim!"
5	We trudged all around the Plateau looking for a lunch spot on the day after New Year's Day, but the city's restaurant owners must have still be sleeping off their hangovers (?) because nothing was open. Nothing except Romados, of course.The lineup was huge, but the food was worth the wait. The chicken hadn't met the dry fate of so many other chickens before it (thank god). It was spicy and moist and of course greasy, but in a good way. The portion was huge. It came with a heap of fries (crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside) and a few bites of salad. I ate so much I didn't eat dinner that night, and I still didn't finish my plate.There aren't many spots to sit, but in better weather it's not a problem to find someplace outside nearby.
5	one of my favorite bbq chicken place in montreal...i actually dreamt of it when i lived in LA! Stay away from the fries ...they are so awesome you can't just eat a few!!!Romados for me is to chicken what Shwatzes is to smoke meat!!!
5	So I wander into this Portuguese chicken joint (after some Yelping) for a late breakfast and stand in line as I watch the chickens on the rotisserie.  I see the big takeout containers and I'm hungry so I order the 1/2 chicken combo for a whopping ~$10 - which comes with a boatload of fries, rice and salad and spicy sauce on the chicken.  For some reason, they also threw in a dessert tart and a dinner roll at the cashier station - I must have nodded at some prompt when I wasn't really paying attention.  (I do that often...)  I think I paid a total of $13 with a pop.With my chicken box in hand - I realized my first error.  This tiny space had no more 'real' seats with tablespace.  So I walk over to the little mini-bench, give PersianDude a nod, he shuffles over and I squat down beside him and we both each chicken off our laps.  For some reason, this somehow enhanced the experience.  Don't know why.First off - the amount of food you get is huge.  Take a look at my pictures.  The fries are damned good and are completely mounded on top of the chicken.  It took a good 5 - 10 minutes of eating and maneuvering before I got to the chicken.  The chicken is delicious and moist - wished the sauce was spicier but this was damned good roasted chicken.  Seriously - I should have probably stopped eating about 1/3 the way through because I was just full of fries and chicken grease.  This is coming from a fat bastard.But I watched PersianDude demolish his chickenbox and I didn't want to spend the rest of my day carrying a box of chicken with me.  So I willed my way through the chicken - it was good but if I was to cry, chicken grease would have came out of my eyes.  After about 40 minutes of focused eating, I polished my box off.  I threw the dinner roll which had a density of a hockey puck away and wrapped up my dessert tart.I didn't know it at the time - but this chicken box at 11AM was the last thing I would eat for 24 hours.  Fast forward to 10AM the next morning and waking up hungry from a night of drinking, I rediscover the dessert tart on my nightstand.  Wow - Romados - you know me better than I know myself.
5	deliciouse, succulent, moist, tender, spicy, flavorfulRamados chix is amazing bursting with flavor and soul.i can't wait to experience it in Montreal at the real place!awesome awesome grub
3	It is good, the line is long (call ahead) and it is cheap! Fries are sweet, did not see any rice maybe it was under the pounds of fries! I am not sure I would do the line again unless I was short on cash. More of a value than a virtue.
5	Not much to add about this place which has not already been said, I had my first chicken from here when I lived on DeBullion over 15 years ago, at the time it was more of a grocery store but they made the chicken to go (you had to call to order for same day, or wait at least 45 min to an hour), now it is more of a take out food and bakery/deli.  Their chicken is very good with a smoky flavor and is home seasoned a la Portuguese, the fries are very good and try the grilled sardines, which are also very tasty.  The price is so affordable it is a must for students, and a score no matter what.  Hopefully they will keep making it as there seems to be a new controversy about the smoke emanating from places like this and the neighboring residence are complaining.enjoy while you can this could be the end of an era.....to be continued
5	Incase all the other 5-star reviews weren't enough, let me add my own:This chicken is the bomb. The end. That's all she wrote.Seriously though, when my mate was visiting from Calgary we ate here every week for 3 weeks, and in between visits we thought about coming to eat here. It was good all the times we went.The chicken is crispy, but the key is the sauce. Make sure you get extra sauce, 'cause that's where it's at. The fries are herbed, and cooked toIf you order a meal (chicken, chips) before 12 or 1pm you also get a free bread roll and a Portugese tart (!). Needless to say, this place is Legit Portugese, so they know how to make a tart.If you're in Montreal, want some good chicken, want to try a local institution, or any of the previous, just go here already.
5	Wow!! The chicken is sooo good!!The fries have this special spice which makes it really good.Get the hot sauce on you chicken and dip your fries in it. This is food porn!!
5	I am a BBQ fanatic (smoked stuff) and love anything on the grill, too.  I just got back from eating Romados' chicken.  I ordered a half-chicken platter that came with fries and salad.  The first words out of my mouth when I smelled the chicken were literally, "holy cow!"After I parked my car half a block away from this gem on the corner, I knew what I was getting myself into.  I immediately smelled the charcoal!  And after walking inside the establishment, heaven.  The chickens are spatchcocked and are rotating as they are cooking over the charcoal.  I've never seen that type of roasting/grilling setup in my life, especially at a restaurant.So, there I was with chicken-in-hand and about 1/2 lb. of fries!  The woman at the counter (cashier) then gave me a piece of freshly-baked Portuguese bread and a small tart.  This was free.The dude that took my order was a bit rude.  I guess that happens when I don't speak French?  But other than that, no complaints.  This place rocks.
4	finally I went to Romados with my friend who were visiting Montreal from Toronto."It's really famous and really good." this is what I told him.we really like the huge amount of frites and delicious chicken and the salad.I would love to visit again, when it's not crowded!
5	THE BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!If I were on death row, this would be my last meal request...The fries are amazingly good, the salad is tasty and the chicken is delectable! Fall off the bone, perfectly spiced with some form of piri-piri sauce, it may be very salty, but totally worth it...!!!Prepared fresh, you see the chickens preparing, cooking, waiting, and being cut and served to you. There is no guess work as to where your food comes from or what is being done to it!!!Extremely affordable, quick service (but be prepared to wait around 15 minutes anyways...there are always people!) I wish they had more tables so we could enjoy this at a more leisurely pace. If you get a spot, be kind and don't dilly-dally, there are people who are waiting to eat!!!Excellent custard tarts (pasteis de nata) and I;m sure everything else is great as well.I will never go to another Portuguese chicken place so long as Romados is around...
4	We had a rough idea of where this place was, but actually found it by following our noses. This was our first stop after rolling into town. We made our way inside and got in line with only a few people ahead of us. Once we took a good look at the menu, we noticed that the line behind us was out the door. We picked up lunch, which was so delicious and filling that we didn't need dinner that day. For ~$8 for a half chicken, special sauce, small salad and boatload of fries it is a real bargain! It's a ton of food (especially if you aren't bashful with the fries) that remarkably leaves you feeling full in a good way.  The meal also came with a huge Portuguese-style roll that I didn't eat until the next day at breakfast.The chicken was excellent - wings and legs were perfect, though the breast a little dry. The "spicy" sauce was a perfect touch, more an addition of flavor and moisture and a gentle hint of spice. It was a perfect dipping sauce for the fries at the end. The fries themselves were outstanding - seasoned to perfection with a hint of aromatic sweetness that seemed like celery. Yum!
5	Best chicken in Montreal and one of the best ever in my life. Get prepared for a serious que though.
5	I am so thankful that we found Romados on yelp!  Yelp to the rescue, yet again!  The chicken is fall of the bone tender and has just the right bit of smokiness.  The Portuguese egg tarts are amazingly good and they carry Five Alive in cans!  Sweet!
5	Yet another Montreal gem. Hands down the best Portuguese barbecue chicken Montreal has to offer, every other restaurant that is remotely good will still come AFTER Romados. You can smell it from down the street, it is inexpensive, and absolutely delicious. Whether you are ordering the perfectly cooked and spiced chicken, fries, salad, or pastries, your taste buds are in for the ride of their lives. Do not miss out on this place!
4	One of Montreal's finest rotisseries. Their secret family recipe is divine. And it's so cheap. Should you want to bring home a family meal, grab a chicken or porc sandwich with fries, or taste some traditional Portuguese pastries, Romados is the place to go. Just be aware that you may have to brave a serious lineup.
4	Two visits in one trip pretty much sums up how much I enjoyed Romados. The thing I love about this is the chicken first of all and you get a complete meal for a very reasonable price. Let's start with the chicken. The chicken is marinated in their special blend of Portuguese goodness. It's then butterflied onto their rotisserie racks which is cooked slowly over a open flame. While the racks turn, the fat renders from the chicken and juices from the chicken drips onto the neighboring racks causing each chicken to base it it's own juice. This process keeps the chicken from staying moist and tender. To order the process is quite simple. You can either order the chicken by itself or combo meal which come with fries, rice, small salad, and roll. The chicken comes in the following sizes, from 1/4, 1/2, to full, and spicy or not. If you order 1/4 chicken, you can either request leg or breast. The fries are enough for 2 to 4 skinny people or 2 fat people. In other words, they give you a lot of fries. The fries are piled on the whole plate covering everything so you have to dig through the fries to get to the chicken. The rice is not so great. It doesn't have much flavor and pretty dry for my taste. The side salad is pretty much that, a side salad topped with their dressing.In addition to having great chicken they also have a variety of baked goods. I do not know the name of these wonderful delights, but the egg custard thing was awesome. It reminded me of the the Chinese version that I see at dim sum and Asian bakeries. I also had their chocolate eclairs. I'm guessing it's more of a french thing than Portuguese, however the eclairs were delicious. Each eclair cost 1 Canadian dollar. Normally you find eclairs for 3x as much and much smaller. Seating is very limited, but from my experience, it seems like most people order their food to go.
3	Good priced, not too sure what the hype is about the chicken, it didn't taste out of the world to me. Definitely seems healthier than other options, doesn't leave a greasy feeling in your mouth.
5	Mama Romados you have officially ruined my appetite for chicken. Until I went looking for chicken at your place I was fully content with 99% of my chicken meals I've encountered. Now, I can't eat any kind of chicken dish without comapring it to your aromatic, succulent rotisserie chicken and ultimately being disappointed.The disappointment is almost too much to barebecause I see no end in sight... It's almost as agonizing as the walk back home after getting romados take away: Holding the goodness in your hand; the smell enticing you for the entire walk back home... at least with this agony ends with you devouring some amazing chicken.Go and get some... and FedEx me a chicken SVP.
5	Romados is the BEST place to go if your craving fries and Portugese chicken!  The special blend of spices that they marinate in the chicken are oh so delicious.  Can't get enough of it. Plus, the chicken is always so juicy and tender.  Price cannot be beat for the amount of food that you get! 1/4 of a chicken, gigantic pile of fries and a tiny side salad is only around $10. They also usually give you a small bun to soak up the juices with.  All this food is put in a nice white takeaway container where you can attempt to find a seat (probably sits max 10 people) or you can just walk to a park close by to enjoy your meal.  Grab some napkins before you go though.Here's a little insider's tip: Make sure you try one of their natas (Portugese style egg tarts) before you leave.  Absolutely amazing.  Tip #2:  Call an hour's time ahead if you don't want to wait in line so that when you get there, you can stand in the faster line (there's two lines if you go during rush/dinner hour - one for drop in's and one for pick up's).Clearly, I should never have left Montreal...
3	I guess it's not Romados, it's me. My friends dragged me to Romados on a whim, because the day was so beautiful. I wasn't familiar with the place before, and neither was I familiar with Portuguese cuisine, so I didn't know what to expect. I thought this would be a full-blown restaurant with all sorts of Portuguese specialties. This is more a hole-in-the-wall sorta place: you order at one small counter after waiting in line, and choose from maybe 6 different meal options written above the counter. The Menu is fairly small and as the "Rotisserie" part of the name would suggest, consists mainly of chicken. I usually don't go out to eat chicken and ordered a pork escalope sandwich and a custard bun. Judging from all the reviews before me, I guess this is where I made a faux-pas. The sandwich was good. No more, no less. The bread was fluffy and bland, the escalopes a bit overcooked, what really bound everything together was the fat. Full-on fat, everywhere. The fries certainly benefit from all that fatty goodness and the next time I stop at Romados I'll gladly order a side of fries: they are well-seasoned and delicious and I promptly finished my friend's portion. The pastry stand is gorgeous to look at but nothing is named, and I always feel a fool trying to describe what I want. What is Portuguese? What isn't? I'm looking for something authentic here! My custard bun was good as well, with a hint of artificial processing in the custard's taste.  The prices are so low I'll probably be back a couple more times and see what exactly it is I seem to be missing out on.
4	My first meal in Montreal and this place didn't disappoint.  The address on the door says 123, there isn't another place around but I was a little confused. The chicken meal was huge and I definitely couldn't finish all of the food I had ordered with the half chicken meal. The chicken itself was delicious, particularly the skin and the sauce that came with it. The chicken didn't ruin chicken for me, as there were some pieces that were far less moist than others, but overall, it was a delicious piece of chicken, perfectly complimented by the soft but flavorful french fries.
5	We screwed this dinner up twice.  Here are some essential tips so you don't also:1) Go no later than 630.  The line explodes after that and you may not get chicken.2) Two people should get a whole chicken meal to share.  Don't fool yourself thinking you'll only eat a quarter.  This chicken is the crack of the North.3) When they ask "spicy?" say yes.  The sauce gets sopped up by the seasoned fries.4) Feel free to use US dollars.  We got 1-to-1.Miss this place at your own risk.
5	I found this place here on Yelp and it did not disappoint.  I was a little confused at first because I didn't realize this place was not a typical sit down style restaurant.  I came with a group of 4 people and we had to split up in two's to eat.  If we would have know in advance, we would have planned it different.  Nonetheless, the chicken was delicious.  The meat just fell off the bone and it had the just right kind of spiciness to it.  It was definitely some of the best barbecue chicken I've ever had.  The sauce on the chicken made the fries that come with it much better too.  They were just sitting in the juices and the sauce adding flavor the perfectly done fries.  The price was pretty reasonable as well.If I lived here, I would definitely visit this place often.
5	When I think of Montreal, Portuguese cuisine is not the first thought that comes to my mind.  Smoked meat and poutine may be the dishes that Montreal may be best known for, but you can add Portuguese Roast Chicken to that list.  At Rotisserie Romados, their Portuguese Roast Chicken is right up there with some of the best grilled chicken that I have eaten.  How good was the chicken? This was by far the best meal of my trip!Located in The Plateau neighborhood, Rotisserie Romados is about an 8-10 minute walk from the Mont Royal Metro station.  Upon first glance, I honestly thought that the outside facade of the eatery reminded me of a church.  That being said, this "church of chicken" is a fairly small eatery with a few seats if you choose to eat in, but primarily a place to order take out.  Besides the roast chicken, Rotisserie Romados also has a bakery that serves up a pretty respectable selection of mouth watering Portuguese pastries.As far as the food is concerned, let's just say that something is seriously wrong with you if you leave here hungry.  Eager to feast on some chicken that I had heard so much about, I ordered the 1/2 Chicken Plate that came with a salad and was covered with a  mountain of fries.  At only $8 CAD, this was such a great deal especially with the portions being so generous.  Grilled over charcoal, the roast chicken was extremely moist on the inside, but still retained a crispy crunch on the outside.  Although the chicken was probably tasty enough as is, I decided to have my chicken slathered with a spicy Piri Piri Sauce to get the full Portuguese Chicken experience since I had come all the way from Hawaii.  The spices from the Piri Piri sauce and the drippings from the chicken were the perfect sauce to dip my fries in to scoop up all that yummy flavor.If this were not good enough, the lady at the register also added in a free dessert to my lunch.  This would be more than enough for most people, but I always have room for dessert.  I do not speak any French or Portuguese, but I made sure to remember the words "Pastel De Nata."  This Portuguese Custard Tart was the perfect end to my chicken feast and just blew my mind by how creamy delicious it was.       Just writing this review makes my mouth water and brings back fond memories of my trip to Montreal.
4	My wife and I treked to Romados and I was in sad that they didn't offer sandwiches on the weekend and I was about to leave, but I regressed and got back into the 10 minute line for the chicken plate. My wife said, "You have to at least try this place" So I ordered the chicken breast plate with only salad. He looked at me kind of weird that I didn't want a pound of fries and 600 calories of rice with it.The chicken was roillng on about 12 sckewers over coal in the background. The chicken was juicy and the salad was wonderful with the dressing they put on top.They had huge bottles of water for $1, which was awesome. We were happy!Everyone there was super happy, they were eating 3,000 calories of food, no problem, so I am guessing all the walking in Montreal keeps these people fit.Overall, a great place, but I really would have liked to try the sandwich.I am glad my wife made me stay and try their classic food instead of moving on.
3	Not as impressive as the lines would have you believe, but it's ridiculously cheap and huge (at least, the amount of fries are)! Hubby and got the half chicken platter to share - half a chicken, small salad, and an insane amount of fries (greasy, heavy, soggy) on top. I like that they give you a little tart to have as dessert! We also purchased a portuguese egg tart which was creamy and sweet and delightful. NOT someplace I'd recommend to go as a tourist as it's more of a grocery store/deli with only 2 tables, but it's good food.
4	If you can find the chicken under all the fries, you will be handsomely rewarded. Two people + one half-chicken combo = awesome dinner for under $10. We took ours to Parc La Fontaine, along with a waterbottle filled with cheap Depanneur wine, and had one hell of a picnic.The chicken was juicy and flavourful and the sauce-soaked fries were irresistible. The salad was meh and very small, and we didn't get any rice as listed on the menu board, but the Portuguese roll they threw in was lovely - dense and chewy crust but pillowy in the middle. It's hard not to love this place.
3	Chicken with French fries - THREE OUT OF FIVE. The chicken was super salty, crammed into a styrofoam box also containing a mountain of french fries. This was one of the times that quantity is not better than quality. I honestly think the rotisserie chicken at your local grocery store is better. Egg Tarts - FIVE OUT OF FIVE. These are so good ... they are an egg-tarte with a pudding consistency and absolutely melt in your mouth.
5	My family and I decided to try this restaurant after reading various Yelp accounts. First, this is part bakery and part takeout joint. The staff is helpful to those of us who do not speak French. The chicken is quite good. Not the best I have ever had, but very good. They were out of rice, so I had fries. They were good with pepper on them just like I prefer. There were so many that I could not finish half of them. It came with a small salad buried under the fries.The best thing, of course, is the price. Drinks and three meals came in under $30.00. Quite a break from expensive Montreal!
5	I'm a picky bastard when it comes to most things, but the chicken here is a stroke of absolute genius!To wait for 20 minutes in the Saturday lineup that extends out the door onto the corner of Rachel and De Bullion would ordinarily be an inconvenience for most people, but it's more of a calming pleasure as the smell of rotisserie roasting chicken over a charcoal fire is sure to illuminate the senses with hungry delight.A quarter chicken with a veritable mountain of fries and nice bit of salad will run you a minuscule 7 dollars and could very well feed a family of 4, though I personally like to divide it into 2 meals depending on my level of hunger. Beyond its ridiculously tasty chicken, Ramado's is also a full fledged Portuguese bakery which offers some of the finest custard tarts in the city and really nice Portuguese buns which they will include as a compliment to the chicken meal if you ask nicely. Make sure to lather that chicken and fries in their delicious homemade rotisserie sauce because it is such a flavourful addition to an already superb meal. You won't find better value anywhere else in Montreal and dare I say, in the entire country for the simple reason that no other restaurant could survive offering such incredible value. This is a must go to restaurant to anyone visiting or living in Montreal.
5	Even an ever-mooching girlfriend couldn't help me finish the cavernous bed of fries on which my amazingly spicy pork lay, and all that for a mere 8 bucks! Go during off-hours when it's quick.
5	Great chicken and fries. (deserts are good as well!)  Huge portions - low price. What else could you want?
5	This is the heaven for budget eating. The most delicious chicken in town + great fries and not to forget amazing salad sauce! Tip: don't fill yourself with the fries at the beginning. Focus on the chicken. If u are not extremely hungry get the quarter + salad and fries. Half would be too much. Enjoy!Tip2: don't forget to have a cup of coffee just across at cafe neve. Espresso will help to digest this food :)
5	Best chicken I've ever had. EVER. It's also an incredible value. It's fairly priced and more than anyone can eat. I wish I lived in Montreal just so I could eat here daily.
5	Went tonight for first time it was amazing i got half chicken combo amazing bun great fries and best chicken ever and great price 7.99 the you get salad will go again asap
4	The line moves quick and the chicken is delicious, perfect, moist, magique. The hot sauce is important. The pieces of meat are quickly cleavered for you as they are taken off the grill when you order so watchout for little bits of bone.  Order in advance to skip the big line and walk right up to the counter on the left hand side. Natas are one of my favourite foods ever so I always grab some of those as well. The staff are funny and at least trilingual, the Portuguese patter keeps the place running and I love seeing the patient smile when the old folks come in.
1	I don't know WTF happened but I can tell you this:1) The chicken is still good, but it wasn't as good as before2) The salad was pathetic and I didn't eat a bite of the limp, nasty wet, water-laden salad3) The fries ruined everything for me -- excessive amount of them, dry, brown, soaked in dirty oil, DISGUSTING4) The natas they used to give as a freebie, are now a hybrid tart custard piece of crap5) The owner and his kids aren't really working much any more which has contributed to its declineKnow what? They're coasting on their name and fame. I'm not going back, except to buy natas once in a while.Not worth it any more to wait in line and then fight for a crappy seat that 50% of the time is not available.
5	okay so, again guilty as charged for only finding out this place from The Layover, but I did do some research and was able to get a TeamBuy coupon for this place.The place is on the corner of a building. I think you just have to listen to your nose and also look for the line of ppl that are going inside. Sometimes there is also a line out the door!This place is pretty much the staple of every Montreal visit including Schwartz Deli. So what you order is the Roast Chicken with fries, extra extra hot sauce, egg tart for dessert & your soda of choice to wash it down. The  chicken is delicious, perfect, moist and all types of description for amazing Portuguese chicken! Dont get me started on the price, for what you get its a great frickin deal! I would probably eat here once a day if I could!LIke what Ryan T said, "Just writing this review makes my mouth water and brings back fond memories of my trip to Montreal." and this is soo true!Trust me on this, Romados is a MUST hit up spot when your in Montreal. Do not leave MTL without trying it!.
4	This restaurant BURNT DOWN recently (January)... I was devastated! They will reopen but didn't announce when...
5	It's worth all the hype !! Cheap, delicious, spicy, it can't get any better than Romados.    I don't know what they put in that spicy sauce they have on their chicken, but god damn is it addictive! Their egg tarts are also excellent but you probably won't have any more space left after you're done with the chicken and huge pile of fries!
5	1 word: delicious!!! The portions are just right & the prices are even better. My bf picked this lil Old Montreal gem & I'm glad he did. He had the 1/2 chicken & I had the 1/4 leg. We had 2 sauce options - he chose spicy & I chose sweet. Amazing!!! Each option came with fries (the sauce was added to that as well) and salad. Both our meal with 2 sparkling pineapple drinks came to a whopping $25!!!!!! I'm rounding up by the way. This place is a MUST when in Old Montreal. Little hole in the wall but absolutely delicious food. Next time we may try the pastries.
5	Nothing to add except to say I love this chicken so much. With rice, the portions are huge so if you're interested in chicken, opt out of the rice. The 1/2 chicken dinner was too much for my SO and I to finish, but worth every second of the walk over and the line
4	Very good price for quality , although the dish is not beautiful and french fries look messy but it IS delicious. Yummy.
5	Easily one of the best cheap meals involving chicken I've ever eaten. There are two lines, one for order and the other was for pre-order. I had to use Google translate to figure that out. My gf and I got there around 7PM and the line up was long but moved steadily, took about 15 minutes to reach the front with around 8 people ahead of us.Ordered the half chicken(spicy) with fries and salad for $9.75. Got to the hotel and opened up the container and was in shock at how much fries there were. The chicken was moist and flavourful and the fries were a bit soggy but pretty good over all. The hot sauce was not spicy but had a nice taste to it.Overall we were very pleased with the meal and would definitely go there again when we get a chance.
5	This place is worth a stop.  We split two 1/2 chicken dinners for two adults and one child and as others note there were fries left over.  I wanted to try their caldo verde soup but they were out by 7:00pm.  The spicy sauce was really quite good not searingly hot but rather piquant.  My 4 y/o went though the mild chicken with a smile.Make sure you look at the pastries before you finish paying.  We almost missed dessert!
5	Famous Portuguese chicken done right.  The spices and sauce give the chicken a distinctive flavor and the fries are also delicious.  There's also some interesting (international) bottled beverages to choose from (whether cola or juices).  This place can get busy and often has a line but I think it's worth it for the rich flavorful chicken for a cheap and quick meal.
5	I don't even live in Montreal and I've been here a dozen times since it re-opened. It still is amazing good, awesome value. I'm sure there have been other reviews of the poutine they serve up these days. But regardless... that is what I had this time around and it was just heaven. Romados chips + 1/4 chicken + gravy made from the spicy sauce = deliciousness. If you haven't gotten it yet go and do that now. Also as a word of caution - the poutine portion is enormous.Always call ahead before coming. It's not like they take your order over the phone and set it aside; it just allows you to rock up in front of everyone and get your order in. Silly system but might as well take use of it.
5	Dropped by here during a lunch a few weeks back.Let's be honest. The chicken in this place is probably the best you'll probably get in Montreal. It's tender, juicy and flavorful and comes with side orders that are equally impressive.I need to visit this place someday soon with friends and experience it all again.The price tag? Completely reasonable and in fact, another attraction to come eat at this fine establishment.The service is about as solid as it gets.If you have never eaten at Romados... why are you depriving yourself such an experience?
3	So I was expecting quite a lot from all the positive reviews I have heard about this place. Finally managed to get here on a quiet Thurs night where we didn't have to wait in line but most tables were still full. I opted for the 1/4 chicken breast and my boyfriend got the 1/2 chicken both with spicy sauce, we also got 2 drinks and 6 custard tarts and it came to about $27 which is reasonable. I was expecting a lot from the chicken and it wasn't up to what I expected as I make Portuguese chicken at home and I have eaten it in Portugal and it doesn't really compare and was a little dry. You also get salad and a lot of chips with it, dip the chips in the spicy sauce to make them taste better. Overall, it is a lot of food so a couple could easily get a half chicken and that would be enough. The Custard tarts were probably the best thing but you don't get any free with your meal anymore but they are still worth a try.Overall, worth a visit for quantity but far from the best chicken I have ever eaten and definitely not worth waiting for a long time in line.
5	So good! This is the best rotisserie chicken I ever had. So so so much better than swiss chalet or KFC or Popeyes. And it's pretty cheap. You can smell the good chicken even from far away. Strongly suggest going there.
5	Oh my god, Romados, you are so damn good. How I have missed you. Went on a Friday night after a little tennis session and the place, as usual, had a line out the door. Lucky for my friend and I, we were smart and remembered my tip #2 from my last review. In case you didn't see/read it, it's call ahead of time. Why? 'Cause then you get to skip to my lou to the line to the right and are out the door in 10 minutes instead of waiting for an hour in longing/hatred of the people skipping the line. We took our orders of 1/2 spicy chicken and fries deliciousness to Jeanne Mance park as the weather was gorgeous and proceeded to chow down. It was heaven - chicken moist and tender as usual and so, so many fries. Almost endless. It always makes me chuckle how they give you a "side" portion of salad...yeah right, if you want vegetables, you are in the wrong place bubba.Anyways, for $9.75, you cannot go wrong. Still one of my favourite places in Montreal.
5	I wish I could give this place more stars. A crowded and small resto, a bit chaotic if you're trying to place an order... The staff is all about business and will put you in your place if you try and cut the line... but the chicken!!! HOLY CHICKEN-NES!!! and the fries!!!! Every bite was better than the last one. It took all my might not to finish my half chicken plate (I stopped myself solely because I wanted to have it for lunch the following day as well).. A MUST TRY!!
4	I never thought I would compliment a 'fast food' joint's chicken this way - juici-cious, tender, flavorful with a mesmerizing chili sauce to die for. This is the place to go for Portuguese chicken in Montreal.The place has gotten quite the following, the never ending line that goes straight out the door right up to closing time is evidence enough. Their chicken entrees, comes in all sizes in multiple of 1/4 with tasty crunchy fries and salad, comes out to be under $10 or an entire chicken for sharing between four people for $24, what a steal. The chicken itself is extremely tender, every string of meat down to the last of breast tastes juicy, no evidence of dryness at all. The sauce was delicious, it reminds me a little of the flavor from China's smelly tofu, slightly spicy and full of flavor. The accompanying portion of fries has an rustic and chewy flavor, resembling the richness of the skin of potato wedges. We inhaled the meal in under a few minutes. If you are at or around Mont Royal, do stop by and grab a meal from this famed place.
5	No visit to Montreal is without a trip to Romados. The line ups are long but definitely worth the wait. Chicken is to die for.... This place has to have the best tasting Portuguese chicken I ever had. Fries are golden and tasty and comes with a Portugese style roll. Drown it down with a sumol and you're good to go.Tip: they have two lines "avec commande" (with order) and "sans commande" (without order) the avec commande line is for folks who has called in for a order and is generally a bit faster. Sans commande line is for folks who did not call in and usually has the longest line ups.
5	Love this place! Not much to add except that until my last visit last week, I had tolerated the fries as a simple accompaniment to the star (the chicken with amazing spicy sauce!), BUT on my last visit, I decided to stray from ordering the usual $9.75 plate of half-chicken/fries/salad. I ordered a full chicken and the fries for 2 people. This time they put the fries separately, in a bag, and this allowed them to be way less soggy. I was able to appreciate their seasoning for the first time this way. Anyway, no matter what, it's a win-win going here! And pick up some sweets from their bakery section while you're there, some natas or the cookies and cream type dessert (called something like Cream from Heaven). Yum!!
4	Yummy chicken! Really good food. I have nothing bad to say about their food. I loved it. I would only say, at least have one person behind the counter, serving food, that speaks english! I don't eat beef and couldn't get anyone there to tell me if the poutine broth had beef in it. It was hell for those few minutes i went back and forth with them. I understand you are in Montreal, and you mainly speak french here, but how can you ignore the fact that it is a big tourism city. And, the international language happens to be english. I wish I could say I was the only one it happened to. It happened to another person as I was paying. Any who. If you eat everything and don't care to find out what else could be in their food outside of chicken, it's a great place. Food is good.
5	One if the most fun stops in our trip to Montreal. This place was a true local experience. Located in the Rachel St. Laurent area, we were trying to decide which Portuguese BBQ place for dinner and we're really glad we decided on this! Unbelievably seasoned rotisserie chicken with piles of amazing fries dumped on top, and a delicious but simple salad on the side. All for about $12 each, and the two of us probably could have split one order. The place was packed and deservedly so. Seating is limited as a warning. But what a nice way to warm up on a cold night than feasting in savory chicken and hot fries.
5	Easily one of my favourite places in Montreal, I find myself coming back here again and again even though I live on the other side of the city. No nonsense, just walk up to the counter, place your order, and walk away with a cut of juicy, flavourful chicken straight off the grill, splashed with piri-piri sauce (they'll always ask if you want it, but the answer should be obvious) and buried under a mountain of deliciously spiced french fries. All for about 10 dollars. What more could you need?Sure enough, it gets very crowded here, with lines often reaching all the way to the door. It always moves quickly, but then there might not be anywhere to sit down!
5	Such an important institution in the Montreal good eats scene, the December 2012 fire generated waves of "Oh my god NO!" amongst its disciples! Fortunately its back....with a vengeance (before it was Romados 2: Romados harder)My first foray here was in 2005, I just moved to the hood and was getting to know the area better. Walking along Rachel, there was that unmistakable smell, that scent of grilled portuguese chicken. (Note line ups here are not just insane, they are UNSANE! Best to order for pick-up ahead of time)Back then there was this tiny adorable Portuguese lady who took your order from the window (a really really tiny window before they renovated). From personal experience and observation, this lady would flirt with every man, young or old. I would order in my bad portugeshe - "Peito du frangu avec fritash et salada" to which she would respond with an impressed "bravu". There were times when i would just order only the chicken, she would ask in a disappointed tone "pas da fritash?, but when no one was looking, would sneak in some fries for me!!!!!She doesn't work there anymore, but the quality of this place is everlast. I do however miss the soccer club scarfs that adorned the walls. Now I am unsure if I should be pro Benfica or Porto or Sporting Lisbon when i enter this place!
5	Best chicken in town! So juicy & tasty.. its fun to go in the summer so you can pick up & go to the park scross the street and hsve a mini piknik , its awesome , its very cheap snd they really spoil you with the french fries.
5	Best portuguese chicken in Montreal. The sauce is just SO GOOD. It's worth it to take it spicy. There is always a long line up, but since they renovated, it's a lot faster and they added seats too. Definitely a place to try if you're visiting the city!
5	Awesome place to get a heaping pile of greasy, delicious chicken and fries. As American tourists, we found the menu (which is mostly pictures) very confusing, but in the end it didn't matter. Go up to the counter and ask for half a chicken. They'll put it in a box with a huge helping of fries and a salad. Throw in a drink for around 14$ Canadian.Once you sit down to eat, you'll have to excavate your chicken from under the fries and it'll be an oh-so-delicious process. The chicken juices and BBQ mingle with the fries and make everything taste that much more delicious.PRO TIP: The first night we went, the place was super crowded and we tried to eat standing up. A helpful local suggested that we take our dinners a block (north)east on Rue Rachel to a neighborhood bar. The bar was next to a bike shop and had absolutely no sign on it, but was a fantastically chill place with a sort of 60's vibe to the decor. Perfect spot to enjoy some beer with our chicken and fries.
4	Pretty much the best Portuguese chicken on the Plateau. Not much else to say.
4	I've been hearing about this spot for a while now.Finally decided to go and try it. We couldn't really find parking so we took our order to go. The place was pack no where to sit, and the line up was bit long. All good signs for me!I wanted a chicken sandwich, but unfortunately  they didn't have any sandwiches left.  We opted for a chicken poutine and a side order of fries.Chicken poutine : Huge portion! Alot of cheese Lord knows I love me some cheese!!!!They could have added more chicken, but I'm not complaining. My friend really enjoyed it , thought it was one of the best he ever had. Personally I tried it and didn't really like it. In my defense I'm not a  big poutine fan. Fries : Well i cant really describe them  much. Plain ol french fries. Our total was 14$ Overall this place was worth going to. I will be going back, in hopes to finally try their sandwiches.  The service was fast and the cooks were super nice. Price wise very cheap, it wont make you go broke.Romados you got a fan!
5	Great chicken, great portion, affordable price. Chicken poutine from here is a boon.
3	3.5 stars. If food was cheap but really heavy so it wouldn't be a place I would come very often.  Service wise, it's food court style. You place order, pay, grab food when it's ready then find a table or take it home.
2	Would give them 1 star but that's not fair as I'm a vegetarian now... So this review is solely based on the fries and service. I ordered a small fry to go and noticed they scooped the fries out of a metal bowl that wasn't even being heated.. The fries were dry and barely warm. I requested gravy but they said they didn't offer it except for with poutine?!?!  But I don't really eat dairy so I just wanted gravy and would pay extra.. Nope they refused to sell me gravy. I only had a few bites as the fries were dry and then when I got home (TMI sorry) I rushed to the bathroom. I guess my system rejected this crap.PS- no A/C during 33 degree weather.Gave an extra star as I'm a vegetarian healthy eater and feel somewhat biased reviewing a fast food joint.
5	Love the chicken! Used to have it every Sunday, Moved from Montreal but every time we come back this is our first stop, bringing home at least 2!
5	I shared the 1/2 chicken and fries + salad with my husband for lunch and it was plenty of food. Humongous pile of delicious food for just $10. You won't find anything this cheap and tasty around here. Highly recommended!
5	Swiss Chalet, step aside.  Kenny Rogers chicken, step aside. This is the best rotisserie chicken you'll have in your life, and paired with the seasoned french fries, this place earns it's consistently high rating. A combo consisting of 1/2 chicken, salad and fries with spicy BBQ sauce (for only $10, extremely reasonable for the quality) is enough to feed two very hungry people. It's cost effective, it's delicious, it's Rotisserie Romados! :)P.S. Don't forget to pick up a Portugal custard tarts in the neighborhood! It's as authentic as it can get in Montreal!
4	Another must-visit on a trip to Montreal. This chicken is absolutely fantastic. The place is small with tables kind of crammed together. Get the chicken and eat it in the park a block away. I am not overly crazy about the enormous serving of fries dumped all over the chicken, but after awhile, they do grow on you.
5	You HAVE to come here. Simply, Portuguese chicken is incredible. Or at least here. Also, they give you a huge amount of fries. They're delicious. BOTTOM LINE:If you're anywhere within a     10 mile radius, come here. I don't care if you have to make a day trip out of it, come here. You won't be disappointed.
4	I went twice in two days with my wife, once for dinner and once for lunch. On both occasions we shared the 1/2 chicken combo, which was filling for the two of us. The chicken was a little dry when we went for dinner but still enjoyable. Great value and great taste.
5	We were directed to this place for quick pick up and go dinner for the family. You walk in then order from the cooks what you want. The cook we spoke with spoke very little English but after a few finger pointing we were good to go. We got 4  chickenbreast combos which came with half a roasted chickenbreast a small salad and a ridiculous amount of fries. I have two teanagers. That was a hit with them. You are asked if you want spicy or regular sauce poured on top. I went for spicy and it was awesome! Not too hot for you novices out there. You move to the right to pay but they should move the cash register to the right of the pastries!  There were some incredible looking deserts that I would have gladly inquired about had my wife not already paid for our meal! I guess I'll just have to come back for desert!
4	I only tried their Portuguese egg tarts here, but that's all i wanted and they were delicious. Perfectly flaky crust and creamy egg tart. I'm coming back here for my egg tart fix next time i'm in town!
3	Saltiest chicken I've ever had. Literally burned just to eat but I had showed up at the end of the day so maybe it was just a bad batch.
4	It is horrid trying to get through traffic in Montreal just to get to Romados, but it was worth the frustration when we finally got our food. Rue Rachel was closed down and St Laurent was packed but we finally found a parking spot and made our way to Romados.The place is pretty small and there was  a LONG line. The line on the left is for people who haven't phoned in an order and the line on the right was for people who had ordered by phone and is coming by for pickup. In my honest opinion, both lines seemed to be going at the same pace. There are also sodas on the side - I recommend the pineapple soda.We ordered the $20 family meal which can easily feed a family of 3-4. A whole chicken chopped up, drenched in sauce, a HUGE bag of poutines, and a box of salad. ALL FOR $20. It is a cheap meal and fed my family of 4 pretty well.The chicken is moist and the sauce goes really well with it. The poutines are AWESOME and are well salt and peppered. The salad has a vinagarette sauce which makes you less guilty for eating something that is so greasy. Overall, a really good meal that is flavorful. There is limited seating and the place gets pretty packed. Most people were taking their food to go.The servers were super friendly. Then again, most of the people that I've met in Montreal are super friendly. Bottom Line: Traveling around Montreal? This is definitely a hole in the wall to try out!
5	My new favorite fastfood joint.I dropped by here with a friend that wanted some good poutine and decided to trust the yelp reviews.I was BLOWN AWAY. 9$ for that huge ass delicious poutine?! Dear god. That was the best chicken I have ever tasted in my life. It was cooked to perfection and the fries were also incredibly good. The gravy seemed spicy but not nearly enough to create discomfort. (to yelpers reading this, I normally can't take spicy.)My friend couldn't even finish her poutine and I was filled for the whole day (rare feat for a 215lbs 6'2 guys).ABSOLUTE.MUST.TRY. They don't have much selection food-wise though but the taste and price make it up by far. Incredible selection of Portuguese drinks and well-priced deserts as well.The only bad thing is that there is no place to sit.  The tables and chairs are practically all squeezed in and it is kind of uncomfortable especially if you're taller.GO HERE.Edit: Still freaking out at how good the damn chicken is. If I wouldn't be 400lbs by the end of the month, I'd eat here everyday. P.S. Everything else on the menu is also well worth it like the half-chicken.
4	Needed a quick, kid-pleasing dinner while we were staying with friends, so we popped out to grab a chicken from Romados. SO GOOD! We live in a very Portuguese neighbourhood in Toronto, so we're no strangers to churrasco, but this stuff was awesome. The piri-piri sauce had me licking the container. We didn't get any sides, since we already had enough at home to make a meal, but I'm sure they're just as tasty.
5	Their chicken is best! But make sure you go before the peak times as the line ups are really long. Reasonably priced as well.
5	Great good and excellent service for the price. Yumm yumm. Always a huge line for dinner!
5	This is absolutely the most amazing chicken that i have had. Their chicken comes with a sauce on top that is to die for and you can even ask them to put it on the fries. The place is a small and mostly catered for takeout, nevetheless, there are some places to sit. Its not a place to go have a nice sit down but if you want the most amazing chicken and best portugese sause to take home or eat fast then this is where you need to go. I have eaten at the best restaurant in montreal and most expensive and this place is one of my favourites!
5	This is a must-go-to for me when visiting Montreal.  It is simple, delicious and very affordable!  As a supreme lover of all things Anthony Bourdain, I discovered this spot on his short lived show, The Lay Over, and boy am I glad I followed his recommendation.  It is absolutely fast food, but incredibly good, well prepared fast food.  The long is line and there is limited indoor seating, but there is a small little park kitty corner across the street where I take my plate and go picnic.  The line moves very quickly and I always get the same dish:  1/2 chicken that comes with a small side salad with a simple Italian dressing and a mound of fries on top of it all.  You can vary the heat of the sauce the chicken is brushed with and I opt for medium that has a good bite.  There is nothing like eating the fries at the bottom of the container soaked in that dwindling chicken sauce, I can hardly do it justice!  The bakery offerings are unusual and fun while still offering all the basics as well.  Even though the chicken is amazing, the fries are my favorite and I keep telling myself I need to try the poutine.  It hasn't happened yet though, I need that sauce on the chicken!
4	Good a bit over hyped but solid chicken nirvana.  Wish they provided more salad rather than cover everything in French fries. Not sure why a dinner roll goes with the meal too many carbs. My total with a vitamin water and $5 of their magic spices with half a chicken was $21 or around $15 without the spices.
2	HM not quite sure if i went on a bad day..but my chicken was SOOOOOO salty and therefore the poutine i ordered was salty as well because they put the same chicken on top. I couldnt finish it. The only thing i would give 5 stars to is their egg custard pies..they were DELICIOUS! i went back later that day just for another.
3	I love this place.  The food is delicious -- the chicken is perfection and the french fries are amazing as well.  I only have one problem -- the sauce is not gluten free!Romados, when are you going to switch your sauce thickener to corn starch or xanthan gum?  All of the gluten intolerant and celiac customers are sad because we know your chicken sauce is delicious!
3	Excellent smell but nothing outstanding. Good portion size.
5	Oh Romados, how much do I adore you so - let me count the ways:Location - Rue Rachel and Rue de Builion in the Plateau-de-Mont-Royal. Yeah, it's a 7 minute walk from the Station Mont-Royal on the Orange line, or the STM 55 (St. Laurent/St. Urbain) bus line.  You got your OPUS card, right?  Good.  Rue Rachel is also bike friendly, so Bixi over.  Service - self service counter.  Wait on the long line for your shot of chicken rotisserie goodness, we are all equals here (unless you call it in for take-away in advance, get ready for the icy stares from lesser men and women, or has the tragic distinction of being a vegetarian...in which case, I pity you).  After you are done, take your chicken-y goodness to the Parc De Mont-Royal, or sit down on the bench outside.  Francine (I think that's her name) would come out once in awhile to greet you and ask you how you are doing in French (I think she is the wife of Fernando, the owner).  Merci beaucoup madame, le poulet est superb (sorry, my middle school French from NYC never really developed beyond this point). It's good to have the wife of the great patriarch of Montreal chicken ask how you are enjoying yourself in their presence.Food - yeah, as if you need to read my reviews to know that they are good.  Look at the satisfaction ratings - it's 90% above 4 stars as of Fall 2014.  Bourdain mentioned it on his travel shows.  It's tops on every list that foodies track for Montreal food.  But just in case you don't pay attention, here are the facts:a) Chicken - juicy tender and flavorful with that smoky flavor, the piri sauce is downright addictiveb) Fries - plentiful, crisp yet soft and savory, salty like the way it should bec) Poutine - see fries.  Now add a healthy (to the cuisine, not to your heart) amount of cheese curds, properly set up so it's not cold, and then add some very warm and spicy chicken gravy on it.  It's Poutine as it was meant to be at the good places - it's pure and well crafted.  No silliness like guacamole, no bell pepper sauce, no hot dogs, no smoked meats like the has-beens at Resto La Banquise.  Just good, crispy soft greasy salty spicy dirty mess.  Like embarrassing good sex that leaves you itchy and sweaty all over.  Yes.  It's that good.d) Sumol - I know it's not an exclusive of theirs, but shots of Sumol should be poured while enjoying their chicken.  It's citrusy, it's effervescent, it's cheap(ish), won't give you a weird buzz like Guarana, and it's not coyingly sweet like those godawful American sodas.  Just do it.e) Pasteis de nata - the quintessential Portuguese custard/egg tarts.  There's a reason why they are ALWAYS sold out by 7p.  It's soft, it's crispy, it's savory, it's better than 90% of the tart practitioners in North America.  Just buy some, and then try the other places in the city (a certain stall in Marche Jean-Talon comes close, just like some of the Chinatown bakeries on Rue De La Gauchetiere, but it's just not quite the same).  You'll see WHY it's better.  Value - $9.50 for a half-chicken meal, served with fries and tasty fresh salad.  Piri piri sauce optional (but highly recommended), or just fine by itself.  I dunno, the last time I ate at a Yelp 4+ stars rated place in MTL I had to fish out at least a Borden (AKA the Canadan Benjamin).  Here I whip out three Macs and got me some loonies and a toonie, that's good for me and the lady, plus we got leftovers good for breakfast the next day.  How about that.  If that's not value for the Canadian dollar, I don't know what is.  So yeah.  If you are in Montreal and just so happens to be in the Plateau, GO.  Pick up a Turkish coffee from Cafe Replika nearby, savor the evening, admire the street murals and await your turn with chicken goodness.
4	Stopped by here for lunch during our Montreal trip. It wasn't too busy on a Tuesday afternoon thankfully so we got our food quickly and found some open seats. Their seating is limited but there is a park nearby so that wouldn't have been a bad idea to take it to go and eat there. We got the half chicken which came with so much fries. The chicken was seasoned so well and the sauce is very good. I thought the half chicken was more than enough to share between two people.
5	Don't let the line up scare you, it moves quicker than it looks. This is hands down the best chicken you'll find in Montreal. The poutine is great, and boy I'm glad they now do delivery. The staff are nice which is surprising considering the volume they deal with. NOTE: Have your order ready by the time you arrive to the front, otherwise the crowd of people behind you might string you up by your toes. It doesn't matter what you order on the menu, you'll love it.
4	always hits the spot
5	Wow, I just popped in here to take a look, and found these Portuguese egg tarts which I haven't had since my trip to Lisbon.  They are great, in Lisbon I was eating 2 or 3 of them a day, I liked them so much!So at this wonderful bakery on Rachel Street I bought two of these lovely Pasteis de nata and ate them for a treat.  They were delicious!  A taste just like I remembered from Portugal!  Obrigado!
3	Though I put 3 stars here, I think 3.5 would be more appropriate. The chicken was tender and tasty, but it wasn't the the most special chicken rotisserie ever. Like it was good, solid, satisfying, delicious, but I'm not sure that another perhaps more obscure restaurant couldn't do the same? Fries were very good, though again not necessarily exceptional? Overall still a solid experience. Portion is very generous so order less or you'll have a ton of leftovers. I think for one person 1/4 chicken is fine, and you can ask for less fries/rice and more salad.
4	Very delicious chicken. They ran out of bread when we were there (...it's a bakery...?) but we got the chicken plate (which came with a massive sub roll on the side so we ended up with sandwiches anyway. Very good food, good value and I would definitely go back.
4	Don't go in here expecting a dining experience. It's pretty much a fast food counter that delivers. Not the fastest as there are tons of tourists that don't know what they are getting, but the line moves. Do yourself a favor and call in your order before hand to save time. The food is excellent! For $11 bucks total, you can have half a chicken and a ton of fries(you can opt out from the salad and get more fries). Everything is seasoned really well and you have wonderful flavor in each bite! The food will definitely hit the spot if you come in hungry. For global customers, this would be one tier higher than Nando's in taste!
4	I came to Romados quite a few times, always leaving satisfied. The chicken meals are packed with flavours. The spicy sauce, the salad dressing, the fries seasoning, everything is perfectly done. However, the chicken itself is a bit too dry for my liking. And the dining room is too small for the number of diners.
3	Not all that impressed here. The food is good but nothing I would come out of my way for. Eats:- whole chicken which is the only reason I would come back. It was juicy from every bite. Skin had great flavor and was cooked just right- French fries.....ehhhh it was ok but I wouldn't order it again- Salad.......just lettuce with some onions and dressing, yes I know it's a salad but I would pay $3.00 for what was given. Dislikes:- employees are not that friendly. I was a bit rushed which I don't like. I also needed to take something to go and took one of the white paper bags located on the counter and the woman behind the counter snatched the bag out of my hands and told me i can't use that bag......some advice it's a bag and if I can't use it for my "to go" things don't leave it out!!!- see top for French fries and salad- limited seating- no soap in the restroom- a little pricey I would not come back.....sorry yelp reviewers I was misled this time.
4	Yay finally got to try Romados.. Really loved it.. Simple portugese chicken per quantity or in a sandwich. Nice big servings. Excellent crispy french fries. And a real feeling of experience and systematic quality to the place. I really loved the food. Simple, but nice and clean. I wouldn't cross down for it, but have found a favorite chicken place in the plateau.
5	This review is for the chicken (I'm a big protein fan). I wish this was in NYC. The chicken was moist, perfect spices, and the hot sauce had a good amount of heat. If you want more heat, ask for more sauce. Surprisingly, the side salad that came with it was perfect to cool off the heat from the hot sauce on the chicken. Fries were good, but I can't say I remember too much about it. Service is fast and the place really seems more for take-out or eat and run. Use your fingers when eating this chicken and eat everything off the bone. I didn't try the pastries, but maybe next time when I return to Montreal. Simple (protein) food, decent price.. I can't find anything wrong with that.
3	Again, over-hyped so I was expecting more. My chicken was dry and the portion was ridiculously big... but I can see why people like it. I prefer Janos for Portuguese chicken.
3	Perhaps this was highly reviewed for the amount of food you get for your dollar.  If I lived by here I'd probably eat here quite a bit, but overall, we were not impressed.  Chicken was fairly dry.Perhaps we came at a bad time, check it out if you're in the area and are looking for a cheap filling meal.
5	This place is awesome.  The chicken is made to perfection and the fries are excellent.  One of the best places to get amazing Portuguese chicken.  The pastries are excellent as well.  Furthermore, this place is not expensive.  I suggest you call ahead of time to order your meal, because you could be faced with waiting in line when you get there, although the line is never a long wait.  Don't forget to ask for an extra helping of their amazing sauce, which can be served spicy or not. This sauce goes well with their fries.  Yummy !!  Definitely a 5 star !!
5	First meal in Montreal was a success!  Ordered a whole chicken and poutine, which was way more than enough for 2 people.  The chicken was very flavorful and moist.  The poutine was similarly delicious. My first poutine so I can't compare to traditional versions (this had chicken, fries, gravy and cheese - what's not to like?).  Loved everything about this meal!
2	Yes, portions and prices are fine and chicken cooked on charcoal enhances flavour- that is assuming the chicken is decent quality. Anyone raving about the chicken at this place has never eaten chicken that hasn't been pumped with hormones and god knows what else. There is a distinct difference between this and organic farm raised chicken. Yes, you get what you pay for but after trying it a number of times and being consistently disappointed about the taste and texture, my friends and I have vowed never to go back. I guess they are able to offer the prices they do due to the sheer volume of mass produced chickens they sell. If only they used a higher quality product...and were still able to maintain the necessary supply and prices. Then again, finding unadulterated food these days is becoming harder and harder and more and more expensive. Enjoy the assembly line chicken.
5	Incredible! Chicken is fantastic. So tasty! Their chicken poutine is absolutely fantastic. Deserts are great too.  Custard pies are excellent. Prices are incredibly reasonable. Everyone should try this place
2	Romados has started doing delivery service and it's not amazing.  I love their food (I wish I could love their sauce, but it has gluten in it) but Romados is really awful if it isn't fresh. My fries came cold with a lukewarm chicken carcass.  Dry and inedible.  Maybe you should stick to in-store or figure out your takeout containers!
1	i dont get why people said its good...its terrible...very plain, super dry, barely enough dip stuff...and the salad? what a joke...what a complete waste of money, more waste of a chicken actually...the worst chicken ive had in my entire life...joke u not, in all seriousness...i was so pissed...anyway, ull find out urself when u go there if u do
5	Update - I returned after 5 years. It's still the same deal: plenty of fries, chicken, and a homeopathic dose of salad. But that's OK. You're not going there if you're vegetarian or on diet.
5	Chicken was amazing. Barely had any fries because they were all eaten by my friends when I finally had a chance to grab a plate. The Natas (sp?) are to die for!!
4	I had their chicken and bifana. Very delicious. They also have many desert items that are worth trying.
