3	Not all 24 Hour Fitness locations are created equal.  Although the Wigwam location is a lot bigger and fancier, the front desk people seemed damn near mentally retarded.  One of them didn't know how to scan my ID card to save his life.  That's why I'm sticking to my location at Silverado/Maryland Parkway.This location is pretty good too.  I've been to quite a few 24 Hours and they all seem to have their own personality/clientele.  This one seems to attract a lot of stripper/ultimate fighter types, of which I'm neither.  Nevertheless, this place has a large selection of cardio equipment/weight machines and free weights.  There's also a large room for kickboxing/yoga classes, not to mention a huge basketball court.  If they mix in a juice bar, like the Balboa location in San Diego, the rating would go up.  The 24 Hour Fitness locations here also need to start up the finger scan entry, rather than having to show my ID card every time.
3	*My Personal Opinion*Just cuz you go to Vegas doesn't mean you shouldn't skip out on your exercise routine!!!! Went here on a Saturday morning, and I was surprised to see a substantial amount of people working out. It wasn't too crowded, but I guess I'm accustomed to Saturday mornings being a bit not crowded. It's a typical 24 hour Sport gym, and it was a nice gym. It was pretty clean, but what I really enjoyed was that the weights were racked correctly. Something that I haven't experienced since the Buena Park Knott location....I'm still bitter about them closing. What was cool was the fact that I went at 9 in the morning, and they were showing cartoons on the tv's and that's always a plus!!! I can see myself going back to this location the next time I'm there. All in all it was a good experience. Maybe next time I'll make in in time for Yoga, but waking that much earlier just sounds like too much work.
2	Not a fan of the 24 Hour Fitness Center.  It's unfortunate that this location being so close to me is one of the worst in overall quality.The machines are all very outdated and although they have a full basketball court; it's not 24 hours just the gym machines.The location lacks any appeal for a weight/powerlifter to your cardio enthusiast.  I would recommend the LVAC down the road, try them both and you'll know where you want to go.
2	Woah. I used to go here. Not so cool. Literally, in the summer it felt like the ac or fans or whatever, was not on. So, it was hot. Yeah, of course you want to sweat when you're working out, but I'm not trying to shed gallons right there on the spot. I actually quit this place because of the immense heat, went to the UNLV gym for a while which was good enough. But now do the LVAC, and am plenty happy.
4	What a nice 24 hour fitness. New equipment and full diverse class schedule. I went on a Saturday morning and even though the club was busy I did not have to wait for any of the machines or equipment that I wanted to use. The small interaction I had with the staff was nice and pleasant. Clean bathrooms, accessible staff, lots of equipment, free weights that were re-racked and easy parking - what more do you need in a gym? Oh, yeah and I found a $5 chip!
3	So this is were I go to get my fitness on..which is not often enough!Its pretty much like all the gyms in Vegas..they dont turn the AC on high enough in the summer & it gets packed around 5pm.I try to go earlier or after dinner and have never had a problem scoring whatever machine I wanted to use.I have taken a few classes here as well and some of the  classes can get pretty crowded. But my fav class is yoga & teacher is Dean..he is amazing.The pool area is always clean and so is the bathroom..or believe me I would complain!
4	This is one of the nicer SPORT 24 hr fitness locations. Iwas here earlier today and it was semi full for an early Saturday morning. I am considering moving to this area and wanted to ck out the gym before I made a move. ck out the areaand its a pretty nice area w/out having to be in summerlin. I've been a mbr of 24 hr fitness since 08 in San Diego North County area. I opened my membership@ the 24 hr fitness headquarters in Carlsbad which was a block over from my employer. I also frequented the brand new location in Vista with had the largest amt of AMT machines which this is the only SPORT location here in LV that I've been to that has AMT's. the only other one I've seen is @ the super sports.  They have a wide variety of timesand different gym classes. I highly recommend this gym over others in the area. i.e. Wigwam, Green Valley, Boulder. Etc.
1	This place is a dump. The equipment is old and crummy. The team members constantly bug you to buy their products (they never approached me but I've seen them do this to other ppl and they always profile the overweight). The only reason I would come here is because this is the only gym closet to my area, and it's still pretty far.
1	I love this gym. its a kinda gym that is usually a super sport in California and not an sport one. huge room with very high ceiling. you can find any kind of machine you want (maybe they should add some abs machines). dumbbell rack is awesome, very long and big dumbbell area and they have 2 sets from each weight. so many cardio machines. a nice basketball court which i am scared to ever go again because the kids who play here are mostly very good. kettelbells available. nice aerobic room. big pool and jacuzzi. steam room and dry room. nice parking availability. so why only 1 star? the personnels suck. I am not talking about the front desk people they are very nice amazing people but i tried to take my friend in for a week pass which i already have had registered at the website and had the printed proof and all but the managers and the sale people were acting messed up. they didn't want to give it to us and when they did finally after 30 min of argument they only gave it to him for 3 days which the website says 7 days pass. the whole time they were trying to sell a memebership and they were so pushy about it. they were not friendly at all and the whole time they were asking weird questions just to find a reason to not give it to us and make him buy a membership.
3	I have been a member of 24 Hour for a couple years now, and while this isn't where I usually work out it is where I originally signed up and I recently went back to take a spin class with a friend. Thinking back about my original visit, the employee that helped me get signed up was nice enough, however after being a member for a few months I realized there were things he failed to mention that day. As far as the actual gym goes, this location is quite a bit larger then the one I go to usually (Boulder Highway). The equipment seems to be newer and more plentiful and the locker room is certainly larger. They also have an indoor pool and a full size basketball court. I missed the friendliness of the desk staff at the other location. Perhaps it is because I arrived during a busy time (right around 5 pm) but multiple people were working when I arrived and I even waited a few minutes so I could ask a question about the class I was taking, but my presence was never acknowledged and I ended up just walking in. The spin class was a great workout, the instructor was friendly and helpful. The class was completely full, as were many of the machines after the class ended. If this was my regular gym I would probably allow a little extra time for my workouts in case I ever had to wait to use something I needed. Overall, a nice gym that I am sure I will be back to. Only thing I could see making it better was a little more staff during peak hours.
4	I've been going to this location for several years now and the main thing that pisses me off about it are the people that go there. I can't really blame the gym for that but it gets frustrating when the machine(s) you're trying to use are always taken.
2	There is so many things wrong with this gym and if there was another one walking distance i would be there. For starters there is absolutely no sense of community at this gym. Nobody says hello when you walk in the door. There's personal trainers walking around all the time bullshitting with each other eating lean cuisines in front of you. I've never once seen someone who works their wipe down or clean a machine. They offer you a free appointment with one of the trainers on your first day which I accepted since I love free. Unfortunately the guy didn't show up, there was no one to cover for him and they never rescheduled. And can someone please turn up the air conditioning in this place. On a better note, I do really enjoy their classes. Ive never seen one completely full which is nice so there is always a good amount of room.
3	I've been going to this 24 Hour Fitness for about 2 years now.  I love going to this gym because it is generally very easy to find a machine or weights to use and everything is usually kept in tip top shape.  The reason I am giving it 3 stars is because of the service and the fact that I have almost been seriously hurt here on 2 occasions.  Both times, one of the treadmills just shut off when I was running pretty fast (7 mph) on them and caused me to nearly fall off.  When I informed the desk staff, they acted like they could care less.  It's a shame because other than that, I'm very pleased with this place....
2	The equipment is average.  About a quarter of the cardio equipement is broken at any given time.  The Men's locker room smells awful and many times the garbage is overflowing with hand towels.  More times than not some of the towels have blood on them. Not a joke.  Gross brah.  No one puts weights back after they use them and I have only seen one person wipe a machine down....ever.  When you go to sign up they def DO NOT want to give you the free trial week.  Lots of pressure for you to just sign up right there on the spot.  Maybe they know that after the free week you'll find out the place is pure garbage?  Now that I think about it when the sales associate gave me the tour he neglected to show me the Men's Locker room.  I wonder why?  Oh yea, all the sinks from 1981, foul smells and bloody towels.  Thatttts why.This is a gym you choose for its general proximity to your house.  You do your workout...you go home.  No frills.  No mercy.
2	Everything is so close together (equipment) and the STAFF IS THE WORST part to this location. Rude, careless attitudes, and horrible listening skills but thats how their fearless leader leads. If it wasn't down the street I'd pay for another gym - like most in Vegas... Customer Service ranks below under performing. The facility is overall simple to navigate with everything being so close to one another. Male lockers are not the cleanest, ; don't walk barefooted!  Group X classes are like many and so far I've encountered positive instructors! Take it for what it's worth.
2	Wish this location was better since it is closest to my house. I have been with 24 hour for 10 years now and this one is the worst Ive ever been to. The equipment is always broken, the staff doesn't care and its overall layout isnt my favorite either. I am honestly considering changing gyms...The only thing keeping me at this point is location and the classes are pretty good. They need to get it together!
5	I LOVE this club location. They have the best class schedule, the best instructors, the best trainers and the friendliest staff. Sometimes I go to other locations - but none have met the bar that this location sets!!!
3	I'm a bit disappointed some machines have been broken for months.  There isn't an overabundance of broken machines, but it's still annoying to see signs on them for weeks and weeks at a time.I signed up about a year ago.  The staff wasn't overly pushy.  In fact I tried the old "I wish this offer was better, I'm gonna go home and think about it" act a couple times.  Both times they let me out the door without pressuring me.The big positive is that it doesn't get too crowded.  Or at least not when I go (weekday early mornings).  I've tried out LVAC and just can't stand how crowded it gets over there.
1	Do not go to this location!  I can back the other review about NASTY BATHROOMS!  Having said that, I don't think that it was blood....looked like much worse to me.  There are some very nice staff here and some I could do without.  At this location, if you don't have a personal trainer you don't matter. One of the staff members had his dog here and it made a mess which was disgusting. When I said something, they just laughed.  If you want to go to a gym and use equipment a dog slobbered all over then this is your location.   Can someone say, health department?
4	I use to go to this gym between 4-6 times per week, but moved. Read some of the reviews and it's par to my experience. Some days it's clean and some times it isn't. Yes, usually at least two cardio machines are broke, but there's plenty to jump on. Pretty busy on the typical days (ie Saturdays, Monday and Tuesday). At least in this gym, people rack their weights. Pros:-Plenty of cardio equipment-Not busy at night-StaffCons:-Only one power rack and smith machine.-Not enough free weights-Too many machines
4	Great local spot to go and work off some of those calories picked up at the amazing food spots in Las Vegas.Great cardio equipment. Decent selection of weights.  Friendly staff.  And even a decent selection of supplements and workout gear.Great gym.
4	Love my gym!!! Working out!!!
4	This gym is a great gym. I have other gym memberships else where but I must say i love this gym. I have been a member since 2001 12 years now. The staff is friendly, cleanliness is a 4 star and they have all the equipment you need for a good workout.I must say the fitness classes they have availble has gotten less through these tough economic times. They hae two week passes you can try if your curious about the gym..They also have a kids club if you wanted to bring your child.At this specific location they have sauna and a swimming pool.Overall experience i give it a 4 star.
4	Great classes and instructors. Relatively clean and the kids club is great. Someone is always there to answer questions and they greet you with a smile when checking in.
4	my home away from home!the staff here is great from the trainers to the front desk people! the gym is in good shape considering it's been around for years. They continue to improve the gym. Recently they have added three new workout areas for members. There is a TRX set up and lots of free weights. tons of cardio equipment means even at peak times you'll be able to get on something, and during slower times you can have the pick of the litter.I am a big fan of the classes here, too. Spin on Friday 8am is my favorite! Athletic Training in the basketball courts on Wednesday is rocking as well! Whatever, your level of fitness you will find something here to challenge you!now get off your computer and go workout!!
4	I only come here on the days I'm not with my trainer to do cardio & abs. The machines are well kept & Svetlana is my favorite instructor.
4	I have been to 3 locations in Henderson and this and the Agassi Sport are the best two locations.
4	My favorite place to swim among all the locations. The 3 lane lap pool is usually not busy that you have to share with someone (fyi mornings are busier). The hot tub is nice and warm and I like to do a bit of stretching there before I swim. After I swim, I rinse off and go to the sauna to dry off a bit. Sometimes the steam room and sauna act up and are not hot enough, but there is always at least one working fine.
4	The only reason I'm no longer a member of this gym is that I moved out of Vegas and to a place where there isn't a 24 Hour Fitness. I wish there was; I loved this gym.It was convenient to go to- literally down the street from my apartment. I used the AMT machines, lifted weights, and LOVED the steam room. I always went after work and it was usually not so packed that I couldn't get a cardio machine. I took a Zumba class once and it was a lot of fun. I think it's true of any gym that they're sort of gross- I mean, you purposely go there to sweat...so do other people. It just happens. I was never grossed out by the equipment (I'm a clean freak and for the first week or two I brought in my own disinfecting wipes but slowly stopped bringing them as I didn't feel I needed them). I loved when there was space to go at the front and stretch that was sort of private- I often feel like a beached whale when stretching and when the space to do so was more out in the open, I felt like people would be watching me....meaning I stretched less and that wasn't good.Most of the staff are friendly, and didn't give me patronizing looks like I've gotten at other gyms. I got encouragement from them like "that was a long workout!" and a few noticed when I didn't come in for a few days. I felt like I was accountable to them and that's above and beyond their job for sure! One or two times, there was an issue of small children hanging out in the women's locker room; their dad was playing basketball and the kid's camp thing was closed. The staff immediately addressed the issue and went to get the kids and took them to their dad. I only saw it happen twice; they either talked to the guy or threw him out, I'm not sure. I wish I had a gym like this in PA, I miss it!
5	Best gym ever. Very friendly staff. Classes are great and fun. Love outside boot camp. Personal trainers are awsome especially Andrew. Always in a great mood , if lost alot of weight and inches training with him. He also has the best spin class on thur. At 9:00 am.
3	This is a nice gym. I like the energy here, fast paced young crowd. Convenient location when I visit my relatives. The staff is courteous and friendly. The only reason why I'm giving this place 3 stars is due to the housekeeping. The showers are not clean and the same goes for the sauna & steam room. Clean showers are a big deal to me.
2	I have been a member of  24 hour fitness for the last four years and this Gym on Maryland Parkway is the worst gym of the several I have attended.  There are Spin bikes that have sat broken in the Spin class room for several months not fixed, the collection continues to grow.  There will soon be more broken bikes then working ones!!!The Manager Heather never returns phone calls or emails and staff is not very helpful.  They do have two outstanding spin instructors that teach Monday and Wednesday mornings.  The Weight equipment is in good shape and thre locker rooms are clean and neat!Weak Manager, weak staff and poor equipment will lead to this gym going down!
1	The Christmas Holiday is over!  Went to the gym this morning to work out at 5:30am and the gym was closed!
1	I have Been going here off and on for almost 3 years now. When I first moved to the area it was actually a nice gym. IT HAS SERIOUSLY WENT DOWNHILL. I was here about 2 months ago and it was just the nastiest filthiest place I have been to, a lot of the equipment is broken and the bathroom/ locker room rivals some of the worst public restrooms I have been in. The pool i had seen it cleaner in the past, i usually enjoy the hot tub but it had so much chemical in it that it was burning my eyes. I agree with some of the others that the staff is not really attentive. But I attribute this to bad management overall. Step up your game and make people understand what you expect of them as employees!!!! If they don't do what you ask of them then grow some balls and fire them!!!  There are a lot of people that need jobs these days. I really hope this place gets better because I live less than 1 mile from it. To management : I will adjust my review when I feel you deserve more than 1 star. SO STEP UP YOUR GAME SP I CAN COME BACK TO MY GYM!!
5	Worked out with a crazy co worker. Had a great time. It gets crowed in the morning, then around 1030am it dies down until 4pm.
5	I've started to balance my fitness routine with machine weights so this review is based on the machine weights. This gym has a mixture of the old and new equipment. The old machines are still in ok condition and it gets the job done. But the new machines are nice...  with how they are built now, there is a hydraulic-like movement that moves your body to an optimal  position, which puts a stronger focus on targeted muscle group. Depending on the machine, it  feels like there is less stress on other parts of your body, such as the lower back. And! they have a machine just for the lower back. I have lots of back, neck, and shoulder tension from work so this machine is awesome to build strength in my lower back.
2	The men's locker room needs a lot of attention. Some machines don't work properly.
1	I my wife, nephew and nephews wife are all members here. While it's now cost palatable due to my membership with Costco @ $14/month, it doesn't make up for the machines that do not work. Almost all treadmills are broken, out of calibration, heart monitors don't work OR they're soaked with sweat from the last 25 runners who are so lazy they cannot wipe down their machine...but I digress. Paper towels left day to day, same spot, water bottles the same, and the same sweat, drip, filth spots month after month. Yecchhh. Anyway, I remain a member, though disappointing as hell. The staff are generally nice-true. They do nothing to monitor the cleanliness, paper towel dispensers, etc. They do (all three of them) at the desk in unison welcome you in and going. The manager is oblivious. When I showed her the paper towel, she said, "where, show me." The next day a bottle was in a different machine, and remained there over night until I returned the next day. Go get'em girl!! Anyway, lots of machine options, but the place is WORN OUT!!!! Careful on the treadmills...the belts are so lose I almost twisted my knee on the damn thing....
4	I have been spending a lot of time in the South West lately, and this is the gym that I go to when I'm there.This is a straight forward, come in get your work done, no nonsense gym.  Just like any other 24 Hour Fitness, you check in at the counter with a 10 digit pass-code followed by a finger print scan.  Soon there will be a retina scan to assure that no one will be using your $20 a month membership.  A walk through the gym to get to the locker room, then off to the gym itself.  I have only been able to focus on legs lately because I tweaked my shoulder.  So, Squats 4 days a week it is.  My only problem is, there is only 2 squat racks.  So, if you're not there at an off time you could be waiting for a while.  I also like the layout of this gym.  There are separate areas for stretching and warming up, as well as a trainers area.  And a couple of water fountains for those who forget to bring in their sippy cups.  So, this is a great alternative to my usual gym.
5	Love working out at this gym... It isn't a social event like working out at lvac. Get in there knock out the work out and leave. Love the pool the basketball court and the exercise room. All in one gym can't beat it.
4	I live all the way across town, so its quite a dive to get here, but i come for Anna's Zumba class.  It's amazing!!  She leads a fun class that is very athletic.  You are guaranteed to sweat!  The facility itself is on the smaller end.  The men's showers are tiny cubicles without hooks or shelves to put a shower bag or shampoo or anything.  (There are hooks for towels right outside the shower stalls, though).  The equipment is nice, and it has a good atmosphere.
1	I've worked out at many gym but by no means am I an expert.  I am a retired vet with a combat related spinal injury. To keep my pain from taking over my life I need to exercise twice a day.  So I've had my share of gyms. However, I like everyone else have a general sense when we see something that is not right. I am from out of town, visiting a friend for his daughters wedding.  Needing to workout I came to this 24hr Fitness and wanted to purchase a one day pass.  The staff then told me that it cost $25 to workout !!!!  This was outrageous, way too much money to pay.  To me that a considerable amount of money to pay just for one workout.   I was willing to $10-$15, maybe even $20 but not $25. I am 100% dissatisfied with my very short experience with 24hr Fitness.
3	Just like almost all 24hr gyms, this place needs a solid cleaning. Some of the benches are in pretty bad shape as well. The men's room doesn't look like it's ever been moped.
1	Worked out on the treadmill today and a person started sweating and wiping his sweat all over the controls of the treadmill. Have some respect to others man.
3	Basic 24 gym and it is the closest one to me. It just does the job. Sometimes it can get too busy/crowded.
3	The machines are a little outdated and the basketball court gets kind of packed,but you rarely have to fight to use the weights and this gym is perfect for everyone in the Silverado Ranch area (LVAC is too far and frankly,too packed). Excellent training staff on board,if you ever thought about getting personal training done,ask for either Jacqueline - the fitness manager - or my trainer,Lauren. Won't be disappointed.
2	Like anything else in life, you get what you pay for.  This gym is dirty. The equipment is old and often broken.  The bathrooms are disgusting. While helpful, the staff does little to ameliorate things. Their hands are tied. I'd quit tomorrow if I lived near a better gym.
3	Not a bad gym.. equipment is a little weathered but it gets the job done. Place can get get a little crowded in the mornings but the turn around for the machines and free weights is fairly quick. I really find it therapeutic to throw the headphones on and let loose. All-n-all this location can use a little more love on its machines but it's definitely not keeping me from getting mine in!
4	I recently worked out at 24 hr fitness ,staff friendly , machines clean , people  are nice . I really like this place and so does my boyfriend not to crowded and a good price . If you like smaller gyms check it out .
3	Nice staff cool people that work there. The equipment is weathered and the shower area way to small and not all the showers work. Great steam room and pool. I have gone in at various hours and have never had a wait. Even a peak hours. Just wish they'd work on the showers. That area needs a lot of help. Oh and fix the towel racks that shouldn't take much. They need a good maintenance staff for sure. Otherwise nice set up.
3	Every time we go to our Vegas house, I use this 24 since it's the closest. The front desk employee's are always great, they never fail to greet me walking in and they always wish me a good day as I am leaving. I like that they have all the equipment that I use for my exercises. The reason why i give it a 3 is because their Precor Elliptical machines aggravate me! I can't believe they still have those piece of crap machines, they are so outdated and I find myself jumping from 1 elliptical to the next because most of them are broken in some way. Most of the time the resistance controls don't work. I wish they would just get rid of those and put new ones in. The elliptical is a big part of my work out, it's what gets my heart rate going.
1	This location is pretty terrible.  Most of the machines are very old LifeFitness models. The elliptical trainers do mot adjust incline.  The facility seems clean but the machines have dirt build up. There is also a pretty gnarly smell in the air, they need to work on air circulation...I'll be finding a different location from now on...
3	I've been checking out the gym with my 7 day pass. Today I asked about the different packages, I'm looking for something similar to LVAC where you can bring someone 3x out of the month. Unfortunately they do not have anything like that. That is one thing that LVAC has on them, your able to basically add things on to your package. Other than that I have enjoyed the gym, I want to visit another location as this one is a little small.
1	Just moved to vegas and I was told I could come in and get a guest pass to try out the gym to decide if I want to join or not. I just got an lvac pass and wanted to compare the two. They were extremely rude and didnt make it an easy process at all. Had me standing up front for 15min before anyone would even help me. They wanted to charge me $25 for a 3 day pass! Horrible customer service. I ended up leaving and wasted 30min of my time. I used to have a 24hr pass in cali and loved it but considering this is the closest 24hr to my house and they were so horrible....I will not be returning. Ill just stick with lvac. Waaaay better gym, customer service and prices :)
1	Gym is very rundown, machines are dusty doesn't seem like they ever clean it, bathroom smells a little funky,  like their sewer pipes has issues... the female staff working the front desk are friendly,  however the guys dont greet you because they're to busy hanging out with their friends. I also notice that the guys are always letting their friends in without signing in, assuming they even have a membership.  Even more annoying they let them dribble a basketball all around the gym..They also raised my membership,  no reason given, obviously the money is not going back into the gym. Highly considering moving back to LVAC, only thing holding me back is, this location is behind my home
1	Poor excuse for a 24 hour fitness club.  Equipment broken for weeks / months on end .  6 stationary bikes 1 that has audio access constant staff turnover and sub standard cleanliness .... Other than that not bad ..
5	this is one of the best places to workout
1	Gave up membership today. Unsanitary bathrooms with overfilled garbage cans almost always. All the locations are substandard in their bathrooms. Some equipment is most of the time in some sort of service for long periods of time. Maybe lifetime fitness will raise the bar in that regards. Their Az locations are very clean. Ventilation systems are weak as well. Either get a home gym or find a better spot.
4	Great location!  Very clean.  Some of the equipment is a little old, but it still works so no problem there.  Also lots of different types of equipment.  I'm very happy!
4	Love the people and staff. Equipment works great for people serious about working out. Favorite!
4	I really love working at at this gym for it's layout and it's environment. I really love how it's a spacious club. All the areas where you can participate in weight training are very spacious and you won't feel like you don't have enough room to walk around and breathe. This isn't the same crowd of people that you may see at LVAC, so people tend to be there to put in work more-so than to just put on a beauty contest. I definitely would give this club a try if you live in the area or are in the area and need a gym to stop by at.
3	I was a member here for 18 months before moving out of the area. For $29/month unlimited 24/7 I guess I really cannot complain. It was closer to my apartment than any other gym. Weekend mornings the place is packed but other times there is plenty of cardio equipment. Also plenty of weight lifting equipment.A few complaints...1. The machines are old and run down. Some of the audio ports do not work. I have seen out of service tags on the same machine for months.2. Bathrooms are FILTHY. They also stink. They are ALWAYS 100% of the time out of paper towels and the used paper towels are pouring out of the trash all over the floor. The toilets are just disgusting; I once saw a log on the toilet seat.3. In several parts of the gym there is 3" of dust on things.Staff is always nice and attentive.
2	Like working out here with all it offers.....steam sauna pool jacuzzi classes and weight equip.   BUT Owners please steam clean bathrooms and fix broken worn out equip!
