4	Friendly staff, fast service, fair prices make this fast food burrito bar a winner in my book.  When you walk up to the counter you can watch them making fresh tortillas.  They don't use microwaves or freezers.  Lots of tedious, hand preparation goes on here with large bins of fresh avocados, tomatoes and limes visible to the customer.  I'm not sure where how they came up with the name Cafe Rio as to me it appears to fall in the Tex-Mex category.  Pork barbacoa is terrific as are the tamales.
4	Food was great and affordable.  I recommend the pork barbacoa which had a sweet tangy bbq flavor.
4	Not bad.  The format's pretty similar to Chipotle where you go up and order and pay at the register at the end.  The prices are a bit higher, but the food tastes better.  The chicken salad was huge.  The tortillas are freshly made.  The place is clean and spacious.  The employees are friendly too.
4	Cafe Rio is great. They offer fresh produce with their food at a great price. Their Barbacoa (pork) is quite tasty and great in the tostada.
3	This place isn't bad at all. It's fairly new in the neighborhood and actually checked it out by accident considering the restaurant I wanted to go to around the corner was way overpriced. I'm glad I stopped by to check it out! The menu was fairly reasonable, and yea, it did remind me of Chipotle, except, I think this place has larger burritos than Chipotle! The staff was friendly, and fast. They put our burritos in this oven conveyor belt that thoroughly melted the cheese and baked our burritos. I would definitely come back again.
5	yum yum yumthe tostadas are SOOOO YUMMMY!i want to try other things but every time i go there i end up getting the same! so good!
5	They have huge delish salads.  They are just amazing!  And, they are nothing at all like Chipotle, they are miles better!  I just wish they had churros :]  yum!Anyways, I only go there and eat the salads.  Like i said, they are huge.  They take a hand made flour tortilla, and put it at the bottom, and then stack beans, meat (optional), lettuce, pico, guac, cilantro, and cheese.  I usually eat it with the cilantro ranch (at least i think its cilantro), and its delish, and super filling.  In fact, the salad is big enough for 2 people to split.   I do love this place!
4	They have big portions and everything was fresh.  Salads looked really good. In comparison, Cafe Rio was similar to Chipotle but much better.Anyway, I had the burrito and it was great.  It was an easy four stars.  The only thing holding back a five star rating was them being stingy with the meat. For eight bucks put on a little more meat.
4	Love this place. It's one of the best fast food places around. It is a little pricey but the food is good, especially the coconut shrimp tacos. The chips and queso are addictive. All the portions are big. This place beats Chipotle hands down.
5	Love their salads.  I generally don't order salads at restaurants, but these are so delicious I crave them often.
4	Gotta agree with Tony B. here... the taco salads are freaking awesome. I tried this place for the first time last night and it was quite crowded (a good sign!). Seemed nearly everyone was getting the taco salads. Just so you know, this is no ordinary salad. Additionally, this is by all means NOT a healthy salad. You cannot delude yourself into thinking you are sticking to your diet at all if you order this. Despite the hefty calorie count, it's so yummy!!!It starts with a huge homemade tortilla that has cheese melted on it. Yes, I said a tortilla with cheese is how your freaking salad starts. YUM. They pile it with your choice of pork , chicken or beef (I got chicken, fiance got pork.. both were excellent). They also serve it with rice, beans, romaine lettuce, 2 kinds of cheese, guacamole and tortilla crispy strips on top. I could barely finish half of this massive feast, but the half I did eat was quite delicious. Salad prices average ~$8 depending on what meat you pick.
5	The salads are what makes this a MUST for my wife and I. Fresh as it can be, they make everything right in front of you however you want it. They even make the tortillas fresh in the restaurant, straight from little dough balls! Both my wife and I order the salads without the rice and beans (neither one of us can really finish the salads otherwise, which is saying quite a lot about portion size here since I RARELY am unable to clear my plate, oink oink), I get the pork and she gets the steak with extra pico on top. They give you a choice of two dressings to choose from but we've found that the best choice is to get a bit of each and mix them together, they complement each other wonderfully! No need to get chips and salsa if you are ordering a salad for yourself, this meal will fill you nicely!Now, if you really aren't craving a salad from here (tsk tsk), then the burritos are pretty damn good as well. I tried one the other day just for the sake of it and i was rather impressed with it. Very filling and it held together nicely, though I did have to eat it with a fork and knife due to size (not complaining though!). I have yet to try the coconut shrimp tacos though, they are a special on tuesdays and I just can't seem to get there those days!! Grrrrr...
4	Food is great, service is so so, and prices are a little high.
4	I read the reviews and suspected Cafe Rio was the  new Cafe Caubo which closed down a few years ago. I was right, so for all  of you who knew and loved Cafe Caubo you can find their amazing salads etc. again at Cafe Rio.
1	This place is disgusting! I am surprised at all of these reviews...and the crazy long line and good reviews were "false advertising" for me.  We waited a while after struggling for parking on Friday night, and I had high expectations.  I got enchiladas with chile beef and tomatillo sauce with rice and black beans.  ...when the kid came around to ask how our meal was, the poor guy was not expecting to listen to a real answer I am sure....but he learned that I had both a hair in my food AND a clump of salt dumped into my enchiladas.  His offer: queso for my pain (no refund or free meal coupon).  I turned him down...after all, I lost my appetite and certainly won't be back.Here is the deal - Just like Law and Order, THE ORIGINAL is the BEST...Chipotle cannot be topped...
3	I got the taco salad. It wasn't too bad. The barbacoa is a bit too sweet. Chicken is pretty good. The taco salad is huge! Guacomole was a bit sour, I can do without it. They're pretty fast with the orders. Not to shabby. Chips are good.
4	We were in a hurry and came here for lunch because we wanted something quick. The line was pretty long, but it went really fast. You can see them making fresh tortillas as you get up to the counter.I got a fire grilled steak burrito and it was huge! They make it as you are up there. You can also get your burrito enchilada style, with sauce and cheese over it, which seemed to be very popular. They put the food in an aluminum tin, so if you can't finish, you just grab a cover to put over it and take it to go for later. For a Mexican fast food place, the food was pretty good. Next time I go back I'll have to try one of their taco salads.
1	Disgusting!!!!!!Honestly, who makes SWEET cheese enchiladas?  I took three bites and threw the rest away.  Authentic?  I think not.  I will keep searching for the best mexican food in town until I find it...
5	The sweet pork salad is my guilty pleasure!  I ask for the whole wheat tortilla with black beans.  I love to get it to go and come home and enjoy with a great movie or TV show.
5	Just came here yesterday for the first time ever. Hard to find a parking space at lunch time and crowded as hell inside. Got the last table.Had a pork barbacoa burrito, "enchilada style." The pork was a little too sweet, but the fresh home made tortilla was amazing and made up for it. Their fresh hot salsa required no additional Tapatillo. Huge selection of sodas and ice teas. Sort of a Tex-mex flair, but pretty much "sit down quality" mexican food at a walk-up price. If these chains evolved from Rubio's to Baja Fresh to Chiplotle, there is now a new champion, and its name is Cafe Rio. Fortunately there's one somewhat close to me in Manhattan Beach, but everyone knows that you can't get there from RPV :(
5	Simply amazing, visiting from NM and a friend suggested the Cafe Rio, at first I was a bit skeptical but WOW!Staff were a bit frantic and unorganized but the food made up for it!
4	So I've actually been to five Cafe Rio locations. Let's be honest. It's a chain. But it's so good! Actually, since I'm being honest, I'm really only reviewing this location because I want to add it to one of my lists.This Cafe Rio is the closest one to my job and is my location of choice when I feel like some great Mexican food during lunch time. Is it authentic Mexican food? I don't know anymore. Who cares? It's delicious! I usually get a burrito with enchilada sauce. I always walk out full and satisfied.
3	Ate here today, b/c it seemed like a real popping spot full of people when we actually ate next door the previous day. It was a little disappointing. I guess I ordered the most popular burrito, the Sweet Pork Barbacoa which don't get me wrong, it was good, but it wasn't as impactful to me. I ordered the burrito, with sweet pork, enchilada style with green sauce in and out, the presentation was good, price was roughly like 8$ I think, pretty standard, but I got the feeling that the sweet pork was a little TOO sweet as I couldn't get to finish the burrito b/c I got kind of tired of the sweetness? I hope you can understand what I'm saying. I was impressed that they have like a crap load of hot sauces mounted on the wall to choose from, but I tried using some with the sweet pork and the tastes just don't mesh well together. So i'd just skip it. This place was alright, but if I'm going out to Vegas I've got better options to hit up...
4	A vendor brought us lunch at work today from Cafe Rio at the South Eastern location. I had the rice and black bean burrito. The portion was huge and it was really really good! I planned on eating half of it, which all of the burrito ended up in my tummy. Everyone also said that their food was really good which was all types of salads, cheese quesadilla, sweet roasted pork burritos and etc....I can't wait to try their catering service and actually going to the venue.
5	Food and service are always good. Fresh tortillas, it doesn't get any better. There is a reason its always busy..Their carnitas are always a good bet.
5	Cafe Rio is one of the few mid-price lunch places that's worth a  20 + minute drive. I'm not much of a veggie eater, but I could eat their salad every stinkin' day (the cilantro lime vinaigrette is like nectar from heaven).  When I'm feeling like I can spare the calories I go for the enchiladas, either chicken or the sweet pork barbacoa. Ask for extra cheese and everyone behind the counter explodes in praise, "extra cheese!" Hot, sweet, cheesy and drenched in red sauce, they are always gone so soon from the old-style foil tin they are served in.But a highlight, of course, is the handmade flour tortillas. So tender and almost flakey. How do they do it? What evil pact has Cafe Rio made to be blessed with such good food? We may never know, but in the meantime, go early and often.
5	Living a matter of Minutes from this place and hearing so many good things has had me curious for Oh so long. Finally it was a hot evening and we had somehow switch the air off and the house was boiling so there was no way we were going to turn on the stove so we headed out to Cafe Rio... For some odd reason I was like a Giddy little kid who had been told all about Disney land all winter and finally summer had come! I was Ready to get my Pork Barbacoa Ears........ Yep I said it! I ended up ordering the pork barbacoa Nachos, these things were nothing less than huge and delicious. While I was ordering mine they through together a free kids quesadilla meal for my daughter...  I have to say, I personally feel like the hype of this place is justified and the food was excellent. For those hot nights when you do not want to turn the oven on this is definitely a place worth checking out!
3	I love food, but I know how to differentiate between authentic and Americanized version of Mexican food.  I enjoy visiting Cafe Rio for their homemade tortillas, freshly out of their oven and their salads. Guacamole is pretty good, but not fond of their Pork Barbacoa- too sweet for my taste and I'm more used to the authentic version of Pork Barbacoa without the sweetness in flavor.  Hey, if you like the Americanized version of Mexican food, this is your place!  I guess I have visited Mexico too many times to really know what's authentic!
2	Not so great. I had higher expectations for this place. The food is overpriced, a burrito for almost $10! Their menu is a bit misleading, saying a burrito comes enchilada style, but then they charge you an extra dollar for it. Not very friendly to newcomers either. You have to know exactly what you want and if you ask them to repeat what they asked you, they scream louder instead of enunciating more clearly. I will give them that their portions were large and their queso is very good, but overall it was a disappointing experience.
4	Along with a restaurant in Puerto Vallarta called  Pipi's (http://www.pipis.com.mx/), Cafe Rio has the best guacamole I have ever tasted. Super fresh and absolutely delicious. We also loved watching the tortillas being made freshly before our eyes. Please come to Seattle, Cafe Rio! You have the most authentic Mexican food I've had from a chain restaurant.
5	I have been wanting to Yelp about this place for a long time! This small Mexican fast food restaurant gives you the quality of a gourmet Mexican restaurant for the price of fast food. Their daily specials are always very very good. When not getting the daily special (my favorite is the Chile Relleno's), I usually get the Pork Salad with extra meat. The staff are all required to yell out EXTRA MEAT or EXTRA CHEESE when a customer orders them. Lol. Btw their burrito's are huge!
4	Pork Barbacoa salad, my hands down favorite with burrito a close second. Only down side is the acoustics, it's a loud place especially with all the screaming kids.
4	Went for lunch today and this place was slammed! The line to order was almost out the door. What a great sign to see coming to a restaurant for your first time. I ended up ordering the the Pork Barbacoa Burritto Enchilda style w/ guacomole. It was GIGANTIC!  The taste of my burrito was amazing sweet smokey and spicy! I will definitely be back to try some other dishs here.
4	My goodness do I love Cafe Rio.  At first glance, this seems like another Chipotle rip off, with the open kitchen and the choose-your-ingredient line.  Under the veneer, though, is an amazingly good-tasting restaurant!  The first thing that impressed me was the tortilla making.  Their tortillas start out as dough balls, and are pulled and flattened by hand before being cooked on a rotating metal plate.  They're thick and delicious, and even on their own ($.95), they're really really good.  Secondly, the meat is very flavorful.  My personal favorite is the pork barbacoa, which is lightly sweet.  I could go on and on about the salads, the chile relleno, tacos, but really, my favorite order is a burrito with pork barbacoa and pinto beans ($6.95), mild sauce and cilantro, enchilada style ($.95, meaning it's got sauce on top, topped with cheese, and lightly baked), with extra pico-de-gallo.  Good enough for two people, under $10.  Another interesting thing is that they have a wide selection of drinks and hot sauces.  It's the only place I know of that has Vanilla Coke *and* Cherry Coke.  They have three different kinds of tea, of which my favorite is the herbal hibiscus, and their mango drink is quite good, too.  They have tabasco, jalapeno tabasco, Tapatio, Cholula, and at least three more different kinds of hot sauces in bottles that I hadn't even heard of.  I have not had any of the desserts, but I have no doubt they're just good and high in quality as the rest of the menu.  Pretty great place to get a cheap meal!  I'm never going to Chipotle, Zaba's, or Qdoba again, Cafe Rio is just that much better.
5	Saturday morning after a bender cure.
5	This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER. The ingredients are fresher and pack way more flavor. They make everything in front of you, so you can get it exactly the way you want it. The tortillas are even better too!!My favorite: The sweet pork barbacoa salad! AMAZING! It's a pulled pork  that's marinated in this sweet tangy BBQ sauce that is really different from your normal mexican spices or even your southern BBQ flavors. YUM! And my favorite part: they pile the salad high. My recommendation is to get the vinegrette dressing which is basically clianto and lime. Absolutely perfect!
3	Good for what it is.  Consistent and fast service.  Not traditional mexican almost a sweet taste to most items but works in a way.
5	Amazing Pork salad!!! I could eat this meal everyday.  Come to Seattle please!!!!
5	This place is amazing...you can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  The chicken and steak are both good, but you have to get the pork barbacoa...its the best!  Sweet taste to it and its undescribable...you'll thank me later!!! :)All the meat can be either in a salad, burrito, or taco entree.  Like I said, you can't go wrong with either of those and the hand made tortilla's just make it that much better!Great place to eat, I'm a big fan...every city I travel to I try to find a cafe rio.  Finish your meal off with the coconut flan...to die for!Enjoy because I know I am!
4	The food is great, especially the pork barbacoa salad. Everything is fresh and the tortillas are incredible. The restaurant decor is fun. HOWEVER, going there any day around lunch time is loud and if you want to hear the person you are with...good luck. Every time I have been there (at least 10), there are always groups of screaming kids, and the moms just seem to let them run around. What can I say...the food is good...I now get it to go.
5	I probably go to this place too much!  But it's sooooo good!  The tortillas are wonderul!  Everything I've ever had there is delicious!  When I first started going there I was hooked on their quesadillas....now I'm loving their tostadas!  If you like their salads, you'll like the tostadas too.  They are really similar, only the tostada doesn't have the tortilla shell as the salad bowl.  Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  The meats there are so tender and flavorful.  And their guacamole is really, really good!  The same can be said of their chips and salsa, queso dip and pretty much everything else.  Tasty all the way around!
5	Can't even begin to describe how crazy-awesome this place is! It should seriously be considered a controlled substance, cuz I'm completely addicted. The sweet pork (barbacoa) salad is what I would order for a last meal. The tortillas are melt-in-your-mouth fantastic, always freshly cooked & warm. I'm not trying to exaggerate...it's really that yummy. When dieting, I go for the grilled salmon salad or the grilled mahi salad...both great options (sans the tortilla, with a very heavy heart). It doesn't taste like diet food at all.I could eat at Cafe Rio 7 days a week.
5	Love the chicken salad and ice tea. They are very friendly and food is very fresh.
5	I love Mexican food...but not just any Mexican food, I love Mexican food done with an American twist. Cafe Rio is the pinnacle of Mexican American food for me. I frequent this place at least once a week. You can't go wrong with the quesadillas, salads, or tostadas. Salads...what?! The salads are served on a delicious handmade tortilla and filled with rice, beans, a meat of your choice, pico de gallo, lettuce, and guacamole. My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the pork barbacoa. It is the perfect balance of savory and sweet. I could eat it by the pound, but usually I just get it on my tostada. The house dressing and the vinaigrette are both delicious choices for a salad or tostada. This place is fast and runs like a well oiled machine. They also have a punch card and after 10 punches you get a free meal! The best part is that you won't feel like you just ate fast food after you gorge yourself on the deliciousness that is Cafe Rio!
4	I am craving a Pork Barbacoa burrito as I write this! My first visit to Cafe Rio was a bit daunting, I must admit. I was meeting friends for a birthday dinner, and they had already arrived and had ordered. This is a cafeteria style restaurant. Since I wasn't familiar with the items on the menu, I told the server, 'Please be patient with me, its my first time here'. Big mistake. He shouted loudly, 'It's her first time!' And every server behind the counter started screaming, "It's her first time! It's her first time!' OMG. Ok, after I got over the initial shock, and ordered the Pork Barbacoa burrito with black beans, with a dollop of sour cream,dollop of guacamole and some pico, I realized that heaven was in my mouth! The burrito was huge, and I really attempted to eat the whole thing, because I couldn't stop eating it~Can't wait to go back and try their salad, and their tortilla soup. But trust me, I won't tell them it's my 2nd time there..
5	LOVE this place.  People are so nice, food is so fresh and so good!  It is getting our regular lunch place now.
5	Love the food it's great
4	Pretty good food, great friendly service and free quesadilla for the kids... clutch. I'll be back.
5	When you've graduated from Taco Bell and it's too depressing inside an empty Roberto's, you're ready for Cafe Rio and its addictive fresh awesomeness. Don't get me wrong: you won't forget the Los Tacos of the world, and I still love a good lunch at Mariana's. But Cafe Rio is wonderful. Big fan of both barbacoa and grilled salmon. Whole menu is great and worth the extra buck over your average fast-casual spot.
5	i'm addicted
4	I was skeptical about this place at first, but after visiting it is definitely a place to keep in your quick outing rotation (off-diet, of course).  The layout is a little crowded and there is almost always a line but after eating the food you will see why this place is consistently busy.  Fret not, the line is quick!  Seating leaves a lot to be desired but we almost always just order to-go or order online for pick-up so it's a non-issue.  Side note:  Be careful when entering and crossing between the seats and the soda station (the main walk to the line) as I have almost been ran over by children and adults rushing for soda.  I dunno, maybe there was a soda shortage and I missed the memo.People who make the food are attentive, quick, and friendly.  Awesome.  Every now and again we will get someone on the register who is usually not with the program like the rest of the staff is and has to ask three or four times what we ordered and even still will try to charge us the wrong amount.  It's not from confusion from the rest of the team, however -- I have caught the person at the register often joking and not paying attention to the customers.  Serious downer, but I am pretty firm (read: attention-grabbing because I want to GTFO of line and EAT!) now and it helps.What to order: Fire-grilled chicken nachos.  Extra cheese.  I like when they yell extra cheese, sue me.
5	The Barbacoa Pork burritos are awesome. I'm a big dude and just one will keep me full for a long time. While it is not a "traditional" Mexican place, the food is outstanding and they have a unique flavor. I swear they put estrogen in the food for the women folk... almost every single girl I know loves the taste of their salads and food. Even when it is busy it is normally fast to get your food, and there is always a place to sit. The best part about Cafe Rio is that they are consistently good.
5	Best salads and burrito's. I visit once in a week. Best Place in Vegas.
5	Love it!!!!Taco salads and salmon tacos are my favorite!
4	Cafe Rio was super busy and the staff are so cheerful.  I got the tostada and it was huge. It was the biggest tostada I have ever had.  The only thing that was difficult to get used to was the lettuce on top sometimes made me feel like I was eatting dandelions, but I'm sure thats the Taco Bell eater in me coming out. LOL. They even have a frequent eater card where you can earn free meals.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants fast but great mexican.
5	Shrimp tacos are amazing!!!!! Also love the fish tacos. I wish they had them everyday. You can't go wrong with their salad. Delicious guacamole.
5	I am in love with Cafe Rio's steak salad.  I can not get enough of it.  Great prices and great food.  The costumer service is always great and everyone working is extremely pleasant.
3	This place is a clone of Chipotle and Qdoba.  The main difference is price.A burrito and a soda here is over $10.  The same order at Chipotle or Qdoba is around $8.Their big thing is "enchilada style".  Too bad it's an extra dollar.Guacamole, extra charge.They even charge for sour cream (it's not even good sour cream, tastes like it came from Vons).There is really no reason to go to this place when both Chipotle and Qdoba are available.
5	Excellent
3	While better than a lot of other Mexican places in the area, I just can't get above thinking of it as a-ok.The set-up is similar to other places where you order from the person who actually makes the food - and you walk down the line saying yes or no to various toppings and whatnot.The food is definitely plentiful and large. The tortillas are delicious and the different meat options are seasoned nicely. But, overall, I still just find the tacos and enchiladas average. Their queso, however, is definitely above average. In fact, my favorite thing here is the chips and queso.
4	I tend to make hipster choices when it comes to my food: the more obscure, the better. It's this reasoning that always made me inclined to dislike Cafe Rio. "Bleh, another Mexican chain? Psh, be more original!"Then I had the Barbacoa tostada. Holy crap, I wanted to punch myself for such hipster tendencies. Moist, flavorful, and mass quantities for only six bucks? I am so sorry I doubted you Cafe Rio. You can't go wrong with a tortilla smothered in beans, rice, slow-cooked pork, lettuce, cotija cheese, tortilla strips, and a creamy tomatillo sauce. The tostada resembles a salad more so than its namesake, and honestly, by the time I got to the tortilla, it was so soaked I just tossed it. But everyone's right, the barbacoa is the way to go - at times I'd catch my friend glancing at my pork enviously in between bites of her inferior chicken.
4	So appropriate that James Taylor's "Mexico" came on while I was dining here.  The lyrics include the line "I've never really been but I'd so like to go... guess I'll have to go now."  There is something about the pseudo-Latin instruments and the added vocal harmonies of Crosby and Nash that makes one want to go to Mexico after listening to this ridiculously catchy song.Pretty much sums up how I feel about this place...Mexican-American fast food fare that despite it's pseudo-authenticity, is still ridiculously tasty.  When faced with the rival options like Chipotle and Taco Bell, Cafe Rio wins hands down every time!  Freshly made tortillas cranked out on the premises, daily specials like coconut shrimp tacos and tamales, and a badass oven that takes shredded cheese sprinkled on top of a variety of dishes and transforms it into a velvety gooey blanket of melted cheese-liciousness in less than a minute, the portions are generous and one can even partake in agua frescas and horchata for beverage options.  Service is fast and the ingredients are fresh (saw a whole army of chicken breasts fired on the grill and one of their napkins claimed they squeeze over 1000 limes daily).  While I am still on a quest to search for the most tasty authentic joint that teleports me directly to Mexico, this will still be my guilty pleasure place for fast food that makes me want to go to Mexico, much like James Taylor.
5	Who doesn't like a plate of mouth watering nachos? Lets just say that I'm a HUGE nacho advocate and for some reason, even living in the South West part of the country it can be a challenging task for most restaurant owners to accomplish.. Not for Cafe Rio! Fresh meat (chicken is my preference), fresh corn tortilla chips, hand fulls of cheese, fresh guacamole, beans, and salsa equals a quick tap dance of happiness from me!I sank my teeth into and wrapped my lips around some mighty tasty tortilla chips this afternoon on my lunch break. I must say my tin of nachos were by far the highlight of my day here at the sweat-shop.The chicken tacos at Cafe Rio are equally delicious, especially since they are created within fresh (made before your eyes) tortillas. My only *ugh* moment at this joint is when I get the lady that speaks faster than the speed of light and screws up my order by putting pico de gallo (chunky salsa) on my food instead of the medium, more blended salsa. Sounds minor but you'd be surprised at how a few extra tomatoes and the additional energy removing them from my dish can ruin my food mojo. Slow down lady! Speedy Spanglish equals messed up food orders, and crabby customers..just sayin.It's worth the wait in line and the drama (sometimes) to park so if you're in the mood for extremely fresh and always delicious Mexican food, give Cafe Rio a whirl!
5	Once again I was "wowed" by the service at MY local Cafe Rio.  Even though I didn't go to the gym today like I normally do before I visit, I ordered double fire grilled chicken on my salad.  AWESOME!!!  You know you go a lot when they remember exactly how you like different dishes.  Service, food, location all equal a great adventure.  A local favorite and recommended to everyone I meet that are new to the area.
5	So many great things for a reasonable price.  Try the barbacoa pork burrito or the coconut shrimp tacos-- excellent.  You can also call in an order for take-out or delivery.
3	My wife loves this place.  Do you know that jeep saying that only jeep owners say.  "It's a Jeep thing, you don't understand."  I guess Cafe Rio is the same thing.  I just don't understand why people go crazy over this place.  This restaurant is always packed.  I always end up going because I can't always pick where we eat.  Now as you read this I know what you are thinking.  This guy is just bashing this restaurant.  Ok, so I am a little.  Let's get to the food.  Is the food bad?  No  Is the food spectacular? No Is the food a little different? Yes.  This place is not your typical Mexican food joint.  I have actually tried a few different items on the menu at this establishment because I cant seem to find something I like.  My wife gets the salad with the pork.  The pork is really good.  It is the right amount of sweet and tender.  This place also makes there own tortillas, which is always a plus.  The salad comes with your choice of a lime vinaigrette or a ranch type dressing.  I advise against the lime stuff, it is a little too tangy.  I ordered the chicken Quesadilla and it was pretty good.  This is one of those restaurants were you have to go and order. Don't let anyone tell you what they think because honestly this is a different type of Mexican joint.  Cheers!
5	Ah, the oxymoron known as the "pork salad". I travel all over Vegas looking for the best. I enjoy Chipotle and Zaba's enough, but I get superior quality and unbelievable portions at Rio. When I have friends stay from out of town, you can bet I take them here. They simultaneously love me for taking them and hate me for the knowledge that they don't have a Cafe Rio in their hometown. Hehe.Start with the base--the tortilla. They are homemade, warmed up for you as soon as you order, and stay soft all the way through your meal. I order my Barbacoa pork salad (all hail the sweetest and most moist pork around). My man gets a dual-protein burrito which is the size of a newborn and takes him two sittings to finish. The Mahi Mahi tacos are excellent too, as a side note. What I love so much about the service is that these guys don't run you down the line like cattle, which I've felt a part of at Chipotle during the lunch rush. Too many times at Chipotle I watch my bowl fly down the line away from me as I yell out "I'm sorry...would I like what?!?! Oh, salsa! Mild please..." When they ask you which dressing you would like, just say "house". I think it's avocado ranch and I could drink it from the cup. A perk of Rio is that horchata is served here. My salad is so massive and rich, though, I can't even finish IT, let alone chase it with sweet rice milk. Bottom line: if you're going to pay $7-$9 for one of these meals (and you will pay that no matter where you go) make it worth your while and just come to Cafe Rio. Pull up a chair, because I'll be there stuffing my face.
4	Ok, I'm not sure if Cafe Rio is really an authentic Mexican cuisine or is it like one of those american tiki bars that are all dressed up like the islands, but actually resides smack dab in the middle of the US. Either way, if it is an American corporation that dresses like a mexican spot, call me one to turn the other cheek! I'm just in love with the food and flavor.Coconut shrimp taco tuesdays. Thats what its all about. They are VERY generous about the shrimp too I may add. I also love the pork barbacoa tacos. The burritos are just too big for my hand to hold, so I opt for the tacos. I love the barbacoa flavor because its sweet, juicy, and meaty as well. The pork is tender and perfectly shredded. Its just so full of flavor, and has that nice marinated bbq taste to it. If you like more soft, and less over powering flavors, I'd try the coconut shrimp, salmon, and mahi mahi. Those are primo. It's not filling, the flavors are very soft and subtle, and the fish is tender as well.But what makes everything perfect and my personal favorite is the torilla. It's freshly made, and because it trastes so wonderful I always ask to DOUBLE the tortilla. It's a thick tortilla and very soft. It has this light, sweet, doughy taste and texture to it. It's not flat and woodfired or stovetop grilled like most tortillas. Expect to see the cooks in the back making the dough and cooking the tortillas fresh for you. My favorite.Also, they have a stamp card. But 9 meals, and get the tenth free. WHO DOESN'T LOVE STAMP CARDS?!?!!?!
5	I've been eating at Cafe Rio restaurants since 2001 when they had two or three of them (in Utah), and was happy to find one nearby upon moving to Henderson.  I have to say that I continue to be impressed by the consistently good quality and reasonably priced food.  My favorite is the chicken salad with house (tomatillo) dressing - hard to order anything else.  Their flour tortillas are wonderful.  The portions of ingredients in the salad are generous and if I separate things into multiple containers (to keep the cooked stuff from wilting the lettuce) as soon as I get home, I can usually get 3 meals out of just one Cafe Rio chicken salad.  This is literally the only place I have ever completed a frequent buyer card - and I have completed quite a few over the years.   I normally choose mom an pop places over either fast food or any chain restaurants, but I make an exception for this one.  I like that if I'm hungry when I walk in the door, even with a line of people, I can be seated and eating in about five minutes.  I give five stars for combination of value for the money, good tasting food, friendly employees, and upbeat atmosphere.
5	My wife and I were visiting Vegas over the weekend and some friends took us to Cafe Rio for lunch on Monday.  Walking in I thought it was sort of Chipotle-esq and  was wondering why it was so packed.  Now I know!  I had the sweet pork barbacoa burrito "enchilada style".   I am still daydreaming about it days later.  I wouldn't shed a tear if all the Chipotles and Qdobas here where I live, in Colorado Springs, closed down and were replaced by Cafe Rio.That burrito was unbelieveable.  Perfectly savory, seasoned, spicy, sweet, and moist pork.  The rice and beans, and the green chili sauce on top weren't a distraction from the barbacoa but were just right.  Damn.  Why am I writing this review?  I'm just making myself hungry thinking about Cafe Rio.
3	I have been to Cafe Rio on a few previous occasions, so I came in not thinking very highly of their food. I came in for lunch recently and was surprised that I actually liked it a lot more than I remembered. I ordered the sweet barbacoa salad and although it was nothing amazing, the flavors were pretty good. They make their own tortillas, but honestly I was not a big fan of them. The texture was just off, so I'll probably stay away from their burritos. They have quite a few different menu options, which is nice as well. My salad was flavorful and the portions are enormous, which makes it a great option for lunch. There do seem to be a lot of flavors going on at one time, so flavor is definitely the name of the game at Cafe Rio. The restaurant itself is extremely loud at lunchtime and the line was incredibly long. It's all right grub, but I still prefer Chipotle to Cafe Rio as far as chain build your own burrito restaurants.
5	Even the take out was awesome. Thought it wouldn't taste so fresh or get soggy, but as always the food rocks. I love the chicken tacos & the queso dip!!
4	Great fresh food, prepared right in front of you. Handmade tortillas are slung on a large circular griddle, just like your Mexican grandma used to make.  The chicken tortilla soup is to die for!
4	Everyone knows that the barbeque pork is their best meat. And, I eat it every time I'm here. But recently, I discovered their nacho cheese. It's ridiculously good. They give you about 2 servings of cheesy dip that is creamy, salty but well rounded, and has specks of salsa in it. And they give you a whole plate of chips. I'm not a big fan of gringo food but I have to admit that Cafe Rio does gringo food good!Oh and yes, this cheese goes directly to your thighs.
2	What I had: Pork Barbacoa Tostada (Taco Salad), Papaya/Mango Agua FrescaPrice Total: $11.08 The Good: Fresh Ingredients, Lots of topping choicesThe Bad: WAY TOO EXPENSIVE! Essentially this place is doing the exact same thing Chipotle and Zaba's does only Chipotle and Zaba's do it better for cheaper. A single Taco here costs $5 to start with. My tostada (which was more like a Taco Salad) was $9 BEFORE I even ordered a drink! They don't fry the shell like most other places would. You could get 2 HUGE Taco Salads from Roberto's Taco Shop for the price of 1 REGULAR one here. This place prides itself on the idea that they make their own tortillas and the fact they have pork barbacoa. (1) Their tortillas are bland and there is NOTHING special about them. (2) Their pork barbacoa is tangy and tasty but it tastes like that cheap BBQ you would get at a buffet. "Tacos El Gordo" makes MUCH BETTER Barbacoa for only $2/taco. The Agua Fresca I had here was $2.50 but "La Flor de Michoacan Artisinal" makes MUCH BETTER Agua Fresca and gives you a HUGE cup for the same price or less. When I got to the register, the manager asked me if I want the "house dressing" which looked like guacamole. I said no and then he said something weird like "Well, since he didn't get the house dressing, don't charge him for the sour cream" (implying that normally I would have to pay EXTRA for the sour cream), which was NOT explained to me as I ordered it.The Ugly: There seems to be a racial divide in this place. It seems to be run by Mormons. There are NO BLACK PEOPLE on the staff and there's 20-30 people working there (Note: Mormons don't like Black people). There are some Mexicans working there but they get the crappy kitchen jobs while the Mormons get the cushy easy jobs.They offer "curb side service" instead of having a drive-thru. This actually screws traffic and the parking lot up.
5	For the kind of place this is, they are top notch.  They are quick and the ingredients are good.  I always get the same thing, a chicken salad.  The one thing that brings me back is their Stevia sweetened strawberry lemonade.  I try to drink only drinks with no sugar.  You can never really find anything anywhere except unsweetned iced tea.  And now, Cafe Rio has satisified a huge craving I have and sometimes I want to go just for the drink.
2	I got the salad with steak, my husband got a steak burrito....."OVER PRICED", when we were ordering, we felt like we were being hustled! Everything you ad extra, is an extra charge.  more guacamole, extra charge, more salsa, extra charge, and extra dressing extra charge!  and they rush you through the line!  Feels like a cafeteria kitchen, the way you order.  It was ok, but not worth what there asking.  We ended up paying about $23.00 for a buritto and a salad w/ 2 drinks!  REALLY!  Noooooo sweetie, it's not that good.  El Pollo Loco, is just as good for alot less!  I think I will ask my co-worker that recommended this place to me, to give me my money back!  ROTF!
3	Great place for lunch. Not as much of a dinner place, but I guess you could opt for one of their massive burritos.I had one of their salads, which are pretty massive and served on a tasty tortilla shell. They use plenty of chicken and offered a tasty cilantro dressing. It's pretty much what you'd expect from a mexican style salad but I reiterate that the portion was very impressive. My friend was only able to finish half of hers and I was pretty stuffed by the time I got through mine. The chicken is well seasoned, the salsas are good. I guess what I'm saying though, is that as good as this place was, it didn't blow me away or impress me anymore than a routine trip to Chipotle would. I definitely recommend you try it out though-- if you are a fan of trendy mexican food you'll be glad you did.
4	What can I say, I'm a fan.  It's obviously not authentic Mexican, but in my opinion, a better option than Chipotle.  I like that they make giant flour tortillas on-site.  They taste so good, I usually push my salad around to get to the tortilla.  Actually, that may be the linchpin for me.I usually have the chicken salad, which is ginormous.  Overall, it's good and I like their creamy cilantro dressing.  It has just a little kick but is not so spicy that it's uncomfortable for me to eat.  (Disclaimer: I'm a self-admitted salsa/spicy wimp.)I also like that they have hibiscus iced tea (i.e., jamaica).
5	I'm giving this a 5-star for the plain simple fact: The Pork Barbacoa is AMAZING!!! It beats any meat, at any mexican restaurant. I always put it in the enchilada with the green sauce and I can't stray because it's that good. Can't help anyone with the rest of the menu, sorry :(
5	Awesome!  Consistent evey time.
4	The food is good but a bit pricey compared to Chipotle. I don't like the fact that they don't tell you that it's extra for enchilada style, cheese on top, etc until you get to the register! I just thought it's deceptive practice! I do like the varieties of drinks that they offer such as different flavors of ice teas and lemonades.
1	food good,but employees never listen to what you want, we always have our order wrong, and when you complain, manager is rude. We will not go back to this location.
4	Let's not kid ourselves-- this isn't the most authentic Mexican food available. However, the food is fresh, fast, and delicious.I have tried the tacos, burritos, salad, and quesadillas.  For my money, I think the Cafe Rio salad with Chile Roast Beef is the best bet. My wife usually orders the pork burrito with an extra side of tortillas to soak up the flavorful juices that are left. I am most impressed with how the restaurant handles orders in an efficient manner.  No matter how busy the place is, you can get your food relatively quickly. I would like more spicy options, but that is just a personal preference. Move over Chipotle, I have found a better option.
1	I just had a salad and holy plastic came with the sauce yea not!....i told someone and i got a free meal card like that will happen
5	This place is amazing!  My wife had brought home a leftover salad from here before and both the tortilla and dressing were so delicious.  I decided I needed the full experience so we went here the other day.  Let me tell you this:  the Sweet Pork Barbacoa was one of the greatest meats I've ever had at any type of Mexican joint.  So tender, sweet, and flavorful.  Again, those tortillas are like a little piece of heaven.  The ordering process is fast, simple and they have a great selection of drinks to choose from.  I love me some Chipotle but I think I found my new go to for somewhat healthy fast food.There's really not much more to say except I need to go back this week to try something else.  My wife's enchiladas were great as well so that might be my next choice.
4	My 4sar review is probably a bit slanted. The truth is, I've been here several times, today for lunch in fact, and I've only eaten their Thursday special: Barbacoa pork tamales. these tamales have changed my opinion of tamales. The pork filling is slightly sweet and delicious while the masa is moist and tasty. The hot sauce isn't very hot, but it has good flavor. I like the variety of drinks available as well as the torino's syrup selection so u can make insane drinks. I prefer cafe rio over chipotle. Thinking of the pork tamales is making my mouth water.
5	Jizz-tasic!!!
5	Best burritos ever!
5	The same excellent food that I expect from this chain. The staff are extremely friendly and outgoing at this location. My standard meal is a chili roast beef burrito with a wheat tortilla (not enchilada style), I also have a strong appreciation for the crushed ice in the soda fountain. Thank you for a great meal and great service. The parking can be difficult at this location.
5	The best two things are the fresh tortillas, and the mint limeade!  Tastes like a virgin mojito -- so good!  My friend told me Cafe Rio is better than the other Mexican QSR's I frequent (Chipotle, Zabbas, Baja Fresh, etc) and I was hesitant ... but he was totally right.  The steak salad with everything is wicked filling, and instead of a fried shell, they serve it in a nice, toasty fresh tortilla.  I've been back once a week since trying this fantastic place!  The line at dinner time is really long, but it moves quick.  The UNLV location has a little bigger servings, but I like the atmosphere on Eastern better.  Cheap for a meal and half -- my steak salad and a large soda ends up $11.07
4	Barbacoa is the way to go. Have it in tacos, burritos, tostadas, quesadillas, enchiladas or a salad. Whatever it is, barbacoa should be the choice. The fact that it is noted for winning awards initially caught my interest, but after tasting it I cannot stop ordering just this protein.This location is the busiest out of all the them. Every time I come, I am left waiting in line for 10-15 minutes. The employees manning the line are quick and efficient, but there is only so much a person can do while waiting for grill room to free up.Regardless of minor inconveniences, I do enjoy their food from time to time.
2	I have coworkers who swear by this place but I honestly cannot stand it. I thought that something was wrong with me and I wasn't giving it a fair chance, so I went with them at least six or seven times. Not a fan.I am a vegetarian and it's not their fault that I have a limited selection, but the selections I have chosen just weren't up to par. The tostada special on Wednesday is just not impressive at all, though my coworkers love it. I think both sauces they offer are disgusting and the overall taste is just...bleh. So I decided to try the cheese quesadilla two times.....bleh. It was undercooked and greasy! Lastly, the place is just too damn loud! The employees are always yelling something when someone orders extra this or extra that. I can barely participate in the conversations my coworkers are having because I can't hear over the noise.Don't get me wrong, they must be doing something right, because that place is always jam packed when we come in during lunch hour and my coworkers LOVE it! It's just not my bag. The food isn't as good as people say it is. I'd rather go to Qdoba, in which I find is it's closest comparison. Can't compare to Chipotle nor Zabas as I find they are way different as far as taste and selection. Bon apetite!
4	I come here at least once a week. Cafe Rio is slightly above Chipotle when it comes to the freshness and quality of their ingredients. Consequently, their prices are also a little higher but I really like how consistently fresh their steak salads are. If you are health conscious like me, get the salad without chips and tortilla; that will cut down at least 600+ calories.
5	Solid healthy (if you make it) lunch spot!  I love this place and their fresh tortillas.  MMM the hand made totillas and their creamy cilantro dressing is so tasty to dip and eat when i'm on a carb craving.  but their veggies and beans are all very tasty as well.  Highly recommend it!
5	There's a reason that the three, two and one star reviews don't even amount to the four or five star reviews. I guess it just takes a certain kind of person to enjoy Cafe Rio for the amazing goodness that it is. I can taste the freshness of everything I've ever had from here, and really hope they open up more locations when I move out of town!
4	Cafe Rio is pretty good food. This particular Rio is awesome. You have to get here early or you will be waiting in line and may be forced to sit outside or get your food to go. If you're in the mood for Mexican style cuisine but want less lard and grease then Rio is the place to go. The enchilada sauce and balboa is really tasty. I would actually give this particular location 3.5 stars and not the full four. The con for this location;  parking is a nightmare during lunch and dinner hours. Cafe Rio is definitely overpriced. The burritos are huge and worth every penny. The tacos and enchiladas are way overpriced for the amount of portions you get.   My recommendation is the chicken nachos, enchilada style (red or green sauce) with lime salsa and fresca.. enough to feed two that's for sure.
5	Tortillas and Taco Salad are amazing! Beautiful restaurant! Try the Tomatillo creamy dressing! My favorite!
5	Absolutely AMAZING! As close as it's gonna get to authentic mexican food! Tortillas are hand made and everything taste delish!
3	Decent price.  Fast.  Ok staff..... but it is fast food so I can't rate any higher than 3.
5	I went to Cafe Rio to get a salad to go (as I often do). When I got home, I discovered they forgot to put the dressing in the bag. I called and spoke to Chris, the General Manager, and he said he would have someone deliver the dressing. About 40 minutes passed, and no dressing. I called the store and spoke to him again, and he apologized and said the first driver got lost and that he sent another driver out with a large container of dressing. About 5 minutes later that driver arrived with the dressing. I was happy to eat my delicious salad. Then about 10 minutes later my doorbell rang again, and it was Chris himself with a fresh salad and free meal cards for me. He wanted to make sure I was taken care of and he was very apologetic about the mistake. This was above and beyond the call of duty! I applaude Chris and Cafe Rio for ensuring the customer is happy. I have never experienced customer service like that in Las Vegas!
3	Stood at the door, thinking we were going to be seated... but boy was I wrong. Luckily the server was nice enough to question if it was my first time and directed us to the ordering line. Ordered a burrito and some nachos, which were delicious and were even put in the oven to heat up even more. Their foods are flavorful and the selection of additional "hot sauces" was a very nice touch. Will definitely be back, but probably with a few friends since my bf and I couldn't finish either.
4	Went during lunch time. Line moved pretty fast. Had the pork barbacoa tacos. Pork was tender, marinade on it was sweet that's why I like it better than chipotle. Place was clean, friendly service. Good price for lunch.
4	I really love this place. The portions have gotten smaller, ever so slightly and they have become so busy I usually think twice about going. Their employees are pretty good but it's like they're herding cattle instead of serving customers. Beware of the hidden costs of guacamole and enchilada style.
4	The food is good...but..I think it's overpriced.  Once went in not really paying attention too what we were ordering...and the bill for two was over $30 which was ridiculous. Now I order the salad with the creamy tomatillo dressing...sooooo good!!!  It's a huge salad and it's only $6..I always have some left over. The tortilla's are amazing..I can't stop eating them. I'm not a fan of the pork, too sweet for me. They also have amazing lemonade's and tea's that can be mixed with fresh mint...very good.It is loud here but that doesn't bother me.
3	Holy moly. Ever go somewhere that could have been great, but the other clientele really sour the experience for you? Never having been to Cafe Rio, we didn't know that dinner hour would be quite the zoo it was. Since the place was busy, we decided to get our food to go. This is what I wish I would have known: (one) it's advisable to read the menu and make your choice while still at home. There is no big-print menu up high so that you can read it from way back in the line. There are two small menus available to peruse as you make your way through the line. The first is in an awkward spot and the second is half a step from the spot where the employees start asking you what you want. I say "start asking" because (two) it seems you'll be asked 3-4 times what you want/ordered. You have to remember. (Three) you don't really get the "choose your own ingredients" option here like you would at say, Chipotle. The item you order comes with certain stuff on it and the staff will ask you if you want that stuff. But that's it. Much more sit-down restaurant in that regard. (Four) Unless you're tall, you won't be able to see your food being made on the other side of the counter. (Five) There are some patrons of this location that think it's totally fine to have 7 kids under 6 and an infant through the line accompanied by a single adult (who is trying to order for his giant party, as 3 other adults sit, kidless, at a table). If that was you or someone you know, for the love of god, sit the kids at a freaking table while you order so they aren't running around, blocking the menu and stepping on other people's toes.Anyway, we both got tacos; mine were mahi mahi and Boyfriend's were steak. Both came with rice & beans. Everything was good and I'd go back to try something different, but if it's as overrun with horror children the second time, I don't feel like I'll be losing anything if I never go back.
3	I like the food but the menu made it difficult for me to get what I want so I always go along with having the same order as my sister,  she is completely obsessed with their food  that there not a week she doesn't eat them. And good thing she got a coupon from them cause it bit pricey for one meal. But other than that the food are definitely delicious because the place get so pack on certain day and hour (I'm not sure when) They also have an outdoor seating area.
4	I like this place, I like this place, I like this place. The salad thing is amazing! Ugh, just thinking about it makes me want to get on a plane and eat this for lunch. Like now.Ok- lets be real. I have no desire to come back to anything but the Strip in Vegas, but this place is good! How I wish you were in California! Absolutely recommend. Delicious!
5	The Pork Barbacoa Salad is amazing... in fact.. anything that involves their marinated pork is really a highlight of the restaurant.  I will never go to Chipotle again. This is the best "fast food type" mexican in town.
5	Updated menu! Still great food with great service!
2	It will take a long time for me to forget the poisonous tamales that followed me 425 miles from  Las Vegas to Salt Lake City.If you are a fan of food from the suburbs of SLC, though, this is the place for you in Vegas. There is even a Nelson's Frozen Custard next door. Oh my heck.
4	always get the Chicken Tostada with everything... super yummy-
5	The fresh made tortillas are amazing. Best Mexican counter service place we have tried.
5	This place is simply fantastic. This is my whole family's #1 choice on any given night.  That's because every single item here is delicious, the prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is lively, and the staff are great. The drinks selection is amazing, too, with a station set up with a variety of flavors you can add, and "specialty" drinks like horchata and fresh lemonades.  My brother obsesses over the specials over the day, but on just about ANY given day I'm craving the Pork Barbacoa Salad.You know the place is good because at ANY time of the day, the place is almost full.Seriously one of the best casual dining options in Vegas.
4	They change the menu around to make it easier to understand
5	This place has better service by far than any other Rio location. The workers are motivated, attentive, and most importantly professionalThe number one thing about this place, freshness. Most notably, the soft and fresh tortillas made minutes before you eat. They also have fresh homemade horchata and other tasty and unique drink options with free refills. In addition to being delicious, this place is vegetarian (even vegan) friendly. As some have mentioned, eating here DOES get expensive. A simple burrito will seem to be around $6 at first but after enchilada style, side guacamole and sour cream, and a medium drink, you will find yourself more than doubling your original estimate. That side of guac by the way, is very modest. They do have daily specials though which include a drink in the price. And they also offer a stamp card towards a free meal. However, once you reach ten stamps you have most likely spent around $100 here. This is also one of the few foods out there that still tastes great when you order out.
3	Love this place and it pains me to give them 3 stars but I have ordered take-out on numerous occasions and they have NOT ONCE got my order correct!
4	great lunch today had the big kahoona which we split between two people.good bbq with pinapple chunks. have also trye the north shore hugh sanwich fresh taste and good service .set out on the patio enjoyed the day
1	I'm DONE with Cafe Rio! The last couple of times I have been to this restaurant, I have noticed a decline in many places.To start, I was in on Tuesday about 5:00. This place us being run by a bunch of children who are loud and unprofessional. There were at least eight employees standing around in the dining room and two employees smoking in front of the restaurant. It looked like a high school cafeteria. TOTALLY UNPROFESSIONAL. Next, I have watched the prices grow and the portion sizes shrink. What used to fill the container almost all the way, now barely fills half. Two burritos and a bag of chips comes to $25.00.  There are several other similar restaurants that are MUCH cheaper. Cafe Rio used to be much better than those places but NOT ANY MORE.To finish, after getting home and digging into our mini burritos, we found that they were full of CRUNCHY rice and the chips were totally stale. I am DONE with this Cafe Rio! I wonder if the owner knows that their restaurant is being run into the ground.
5	So i wont really review the food...it's great. But today my UNR student daughter who came to town to surprise me, but i had found out in advance and then had my wife tell her i was out of town...so she took her to cafe rio where i was waiting, to surprise her. Confused? Big tear moment...but then cafe rio jeffrey with erics (?) help surprised us with a free desert to "celebrate whatever the tears were for" Class act people!
2	Maybe I was here on an off night but right now I don't get what all the hype is about with this place.  First of all I cannot stand waiting in a line like a herd of cattle while rattling off my order to someone behind a counter, then shifting down farther to add/delete items, shift down farther to add/delete more items. It's too much shenanigans for me to deal with.  I really just want to order what I want and have them make it happen.  Too much work :-) OK I sound like a whiney brat...but wait there's more!I had the steak burrito.  Food quality in this is quite poor.  I sure do love some gristle with my "steak" burrito. Catch my sarcasm there?  Yeah, gristle isn't good when you are chomping on an already poor excuse of a burrito.Cleanliness could be a bit better too.  I really am not a fan of having to pre-bus my own table prior to sitting down...you know, wiping off the last persons rice droppings from the table and chair.  Ugh,  I'll look elsewhere.
5	Yummy yummy...Yummy yummy...
5	Not only is the food delicious and a good value, the customer service is excellent. I called ahead and asked if they would be able to bring it to my car since I was returning from the vet with my dog in the car. I did not want to leave her in the car on a hot Vegas afternoon. They were more than willing to do so. This will be a regular go to spot when I need a quick and yummy meal.
2	Pretty much your standard casual mexican restaurant. Portions are huge which is nice, but I find that the dishes generally have way too much cheese and/or sauces. I know that is kind of standard for most mexican places, so if you are looking for that, you will probably enjoy it. Just not for me personally.
3	I usually like this place but beware of shrimp tacos. They leave the tail on despite the fact that they fill the taco with goodies. The shrimp was cold and unappetizing as well.
4	Great, quick foods.For months I only ate the marinated roasted beef tostada, and I was very happy with it. Until a friend talked me into trying the grilled steak. Delicious! Then she got me to try the grilled chicken, now typically, I'm more of a red meat girl, and rarely eat chicken. Its normally to bland for me. However, this is some of the best chicken I've tasted. Highly recommend! Now it's the only thing I get. I can't vouch for the shredded chicken, as I've never tried it, but I was told it isn't as good.You can't beat the prices. And I also love their iced tea. I usually take my food to go, but they have a lot of room to dine in. The place is usually busy but the line moves quick.
5	Never disappointed! This is one of my go-to's. Their salads are totally worth the money - one is enough for two meals or two people to share. The chips and queso is soooo good if you're looking to splurge. It's also enough to share - one serving will serve 2+ people. Make sure to get their stamp card!
5	Love the pork barbacoa tacos! Yummmmm!!!!!!! :)
5	This place is amazing! With its extremely fresh ingredients, the authentic tortillas, the quick service and delicious food! I had the vegetarian enchilada and though no meat it was still just as savory! I had to slow myself down on eating it because it was sooo good! Vanessa is awesome and described the 100's of drinks that can be created with their convenient drink station!
5	I love this place!!!!! Im going to go straight to the point and tell you why:1. The menu is super simple. Just your basic mexican menu: burritos, tacos, salads, quesadillas, all with your choice of meat. Their prices are very reasonable. It's a little pricier than regular fast food, but you're paying for the quality. 2. Employees are friendly and quick. They make your food right in front of you so you know it's super fresh and you can see what's actually going in your food. There's always someone in the dining area to keep it clean and to make sure that everyone is doing ok.3. The actual food is fantastic!! My personal favorite is the chicken salad with house dressing. I get it without cheese and tortilla chip pieces. I figure the tortilla and dressing is enough calories in itself. The lettuce is fresh and crisp. The tortilla is warm and soft. The chicken is moist and flavorful. And their dressing is super addictive. Cilantro-Limey deliciousness!! 4. They have a stamp card!!!! After 10 stamps, your next meal is free. And it's cute when the cashier rings you up for your free meal, the entire staff yells out "FREE MEAL!" Nice touch. All in all, I have never been disappointed when eating here. This is a good place to eat if you're health conscious. I recommend this place to everyone!!P.S. this isn't a big enough reason to bump then down a star, but their guacamole is not good. I've seen it brown before. I just tell them to leave it out when I order.
4	Met some friends over here at cafe rio and had a fun lunch.The environment was very home like.. Fun music and the design of the place feels live. The order was incredibly quick. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, checked my phone for a second, looked up and my food was ready. Lol. The food is Amazeballss. It wasn't the best I've had but for the price, it was delicious. And they got my favorite hot sauce too! Cholula!! The horchata deserves a 5star.
4	I always get the Veggie Salad at this place. It is a great, carb filled way to end any day. Their tomatillo ranch dressing is so good that I try to hoard it for other salads through out the week. This last time there I tried the queso for the first time. I was definitely missing out every time prior! One of the best quesos that I have ever had! Secretly, I hoping that they will continue expanding across the country. Ok, maybe not so secretly...
2	This is my third time here at this location and still I don't like the service here. I know they are busy, but they don't have to throw the food at you. Literally, almost went off the counter. I asked to a frequent stamp card which I use at other locations. They ran out so no stamp card for three meals. I think sometimes this place is overrated! I'm done.
5	Best barbacoa tacos ever! Extremely delicious! I am a new fan!
4	Loved loved loved the fresh tortillas! I had the grilled chicken tacos with pico de gallo & lettuce, side of black beans, no cheese. Lots of flavor going on here! Hubby had the pork tamale special & it was moist and scrumptious !!My drink was the limeade with Jamaican flowers. Yum.Will definitely return! I want to try the shrimp tacos special on Saturdays.
5	My cousins took me here for the first time during the summer, and it was a lot better than I had anticipated it to be. Their burritos are HUGE. They are not skimpy on their meat, rice, beans, cheese, etc at all! They definitely give you your moneys worth. The line goes by pretty quickly. Seating can be a little hard to find, especially during lunch time (obviously). Can't wait to go back and get another burrito, enchilada style! YUM!
4	This was my first time dining there.  It has a Chipotle style of food creation to it, but with better options and flavors I felt!  CRAZY busy for lunch being right across from UNLV, so walking in to this I could only assume that it was this busy because it was that good!I went there with a friend, we both got cheese enchiladas, hers with mild sauce, mine with medium.  Both lunches and two sodas came to $20, so right on track with what I was wanting to spend.  I had the complimentary condiments added (rice & beans, pico, sour cream, guac)...my friend said no...but then decided at the cash register that she wanted the sour cream.  For some reason her enchiladas were $1.10 more than mine plus an add on of $1.00 for a side of sour cream.  I didn't realize this til I looked at the receipt later.  I'm not tryna complain about $2, but that is the ONLY reason why I dropped a star, just the accuracy at the register.Otherwise, the order-taker/creators were great, smiles all around, and knowledgeable.  Nice atmosphere and had Coca-Cola products with Coke Zero, Diet Dr. Pepper, and Horchata...yum!!
4	This place tends to get crowded at times. That is because they serve good food. Duh! I love their pork barbacoa. :) must try it. :)
4	The tortillas here are divine! So yummy! The food is fresh and the service is efficient and attentive. It's a line up, order what you want cafeteria-line style, pay, and go find a place to sit type of place.My fiance had the pork burrito (which was a pretty good size -- sure filled him up) with a side of sour cream for about $8. He enjoyed it b/c he didn't speak a word while eating haha. I got a shredded chicken taco and a vegetarian taco. They gave me plenty of chicken and toppings, such as lettuce, tomato, pico de gallo, and other salsas, but they ripped me off on the guacamole that was supposed to be in the veggie taco. I got about 2 bites of guac (which were yummy) and that was it :( -- so make sure to check for it haha. I also got rice and beans with my tacos, which were whatever tasting. I couldn't finish both tacos, 1 is filling.Definitely a place that can satisfy hunger -- really good sized portions. Also, it's a great place if you're in a time crunch because you can get in, order, eat, and be out within 30 min. If I have a choice of eating here again, I definitely will be back.Our total bill: for a pork burrito, side of sour cream, 2 tacos with rice & beans, and a regular soda: $18.74.
4	Been here multiple times now. I usually get either fire grilled steak burrito or I get the fire grilled chicken one. I love it enchilada style with spicy sauce is BOMB. Service is always good people are friendly. I have not been dissapointed ever in going here. I highly reccomend
2	Just went back here for the first time in a year or so.  I used to like this place when I was really hungry for their excellent serving sizes.  I  noticed though that their serving sizes for their rice and beans with the enchiladas is maybe half what they used to be.  The enchiladas seemed to be the same size.  Ingredients are the same and price is a little higher.Also, my enchiladas weren't really hot, barely warm, after going through the oven.  Seems like maybe they could slow down the oven speed a bit.Service here is really lacking....they seem to try and rush you through and you talk to 3 different people and no one thanks you for your order while they are clowning around with each other.   I think the girl shorted me on rice/beans (or are their servings really that small now, not sure) and they tried give me the girls salad that was behind me as well.  All this while there were like 3 people in line.  Sheesh lol.I think chipotle is a better value now and certainly better service
3	3.5 stars. Like most Mexican places in town this restaurant is a bit overpriced. The food lacked flavor and the service was rude, and you know how much I hate rudeness from staff when I am eating out. If I don't know what "guaca" (guacamole) means don't blame me, I only grew up in Mexico, so what do I know?I did enjoy the Southwest Limeade.
2	Every time I try to call in an order I either get hung up on or put on hold and the call doesn't get picked back up. The employees are rude, like you're wasting their time. I wish my boyfriend didn't love their salads so much or I would NEVER go back!
5	Oh soooo good!!!
5	always super fast, always super friendly.  Sweat Sweat Pork Barbacoa Burrito Enchilada style!
4	We get take out from here a couple times a month. Usually get the salads, with chicken. Always comes out good, little variation. 2 dressings to choose from and different proteins. Plenty of food, good portions in a homemade tortilla underneath which is so good. They also have different specials for the day of the week. Tuesday is my fav with the coconut shrimp tacos, yum. Staff was friendly and accomodating for each individuals preferences for toppings. Usually order online first and pick up to make it quicker, however this time I went to order online at about 8:45 and it said pick up time was 9:45. Didn't feel like waiting that long so we just went over there and there was no line, so it didn't really matter, just curious why the online time was approx 1 hour later (usually seems about 1/2 hour) maybe the time of day?Never had any issues, and I love their salads and will continue to go back for them, and those daily specials.
3	This was my first time at Cafe Rio. I've heard so many good things about this place my husband and I had to see what all the fuss was about! The atmosphere is very family friendly. If your looking for a quite place to have a romantic date I would not choose here. They do have seating outside at this location which would be nice on a not so hot night.  We went during dinner and decided to take it home.Cafe Rio has a large selection of Mexican food items. They also have a large selection of proteins to choose from, including salmon and a veggie option. We both had a very hard time deciding what to choose! I was torn between the burrito, nachos and salad. In the end I got a chicken salad with the house dressing and my husband got the sweet pork barbacoa. We decided to get the queso dip with salsa and chips as well. It's an assembly style restaurant much like Chipotle.I really enjoyed my shredded chicken salad.  They fill a large house made tortilla with rice, beans, chicken, lettuce, pico, cheese, guacamole, and their house made salad dressing. All the ingredients were very fresh and they gave a very large portion. I ate the rest for lunch the next day. My husband after much debate ordered the sweet pork barbacoa burrito. The pork was to sweet for his liking. He told me that he wished you could combine the beef barbacoa from Chipotle into the burrito from Cafe Rio. The queso dip was spicier then I expected, but the salsa was surprisingly tasty. The spice of the queso was not to much just not what I was thinking it would be. They gave a good portion of dip and chips that it was worth the $5.For fast Mexican food that is a little healthier then Roberto's i'd choose here again. But I really wouldn't go out of my way to go again.
5	I got the steak salad, it came inside a flour tortilla shell and it was really good, the cilantro house dressing is amazing.. Pretty big sized portion, the salad could easily be split between two people. There's usually always a line whenever I stop at a cafe rio, but it's definitely worth waiting in line for, everytime.
1	Don't go here if you like spicy or any mexican-style flavor really at all.  Also, it was so noisy when ordering they got so many things messed up and double-billed us for an entree.  To top it off, my pork tasted like sugar.  Gross.  I will not be back.
3	I've been here a few times, overall decent experience, the put effort into the decor of the place, the way the place is decorated gives it a cool factor.  It's similar to going to a Mexican chain place for a burrito or salad.  Ingredients are fresh, The service is ok at best.  I can't understand the staff, heavy accents, it has potential to be homey and more hospitality driven, just not there yet.
1	A coworker had prompted me to try this chain telling me how great it was so I had to give it a shot. i quickly glanced at the menu board and decided to go with barbacoa. i looked over the partition to view the other add ins and noticed that the shredded chicken in another container was swimming in a thick film of red oil and the meat looked "plastic" like and not natural. I should of walked out at that point but for some reason, decided to ignore that and was compelled to move on. I added black beans, rice, guacamole, medium spice sauce, lettuce, and pico de gallo. The burrito was very big, maybe slightly bigger than Chipotle or Zabas. it went down hill from there. I got home and my burrito was sitting in a lot of liquid. Probably from the pico de gallo not having been drained well. The tortilla was soggy and worse was, the pork was so sweet, it was like biting in a bbq pulled pork burrito. Dont get me wrong, I love pulled pork but i was just not expecting my barbacoa burrito meat to taste like that. It was just an unpleasant surprise and really turned me off to this place. Back to Zabas and Qdoba I go.
5	Love this place. Come here prob once a week for the chicken salad w the house dressing and extra tortilla chip strips. The ingredients are always fresh and the tortillas are amazing! My mouth waters as I'm waiting in line watching the woman placing the tortillas on the hot rotating griddle to cook them ugh soooo good! I also love their black beans ... If u usually go for pinto give these a try instead u won't be sorry. My family has tried just about everything here from the pork to the grilled steak to the tamales (I think thurs is tamales special they r homemade and delicious) everything is great. Bonus they have diet dr pepper my favorite :) The price is very reasonable for the quality and portion I find it a bargain!
4	Really enjoyed the taco salad I got. Authentic food and fresh tasting. Really enjoyed the dressing on the salad.
4	After trying Cafe Rio a few times. I now prefer this place over Chipotle! (They are very similar) What makes Cafe Rio stand out amongst it's competition is their sweet Barbacoa (shredded pork) it's just packed with flavor and just plain addicting! It's great in the salad or burrito. Try out the enchilda style (sauce and cheese baked on top of the burrito) when you get a burrito for a dollar more. I've tried the steak tacos as well. Not too bad but nothing to write home about. The prices are affordable and food portions are large. All the ingredients are always fresh and prepared right in front of you. Try out the house dressing on anything you order. As for drinks, they have a ton of selection, but since this is a Mexican restaurant, I suggest the Horchata! This location is busier than the other cafe Rios but a lot nicer inside. Be ready for a long line...
5	I love this Mexican fast food. The food is always fresh and full of flavors. My favorites are their barbacoa pork enchiladas with extra hot sauce. I love the Chipotle style serving counter, where the person prepares your mean in-font of you. The food tastes more authentic Mexican than any other fast food restaurant. Their enchilada style burritos are also delicious. If you have one near by than please feel free to try it out. Each container is about two servings, so there are left overs for next day.
2	Walking in at first was somewhat empty thinking "oh how lucky don't have to wait". Reasons why I will never go back....1. Blond lady up front no customer service, no greeting just what can I get you. My rice was pretty much thrown into the bowl, I asked what there shrimp looked like was given an attitude. 2. Barbacoa so sweet i tasted more of the sauce than the meat. 3. Screaming for food while speaking under her breath "fuck I always have to repeat myself" really I can hear you. 4. The lady prepares my food with the wrong lettuce as I'm paying I brought up it's be wrong one, she says with the rudest voice "you could of told her while she was preparing your food" really ? I responded "if it's that big of a deal then I will take it". Nope grabbed it and threw it in the trash. Stating "now we have to make a new one". Just shocked on how they don't see that they indeed need are customers elsewhere and if they receive poor treatment they would not appreciate it much....I will give someone else my business who has a different belief on customer service, never here again.
4	This is my casual quick and cheap go to.  It tastes SO GOOD.  Always consistent. I don't like other places similar to this one. I order the pork burrito, no rice, with sourCream, guacamole, and extra pico de gallo. The pork has a hint of sweetness. Everything tastes clean and well balanced. You can also get a stamp card of you frequent often. The one thing however I noticed last time.  The glass, the sneeze guard, was very dusty.  Should be mindful of that and clean often.  It's the one thing that customers are closest to and see right away. Everything else is pretty clean.
4	I love their fresh made tortillas. But so do lots of others, so darn disappointed that it's so popular I have to wait in line. I don't frequent chain restaurants very often, preferring locally owned businesses, but I'm glad to know that when I need some freshly prepared food, Cafe Rio is there. Bonus that they give the frequent diner card without being asked & that it is a stamp per meal, not visit even when ordering 4 meals like some restaurants.
4	I love this place!This is our go too when we are tired and hungry. Grilled chicken sald, no rice! Great portion size, semi-healthy and if they only sold their house dressing by the bottle! Only downside, there is usually a line. However, it is well worth it.
2	Watch them like a hawk when they ring you up.  Food gets 4 stars, but I was overcharged here.  Not worth my time to battle a few dollars, but they staff is great at adding extra costs for the add ons.  And they don't tell you!I was ordering food to go and had them put the salad dressing on the side.  I asked for both because I didn't know which would be best.  They charged me for 3!  I would be fine with an extra charge or 2 but I'm not sure how they counted 3.  I noticed they've done this to other people.  I've been several times and this doesn't happen much but it happens more often here than anywhere else.  I guess nothing comes free for here...
5	Years of loyalty and i'm finally reviewing... Now i'm not the type of guy that will even acknowledge a conversation when the words "Taco" and "Salad" are put together in the same sentence, but the grilled chicken taco salad at this place is something special. So special, that i'm done with this review. 5 Stars. Get the black beans.
4	Yes, I love Cafe Rio! Especially the salads, the tortillas and the house dressing are the HIT! What I don't like is that it is so stressful to order. The background music in their location is so loud, and people working behind the counter are stressing everybody out. It seems often that they just slam the food in the plates without love. My husband refuses to go there because of that... and I never go there anymore during lunch hour or in the evenings between 5.30-7.00.
3	Cafe Rio has great food, but TERRIBLE service! Associates are rude, and don't smile, ever. They over charged me for a to-go order I had made, and when I called to speak to the manager, she didn't listen and raised her voice to me! It's the closest location to me, but it's not worth the hassle I get. Its not what you say, it's how you say it.
5	Best place everrrrrr!!! Great tacos and very very fresh!! Since I found this place I go at least 2 times a week. Great lunch service!! Keep up the great work guys!!!
5	I love cafe Rio. Everyone I come they have phenomenal food. The service is always amazing.
1	The worst food I have ever had.  I tried again, for the last time, and I am sending my plumbing bill to their corporate headquarters.
2	I'll start by saying that I really like Cafe Rio's food. Now - this location I've been to 4 times since it's right by my house. Normally I go to the one by UNLV. At this location, every single time they have messed up an order or I've gotten the wrong food. Like another reviewer said, I've also been overcharged , although mine was for add-ons that I didn't order and didn't receive. One of the workers, who has been there everyime I have, basically ignores you when you order, and just puts everything on your order even if you ask for it without. The service is also incredibly slow at this location. If the one by UNLV can handle the college lunch rush plus take out and catering, there is absolutely no reason why this location can't. If you're in line in-store, your food will sit and get cold while they blatantly ignore you and instead fill an online or catering order. But if you order online, they don't even start the order until you get there to pick it up- and even then, it sits by the cashier who is clueless as to who the order belongs to.If you don't mind slow service and get getting what you order or pay for, then this place is fine. Otherwise, just avoid this location.
5	First time being here, and it's amazing! It's delicious, I got the chicken quesadilla with chips and salsa. So so good! The tortilla and tortilla chips are homemade which makes the food 10x better! Good, friendly, service! :) Definitely coming back!
1	This place is way too expensive. Over 20 dollars for one burrito and a plate of nachos? I didnt even get drinks!! (Nachos claimed to be for 4-6 people but was barely enough for 2!) Get real. And it tastes like any other mediocre Mexican restaurant. Plus they charge for sourcream. ...really?? Thanks, but no thanks Cafe Rio. I'll stick with Chipotle.
4	Stopped by this place in Vegas when I was out at EDC.  Decent Mexican food in the middle of the desert.  I got the chicken tacos and all of them were pretty good.  You get a plate of beans, rice, and your food from this place for ~$6.  A bright spot about this place - they messed up my order when I got here because I asked for just the chicken tacos but they gave me something else (I think it was steak instead).  They were so nice to me about fixing my order - they gave me the correct food and threw in beans/rice for free.  I'm always a fan of great customer service and free things, so when you throw in both I'm a happy camper and generous with my stars.Definitely check this place out if you're in Vegas!
5	GET THE PORK! Anything with the pork is going to make you happy. Even if you have a minor pork allergy, it's worth it.I have nothing else to say except drop what you are doing, get your wallet and go eat something with the pork.P.S. Their homemade tortilla shells they are making while you wait in line are better than....well...you know where I'm going with that. PORK, TORTILLAS, GO!
4	They just expanded which is great, along with the food.  But it took us 40 min. In line. It hardly moved, could have been short handed. They did change or enlarge the order line area to make u think your in Disneyland. But the ride at the end was very short to the table. At least we had seat when we finally got the food.
2	Let me start by saying, I have never had a problem with Cafe Rio. Also the 2 stars are only because my dinner was good. However tonight I was at this location and the sign says they are open till 11:00 on Friday nights. However as we were finishing our meal at 10:05 the staff rudely yelled "get out" to us. Yes. I am serious. Funny that they kick paying customers out 55 minutes before closing and basically shut the restaurant down. Also saw a couple try to come at 10:15 and the door was locked and staff was in the process of cleaning up. If your sign says you're open until 11:00, then be up until then. I won't be returning to this location after being yelled at to get out.
1	Hmm after reading all the reviews I figured I'd give this place a try.I won't be going back, I ordered the chile roast beef enchilada style the rice and meat taste as if it's not fresh but frozen and lacks any taste. We also ordered the sweet pork barbacoa burrito and I was told it was like eating a sweet potato I was supposed to receive a free drink yet I still got charged for it, and the drink itself the mint lime aid ehh what a joke.They get 1 star for effort, so in closing I'm gonna say this is frozen meets fresh veggies
4	If only they had this place in Southern California, then I would never have to hear another suburbanite talk about Chipotle! This place is great! If you're looking for  authentic authentic Mexican food, obviously you won't find it from a chain restaurant. But their food here is DELICIOUS! I highly recommend the sweet pork barbacoa! For a drink, definitely have to try their mint limeade...sooooooooooooooooooooo good. The mint limeade is half of the reason I come here. Another great thing about this place is their staff! Everyone was super friendly and cordial. It's nice to walk into a place that has staff with a smile on their face...just makes the whole experience of dining somewhere a little more enjoyable.
1	Don't let the one star fool you.  Food is great but I've been to a few Cafe Rio's and they all have great food. They all are consistently good. This Cafe Rio in particular is horrible.  They have horrible service.  Every time I go I consistently order $50 - $60 of food.  They have screwed up my order EVERYTIME.
2	Don't feel like they put enough yummies in their burritos. Meat, cheese and salsa doesn't cut it. Wish you could add sour cream, beans, lettuce, etc. Sadly, we won't return.
2	I should have gotten the salad! That's what I went for.  So as usual.  As soon as you get up to the glass it's a marathon for the workers!  How fast can they get you through!  Don't ask too many questions ( ummmm attention Cafe Rio Some people aren't regulars!  Be patient)  I had a few questions, and I felt like I was annoying the guy.  So I ended up getting the shredded beef enchiladas.  It was soooooooooo freakin salty!  If I had eaten it there, I would have told them I wanted something else.   But the chips and salsa was really good.  I'm not sure If I will ever return.  If I'm not mistaken, I think the salad was pretty good.
3	Let's get straight to the point. This is one of the biggest burritos I've ever seen. Lol. Felt like I had a 5lb weight in my bag.  What I don't understand is why can't they put all the stuff into the burrito? I don't want my guacamole and sour cream on the side. What am I supposed to do...dip my burrito? Is this done for speed purposes? It's just weird. Having enchilada sauce on a burrito is also weird. Turns everything into a wet mess! I like burritos because it's a handheld meal...not when it's covered in sauce and cheese.  Even though most of that was complaining, it didn't taste so bad.  Lol. Picked up a veggie burrito and it lasted me a couple days...that doesn't happen in chipotle.  Will I return? It's open late so most likely.
3	Great regional chain spot, it's always a good lunch spot.  This particular location recently went through a remodel and is a lot larger and service is a bit quicker now.  The lunch line can get pretty long here though, so be prepared but it usually moves pretty fast.The food is decent, my two favorite things here are the shredded chicken salad with the house creamy dressing and also the chicken burrito enchilada style!  Both are very tasty and the ingredients are consistent everytime I come here.  The enchiladas aren't too bad either.
4	Pretty solid Americanized Mexican food.  Not the quickest place, but still considered fast food.  Food quality is good.  A lot nicer now they expanded and remodeled.  I will be back.
2	I have been going to this location for 4 years & it's one of my favorite places! The other day I ordered Cafe Rio to go. I ordered a pork burrito, enchilada style, A LITTLE BIT OF RICE, chips, queso, & salsa. They always make their food amazing but this time it grossed me out so much that I'll never go back. I'm pretty sure they must've thought I said extra rice because every single bite had a ton of rice, which never ever happens even when I don't say only a bit of rice. I checked the receipt & it said a little bit of rice in capital letters. I absolutely hated it. They barely put any sauce on it inside so it was just dry rice & A LOT of it. I tried to pull the pork pieces out (my favorite part) & the best word I can describe is soggy. It had a really nasty texture. The salsa is usually amazing but this time it literally tasted like someone grabbed a tomato & squeezed all the juices in there. The queso also was also kind of watered down compared to how it's always made. Usually it's thick & creamy with a lot of flavor. This one tasted like movie theater nachos cheese. Last thing, their chips were not cooked all the way! I paid 14-16 bucks to be disgusted. It honestly bummed me out & then started making me really upset. I don't know if it's the cooks that day or the people just didn't care about anything but it was horrible. The worst part is that it was all to go & when I got home, it was too late to go back. I even took pictures of the receipt & food just to go back but I already drove a long way to go down there. The crappy part is that I feel bad for giving it a 2 star but i have never had this happen.
4	Cafe Rio is my favorite of these style places. I usually get the pork barbacoa tacos. Burritos and salads are good. Check out this place ( any location really).  My only complain, is the wait times sometimes during rush times. Im patient, and I totally understand its a popular place, but why does it seem like chipoltle, qdoba, baja, or any other similar style place with similiar lines seem to move faster.
4	Have you ever gotten full from a salad? If you order the Sweet Pork Barbacoa Salad you will be.  I'm impressed, I typically wouldn't eat salad if I'm ordering food but the portion is huge and for under $9.00 you can't go wrong!  This will be my go to spot when I want some quick Mexican food.
5	Great food! Fresh ingredients & homemade tortillas.
5	The food here is amazing and they make it all at the restaurant in front of you which is really cool. A little on the pricey side but I'm willing to pay for it because it's delicious.
2	It pains me to write this review because Cafe Rio is my absolute favorite burrito, BUT I must warn you to stay on them. I have ordered the same thing for several years, a burrito with hot sauce.  This most recent time in, I noticed as they were pouring it, it looked more orange when it's typically red. After the first bite I knew something was off.I asked the cashier who then looked at the sauce and also noted it looking thinner than normal, so she asked the chef. The response she came back with was that they were low on that salsa, so they had watered it down to stretch it out!! Truthfully, it would have been better practice to probably run out of it as opposed to making burritos for customers that either get thrown away or refunded AND thrown away. The burritos are normally delicious.  Just be on your guard.
5	BYE BYE QDOBA!Unlike the scoundrels at QDOBA these fine folks have kept their barbecue burritos on the menu! They care about their customers.... they care about me!I was heartbroken when Qdoba removed their luscious ancho chili barbecue burritos. I was lost..... roaming the streets like some junkie looking for a burrito fix. Down and out, dirty and cold, repeating over and over "they took my burrito.... why!?"I then was taken by a considerate policeman who himself was a recovered barbecue burrito addict. He told me " I can help you." And he did. He drove me to a place where he found help. It was Cafe Rio. A nice little spot with a barbecue burrito. I tried it, with the pain I was in I'd have tried anything. I was asked if I wanted it "enchilada style?"  Bewildered and confused I blurted out "Yes!, Just do it!" What I received was incredible. It was angelic, blessed, it was BETTER THAN QDOBA!"I now know that anything is possible. And I would not return to that other place.... (hmmm... forgot their name already) even if they returned my once beloved football sized burrito of sweet chili and beans to their menu. Well, maybe I would. Who knows, who cares.So next time you see a guy wondering the streets confused and repeating "they stole my burrito" over and over, be a good citizen and direct them toward the nearest Cafe Rio. They will be returned to being a productive citizen who is able to function in the world like all the other drones!  I have persevered!
