5	Ok, so I live in Portland, Oregon, and have for many years now, but grew up in Pittsburgh and thought I'd check out the Yelp scene in the 'burgh.  Seriously, you guys need to get writing!  Don't be making my hometown look bad.And the BBT.  It became a regular spot for me the summer after college, and the last time I held a PA address.  When I was visiting home last November I went back to the BBT with my father, who occasionally does open mic night there.  Ever since, when telling people about Pittsburgh, I bring up the BBT with a happy glaze in my eye and a slight smirk.  Portland only wishes it could have a "dive bar"  so steeped in history, so unassumingly cool..oh, and the perogies.  XOXO BBT!P.S. I think I've been away from Pittsburgh to long because I forgot how to spell pero...pier..you know what I mean.
4	I love the BBT as a cheap dive bar and for the great polish food.  I almost always get some pirogies and some kielbasa.  Most times after I order I see an old polish woman come out from nowhere and start cooking up my food!  It is definitely not health food, the 'rogies come out dripping in butter with some onions (and some sour cream), and the keilbasa comes simply as a giant delicious mouth watering link on a plate.  Although if there is a group of people who order different types of  'rogies you are almost guaranteed not to receive the mixture you ordered.  The live local music is fun, the beer fridge has a decent variety and a $1 bottle night on Thursdays, and their fries are good for snacking too!
5	Fuzz (Drum and Bass night) on Wednesdays is LEGENDARY. This place is an absolute Pittsburgh classic and should not be missed. The biggest drum and bass DJs in the world play this tiny little bar because of it's history. We should be very proud of the BBT and the whole Fuzz crew for putting Pittsburgh on the map. As for the bar, it's your typical Bloomfield dive. If you are into that, you're going to love it...if you're a pansy and you need a martini glass + quieter music, you can walk your ass down the street to somewhere else. ;-)
5	The beer is cheap.  The bartender is great.  The food is unique.  The music is stellar.  This is easily one of the best bars you'll find.Tuesday night had singer/songwriters cheering each other on, no cover, $2.20 bottles (including Abita Turbo Dog), and $1 Straub drafts.  Had a red platter, which is kluski, halupki, kielbasa, and pierogie, golubki, all of which I've butchered the spelling of.  Wednesday night has the best drum 'n bass for any night of the week for maybe two hundred miles around.  Gets busy around 10 PM.  $3ish cover, which used to include free wings, and may still include it.Thursday night, no idea what was going on musically, but Tuesday's bottles were only $1.There's a heated outdoor smoking area; the indoor area of the bar is smoke free ish, and the outdoor area is about ten feet away.  Everyone kind of wins.
5	As advertised, cheap dive bar, great Polish food, well worth the visit.
5	Great food, great beer prices, and great live music.I was in a band that played there a handful of times, it was always good fun... and I loved getting pierogies or haluski before the gig.Now we go just to enjoy the place & whatever else may be going on.
3	I've been here many times. Here are my overall pros and cons:(+). Good pierogies. Cooler of $1 beers every Thursday. At least one of the bartenders is very friendly and provides really good service. Outdoor seating can be fun in the summer(-). Above mentioned dollar beers are typically expired... most of the time this is ok, but I've gotten a few very disgusting drinks there before.. The more micro-type drafts are a little pricey and have been flat on a couple of occasions. I've only had good luck with one of the bartenders/servers. The men who I think are the owners are either clueless or rude whenever I go in there. I've been carded maybe 3 times before on the same night BY THE SAME PERSON!. Although the inside is a lot nicer since the renovation, I'm still not really so into the vibe.
5	the BBT is awesome because:- outdoor tables/jersey barrier where you can sit and people-watch on Liberty Ave- the pierogies rock- $1 beer night on Thursdays (so what if it might be expired?)- i met my husband there- people hang their single-speeds on the chain link fence
5	love the polish food.
4	Stopped by just after opening on a Wednesday evening (5 pm). Spent a while talking to the very friendly 2nd generations owner Steve and enjoyed a couple of beers and the excellent pierogis.  Friendly, dive-y place with good food and inexpensive beer.  I would go again.
5	One's Polish heart swells with pride at the sight of the huge Polish flag on the outside of the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern. And I'm proud to say that this restaurant is home to the best pierogies I've eaten so far. Perhaps it was the accompanying Tyskies (Polish beer. It's a Polish bar... come on!) I had that night causes my praise to be superfluous. But they were damn good!I split the famed Polish platter with my sister not knowing at the time that according to the lore of the bar such a thing is a sign of marriage. Thank God this place isn't located in West Virginia! The platter consists of the aforementioned stellar pierogies, haluski (stewed cabbage and noodles), kluski (noodles and cottage cheese), golabki (stuffed cabbage) and kielbasa (Polish sausage better than anything those Germans came up with - but I'm probably biased) all adorned with a little Polish flag.All were delicious - the golabki, surprisingly so - except for the haluski. I still can't get over the stewed cabbage. While the kitchen took its time filling our order, the barkeep was extremely friendly and determined to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. The interior is sparse and not as cool as the - and maybe I'm a nerd for saying this - crests of the cities and towns of Poland painted on a low wall in the parking lot. Overall, I will be making return trips each time I am in Pittsburgh. Bottom line: AMAZING pierogies.
3	The Polish food looked amazing, but I already was full from dinner. My favorite feature of the bar was the men's restroom, which is in the basement. The door opens directly to the toilet and has no lock. It makes for odd introductions.
4	Mmmmm, polish food and cheap beer... the stuff dreams are made of. I brought a group of people here to meet my Polish girlfriend (for the record she is from Chicago, not a mail-order from the motherland) and no one left disappointed. There were a number of pints on special that Saturday evening, the pierogis were pretty tasty, and the kielbasa was also quite good. One of the guys got non-Polish food - bbq wings I think - and said they were quite tasty. The only thing holding them back from 5 stars is that I felt that the amount of polish food I received for the price was a little disappointing, especially considering how tasty the food was and the estimated quantity of which I could've eaten. As we were leaving, a live band was setting up to play for the night, which I would've stuck around to hear if I wasn't in such a large group of people.Despite the price of food, I would definitely go back for more pierogis and undoubtedly return for more beer (that kind of goes without saying, but it is nice to drive home a point at the end of a review).
4	I happened into BBT on a rainy fall Thursday night. What a great coincidence. It was one of the best beer specials I've seen. $1.10 for any of the beers in the far cooler on the bottom two shelves (I believe). Not to mention the best pierogies on the serious cheap.The owner was behind the bar and spent the majority of our short visit talking to us about the bar, the beer, and the food. It was comfortable and very inviting. I will most definitely be taking friends and heading back often.
4	Why I love BBT1. Drum & Bass Hub... they had LTJ Bukem come. I'm sold.2. Dollar beer specials... (with some beers that go for $6 at sharp edge)3. Monday night quarter wings... jumbo wings. yum yumz!4. Polish food...the red plate! SO GOOD! (Pierogi, Kielbasa, Golabki, Haluski, and Kluski)This is the humblest of bars that peeks out at the the end of bloomfield bridge with little drawing your attention to it. The guys and gal who work the bar are soo so friendly and you've got your weird motley crowd that comes here that consist of many yinzers sprinkled with a few students now and again like myself. Food's great. Beer's great. People are swell!p.s. they have east end brewery on tap!
4	Dough and potatoes sauteed in butter, a dive bar with Iron City on tap, super friendly people -- this place might just represent all that is good and pure left in the world.  I haven't been able to pry myself away from the pierogies long enough to try everything else on the menu, which I intend to do before the Stillers knock on seven's door.  The happy hour is a great deal, with half off on pierogies and cheap rotating brews.  I'm not giving it four stars only because the deck and dining room aren't terribly well separated, so it's often a little tough to breathe inside.  Although, I'm sure a pierogi expert could comment on how the smoky air balances the pillowy texture of the delicate pierogies...
5	Loved this place!  Just tried it out for the first time last night.  I moved to put a few months back and no nothing of the town, travel weekly for business so I have tried my share of local taverns and this place is welcoming, fun and cozy.  The staff behind the bar consists of the owner, family and friends which makes for a great atmosphere.
4	I've been here a few times since moving to Pittsburgh last fall. Totally a dive bar and I love how unpretentious it is.The first time I had gone we were greeted by the bartender/owner? but then were apologized to for not having any pierogis. I guess they had ran out during a happy hour. Waitress came by and before she took our order said BBT was sorry that they no longer had pierogis but made some other recs. We were bummed about the pierogis but each ordered the kielbasa sandwich. And man o man the kielbasa arrived (though it took a while) and wow it was fantastic. Little crispy on the outside and some good flavor with the sauerkraut and mustard. On our way out, the bartender/owner again apologized for not having pierogis though told us to come back and I sure made a note to. You definitely feel at home being in place like BBT.I came back a second and third time to bring some out of towners and BBT did not disappoint again though this time they did not run out of pierogis. Red plate special along with some beer. I haven't had any thing but polish food at BBT though do not plan on deviating from it. The nights they have bands play are fun too.
4	I've been coming here for my Polish food fix for years. Pretty much everything on the polish part of the menu is good. Give me those perogies and the stuffed cabbage. Both are top notch. If you don't know what to get I suggest you try one of the Polish Platters which gives you a little portion of everything so you can find out what you like.  Perogies are half off from 5-7 everyday! I love to take my non-pittsburgh / non-polish friends here. Inside is pretty grungy, but in a good way. BBT even comes with one of those dungeon-like basement dive bar bathrooms. If the bar area is too grimy for your tastes, then feel free to take your food out to the deck area which is a great place to chill on warm summer nights. The owner is a Central Catholic guy, so mad props to that. In all seriousness he is a really nice guy and will chat with you for hours if you let him. Give BBT some credit for carrying East End Brewery on tap too!
4	Surprise, surprise...I think I may like pierogies. I wouldn't call myself a pierogi connoisseur and honestly I've never really enjoyed the pierogies I've had. I always thought, "What all the fuss about some dough stuffed with a bit of potato - or whatever they are stuffed with?!?!" Well now I know! Went to BBT with a fellow Yelper and we got a sampling of the pierogies (the potato and cheese and the sauerkraut, we opted not to get the cottage cheese). I was expecting to have a similar experience of all the other times I've had a pierogi, but to my pleasant surprise this was quite different. The potato and cheese pierogies are really stuffed with potato and cheese so it's not like your tasting alot of dough with some potato flavor. The sauerkraut wasn't too krauty if that makes sense - it was alot milder than I thought it was going to be, but this was fine by me. I like sauerkraut but I think the milder flavor suited the pierogi. Thank you BBT for introducing me to pierogies I actually like!
4	Dim lighting: check Regulars sitting at the bar: check Impossible to find parking lot: check Dingy basement bathroom: check Unbelievably good food: check The Bloomfield Bridge Tavern has all of the makings of a GOOD dive bar. There are divey bars that are dirty and gross where I would never dream of touching the food. And then there are the divey bars that are just grungy enough to give it character, and where you feel just brave enough to try the food, and you are so glad that you did! The BBT is definitely the good kind of dive bar. The food here was way way better than I expected. The Polish specialties are spot on. By far the best perogies I've ever had, and the stuffed cabbage was incredible as well. I'm not usually one for kielbasa, but here it is a different story. Normally its greasy and chewy, but somehow at the BBT it comes out perfectly charred and super tender. There is something very PITTSBURGH about the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern, and I will definitely be stopping back in the next time I'm in town.
4	Strange crowd, but good foodEat pierogies made by yourAncient Polish "Mom".(b)
3	Went for a Slim Cessna show and was pleasantly surprised, somehow I had never been here before.Specials included 1/2 off pierogies 5-7pm, $3 well vodka drinks 7-9 and $2.50 micro/import drafts 9-11. Yuengling is always $2.20. My favorite part of this was drinking East End Big Hop for $2.50 a pint for 2 hours.As for the space, it's a fairly cramped pittsburgh bar, and runs with the best of 'em. Very nice outdoor patio that's heated during the winter for the smokers. Scene was mostly middle-aged folk, I expected to see a younger crowd, but it could have been because of the music.With one bartender and one server (albeit both very friendly) service is painfully slow especially with loud music going on. That is my major critique, otherwise a good place for a show just make sure to bring some ear protection.I'll be back for the pierogies.
4	Fantastic local bar with well above "bar food" food!  As soon as I walked I could smell the sweet aroma of perogies (and NOT smoke!).  I knew I was in polish heaven!  Not only was the bartender extremely friendly, but so were all the patrons!  We even got a free drink from a happy patron (his b ball team won that night).  Score!I went in sorta hungry and sorta wanting to try the food everyone has been raving about, but not sure.  Well, I kept staring at the dudes stuffed cabbage next to me to the point that I was probably starting to make him feel awkward.  So I decided it was gonna happen.  I was gonna order me some polish food!  I had to do the whole shebang!  And seriously, $1.99 for each for stuffed cabbage (3 min) and $.99 for pierogies (3 min), how could I say no!  They have three different perogies, cheese and potato, sauerkraut and cottage cheese. You want to know the amazing thing?  Instead of having to order your choice in 3's, you can have one of each!  So I ordered them all, for the sake of trying, of course!  They were all delish, with my fav being a toss up b/n the tater and sauerkraut.  Wait, this is a bar?! Who cares about the beer when you can have excellent polish food!  Obviously you know where my heads at!  I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu.  They don't call it the "Polish Party House" for nothing.  Let the food party begin!
2	I was dazed from traveling and life and attempted to go to this bar. My non-Polish family nick named me the Polish Prince as a child and I used that as a boxing name and street moniker for many years after. I talked to a friendly couple outside who were there for the filming of Restaurant Impossible next door at Del's. I asked if dude was in there bench pressing. I had cup of coffee in hand. Opened door and hit doorman in elbow. He said "Hey you cant bring that in here." I said "It's just coffee." He said "Just drink it up." I said "Even if I'm Polish? He said "I understand you being Polish. Just finish it up." There was way too much coffee in that cup to do so. I said "Don't worry about it" and walked out. They should not be able to fly that proud eagle if you can't allow a fellow Polish brother into your little bar because he was carrying coffee. This changed my belief: I never thought I would meet a Polish person that I didn't really like. I will just eat my Mom's pierogies later this month at Christmas. They will taste better. I just went across the street for Thai food and had a great dinner with people who actually respected me.
5	I LOVE the BBT. I can't say that we go often, it's a bit out of the way for us, but every time I'm in the mood for something Polish this is where we go. The owner is a wonderfully nice man who could talk your hear off if he didn't have a million other customers. Remember, he has the second best Polish food you've ever had (right after your mom). I highly recommend trying the BBT! Ask if they are doing any sort of happy hour and try some Polish beer, you can't go wrong here!
4	Really excellent Polish food.   Everything is homemade and delicious.  The portions are generous.  There is a weekday special, 1/2 off Pierogies from 5pm-7pm.  The decor is nothing fancy, but this place is certainly unique.  There are bands that perform later on weekends and an open mic night on Tuesday, check the schedule. The outdoor seating is nice.
2	Went here and only stayed for two beers. Had a funny smell to it that didnt seem to go away. They had a bunch of weird $1 beer that we all considered trying but wussed out.
5	Ths place has ridiculous drink specials and their drum and bass wednesday is pretty awesome.  A selection of bottled beers are offered at a little more than a dollar each while the dj is on on wednesdays.  There is a very small cover charge for the dj at the door.  I got their polish platter for around ten bucks that has a little of pretty much everything they offer, the noodles were soggy and not very appetizing but my famished friend devoured them anyway.  They have specials on stuffed cabbage and perogies normally.  I got the red polish platter which had pierogi, kielbasa, golabki, haluski and kluski.  Its a pretty great place to just come and chill, listen to interesting music and eat some polish food.
3	The beers that they have on special are stored on in a separate cooler. I have never found anything I have actually enjoyed to drink on special here.  The staff is personalbe and a lot of my friends enjoy frequently this bar. In my circle it's referred to as BBT. I have had some good times, I just wish the beer that was on special was a little tastier.
5	The food here is great, the owner is friendly, and the beer is cheap ($1.10 bottle Thursdays).These are the best pierogies that I have found in Pittsburgh.  The Red or White plates come with other Polish sides, come with plenty of food, and are well priced.I've been back, and plan on going as much as I can while I'm in town.
2	What can I say, I *knew* this place was a dive bar before I decided to eat there so I don't know why I was so annoyed the duration of my stay.I got carded at the door.  I'm in my mid 30s, so I did not mind this at all.  The only thing is as soon as I get carded, I know I'm probably headed into a bar full of people I could have babysat.Not the case.  The patrons in the bar gave me the sense that this bar is where 'dreams go to die."  There was just something sad about the vibe.  I think it was the fact it was noon on a weekday and there were all these senior citizens at the bar.  No one was talking, and no one looked happy, and this may have been bc there wasn't a game on tv.  I dunno.We sat outside on the deck.  the atmosphere was as nice as atmosphere can be when you're sitting next to a major intersection and trucks are going by.  There were some potted plants, so that helped.  And the deck is screened in, so it helped keep road debris out.Our waitress looked like she'd been crying.  I felt really bad for her, and my friend asked me if we were in the 'twilight zone.'  this is when we made some hard decisions.  Do we leave, or do we just get shit faced drunk bc, you know, we're already here and all...  We stayed and got drunk, and ordered chicken strips.  They have a good variety of beers available and they're reasonably priced.We were wasted.  Then we asked if we could order food, and the waitress reminded us we'd alreayd ordered food.  This was an hour and a half later.  There's very little I care about when drunk so I asked, "Well, what's the status of the basket of chicken strips?"  The waitress teared up again and siad there was a 'melt down in the kitchen' and that she would 'do what she could' for us.Clearly there was also a melt down in the dining room.  Then, some random dude vomited right outside the bar, basically right in front of us.  This is when we left.  Given the ridic nature of my visit there, I am certain this had to be a very off night.  I'd urge you to go there and tip the waitress with the peach hair veyr, very well.  She's apparently going through a lot right now.
4	My wife and I came to this place when we first moved to Pittsburgh. It is kind of dark, and kind of dingy, but the owner was hilarious and friendly and served us personally. It was in the late afternoon, right after opening, so it was pretty laid back. The food was super good and cheap, and one of the few authentic Polish places we have found, and they had some good alcohol to serve as well. We weren't really there for the bar crowd, but if you want a good early dinner this is a nice, fun place.
5	My husband and I just came back from our first visit to the BBT. We will definitely be back. We went because we were enticed to try the half price pierogies, and they did not disappoint! Oh so soft pillows of goodness! We also tried the buffalo wings and the fresh cut fries. OMG! This was comfort bar food at its best. Our server was very friendly and helpful and made our visit very comfortable. Do yourself a favor and stop in at the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern...you will not be sorry.
4	Yummy pierogies and fries.  Hooray $1.10 beer!
4	This is a dive bar located on a busy intersection.  The interior is dark, the environment is sorta grungy.  But for what it is, it's superb.  It's not pretending to be something fancy.  BBT is true to it's core; Yinzer if you will.The bar food makes this place special: authentic Polish food at rock bottom prices.  The perogies were simply outstanding.  The Kalsuki was plentiful, but honestly, kind of bland.  I needed hot sauce to eat it.  Then again, that's probably the Brown in me speaking.Come here for a casual, relaxed vibe.  Enjoy the perogies; enjoy the view of Bloomfield.  Certainly a nice spot for people watching.
2	I'd really like to give this higher ratings, due the the $1.10 beers, decent bar food and friendly owner, but my last experience left a sour taste in my mouth.A group of friends and I were there on a Thursday in March, having a few beers and eating some Polish food at the bar. Now, if you haven't been here before they have 2 TVs behind the bar, about 15 feet apart from each other.It was like any other Thursday in March - cold and rainy, half empty bar - except it was the beginning of the NCAA basketball tournament. My friends and I were hoping to catch some of the games and we knew BBT would be a little iffy because the Penguins were playing (normal, regular season game), but we figured we'd ask the bartender if we could get a basketball game on one of the TVs. It couldn't hurt to ask, right? Wrong.The conversation, with the female bartender, went a little like this:Friend: "Excuse me, would it be possible to put the tournament on?"Bartender: "Don't you know the Pens are playing? Aren't you a Pens fan?"Friend: *looking down at his Phillies shirt* "No, I'm not from Pittsburgh."Bartender: "We can't change the channel. We have paying customers who will leave if we change the channel."Fair enough, we knew it might not happen. We even excused the bartender's terrible logic (inferring that we weren't paying customers; we certainly paid for our drinks and meals). And that was fine with us. We were perfectly content to continue hanging out and have a few more drinks before moving on.However, that was not possible as the bartender refused to serve us for the rest of our time there. No, it wasn't an honest mistake; she knew we had empty beers and were trying to order more, but every time she came close to us she dipped her head or averted her eyes. It was quite obvious. Eventually she had to come in front of where I was seated to make a drink for another customer, and that was when I was finally able to make eye contact to ask for another drink. She said OK and walked away, never to return.And that's when I decided never to return.No Ms. Bartender, what makes paying customers leave, contrary to your popular belief, is not changing a channel or the lack-thereof.  It's disrespecting them.
3	I guess the your opinion of the BBT is all about what you want. If you want to eat a meal and have a beer or two this place is fine, but the real attraction is Dollar Beer Night, on thursdays, where a selection of craft beer and some assorted lagers and domestics are on sale for 1.00+tax. The beer on Dollar Beer Night is... random. I have a feeling it is discount cases of beer or overstock. But that's not such a bad thing! I've had some really good beers that I never knew about! Arcadia Barlywine Ale was supurb, but that was the one time I found it. But most of the time it's kind of, well, the mediocre side of craft beer. But seriously, they're a dollar. I don't know anything about polish food really, but I know about a Kielbasa Sandwich, and theirs was damn good (damn good), but when I got it what I really ordered was their Sausage Sandwich, which was obviously similarly named, but on their menu and I normally want what I ordered. Stay away from the appetizers. The "Bridge Fries" are just microwaved fries with cheese on them. The fired mushrooms, cheese sticks and the rest of that sort of lot is always served very sparingly. The fried mushrooms are of the type that stay luke warm in the middle and hold water inside them, which is awful common, and I don't know what the difference is, but still very different than the ideal of a fried mushroom we all have in our head. There's nothing entirely bad about this lot, but nothing really good about it either. The atmosphere, well, it's okay. It doesn't really have anything to detract me from the place, especially on Dollar Beer Night, but again, there's nothing quite right and there's nothing quite wrong. Steve, the owner, just really doesn't seem to care much. His son provides service with a smile, and is probably good looking enough to keep a few women coming back, but isn't horribly engaging. The decor of the place is, non existent, I suppose you could say. The patio is nice. The inside is, well, I can't really think of anything to say about it. The bathrooms are proper dive bar, even though this place, to me, doesn't have dive bar cred. To me, this place doesn't have dive bar cred, except the dollar beers. The shots are 4.40 for well, yuenglings are 2.50, but that's not really rare. There isn't really anything amusing to keep me interested. There used to be pool in the basement, but now the pool table is covered with boxes of beer. BBT, you just need a little infusion. Just a little, but something. Let's put it this way, without the dollar beers, I don't come here, but see you on Dollar Beer Night.
3	Excellent local bar in a great location.  Enjoyed watching the sun set from their outdoor patio.  Best feature:  the Polish food.  Cabbage rolls are the best!
3	They get the extra star for the quirky fun staff, but the food is meh.  Best for a beer and appetizer, I wouldn't go here for a full on Polish meal.    It really does have a dive bar atmosphere, and they have a little outdoor section with one of those heater things for the colder months.  I don't really understand why this place gets such high ratings though, I certainly didn't find anything outstanding about the place other than the friendly staff.
4	Staff is great, food is great, outdoor seating is great. I love the Polish food here so much! I have never tried any of the other food, so I cannot say if anything else is good. I appreciate that they do not salt any of their food. Some people may complain that the food is bland. But really, just throw some salt and pepper on it, and it's ready to go. In fact, it's probably smart that they don't salt the food because then they would run the risk of having overly salty food. This way, the food is as good as you make it with seasoning. Yum PIEROGIES!
4	First off, the BBT is a great place to see a gig. The stage is small which leads to a very intimate experience. I've seen a band invite the crowd up on stage for a song which is as close as the audience can get. In between sets, you can go outside on the netted patio for a smoke or some air.Beer-wise, they have about eight drafts on tap featuring a couple of regional staples and a few craft options.The food menu is what makes the BBT a great night spot. They have a polish section featuring every Eastern European's favorite junk food: pierogies and kielbasa.
1	My experience at BBT was horrible. The man at the door carded both my grand daughter and me. I am over 65. He would not let us enter until I showed ID. Very dark and dingy bar area. Locals at bar were starring at us. We decided to eat on patio that was screened in.  Waitress slapped down menus. Not pleasant. We ordered.  I wanted to substitute potato pancakes for the fries that came with my meal. Was told NO  SUBSTITUTES.   Took way too long for food. Grand daughter asked for refill on her soft drink and was charged for a second drink. Not a good experience.  Will NOT be going back.
3	Came here with a group to celebrate two birthdays. The space on the porch was great for a group. Pierogies were good. Beer was good and nicely priced. Sadly, the band canceled for this particular saturday which left us with ...silence. The bar wouldn't play anything unless we paid $1/song at the jukebox. Paying for the jukebox should get you the privilege of hearing the song you want, not the privilege of hearing any song at all. Also, apparently they have a policy to make people buy bottled water instead of giving tap water. I'm not ok with this. What if someone wants to sober up so they can drive home? or if the designated driver wants to stay sober?  You should not have to pay for water at a bar. Note - this place is very strict about having the proper ID - it must be either a passport or a US driver's license. I was with a number of international students and they tried to show student IDs (that included birth dates on them). Not acceptable. come prepared or you will be turned away at the door.
4	I'm not much for Polish food,but their pierogi is really good as is their haluski, kiebasa, and stuffed cabbage. I also like their mac n cheese bites. The sour duck's blood soup (forget the name) was interesting.  The decor is a little worn and could use some TLC. The owner, Steve, is supernice and will talk your ear off if they're slow like they were when we went in. Recommended. Very cheap too. A big plate of food was just 10 bux.
4	I've been here on loud nights to see shows. I've been here on quiet nights to eat solo. Overall, I really like the BBT. The Polish food is the best I can find in the neighborhood and that's mainly what keeps me coming back.Pro-Tip: Unless you're a college kid, don't be fooled by the $1 beer specials. The beer is "slightly" skunked.
4	I'm a fan of this place.  I've only been here on quiet, slow nights (never when there's been music).  The beer selection is decent, not great, but also not overpriced.  The Polish food is great (and I'm Polish), and the owner Steve is super-friendly.  He'll sit and chat with you all night if it's slow enough and you're in a talkative mood.  As far as I can tell, it's a generally laid-back place with a relaxed atmosphere.  That's not always what you're looking for, but when it is this is a great place to go.  Added bonus: As a non-smoker, I appreciate that I can go to BBT for a few beers and not leave stinking of smoke.
5	Best polish food in Pittsburgh Hands down. Get the white platter. The pirogues are made by the bouncer's aunt. It is a chill bar where everyone is friendly that does not mean they aren't feisty. Beer gets cheaper as it gets later.
3	I would just rate this place as ok- it's serviceable for a pretty good night. I've been here a couple of times for drinks and also a couple of times to see a local band that I like play. There was nothing particularly good or bad about this place, except my group and I did get kicked out of it once. I organized a 9 hole golf pub crawl where we traveled down Liberty to 9 different bars for a drink at each place. We stopped inside BBT, and the bartender refused to support a night where we were stopping by that many places- so he refused to serve us and asked us to leave. No problem, they just lost a ton of service and my business!
5	I love this place.  It's a little odd, but the food is as good as you can get anywhere, and the people are friendly.  I visit every single time I'm in town.
4	Bloomfield Bridge has excellent Polish food. Everything Polish there is amazing. The Polish Platters are typically what I get. I like variety.The beer selection is good. I highly recommend Thursday nights if you want to experiment since they have a nice bottle selection.I typically go for dinner.As a warning, the place is very dive bar looking. You would just assume they only have a deep fry in the back and questionable bar staples.  Best Polish good in the city.
1	Gave it a try based on the reviews.  Unfortunately the food was very disappointing.  The food was not close to authentic Polish food.  The Kielbasa in particular was very bad and the potato pancakes dreadful. I will say I am of Eastern European descent and have traveled throughout the region so my standard is probably very different than most....and to top it off you had to pay extra for a soft drink refill.  I just find that irritating.
5	If you live in Pittsburgh, then this is a must visit site! If you like Polish food, then this is a must visit site.  If you are just visiting Pittsburgh, then this is a must visit site.The Polish food is fantastic!  The Owner is is the most hospitable guy out there.  Come in, order a meal and enjoy true ethnic Pittsburgh hospitality!You will be made to feel at home and welcomed.  I had met a guy while traveling on an airplane who sang the praises of the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern.  He peaked my interest and one visit and I was sold.  This is a wonderful restaurant with more character then you could imagine.
5	I have lived by the BBT for almost a year now, but haven't found the time to go until yesterday. The staff were incredibly friendly and committed to guests having a great experience.  The kielbasa was great and they had the best hand made perogies I've ever had. Add on imported Polish beer and it made for a great night. Will definitely be going  back.
5	This place is the tops. I heartily agree, if you are visiting Steel Town (as we were), and especially if you live somewhere lacking in old world ethnic influence (as we do), just get here.  You will love it. Such a warm and welcoming atmosphere! We felt like it was our place within moments of arrival. I never did catch the owner's name but he was such a great character, a totally perfect barkeep for a totally Polish neighborhood joint with totally excellent comfort food!It's a small place but you can feel free to drag the available tables and chairs to suit your group. We ate at the bar which was just fine. This is a small place, and it's a one man kitchen so don't be looking for fast food here! Ours came out pretty quick anyway. The Polish platter (red) was the obvious choice and I ate every bite. Oh heavenly pierogi, delectable and hearty stuffed cabbage roll, warm and wonderful noodles, and.... the kielbasa.  The five-star kielbasa.I have to mention that my husband, who is 100% Polish and has many, many decades of experience to draw upon, stated for the record that BBT's kielbasa was the BEST kielbasa he had EVER eaten. And that's saying a lot.They've a nice smoking deck, toasty warm and comfy.  Kickin' Polish beers available, as well as wondrous blackberry brandy designed for sipping, not slamming.  By the benevolent hand of fate I was the 1,000,000th customer and our host provided a round of that cheering spirit in celebration. I hated to leave. But vow to return.
