3	Osso is located in the NC Music Factory, between Bask On Seaboard and Butter.I really like the decor of this place. It reminds me of lounges you'd come across on the left coast. (Hopefully faux) animal hide on the ceiling and walls, slick hardwood floors, large framed mirrors on the walls, plush leather L-shape sofas in the corners, and  ambient lighting that goes from dim to dimmer to almost totally dark as the night progresses. The cuisine is Italian. I had the roasted pear salad. It was fresh, on the small side, and crisp. My table ordered the calamari (a friend said "it tastes like it was frozen and then deep fried real quick"), the cheese plate (impressive selection of cheese but a bit pricey at $6.95 per block of cheese albeit served w an amazing fruit jam concoction made in house), and 2-3 meat dishes. *All were presented beautifully but in small portions that to a non-carnivore like myself did not seem worth the $19+ price tag.Music was great. I wanted to get up and dance a few times. Lady at a few tables over did just that. She definitely had a few glasses of champagne (given to you upon entrance as tonight was their sneak peek launch party). The wine and cocktail menu could definitely use an upgrade. It looked like someone printed them out on an HP printer at their house using a tiny font so all the text could fit on the parchment paper. Some of the wine selections stood out and pleasantly surprised me but as far as the cocktails go: $10-$14 for a martini? No thanks, you guys don't even have Stoli or Ketel One vodka.For qualitative purposes I'll go back to check out this spot in the near future.
4	The boyfriend and I came here for Restaurant Week and the food was magnificent!  While we were seated right outside the kitchen, and though the foot traffic behind our table was rather annoying, the food made up for the inconvenience.The food breakdown:1) Roasted Pear, Radicchio, and Hazelnut Salad- while the portion is small, this salad plate was bursting with flavor.  The roasted hazelnut really added shazam to this dish.  However, I wasn't too fond of the pear itself- it almost tasted like canned pear.2) Cheese platter- we got the parmesan, taleggio, and gorgonzola.  While they were all fresh with your typical jam/nut/toast pairing, we liked the gorgonzola the best!  3) Mushroom Risotto- what a dish of buttery goodness!  I think this should be incorporated into everyone's daily staple.4) "Osso" Bucco- the pork fell off the bone and the ravioli and onions really made the whole meal come together.  This dish was absolutely wonderful and I would recommend it to everyone who comes here.  We ended up asking for more break to soak up the last bits of sauce.  This entree is good beyond etiquette.5) Gianduja Chocolate bread pudding- you can never go wrong with bread pudding.  This dessert was topped with hazelnut ice cream and crumbs of hazelnut.  Magnifico!The decor is definitely worthy of discussion as well.  The cowhide was spread thoughtfully across the restaurant, bringing together the entire "Osso" feeling.  Everything was bold but nothing was overbearing.  With clean restrooms, a sanitation score of 98%, a responsive wait-staff, and wonderful food- this place is a must go for all Charlotteans!
4	Thanks to Restaurant Week the girlfriend and I got the opportunity to try out this new place in the NC Music Factory.  The obvious appeal was the super sexy feel of this place.  Very dark wood paneling on the walls and white accents in the form of slinky pillars and columns.  Large artwork on the walls and wall covering in the form of animal print.  Super cool!  Oh and I can't forget about the comfort of the chairs.  Padded leather makes me happy :)Dinner entree was the Osso Bucco for me and I was immediately impressed when I picked the bone up and all the pork meat just fell off.  Great portion size as well for this dish.  You won't go hungry ordering this.Service was great all the way from the host seating us to the server at the table.  Complete and accommodating.Couple notes, they have a DJ nightly which is a bonus in my opinion but they were quick to mention there is a 2 hour limit to the table seating.  I imagine that this is to keep people from just hanging out forever.  It might even be only during restaurant week.
3	Went here for Restaurant week and was so pleased!  The decor is so super chic with the leather chairs and the gorgeous artwork.  There is a super cool gas fire place display in the  middle of the dining room adding a nice flair to the room.  The location is perfect in the heart of the NC Music Factory.  The do valet here during popular times but parking isn't bad nearby.  They have a nice outdoor patio that is going to be awesome in the summer!  Super cool chairs and cozy tables.  It will be a great place to people-watch.I had for an appetizer the lobster spread which came on delicious toasted bread.  I was literally full after eating most of my app - it was so much food.  The lobster spread is addictive and light.  Yum!For dinner I had the sea bass over pumpkin-lobster orzo.  The orzo was fantastic with huge pieces of lobster.  The sea bass was 'meh', very thin and tasteless.  Overall tho the orzo carried the dish and it was very good.The bar is super sexy located at the entrance of the dining room.  Dark and romantic - a great place to have a drink!  We will definitely be back!
1	Chew Carefully!I attended Osso with a large group (15) for restaurant week. The atmosphere is laid back and very hip. The service was great, for the most part, other than taking about 20 minutes to get the checks. The food, overall, was great. I had the meatballs and the pork osso bucco, which were awesome. My girlfriend's risotto was way under cooked, but her sea bass was good. And then dessert came... A member of our party ordered the lava cake. Inside of the lava cake was metal ring, about like a key ring! The manager brought over another dessert for that person and apologized. They did not offer to comp his meal, his drinks, or anything. This guy could have choked on the metal ring and they can't offer him a $30 meal for free? Despite how good most things were at this place, I won't be going back and recommend that you chew carefully if you decide to as well.
4	Osso surprised us. We expected the place to be chic, modern and "bumpin" with the uhmm che uhmm che, which it was. However we expected it to be more separated between the lounge and the restaurant and more spacious. But smaller restaurants are more easily successful, so I'm not complaining. We also expected more italian menu, but it was more fusion.We also went to restaurant week which is funny, because there are always people in restaurants who clearly don't usually go out to places like that and there was a cute older 60s couple gracefully putting up with the loud music and buttcheek fan blades (you'll see).  My app of the blue crab on crostini was absolutely delicious- the highlight of the meal.  Hubs had a risotto with short rib; a combo I wasn't a fan of nor the properly cooked al dente risotto (we're just accustomed to softer creamier risotto), though hubs liked it fine.  We then had our entrees- sea bass with pumpkin lobster orzo which Melissa clearly liked but I thought was a swing and a miss. Tim had the osso pork shank which was OK, not great, as was the case with the lava cake. I've had better at home.  However, my hazelnut bread pudding was inventive and delicious. Imagine the inside of a Belgian (hazelnut) praline in a bread pudding format. However, hubs didn't care for it.  One odd note; our waiter was nice enough to let us taste a wine before we ordered a bottle and it tasted nothing like the opened version.The good service and environment definitely raises it a star for me, though I still prefer the food next door at Bask better.
4	I live about two miles from the NC Music factory and I've been there for a few concerts, but I've never stayed after the concerts to check out the restaurants.A few friends and I went to the "Factory" Sunday night for a few cocktails and a bite to eat and decided to check out Osso. It was a really beautiful restaurant, completely unique, I kept finding different things to look at the whole time we were there.The food was very good and not as expensive as you would think. We had the blue crab appetizer,AWESOME and the cured meat assortment it was also great. I had to have the homemade Gnocchi and I'm glad that I tried it, the gnocchi was smaller than I'm used to but had great flavor and the sauce was perfect.I will return to Osso in the future as the service was good, the waitress showed us just enough attention but, wasn't overbearing and all over us. I'm going to have to factor in dining at the "Factory" when I visit for concerts and also check out the other restaurant "Bask on Seaboard" as well.
2	I'll start with a disclaimer: Our reservation was very early (5:15) so this might not be the normal experience. We typically don't eat that early but, it was all they had open and we'd been wanting to try this place. They called the day of to verify we were still on and I asked again if there was anything available later, there wasn't. We figured this was plausible as the restaurant was just featured on a tv show.We showed up and were one of 2 occupied tables. We tried to kill a bit of time between the appetizers and ordering our mains but felt a bit rushed. In the waiters defense we were his only table so, I'm sure he didn't realize he was stopping by so frequently. By the time we left around 7:30 (still early for a place like this I imagine) the place was still 3/4 empty. Seems odd to have that many "cancellations" on a Saturday night and was a bit of a turnoff that we ate so early we needed to get a pizza later that night.Anyway, the food was good. I had the wild boar, my wife had gnocchi both were good. The crustini appetizer was excellent.I'm not sure the food is really the focus as it seems more to be about the interior design, music and atmosphere but, it definitely was better than your average restaurant and has some interesting items on the menu.
3	If I could give 1/2 stars, this would 3 1/2 stars. We went to Osso with a friend last night and had a good time. We started with the margharita pizza to share as an appetizer.  I thought the pizza was quite tasty and had a good crust. For our entrees, our friend ordered the osso buco, David ordered the lasagna bolonese, and I went with the orecchiette with house made duck sausage and rapini.  Paul and David were happy with their food. Unfortunately, mine was not so great. I found the dish to be much too salty and thought that the overall flavor profile was not balanced. I would eat here again, but I would not order this dish again. But, what saved this experience for me was the service.  I was impressed that the manager and our server went out of their way to try to make me happy when they could tell that I clearly did not care for the dish I ordered.  This restuarant is not for everyone, but if you are looking for a trendy, funky, modern atmosphere with some solid Italian-inspired dishes, this is a good choice.
2	We went back to Osso last night.  We were meeting friends who had reserved a table out on the patio so that we could listen to the Friday Live concert.  Sadly, for this visit, the service really suffered which is why I have down-graded it to 2 stars. We arrived around 8:30 and it took around 30 minutes before we got drinks.  But worse was that our entrees didn't come out until 10. They were busy, but still that was really disappointing.  By the time our food came out, we were hungry enough to eat our shoes. This time, I tried the ravioli.  It was a simple cheese ravioli with a simple but fresh tomato sauce. It was much better the dish I had on my last visit, but it really wasn't anything special. The dish was reasonably priced at $13.95.One person in our party got a salad with chicken. The salad was $6.95 and to add chicken breast was another $6.95.  The salad looked good, but not sure if it was worth $14.  Another person in our party ordered the steak.  He said it was pretty good, but not worth the $32 price point. Unfortunately, many of the items on their menu include pork or red meat.  Since their menu is fairly limited, there aren't a lot of reasonably priced choices for for someone who doesn't eat meat or for those who have problems with gluten. Next time we go down to the NC Music Factory, I think I'll skip Osso and try one of the other restaurants.
3	So my usual suspects & I (Dion L., Katie M., & Simone M.) headed out to Osso on a Saturday night.  I had made reservations via Open Table & was happy in doing so, considering Saturday nights could be busy.I got there about 6:55 PM & was shocked to see only one table being used by a group of 7 ladies.  However, I was even more shocked to see how small the restaurant is! They do have a small patio out front; however, it faces a small parking lot & other venues. The decor is pretty fancy, but they have no real theme going on. I was a bit confused by what exactly they're going for. I did appreciate the house music mix playing overhead...it wasn't too loud or too soft. Luckily, they allowed me to go ahead & be seated, while I waited for the girls to show up. I browsed the menu (which I had already done online), which is very limited as far as food offerings.  The drink/wine menu on the other hand, overflowed with options. My girls showed up & Dion, Simone ordered martinis (which run anywhere from $10 - $14), while Katie went with a Caipirinha . I went with the upside down pineapple cake martini - which to my expectations, tasted like the cake! We decided to order appetizers: blue crab & ricotta crustini, meatballs, & a special appetizer of locally grown cantaloupe & honeydew melon with prosciutto. While we were waiting for our appetizers, one of the waiters picked up a table over his head & hit the chandelier above our table, sending shards of glass on the floor. Luckily we weren't harmed; but decided that we needed new drinks, just in case any glass landed in the glasses.  The manager came over & apologized & gave us new drinks (on the house). Naturally, we were expecting maybe a discount on our bill, but sadly, we didn't get that.The appetizers arrived all at once.  I have to say my favorite was the melon & prosciutto plate.  The melons were indeed fresh & tasted sweet. The prosciutto wasn't "fatty" & wasn't too salty. I did not try the meatballs, but the girls said they were good. The blue crab & risotto was just OK. I didn't taste anything spectacular with it.For my meal, I decided one of the specials: a ghost chili pepperoni pizza. When it arrived, it was almost the size of a medium pizza that you would get at say Pizza Hut or Domino's.  For $11.95, I was happy about the portion. The pizza also had fresh mozzarella, green olives, & red onion slices. The pizza was ok, I've definitely had better. I did eat the majority of it, but three pieces went home with Katie.Our waitress was very nice & friendly & very knowledgeable about the menu. She came to check on us regularly & between her & other wait staff, our water glasses stayed full. During our time there, the restaurant got packed - which again, isn't saying much, since the space is so small. For what it is, the menu is quite overpriced & the food is just OK. After all was said & done, we decided this would be a good spot for "drinks only".
4	Delicious food - every single bite of the following dishes were GREAT: ~ meatball pizza~ focaccia bread ~ wild boar and polenta entree ~ Salmon and risotto~ Ravioli and osso bucco ~ hazelnut gelato dessert Great location for going to butter, VBGB, Fillmore, etc. at the NC music factory. $5 valet right in front Nicely decorated. I would definitely return for a very well done Italian meal. Although, they did make us wait a VERY long time for our table, at least 30 minutes past our reservation time.
3	The food was above average. I was impressed with the serving sizes, because often times you sacrifice a decent portion for quality. The Osso Bucco was very moist and tasty. Chocolate lava cake was also good, but I think it could've been premade. The ambiance was really unique. But I must say for a small intimate setting the customer service was lacking. It took over 2 hours for us to finish dinner (from the drink order to the check). That is pretty inexcusable. I understand that it is a fairly new establishment and people are still finding their grooves, but 2 hours for a casual dinner (on a Monday night) was too much.
4	Husband has been chomping at the bit to go here.  Finally got a chance to go with another couple.  We went on a Friday night and they had been very busy because of a concert that was being held at one of the other venues.  They couldn't find our reservation but had us seated within 20 minutes.  The bar and restaurant is very cool.   Has a very cosmopolitan feel.  Definetly a place to go again.  Our food was very good.  I had their mussels dish and I would definitely have that again, but will try something else.  We were told that they move the tables after the dinner crowd and there is dancing - they have a DJ.  Unfortunately, we had to leave before the dancing started.  We will be going again and will give a more in-depth food review.
5	This place was FANTASTIC!My fiance took me there for my 25th birthday and everything was wonderful.The servers were attentive without being intrusive. The food was perfectly prepared.The valet out front was nice, just make sure you have cash on you!The interior design is very funky and edgy.Reasonable prices on bottles of wine.We had a truly wonderful experience and can't wait to go back again!
4	The food was good the place has a lounge area bar , and patio. The decor is pretty eclectic . The service was great. This is a keeper would go back again we had a good time.
1	Gnocci was drenched in chicken stock, impossible to taste anything else except the underdone peas in the dish.  The gnocci was overcooked and awful and the chicken stock overpowered the crab that was supposed to be the heart of the dish - I couldn't even tell it was there.  My fiance's lobster bolognese was a little better - the sauce was mediocre bordering on not bad, but the lobster was overcooked.  Avoid this restaurant - the prices are ridiculous for the level of food they are serving.
3	I came to Osso with a friend for the after-hours atmosphere and had drinks only. I was a little surprised to see the bouncer smoking a cigarette as it seemed like a nice/classy place and that just didn't seem very professional. I will say he was extremely friendly and talkative. Inside was really nice and it definitely had a fun-lively entertainer (a man playing some serious bongos along with a track). It evoked kind of a Latin-vibe but this could have been the musics doing. This definitely is a place that attracts women wearing their tightest dress and biggest heels on a Wednesday night... hey mamas gotta pay the bills I suppose. That part was a little weird. I will say the music was cool so that alone earned a few stars. As far as a bar  It wasn't my cup of tea, but I save my 3inch stilettos for Vegas. That being said, I'll come back during dining hours and update based on the food rather than bar atmosphere.
4	Great Osso bucco.  Date night with the wife.  They were suppose to have a DJ later but we didn't stay long enough to see him.
1	Where to begin....I called Osso Wednesday to reserve a table for 14 for a surprise 40th birthday party at 8pm. Your hostess asked if we minded being on the patio and I agreed since she assured me there was heat and it was very "cozy". Upon arrival at 7:30 your bartender took an average of 17-20 minutes to make one drink so we were all rushing before the birthday man arrived. I gave a large cake and candles i had ordered and brought in myself, I told the hostess and waiter i would pay the came fee if they could please bring it out later after dinner. We were then seated outside directly next to a speaker due to a live band performing outside. It was so extremely loud that we couldn't even hear ourselves speak. I asked to talk to the manager and without apology was told there was nothing he could do. Had I known there was this band I never would have agreed to sit outside. Around 9:00 pm we were FINALLY moved inside. A good manager would have had appetizers on the house waiting for us since we were all starving but you don't have a good manager, so we waited another 25 min to order. The food arrived around 10:15-10:30 after 1/2 the party had walked out in frustration and anger.The Walt staff then brought out a single piece of your own restaurants dessert with one of the candles I brought in it! They said they "forgot the cake". I was literally in tears after this. I had friends fly in from las Vegas and Miami for the night for this party and it was ruined. Osso showed nothing but unprofessionalism, disrespect, and poor lack of management. I will never be returning, along with all my guests and everyone that wants to know what Osso is all about.Sent from my iPhone
4	Review from Restaurant perspective, not as bar/club!Lots of mixed reviews here.  2 reasons, as far as I can see.  First of all, some are reviews about the bar/club atmosphere.  Second, some people don't understand fine dining, which is understandable since this area doesn't really have much in terms of restaurant sophistication.  Ambiance is fantastic.  It is contemporary and very romantic but not stuffy at all.  Service is excellent.  I am extremely hard on wait staff when judging a restaurant and they were just great.  They are attentive, friendly, and knowledgable. The food here is great.  Some items are indeed expensive but don't confuse this with overpriced.  Good food and a nice presentation costs more than a cookout tray at the drive thru.  I would say that dessert is the weak point.  Pumpkin tart was good but nothing I jumped out of my seat about and the pistachio semifreddo was good but again, nothing extraordinary.  For 7.95 each, that is ok though.  Some places charges over $10 a dessert and that is when I expect something exceptional.  Recap:  great place for a date and offers a wide variety of food.
4	Went on a Saturday evening and the place was packed to the hilt. Beautiful lighting, more of a South Beach feel than one of a regular Southern city. The food- smaller portions than most places in the area but it goes along with the "sexy" not satiated looking vibe of the venue. Gets pretty loud at Osso after 9pm because a DJ plays, so don't expect a quiet dinner if you come later in the evening. That wasn't a problem for me because the DJ added an unusual element to my experience- this isn't just some run of the mill, overpriced, underhwelming spot in Charlotte. The staff is very attractive and classy...great for a night on the town.
3	Went to Osso during restaurant week. Loved the atmosphere and had great service. The crab crostini, arancini, and pistachio semifreddo were awesome. The fig crostada was OK, but the lava cake was sub par. The crab and gnocchi entree was disappointing--it reminded me of bland tuna noodle casserole. A friend ordered the Osso bucco and raved about the flavor and tenderness of the meat.
4	I feel like I was maybe the last person in Charlotte to visit this restaurant/bar! I wish I had gone sooner. I expected it to be larger in there. I would say it is half bar and half restaurant. It is pretty swanky in there and has a nice little bar. I think Wednesday night they might "night club" it up so you can dance the night away. I went for dinner on a weekend and had the linguini with seafood with a couple glasses of wine and could not have been happier.
2	Food was excellent. Price is high but not overpriced. Presentation was outstanding. Wines were in fact overpriced. A restaurant of this quality should know better than to serve a bottle of wine that Harris Teeter carries for 20 and try and sell for 45. A bottle of Merlot for 40??? It's merlot! Come on guys get your act together!Service was very good once we we actually waited on. 7 minutes from the time we sat down. There were only 2 tables in the place that had customers. No excuse for that! The decor was great, the only complaint would be the floors were so sick my chair was constantly sliding thought the night. Very odd that a place would miss out on a detail like that. Overall for $100 for 2 there are too many other choices in Charlotte.
5	Went on Friday night for restaurant week. I thought the food was delicious. The Pistachio Semifreddo may be one of the best desserts I have ever had. I'll definitely head back here for a non restaurant week meal.
1	My husband and I went on a date here Atmosphere was fantastic the food was not.  We ordered the calamari appetizer that was so so. I had the osso bucco he had lasagna. Both tasted like they had been previously cooked and then microwaved. Would be a great place to go for drinks but we won't be eating here again. It was too expensive for the food to taste like that.
5	I'm so in love this place. Great environment, Great people and the music is on point. If you love Osso, then you will love their other restaurant uptown called "Blue" on College Street. Enjoy!
4	New to the Charlotte area and i was beyond impressed with the restaurant super service and a great wine selection! I do agree its a little spendy however for a nice night out on the town its a great spot!!!
2	Meh.  Just meh.  Stopped in here to get out of the heat while checking out the local art festival.  To be fair, they are only usually open at night, but they opened for lunch with a limited pizza menu and drinks.  I was happy to get out of the hot weather, but wish I went somewhere else to eat.  Their sirloin and gorgonzola pizza was OK, but nothing to call home for.  They put the wrong drink specials up on their board outside and wouldn't honor them, so we just kept to water since their prices were nightclub prices for 2pm on a Saturday afternoon.The service was pretty slow considering there was literally seven people total to serve.  I wouldn't go back, but I'll admit the decor was nice.  i could see it being a nice lounge spot at night.
2	Was very disappointed.  Had a coupon from buying season tickets to Blumenthal to Osso.  Service was terrible, seats uncomfortable, drinks terrible (Bartender), but the food was good.  Also, no parking if there is anything going on at the Music Factory complex.  If they have more than one event going on, in combo with VCBG, put your walking shoes on.  I would much rather drink good beer and have good food at VCBG than go back to Osso.  Don't think they are going to be around much longer....
3	I love the atmosphere here: Hollywood chic meets an upscale ski resort. It's beautiful!We had the Lobster, ricotta and spinach Crostini as an appetizer. It was very good. For dinner, I had the small Seafood Linguini (which was a generous size) and my friend had the Pork Milanese. We both enjoyed the entrees, but the best part of the meal was the dessert. We had the Pistachio Semifreddo: a Gianduja brownie topped with pistachio ice cream and huckleberry jam. It was excellent: simple but delicious. The more I ate, the more I wanted. There's also a nice patio for outdoor dinning. I like coming here before heading to a concert or comedy show at the NC Music Factory. I wish I could assign this place three and a half stars. It's better than a three, but the entree was average so I can't give it a four. I definitely recommend this place if you're in the area. Overall, it's a solid spot.
4	Lobster ricotta spinach crostini is delicious the muscles were a tad bit fishy so perhaps not that fresh the bibb salad is a nice twist on Cesar if you leave out the Gorgonzola.  And the fresh mozzarella on the Caprese is outstanding
2	I appreciate the attention to detail that Osso put into the decorations at the restaurant. It's absolutely beautiful inside. However, the food and service here just didn't do it for me. My friend was visiting from out of town and we stopped here for dinner and drinks. We arrived pretty early and there were plenty of open tables but apparently you need a reservation to get a table...no problem so we just sat at the bar. The drink menu is not extensive but they have a full bar and a decent selection of martinis. I ordered the Bikini Martini. It was good, not great. It's a mix of pineapple, coconut and grenadine...sounds super yummy. But it was not...(that's just my opinion) I finished it but I would not order it again. For the meal, I went with the chicken, spinach and mascarpone ravioli. I ordered the small portion thinking it would be more than enough but I was mistaken. The plate came out with three pieces of ravioli in the parmesan cream sauce sauce. I didn't enjoy it. And I was really underwhelmed with the presentation and after a few bites it was back to Yelp to search for another spot to eat because I was still really hungry. Also the service was lacking. It wasn't that busy but after we ordered there were a few other guest that came in and ordered and got their food before we did...what's up with that?!? As we were wrapping up we felt rushed along...apparently there was an event there later that evening that they were setting up for...So it just seemed like we were in the way. Ugh. All in all, for the price and location I expected better. I'm not sure I'd go back.
5	Food and ambiance were excellent. The antipasti platter is a MUST!!  Enough for 2.  Entrees were very reasonably priced. May be my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Will not go wrong with cannoli for dessert. A must try for anyone. Already making plans to go back with friends.
3	When we arrived, there was not one person in the restaurant - not at the bar, not anywhere in sight. (7: 00 Monday night).  We waited 10 minutes for the maitre d' to appear and then he was not very cordial. Strange beginning but from then on the evening went well.Beautiful restaurant but not enough privacy . Tables are close together.  But, the meal and service was very good. Fish was excellent. Did not care for the bread that was served with the meal (focaccia).  It didn't go well with dipping oil in my opinion.
2	Love the decor and the atmosphere is fun. Definitely not a date spot, better for a group. The food is just ok, barely. Do not come here expecting memorable food. Drinks / wine are pricey as well. Unfortunately it is probably your best bet for dining in the Music Factory area.
4	Lasagna is the best I've probably ever had. No others in my group were thoroughly impressed with their choices, however, such as the lobster spaghetti (not enough sauce) or ravioli. Cosmo was yummy!
4	Impressive!!I went to Osso on NYE with a group of friends, and I'll admit I went in with pretty low expectations. I had looked at their menu online, and everything sounded so nice and fancy... & from past experience, the fancier the food sounds, the less impressive it is, so I wasn't expecting too much from my dinner.While the place was packed and the staff was somewhat overwhelmed and disorganized, the food was absolutely fantastic! It was so great, that it even made up for the fact that they ran out of lobster and their nutella cheesecake!I started with the spinach salad, which was basically a plate full of nothing but baby spinach and two little pieces of mandarin oranges, but the most delicious citrus balsamic dressing. I'm almost glad there weren't any other distracting elements in the salad. While it looked boring, it tasted the complete opposite of that. For my main course I went with a pistachio crusted salmon and pumpkin orzo - also very yummy. The salmon was cooked perfectly, and so was the orzo. I ended my meal with their chocolate lava cake, which was divine! I also stole a couple bites from my husband's appetizer plate of fried calamari, shrimp, scallops and olives as well as his entree - the "Osso" Buco which was a slow roasted pork shank with three cheese ravioli, cremini mushrooms and cipollini onions - both dishes, were delightful. The ambiance at Osso is very chic and it's a great place for a Friday / Saturday night dinner either for a large group, or even perhaps a date! I'm looking forward to going back there in the near future :)
4	We went New Years Eve. Got in about an hour before our reservations. Sat at the bar for a while, bartenders were slammed but funny and talkative with everyone waiting. Got to our table early, and had a great night. Christian, our server, dude, you are a ROCK STAR!! GREAT service, fun place....My date had eaten here about a year ago and raved about the tortellini which was not on the set New Years menu. They made it for her anyway.. packed house, crazy nite, line out the door, and they let us go 'off menu'.. unreal.. We had a little snafu when courses 1,2,3 came out 2,1,3, but Kim got her tortellini and thats honestly the only reason we went.. GREAT GREAT GREAT job to everyone there. Happy New Years and we will be back!!!!!
5	I went for my bday and had a great time! The ambiance is fabulo use and sexy. The outdoor space is just as nice as the inside. The food was delicious. We really enjoyed the meatball appetizer and the calamari appetizer with peppers and shrimp. For an entree I would recommend the lasagna. The pizzas are very good as well.
3	I got to try Osso for the first time tonight. It has a very loungey feel and I love the decor of the place. Very artsy. We got the calamari for an appetizer; not the best I've had but it was good with their sauce. After we ordered our food, it must have been at least an hour for our food to come out. We even had to ask our server to bring some bread out to the table as we were starving so you could say the service was lacking. At least he did a decent job keeping our drinks full but he could at least keep us in the loop about the food. I ordered the Beef Shortribs with sweet potato mash. I think it was an average dish...the beef was somewhat fork tender but not as flavorful as I would like and the sweet potato didn't add much to the dish. Now their pistachio semifreedo was really good. All their desserts are made in-house and you can tell. It was a brownie topped with something similar to a pistachio gelato. It's warm, decedent and melts right in your mouth with the savory gelato on top. So good!If it wasn't for the food service, I probably would've give them four stars so I would try them again. Their prices were pretty reasonable and there's enough variety on their menu to make me come back again.
4	A friend and myself ordered the Skirt Steak (medium well). Came out half burned but we didn't realize until we ate half of it so food experience wasn't there for me this time. Friends enjoyed their meals and desserts were as good as always. Not a big enough portion either on the skirt steak. I'll try a different entree next time.
2	Don't waste time eating here. Atmosphere is wonderful drinks are great! Food is horrible, no taste and overpriced. Get your money worth on good quality food like Longhorn.
2	The dinner was great, however the desserts there are very bad! I have never had a dessert in charlotte where you order cheesecake and it's (nutella cheesecake..really). Then I decided to order carrot cake, they came out with a muffin looking desert with no icing. This really look like a muffin from Starbucks!! really $9 for that!! They have got to do better on there desserts. Back to Ruth Chris!!
1	86 health score. ......Need I say more?!Do not eat here. EVER.It looks fancy but go on the Mecklenburg health department site and you will see that they had mold in their stored food that they were serving to customers. I have had friends eat here and get sick. And just think, restaurants know when the health department is coming, so that score reflects their best efforts. Imagine how bad it is when they aren't being graded.
4	I ordered myself the pizza as I was a guest and I didn't want to order something extravagant. It was very good, and as a New Yorker, I know pizza. My host insisted I try some of the risotto that came with the wild boar. I tried it and fell in love. I have no clue what was in it, but I swear I would eat it again in a heartbeat. Even saw two famous faces during my visit!
4	Really enjoyed eating here. Came here for the Passport for Fashion after party and was pleasantly surprised. The decor was gorgeous and very posh. We first sat in the lounge area an had some appetizers and drinks, then moved to the dining area for food.  Everything we ordered was delicious but special shout out to the lobster crostini and eggplant fries...sooooo good.Our waiter was very sweet but service was very slow. They did seen busy and we were chatting away so it didt really bother me. Their music was also on point! Could've used a dance floor! All in all great place to check out!
2	A decent restaurant. A hip Italian place with good music in the background. I was there with only about 75 prom goers! Wow!!!I Started off with the Meatballs...good stuff! Entree was the "Osso Bucco" as pretty good with some decent ravioli. I did ask the waiter to bring the recommended wine with the dinner dishes, but that never came. So i just continued drinking Ketel One w/ splash of cranberry juice. I didn't bother with dessert because a. Nothing looked interesting, b. I didn't want to spend any more time there, and c. I had tickets to the 9:30 show at the Comedy Zone anyway.(Im not going to mention about the lamb that was ordered mid-rare but brought out destroyed to a well done char..They did make it right on the second time around though)It's alright I suppose but you can do MUCH better...
1	Very disappointing! The food lacks flavor overall. My sister had the "one pound lobster primavera"...for $31, it was more like one pound of spaghetti and a 3 ounce lobster tail. My husband had the lobster, shrimp, clams and mussels linguini...the shrimp were just a tad bigger than popcorn shrimp and the lobster pieces were far from being represented in the dish. I got the signature "osso" bucco dish, grant you the meat fell off the bone, but the mushrooms were chewy, the sauce was oily, and to top it all off, I had to add salt for flavor! My BIL, probably got the best tasting dish out of the bunch with chicken ravioli. Our server was ok, not any mind blowing experience. We asked if there were any specials or soup selections  and he said "no" due to new management. I didn't get the impression he knew the menu all that well. Since our food was mediocre, we skipped dessert, which is really disappointing because I love dessert out, but wasn't going to take any chances on a flavorless dessert too! Cocktails were ok, but for the price they should put some more alcohol in it. My husband had a kettle one dirty martini for 12.95, once you took the olives out of the glass, it was barely filled with liquor, maybe one shot, if you were lucky. The cranberry mojito was tasty. My sisters "pineapple infused" martini wasn't that great, not very filled or flavored-Firebirds makes a better pineapple infused martini.  We went there for the convenience of the comedy zone and to try something new .For almost $100 (for 2) I believe you can spend your money at better establishments in Charlotte. We won't be going back.
1	Went here for dinner last night with two friends. As others pointed out, the decor is beautiful, rustic yet classy however the service was below average and the food was ok. Waitress forgot our wine order, had to come back to the table twice to ask us what we ordered. The food took an incredibly long time to come out and there was only two or three additional tables filled. We asked to have the bill split three ways, it took the server three tries to get it correct. Overall, it's probably a nice bar to enjoy a drink but I would not recommend it for a nice dinner out.
3	Good but could be great.  First the decor is AMAZING, I think everyone is in agreement there.  A friend and I, as a feature restaurant for Queens Feast restaurant week decided to give it a shot.  We intentionally ordered different things to add variety to what we could sample.  The grilled mushrooms and eggplant fries were delish.  Main entree Osso "Buco" and the Linguine were good.  The Osso "Buco" was a large serving of pork shank, intimidating even.  I think they could offer a choice between the cheese ravioli and potatoes or something because the shank is a lot of meat.  Next up dessert, Mt. Etna molten chocolate lava cake w/vanilla gelato & Coconut Panna Cotta .  The Mt. Etna molten chocolate was pretty standard and it kinda had a rubbery spongy texture vs fluffy (I make them at home) and the coconut panna cotta aside from the passion fruit topping was OK.Would I visit them again, maybe but it would have to be a special feature like restaurant week or a coupon, the menu is overpriced for the cuisine.Also they are not food allergy friendly. I have allergies to nuts, the waitress whenever I asked if something contained nuts "she did not know" she had to ask the chef.  The olive oil had a lump of herbs mixed w/pine nuts.  The sauce for the eggplant fries had pine nuts.  I had to request plain red sauce after I pointed out to the waitress when the bread & olive oil was served I had nut allergies.  The waitress also did not check in with us at the most basic service level to make sure everything was ok.
3	I had an impromptu dinner here with my husband before the Beck concert a couple of weekends ago. I was not expecting a whole lot as I feel like places like this tend to be overrated and my expectation was right on target. I will say that I really enjoyed my Limoncello martini. It was so delicious! I could really use one right now as I type this.  I knew it'd be a night of flowing drinks, so I ordered the smoked salmon flat bread to soak up some cocktails.  It was just OK. Definitely not something I'd order again. My husband ordered the lamb which was again, just ok.  The food was not bad by any stretch of the imagination, just nothing I would race back to have. But then again, it's a decent option for a nice meal before a concert out at the Music Factory!
1	I can't even review the food, due to the fact that we were sat at a table & never saw a server for 10+ minutes.  Someone came by and brought waters, said a server would be with us shortly. We waited another 5 minutes, were never greeted by anyone else, and walked out.  Have no idea how a place can stay in business with customer service as lousy as theirs? It was later, too - around 9:15 - they were by no means slammed. Shame.
5	Love this place! The decor Is So chic! And the food is amazing! Cannot wait to go back
1	Don't waste your time here because they certainly don't care about their awful service. Went at 7 before the Darius Rucker concert Fri night. Waited at our patio table for 30 minutes for a server. Hostess & multiple servers passed & didn't acknowledge us. Ever. We should have left then, but it was the only restaurant in the entire complex that could seat us. Finally flagged down the hostess to get a server. Went for the $9.95 pizza deal that was advertised, only to be told after our orders were placed that they were all out of pizza. By 7pm, you're already out of the special?!?!? C'mon!!! Unacceptable. Ordered the mussels & crostini instead. Mussels were barely visible, they were so small. Overpriced & incredibly tiny. Ordered meatballs (came w/3) & a cheese plate. About 3 pieces of cheese & some nuts were on that for $10! These were all being shared among 4 people, yet the portions aren't enough to feed 1!! For our 4 appetizers, 4 glasses of house wine & 2 vodka soda's, our tab came out to $150. NEVER going back. Ridiculously overpriced, inadequate portions, worst service ever!!!!!!! How they stay in business is beyond me!
1	Pros:  NoneCons:Terrible service even when the restaurant is half full (twice).Weak, overpriced drinks ($10+ for small mixed drink)Unbelievably small portions of food, yet at a high price.Food is average at best.
4	I've had drinks here several times, but finally had my first sit down meal experience here over the weekend.We rolled in here with a crew of ten for dinner and adult bevs before the Benny Benassi show at Label Friday night. Our server was nice and a really good sport (we can be a rowdy bunch sometimes). Our orders: a couple calamari apps for the table to share, chicken parm, seared tuna, seared scallops, meatball pizza, prosciutto & roasted mushroom pizza, and the pork shank. I tried a little bit of everyone's. Pretty good. Two of us got the tuna and ordered it medium rare. They both came out medium well. Bummer. I think I would've liked it a lot more if it wasn't so overcooked. The roasted butternut squash mushrooms that accompany it were delicious. Next time, I will be ordering the prosciutto & mushroom pizza. Prosciutto just makes everything better.I love the decor here. Very trendy and swanky. Overall, I would say this place is probably around 3.5 stars. So, we'll round up to four and call it a day.
3	Yes, Osso, I will add another 3-star review to keep you firmly entrenched in 3-star review land. Osso is actually a good little surprise in the least organic & possibly most obnoxious area of Charlotte: The NC Music Factory/Complex/Facility.There is solid variety on the menu. Osso has some standard Italian fare, but most of the dishes have have a slight twist. I had the pumpkin tortellini. A combination of  cheese stuffed tortellini and ground sausage in a garlic & olive oil sauce. The pumpkin flavor was very slight. This was actually a light meal and the portion size didn't leave me with the desire to loosen my belt & go into a coma at the table. My dining companion had the tagliatelle pasta with roasted chicken. This is actually the dish I wanted to order, but I didn't want to be THAT guy, getting the same exact meal like some sort of pathetic half man incapable of adapting to the situation. However, it looked great and I did try some. Wide, flat noodles in a thick creamy tomato sauce is cold weather carb country at its best. Reasonable for the most part, the prices do skew high. Personally, I find the interior design to be like that of a Las Vegas hotel lobby, but that's probably due to the unfortunate location of the restaurant. Although the location is probably fortunate economically, it's near Label & other douche magnet venues. Red alligator leather benches, silk streamers, dim lighting, cowhide ceiling fans. It's like an Italian joint owned my Soulja Boy. At least there's not perfume coming out of the ventilation system.If you happen to be meeting someone in this god-forsaken artificial construct of an area, Osso is a solid bet. In fact, it may be the best thing about the NC Music Factory.
4	Loved the atmosphere! It was dimly lit but not so dark that you couldn't see where you were going. The staff was very attentive and very friendly. The ambience was swank and chic but there were no stuck-up or snooty people to be found and that's exactly how I like it! The food wasn't amazing but it was tasty and I am definitely going to return. This is a great place for a date. My girlfriend and I saw many other couples dining that evening. I would also bring friends here that are visiting from out of town as well!
4	I've eaten at Osso several times including during Restaurant Week.  I've never been disappointed with the food.  So I was shocked to read about the low health score.  Had dinner there last night with 5 friends.  Everyone loved their food.  But the service was VERY slow.  There were only 3 tables seated.  We sat down at 7pm.  We ordered 2 appetizers (aracini and platter), dinner and 3 desserts.  The pistachio semifreddo with the brownie was amazing.  Got up from the table at 10:15pm.
3	Ok, so I bought a a Groupon for Osso and waited for days until I could use it because of their hours of operation.  I was so excited to try this new place (new to me).  When we arrived, I thought it was very eclectic being located at the NC Music Factory and Comedy Club.  My first impression when I walked in was that they recently did some renovations because it smelled of wood varnish.  Not a bad thing, just a very strong odor.  The waiter came to our table and he seemed a bit spacey, especially after he said, "let me deconstruct the dish in my head before I can tell you what is on it."   I had no idea what to think after that.  He then all but refused to take our dinner order because he said we would be eating on the appetizer platter for a while so he would wait to take our dinner order.  We were there for one hour and thirty minutes before our food made it to our table.  Sad part was it wasn't busy at all. The waiter told us, when asked, that the cooks had over cooked the Chicken Marsala and they were preparing another one.  To me, that was a terrible excuse for late food and to blame it on the cooks, not cool.  He then told us that it was his first day waiting tables.  If that was true, this place has some bad management.  New waiters need supervision, unless you do not want repeat business!!   The tables on both sides of my table were also complaining about how long it was taking to get food.   Finally, dessert was free with an entree order and a Yelp checkin.  Of course we all got a free dessert, which made up for the long wait times. The decor was awesome, but there really were no windows.  I would eat there again, if they reconcile their long wait times.
4	Food was amazing with big portions! I got the seafood linguine and it was the best! My husband and cousin got the chicken parmesan...they said it was great except the cheese was a little salty. This is not really a kid friendly place.
