5	Absolutely wonderful.  I went there with my parents and we had a superb time.  We showed up on a Friday night without a reservation and had to wait about 45 min, but they got a bar to do that in.  The dining room is very elegant for a Cajun place.  I had the jambalaya and it was a "wet" variety of jambalaya.  The andouille was particularly smokey and delicious.  Loved every bite.  My mother had the crawfish etouffee, and my father had the bouillabaisse.  We all enjoyed our selections very much.  We also got a hushpuppy appetizer which was good, but probably unnecessary.I have no problem giving the place all five stars.  The food took a while to reach us but when it did... yum.
5	Loved it! Loved it! =)  Very nice looking place both inside and out! The space inside it is very open and relaxing.  Our server Laura was the sweetest!  She was super helpful with the menu and suggested some great wine!We had the crab cakes for appetizers! Yummy!  I love crab cakes & they made them great the dipping sauce was very good as well! For my main I had the Andouille Crusted Tilapia.. it had great flavor, it was excellent. I really loved the Sweet potatoes that came with it too! Everything was excellent!!  I would recommend this establishment to anyone!  They also have a great website if you want to view the menu and history.  The Restaurant is named after the chefs daughter! Ahhhhhhhh She is soo adorable!
5	I think I may have a new favorite restaurant. Liliana's was very nice and I will definitely go back again soon.Like Andy P. - we went on a Friday night without reservations. We waited about 45 minutes, but it didn't seem long at all. The decor is excellent and probably a bit nicer than we expected. Very impressive and good service. We also started with the Jalapeno Cranberry hush puppies - they were very good - but I expected a bit more Cranberry or Jalapeno flavor from them. Good none the less, but maybe a bit much for two people. (better for 4 or 5 I think). We ordered the Jambalaya and the Scallops for dinner. Both were cooked very well and were excellent. Probably the best Jambalaya I have had in a while. Only complaint was it could have had a touch more heat - I guess I like it pretty spicy.Cost was pretty decent for what we ate and overall it was a great experience and a great value. They look to have a lot of special menu events and 'tastes' as well. Definitely a place I will return to again soon!
4	I enjoyed Liliana's much more than I was expecting. I came at 5:30 on a Saturday night, and, though I did have a reservation, there were still many open tables. I ordered the truffled endive salad and a bowl of the gumbo. Both were delicious. The salad was presented nicely and the portion was not too large or too small. The gumbo was very hearty and had an earthy, smokey touch- not to mention it was a tad spicy!The decor was a perfect combination of classy and festive.  When the jazz pianist started playing later that night, I would have sworn I was actually in New Orleans. (A glace out the window to falling snow quickly diminished that notion...) Liliana's has a very comfortable atmosphere and it would be an easy place to sit for hours and talk your life away, or dream of the too-far-away Cajun country. This is perhaps the first restaurant that has won me over for its ambiance before its food.All in all, a solid choice for a great night out!
5	We went to Liliana's for lunch and were impressed with the nice staff and good food.  It was a little crowded but my food (catfish po' boy) arrived pretty fast and was delicious. Really good french press coffee with free refills was a plus.  Seems like the patio would be great if it had been a bit warmer. I'll definitely go back.
4	Went there on a Friday night with some friends.  The food was really good, a bit expensive for the amount, but hey it was worth it. The service was good and the food was too. There was a band playing and it got too loud to talk, but other than that it was a pleasant evening. I'll be back
2	I went with my girlfriend expecting some pretty good creole food. The restaurant was brightly lit with a nice atmosphere provided by the jazz band. We were served cornmeal and a biscuit to start off with, but the biscuit seemed a bit dry and bland.I ordered the creole bouillabaisse, and my girlfriend ordered the pulled pork pasta. Parts of my meal were tasty, but what was most off-putting was the lump of undercooked fish that I unfortunately took a bite off of. It was still red and gamy in the center -___-  . The pulled pork was oily and salty.Overall, the environment was pleasant, but if you want good creole food, look elsewhere (hint: Louisianne's in Middleton serves bar-none the best creole food in the area).
3	I really like Liliana's, but my husband has had terrible luck with what he orders. Even though he monopolized the amazing cornbread in the bread basket, I don't know if I'll be able to convince him to try again. We started with pretty good cevice, and I had black bean cakes with chimichuri sauce for my dinner. Both of these dishes are new to the summer menu and made for a great dinner on a warm July evening. The husband's salad was overly bleu cheesed to the point where he couldn't really taste much else the rest of the evening. Such a shame.
1	Well we just came back from our first visit to Liliana's. First off, our request for Outdoor Dining actually ended up seating us inside. Our request for preferred "quiet" seating was not taken into consideration. Next, after we ordered dinner we waited for over 55 minutes for our food (table of 7). My wife's second glass of wine was not the same as the first glass, however our waiter did replace it but not until he sniffed it at the table, second guessing us. When our food finally arrived it was obvious it sat under heating lamps, my order of Creole Trio showed obvious signs being congealed and my daughter's Creole Bouillabaisse, my wife's Pasta Liliana showed over dryness especially to all items on top. What a disappointment.
5	Chef Dave catered our event last week and did a fantastic job.  I was so pleased with the attention to detail and quality of the food.  David and his staff are very attentive and skilled.I've dined at Liliana's several times over the past year and I've always been impressed with the ambiance of the restaurant.  Great place to take a date.
5	I ordered the creole trio, my father a noodle dish with chicken, andouille, shrimp and vegetables, and my mother a noodle dish with a smoked pork shoulder. All the food was great and had generous portions of meat/ingredients (even the noodle dishes). I've been to New Orleans quite a bit (used to live in Texas so it was only a 5 hour drive) and this place brought back lots of good memories.Their cornbread/biscuits are also quite good and there doesn't seem to be much of a need to order an appetizer making it a fairly reasonably priced place.
2	I've unfortunately had really terrible service both times I've been at Liliana's. The most recent time, every step of the way took too long. Granted it was a Friday night, but it took us an hour to actually get our food. Every step of the way, from placing our drink orders, getting our drinks, getting our menus, getting to place our food orders, and actually getting served took nearly long enough for us to walk out (as in we were discussing leaving when the waiter came back). They also messed up the drink orders and somehow didn't have enough water glasses until halfway through our stay (which unfortunately meant we hadn't gotten our food yet).It just left me sad, because I enjoyed the food decently well both times, especially the bread pudding. I'd like to try it again, but I don't know who among my friends will be gutsy enough to go with after the bad previous experiences.
4	So. I'm not huge into Creole cuisine. As a result, I enjoyed my food... but it wasn't anything I would ever seek out or crave. HOWEVER. The chef's daughter is quite possibly the CUTEST LITTLE THING EVERRRRRR. OMG. Liliana was sooo sweet, with her little doll, Kinki (yes... Kinki. hahaha) and her perfect blond pigtails. Yes, my extra star is purely based on this little girl's presence and I would totally go back to just to play with her (ummm. In my defense, I'm a future pediatrician). hahaha.
2	I've been to Liliana's twice for lunch, and once for happy hour.  This is not a great location for a business lunch as the service was somewhat intrusive.  We can forgive that, however, and realize that they may not really have wanted us to conduct a meeting there during lunch.  What is inexcusable is the experience my friend and I had a few weeks ago during happy hour.We met at Liliana's to take advantage of their drink specials and happy hour prices for food.  Our drinks were fine, and at $5.00, not unreasonably priced.  However, the bartender took it upon himself to add ingredients to our food that increased the price by 50%.  This went unnoticed until we went to settle the tab, and when confronted, the bartender said " I do that all the time- is that a problem?".  Um, yes, it is a problem if my $6 quesadilla becomes a $9 quesadilla and you try to slip it by me.  Frankly, it's this experience that will keep us from ever going there again because I'm still so steamed I can't imagine having a good time there.
4	Have eaten here on multiple occasions in the past year when traveling for work. Tried the Jambalaya to go (see my original photo) and on my next trip hit up the bar for some Abita on draft and an excellent Blackened Catfish.  The dish's presentation was a welcome surprise and added to the taste as the drizzled on red paste wasn't just for looks but was a spicy creole meuniere.
2	I've been here a couple times, and every time I've been underwhelmed. Not that the food is bad, just that for the price and the atmosphere, I really expect more. I asked for recommendations from the waiter, and he recommended the three most expensive items on the menu. I ordered one, and my partner ordered another, and we were both disappointed with our food.
3	This place is OK.It isn't as good as I would expect for the prices you pay. We were seated next to a hallway where the waiters drop off used utensils from other customers. So it was noisy the whole time as the waitstaff continuously dropped dishes into the dirty bin. I wonder who came up with the idea to place diners near such an area?The Endive Salad appetizer was great. I highly recommend it. We ordered a beer off the beer menu and they were out of it. So that was a disappointment. Waiter did suggest another beer and said it would be on the house if we didn't like it.Ordered the Filet Mignon and were disappointed. The filet was very small, didn't have enough sauce on it, claimed to come with asparagus (and really came with three itty bitty pieces of asparagus tips). For the price we paid for the filet we were disappointed.We had Banana Fosters for dessert wich was outstanding. If I ever go back to Liliana's I will order the salad and dessert again. But am not yet sure if Liliana's will be at the top of my list, especially for the prices they charge.
5	Absolutely Awesome!  We've been here 4 or 5 times now, and just love it!
5	Nice motif and expansive menu.  This was my third visit and both the scallops and blackened catfish were dynamite.  Chef David does a fine job.  A little pricey but worth a try.
4	Food was very tasty and the service was well done. Coraline was friendly and helpful. We brought our our own wine, and were charged a reasonable cork fee. The Cajun fare (gumbo, jambalaya) was spicy but very flavorful. Desserts were simple and balanced out the robust main courses. The only food I was not terribly impressed with was the hush puppies (a little bland) stuffed with Gouda and the etoufee (tasted like heavily spiced jerk seasoning).We reserved a table online, which wasn't necessary on a Sunday but was nice that I could do it online.
2	We've heard great things so we were looking forward to trying Liliana's for Restaurant  Week. The ambiance was nice and the service was totally pleasant. If this place was closer to home, we'd likely give it another shot, but based on our experience, I'm not certain we'll go out of our way to make the effort to go back again.The food was fine, but not nearly as good as we'd been told it would be. Perhaps it was the R-Week menu but we all thought the flavors were a little mild, the sauces were a little stock/tomato paste tasting and the flavored rices were not so flavored. Things just seemed a little under-seasoned all around. And, the famed beignets were frankly nothing so special that I'd go there just for them. Our main issue has to do with the fact that one of the people in our party had a dairy allergy and we alerted them to this when we made the reservation and again when we were seated and even saw a sign saying they were happy to handle dietary restrictions/allergies when we walked in the door. We were repeatedly assured it would be no problem as everything is made to-order, but it was a problem and a disappointment as the great majority of  things (even on the regular menu) were not feasible and desserts were impossible (save for a mid-winter fruit plate in WI which is never a good thing). If they hadn't been so repeatedly adamant that a accommodating a dairy allergy would be no problem, we likely wouldn't have been so disappointed/surprised.
4	Tried Liliana's for the first time yesterday, since we've had a coupon on the fridge forever for free baguettes.The decor inside was exceptional.  It was very New Orleansesque, complete with streetlamps and beads hanging overhead.  There's also some cool photography that the owners took themselves.They start you out with cornbread, which by the way, was phenomenal.  Let it be known that I'm a sucker for good cornbread and haven't had it in awhile, so that alone made my visit.  I'd be happy to go back to this place for drinks and a bit of the spongy stuff.For appetizers, went with calamari.  Not the best that I've had, as it was fairly tasteless. A spritz of lemon and lime helped out.  Neverless, we polished the plate off.The one downside of the visit was the wait once our food was in (similar to other reviews).  I wouldn't have expected our order to take as long to bring out, as it ended up being roughly an hour or so between ordering and receiving our food. Minus 1 star.The food made up for it though. The tilapia was done well, falling apart when I tried to pick it up.  No knives required!  As a bonus, it was on top of sweet potato mash, which competed for the top taste of the day.There was also some outdoor seating, but considering it was rainy, windy, and 34 degrees...we passed.  Could be worthwhile when it's a bit balmier out.
4	My friends and I went here for Sunday brunch and I loved it.  The decor is great, really very New Orleans like!  There was live music which was perfect, not too loud and annoying, just perfect with a guy playing guitar!  I had the sausage omelet which was perfect, I loved the chorizo, yummy yummy yummy!  My friends had the Jumbalaya omelets, I admit mine was better but it was still tastey!  The coffee was delicious!  Its hard to find a good rich coffee and this place was PERFECT!!!  I loved everything about this place!  The staff was great, attentive and friendly!
5	The food was outstanding and the ambiance was great.  From the cornbread to the walnut/feta salad to the entrees the food was tasty and well presented without being overly spiced (one of our worries with Cajun style food).  The ingredients were fresh.  We especially liked the use of the caramelized onions.  The decor was pleasant and the open space was nice.  The room was quiet enough to hear each other easily.
5	I wasn't really expecting a full sit-down, cloth napkin restaurant.  When I got there it was a surprise!  The server was really friendly and attentive.  I ordered the Jambalaya.  It was outstanding!  The only problem (if you can call it that) was that there was too much food!  I was packed when I left.  It was pretty expensive.  The Jambalaya was $16.  Add a soda and gratuity and the total lunch bill for just me was $23.  Nevertheless... if you're a fan of cajun/creole cuisine, you won't be disappointed.
3	I love the atmosphere. Live Jazz Music Thursday through Friday evenings. The music is kept at a soft level, despite being live. and even when sitting 2 tables away from the performers, my guest and I were able to engage in conversation easily without needing to raise our voices. The wine selection is quite decent, as are the drinks. For the most part the bartenders have been great, but sometimes if they are busy they will not even acknowledge you are there. Food Review: The calamari was so-so on flavor, but wins points for not having a rubbery texture. The dill pickles were very good, and the cheese plate was astounding! Very good aged cheeses and Wisconsin made mustards. The desserts have also been good. The Chocolate mouse is. to. die. for! This is not your 'whip cream' chocolate mousse. This is thick, rich, slightly salty chocolate decadence. Pair it with the beignets for a delicious treat. The banana's Foster is also pretty good. They also serve French Press Coffee, which is a definite bonus.now, the entrees. This is where the rating loses a star for me. The first time I went, I had seared scallops with Wasabi Mashed Potatoes. It was simply Amazing! my friend had the flank steak and that was delicious as well. The next time I went and ordered the scallops (without looking at the menu, which is my fault) They were served with some veggies and sweet potato puree. it wasn't bad, but it was more bland. I preferred the spicy Wasabi Mashed. Another trip back for the Tilapia for me and the Filet Mignon for a friend was good, but nothing spectacular. Summary: Great place for drinks and apps or to stop and splurge on dessert and coffee.
5	My wife and I love Liliana's it is our standby for when we want to go out to dinner and make it easy. We enjoy everything there from the Appetizers to the desserts. The Tuesday night tasting menu is great, they have a different theme every week and for $25 it is great 3 course meal.My wife really enjoys the tilapia and I will always go back for the corn bread.
2	First I'll have to say I don't like spicy food so asked what I could order that was not spicy.  Server was very helpful with my questions.  I had the endive salad and was not impressed - it was okay but would have been a lot better if the nuts in it were candied, it needed more contrast in the flavors.  Corn bread was good.  For dinner, had the special which was chicken coq a vin, greens with bacon, and potatoes.  Didn't really care for it.  The chicken was a leg and thigh, cooked well, but wasn't what I've thought of as coq a vin, kind of tasted like it was cooked in wine and soy sauce and the flavor pretty much stayed in the skin of the chicken which was okay because I didn't think the flavor was that great, but left me with eating plain tasting chicken meat.  Only ate about 1/4 of it.  The potatoes were ok, nothing special.  The greens left me with a yucky taste in my mouth, maybe too much smoky flavor.  My dining companion had the vegetable Wellington and I tried it, actually thought it was really good, wish I had ordered that, although it was a bit rich it had a lot of flavor.  Service was okay, attentive until the check was paid at which time we were totally abandoned though we did stay a bit to chat (the restaurant was not busy) - that's not too unusual though.  After hearing so much hype, left feeling disappointed.  Maybe you have to be really into Cajun food to appreciate this place.
5	My family and I love this restaurant.  They have a great selection on their menu and everything I have had has been fantastic.  Locally owned with a very friendly atmosphere.  Excellent selection of wine, as well.  My favorite dish:  Jambalaya.
3	I think a solid 3.5 stars would be more apt.  I went for lunch during restaurant week but decided to order straight from the regular lunch menu.  I ordered a Grilled Vegetable Po' boy (Foccacia with grill-roasted vegetables, greens, Red pepper aioli, and herbed Montrachet).  It was ok.  Nothing surprising.  The portabello was a little on the burned side.  The sandwich was dripping wet to the point it made the bread soggy.  I abandoned the bread halfway through and ate the rest of the veggies with a fork.  The cheese was great, but when isn't goat cheese great?  They did not have an advertised beer available - not a big deal, but always kind of a bummer when you get excited to order something that is not available.My server was nice enough in a fake way, but the interactions between the three staffed servers bordered on loud and inappropriate.  There were only two other couples in the restaurant on this Saturday afternoon yet we waited to have our orders taken for more than five minutes while listening to them talk about one girl's bad date from the night before.  I'm sure the whole restaurant appreciated the story.  Getting the check and a to-go box took about ten minutes - hard to rationalize that kind of service when there are 3 people working in an otherwise empty establishment.It might be fun to go back during a dinner when the place is hopping and maybe the dinner menu is better?  They seem to have some glowing reviews otherwise.  3.5 stars for a passable if not forgettable lunch.
4	As a person with Celiac's disease, I want to recommend Liliana's to anyone who is trying to avoid gluten. They are very accommodating, have a gluten-free menu, and can practically make anything on the regular menu gluten-free with some small modifications. Since being diagnosed, I have been inventorying the local Madison restaurants that i can count on for a good gluten-free meal, and Liliana's is definitely one of the best. An added plus is their rather prolific wine list and the nice atmosphere. Thanks for giving the gluten-deprived a great place to dine!!
1	I really wanted to love this place.  My wife and I had been there twice before for dinner and really enjoyed it so we decided to come back on our anniversary and sit in the bar for the great live music.  I realize we were sitting in the bar area, but the service this time was very slow and we were left alone for long spans.  The reason for my bad review:We ordered a dish that contained mussels.  Half way through eating it my wife realized one of the mussels was still closed.  The waitress went to ask the chef about it and came back to tell us the chef said it happens all the time and its perfectly safe.  We sent the dish away.  Bye bye doggy bag.  Even if the chef is right and the closed mussel is safe... why would it be served that way?  There were only 3-4 mussels in the dish and it should be easy to check that they are all open.And also... as a person with a phd in chemistry who now works in biochemistry... I would not eat anything with a closed mussel in it.  Its really not worth the risk.  Also, the FDA tells us to throw out any mussels that do not open.Just to top off our bad experience we were charged for an extra bottle of wine and had to send the check back.I'm really sad about the whole thing because we were really starting to like this place and would have gone back regularly.  Instead we left feeling bad about it and a little nervous having also eaten oysters there that night....I should say that the other 2 times we were there the service was excellent and the food was really good.  I would recommend avoiding dishes with shellfish if the policy on closed mussels is "it happens all the time"
4	Great food and friendly atmosphere. Nice outdoor patio. Kid-friendly too!
5	Very authentic southern style food.  High quality ingredients, nice atmosphere, a great place for business or casual lunch.  They have a lot of live music, wine tastings, etc but, I've never gone at night for the night life.  Nice bar.
4	I come to Madison for business on a regular basis and today was my first visit to Liliana's. I had the pasta and it was great. Just a little bit of spice, chicken, shrimp, sausage - very nice. The ambiance is nice, looks like they have a nice wine selection (in size anyway - I did not see a menu) and the dessert was very delicious. :) I had the chocolate mousse and I was NOT disappointed. We were seated quickly, good service and nice people. I'll be back.
4	We went to Liliana's last night for their Abita Beer 3 course menu.  All of it was great.  The brownie was just ridiculously rich and fabulous!! My favorite part though - was Liliana.  It was her 5th birthday and she was dressed up in her princess gown and walking around the restaurant saying hello, chatting with the guests and having tons of fun!  It was awesome to talk to that precious girl and to see her having such a great time on her birthday!  I really enjoyed the food and the family atmosphere. :)  Happy Birthday  and thanks for sharing your day with us! :)
1	We went for the Christmas Day buffet.  Terrible food, loud dining room, service was non-existent.  Seated nearly an hour late for reservation.  Advertised food like a prime rib serving bar and herb crusted turkey which were not on the buffet.  Feel like we were duped.  $29 per person for really bad food was not what we were expecting.  Will not go back and will do our best to deter others.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I'd heard and read mixed reviews and now I see why.  We ate here for their New Year's Eve 6 course menu... so they had 6 chances to recruit me as a new regular, but with each course we became more and more disappointed and annoyed.My first impression was that the atmosphere was great; music was fun, people were friendly and overall it was really well designed.  Everything was fine to start, I wasn't a huge fan of the amuse bouche, but nothing to hold a grudge over.  What started the downward spiral was the waitress bringing our second course, literally right after bringing our first course.  I don't like when anyone at a restaurant of this caliber says "I don't want to rush you, but here's your next course."  Who wants to let their soup sit off to the side of the table while they eat the first course.  That was pretty much the way the following courses went, down to bringing our check WITH the dessert.  I could go into lengthy detail about each course; including having to send back spare ribs (but the second one was really good) or the waitress and her lack of knowledge of the entire menu right down to telling us our dessert was peanut butter / chocolate when it was really peppermint / chocolate or that myself and others around us kept getting bumped into by waitstaff cause the seating was too close together ... but I'll save the time.Ultimately, when I go out for a meal that's costing a table of two $200, I expect an experience.  Bringing clean silverware with each course isn't asking a lot.  Saying "Can you keep your fork for the next course, I know that's kinda weird" by our waitress is not what a meal at that price point should offer.  Kitchen paper towels on the counter of the bathroom is not the impression I wanted to leave with, but that's what I got.
5	This was a last minute plan - but it turned out to be first rate!A friend met me in Madison on New Years Eve at around 9 p.m. and we headed to a 10:15 p.m. reservation at LIliana's for the New Years Eve 6 course meal.  It was almost a perfect 100 on my score chart!There were two choices for each course and so my friend and I ordered one of each so we can taste everything.  The only thing I was completely happy with was the very first starter of the duck pate - I had yucky rubbery chunks of liver in my pate and it tasted very much livery (I like pates that are very subtle).  Everything else was divine!  I especially loved the ham and bean soup - oh my word it was good!  And the pork that I had just fell off the bone and melted in your mouth.The waiter was so nice and really helped make the evening enjoyable just by chatting and going out of his way to make sure all was good.  Since it was new years eve, we asked about glasses of champagne and he just brought us a bottle - all the other tables were given bottles as well.  It was such a nice touch.There was a live band playing and around 11:30, the owner (head chef) of the restaurant and his daughter (Liliana, the restaurant's namesake) came around to all the tables to ask us to stay for the countdown and see if we enjoyed the food and all.  I thought that was really hospitable and made me think that they actually were concerned that their patrons were enjoying everything.They had a countdown and we were all given party hats and horns and all.  What a great New Years Eve and what a fabulous meal to end 2011 and ring in 2012!
5	Came here for a work lunch with colleagues during restaurant week in Madison.  They had a nice three course lunch selection where you could mix/match your own appetizer, main dish, and desert.  All were quite good, we were very pleased.  Service was, as typical, very good.  This is one of my favorite places to eat in Madison.
4	We just had a large work party here for lunch, and many people commented on how much they like the food.  Service was a little slow but, we were a big group.  They had run out of a few lunch special menu items, that was a little disappointing.
5	I initially came here on a recommendation by a coworker.  I loved it so much that I frequent the establishment now.I have eaten about 80% of the items on their menu and they were all great.  I really love their Etouffee and Tomato Bisque.  But you really can't go wrong just eating their.  I would gladly give them a higher star rating if I could.They have spicy and not so spicy options.  The burgers are *freshly ground* which, especially if you haven't had a freshly ground burger, is worth diving into (maybe the Fire Lily).  The corn bread and jalapeno muffins are spectacular, complimented by the jalapeno butter they are served with.Honestly, I could go on and on about this place (and usually do to people I know).  Highly recommend making this a regular dining experience.  The menus evolve so you'll always have new options.And if you do lunch Monday - Friday, I suggest asking for Kimmy's section.  She is AWESOME!  She's even helped me into experimenting with new wines.Edit -- I can't believe that I didn't even mention this the first time.  They get as many of their ingredients locally as they can, and many of those are of the organic variety.  They are big on sustainability and supporting local business.
4	The food was really good.  My husband had the Bouillabasse and he thought it was excellent.  I had the shrimp scampi and I enjoyed the different seafood as well as the sauce had a little spice (which I liked).  The kid's mac n cheese was good too.  We had some raw oysters and the waiter Brian helped us pick 3 different kinds to try.  It was Sunday night family night so our daughter ate for free and they had $4 Sangrias which were good.  We decided to have dessert, the creme brulee was great and the chocolate mousse was excellent.  It was not a cheap meal but we thought the price was good for all of the courses we had.  We sat outside which was really nice.  We will be back.
5	Love their Thursday wine tastings, and great wine restaurant overall. It is a little pricey but worth it.
5	Liliana's is so close by my house that I pass it up way too often and never think of stopping in.  That changed last night and I am so happy that I did.  It is a locally owned and committed to securing local ingredients wherever possible.  Dinner started out with a calamari appetizer as well as complimentary cornbread/jalepeno biscuits.  Both were outstanding.  The calamari was delicately fried and accompanied by a spicy aioli.  The bread was fresh and baked in house.  Both different types went well with the jalapeno compound butter that it was served with.  For our entrees, my girlfriend opted for the blacked cajun burger while I went with the jambalaya.  The burger was generous and perfectly blackened, coming out medium rare as requested.  The jambalaya was packed with shrimp, tasso ham, lardons, and chorizo.  Our server was attentive without being overbearing.  Overall, we had a great experience and made me commit that I need to visit more often.  My only wish is that they had a few more sandwiches, etc. at a lower price point for the times I want to stop in for a quick bite rather than the entire dining experience.
2	I've been here a few times. I really wanted to like this place. The atmosphere is nice especially for a date night. However, the food is not that good. The meat is often overcooked. The prices are expensive and it doesn't measure up with the food. The service was good and I have no complaints about that.Overall, the experience was decent but the food was no up to par. I won't be going back.
1	You know, I have eaten at Liliana's many times and they have some very good food but I don't know that I've ever had worse service than what my family and I experience last night when we *tried* to enjoy a meal. Notice the emphasis on tried. From the very beginning, the service wasn't great. It took a long time to even get some water, much less some drinks. On top of that, we had to ask 4 times for a children's menu. We never received it and instead got a brief listing of some of the items on the children's menu.After finally getting our drinks, we ordered our meals. Our appetizers came out relatively quickly, as did the children's meal. Then, we waited. And waited. Then we start to notice food coming out to people who came in after us. Not only had we not seen our meals, but we also hadn't been offered drink refills. We asked our server what was going on. The first excuse was "I'm at the whim of the executive chef."   Oh, so the executive chef is determining who gets food and not the order that people ordered?  Interesting. So we wait some more.  More time goes by and we ask about our food again because now we're seeing people who came in 20-30 minutes after us paying their bill and leaving.  This time the server has no excuse or even an estimated timeline and instead offers us some drinks.  I would have even accepted a lie about what happened. And while I understand that people order different items and some things take longer than others, none of us ordered complicated menu items and that doesn't excuse having people sit for almost two hours without having their meal served to them.  Finally, as we approached the two hour mark, we all decided we had had enough and told them we wanted to pay the bill and leave. The server did me the favor of "Drinks and Meals are on them."  Really?   WHAT MEALS?   If my meals are on the house then can I please have them?So, we left and sorry Liliana's but you lost our patronage.
5	The jambalaya was fantastic. A very nice cajun oasis in southern Wisconsin. The jambalaya was fantastic. the waitstaff was very attentive and it was worth the wait for a table, only 20 minutes or so and we had no reservations and it was a Friday night. And the jambalaya was fantastic.
5	Yes its a 5. Not convinced yet ? Go, order their  'Wild Caught Salmon'OMG, 'Chewlicious' is what I call it :P By the time you see the salmon your salivary glands are oozing out like fresh water springs, the tantalizing aroma is already waging a silent war against your odor receptors in your nostrils and the receptors have nothing to do but offer complete submissiveness, and as you put a piece in your mouth  you are already appreciating what nature has given us humans, because there is a little artificial/inorganic addition to the fish. So subtle, mild, yummy , it just dissolves in your mouth. And for those of you who are keen about what you put in your body, it is what they referred to as 'Sushi Grade'. I could have just said 'Their Salmon is to die for' but that would be unfair. Now lets talk about the 5 star service , bcoz its not required to mention the already eye soothing fine ambiance. I was there with a friend of mine, just for the reason that my friend doesn't remember which was the wine that made my friend go 'Whoa..!' the last time, the bartender and her boss (wine expert) were kind enough to keep offering us wine samples. One after another, the samples kept coming and until we decided what to have, It was 'Sancerre'. And guess what they did not hesitate to open new bottles just to give us samples. This is what I call a 'Customer Focused Business'. Thank You Liliana's.Why would I not wanna go back again and again. Of course any review for Liliana's will be incomplete if the live music and complementary corn bread are not mentioned. I don't know whats the meaning of Liliana's but it sounds musical to me. P.S: Management should investigate into the mixed reviews for this place on yelp.
3	We have eaten at Liliana's three times.  Each time we hoped to come back and have a better experience than the last.  The first time we ordered a wine and app combo.  The server knew nothing about the wine and didn't even know how to properly pour it...they spilled it all over the table.  Our meals that evening were so so, but nothing to come back for.  The second time our food came and it was cold.  Our server said she was really busy so she took them back and obviously just put them under the lights because the outside was warm but the inside was still cold.  The third time we had such terrible service-the server was too busy chatting it up with a table full of her friends than to bring us our drinks.  I think this place has a lot of potential-great atmosphere and good food.  They just need to be more consistant and make sure their servers are bringing the food out when it's hot!
4	I had the jambalaya and it was very good. GF had the fish and pasta, she loved it. Only problem was that we sat outside and a bee was bothering us.otherwise the drinks are great, the food was plentiful, and the atmosphere was very calm!
1	My husband and I recently returned from a honeymoon in New Orleans craving the cuisine. Sadly, Lilliana's did not deliver. The oysters we had were overpriced and nothing close to what we had in NOLA, which I get. Wisconsin is nowhere near the ocean. But the andouille-crusted tilapia and sweet potato mash served with it were both bland and not worth the price at all. The meal as a whole was overpriced and a major disappointment.
4	The beignets were disappointing. The entrees were amazing, though, and the cornbread to die for!
5	Went to Liliana's in Nov. 2012.  It was a great dining experience.  The salmon and blackened catfish was excellent  The live music was an added bonus to the evening.  The service was also excellent and the selection of the menu has us anticipating a return visit soon.  Beth & Dave
5	The food and atmosphere was amazing our server was friendly and knowledgeable and his recommendations lead to an amazing experience. The owner even came out and took time to shake my hand. I was very impressed with the entire visit.
4	Generally a very good environment. New Orleans type environment, with great food. Bar area is fun. Often live jazz music. This place is one of our regular stops. Can't go wrong here.
4	My boyfriend and I happened to drive by while trying to decide where to eat and not being in the mood for "The Great Dane" (great place, just did not feel like it that night).We had no idea what to expect and the "New Orleans" reference on their outdoor almost turned me off, as Cajun is not my first preference.But I thought: Be brave and give them a try.We were impressed the second we walked in.The decor was very nice, creating a unique, upscale ambiance, complimented with live jazz music, dimmed lights and candle-lit tables. I was fascinated with the arched wall and long windows looking out towards their patio. The food was excellent and so was the service. We had a truly amazing night and look forward to going back there again!The only one down side - we went on a Friday night and they were very busy.The noise level was very high. A suggestion for the owners would be to have extra space between tables so that guests aren't hearing their neighbor more often than their companion.
4	We've lived near here for 18 months and have never gone in. To be honest we didn't even know what kind of food they served until recently. So Fat Tuesday rolls around and we decide we'll go to the cajun/creole place down the street, and what a surprise! The interior is very nice, there was a live band and the food and drinks were great! We both had the tomato basil soup---definitely rich and seemed to be made with quality ingredients. Then we had the cajun cheese curds----some of the best we've had in Madison (and that's saying something). For the main course we split the Jambalaya. This was our only disappointtment. We asked for it to be extra spicy---and found it to be barely spicy at all. But spice can be a hard thing to rate and we both love spicy food so we aren't the best judges. There also wasn't much rice in the jambalaya----which most people probably prefer. But there was TONS of meat---shrimp, bacon, sausage, etc.. The cocktails were also fun. My husband tried the traditional Sezerac and I had the Pimm's Cup. Both good! We plan to go back and give it another go with the spice-factor.
5	Restaurant week.Went here for an early Valentine's Day dinner and restaurant week special. Being gluten-free, I was dreading restaurant week--it's something we used to celebrate all the time, but I expected that this time we'd be out of luck because the odds of having a GF set menu are low. Because I apparently like making myself sad, I browsed all the menus, and discovered that Liliana's not only had GF options for their restaurant week selection, but MULTIPLE GF options. I was sold.We made an online reservation which went well. Service was very attentive and pleasant, and we tried some great new wines. The food was fast and absolutely divine--I had a wild mushroom risotto that was to die for, and we enjoyed the desserts as well. (Added bonus: GF dessert options BEYOND flourless chocolate cake!)We loved the ambiance and were very impressed overall. We'll definitely go again, especially since their normal menu has a vast array of GF options and awesome food.
1	This place is so bad, I hardly know where to start.  We chose this restaurant for restaurant week.  Me, my gf, and her mother.  The restaurant week menu always sounded awesome, so I was excited to try it even though I was a little turned off by the restaurant week price increase - used to be $25 flat, now it's $25-$35.  Anyway... I started off with their signature bloody mary, which sounded like a unique twist on a classic - it advertised some good stuff, like Carr Valley Menage cheese, but they must have been out, because I got some cheese curds instead...  The grilled shrimp was a nice touch for a bloody, but the overall consistency of the drink was just weak and watery - for $8, you better get it right!I went all out and ordered the $35 French Quarter dinner.  Starter was a tuna nicoise salad.  Sad to say, the greens were in very poor condition, with many leaves wilted and visibly rotten - just not fresh at all.  I made the mistake of accepting the salad, and picked my way around the bad parts.  Let me just say that if a restaurant cannot even serve fresh greens, eating semi-raw tuna probably isn't a good idea.  I've got a strong stomach, so I ate it...  In hindsight, I should have sent the dish back immediately I didn't complain until the waitress came back to collect plates.  At that time, I pointed out the rotten lettuce left on my plate, and I explained that it wasn't exactly appetizing.  The waitress agreed and said she would inform the chef.  Fair enough...The entree was something like a Gorgonzola and wild mushroom stuffed black angus rib-eye, with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes on the side.  Sounds great, but the first thing I noticed was that the brussel sprouts were a bit undercooked...almost fresh... Not a good start.  The wild mushrooms in the steak appeared to be maybe just creminis, and of course the Gorgonzola was overpowering.  I guess I was an idiot for thinking this would be a good choice, because if you've got to stuff a cut of meat with cheese and mushrooms to make it good, it's probably not a very good cut of meat to begin with.  This was definitely true of the rib-eye; it was as tough as a cheap piece of sirloin... Damn, $35...Moving on to dessert.  This was a trio featuring creme brulee, beignets and chocolate mouse.  No complaints about the mouse, the beignets were nothing special at all, and the creme brulee is frankly, hard to mess up.  What really got me was the wilted piece of spinach that I found when I lifted the creme brulee dish off of the plate.  At that point, I almost flipped my lid because I thought the chef put it there to spite me due to my complaint about the wilted greens on the tuna nicoise.  When I confronted the waitress she explained that it was a "gripper," used to keep the dish from sliding on the plate.  In any case, I thought it  out of place, very unappetizing, and a cheap idea that a better restaurant wouldn't even consider.After we received our check, I felt even worse seeing the $140 tab, feeling it was about a $50 experience.  Given the overall crappiness of the whole experience, I was half expecting at least my drink to be on the house...nope...  Coincidentally, the manager decided to stop by our table to ask how things were - he apparently had no idea how we felt, or he wouldn't have asked.  Well, I couldn't resist telling him how awful I thought it was - he had pretty much nothing to say, and basically just walked away without addressing the issue - he was caught totally off-guard and I hope next time he asks someone he'll be more ready to hear what they have to say - with a manager like that, I'm not surprised this place is pumping out such low quality fare.  So...that was my dinner.  $35 plus drinks and I can honestly say I've had better at Chile's, Applebees or Red Lobster, which you can interpret as a big ol' huge slap in the face!  My companions had the same opinion.  In fact, that's how I'd classify Liliana's - they appear to want to cater to chain restaurant clientele, and they have pretty much nothing better to offer.  Madison Magazine should think twice about which restaurants they allow to be part of Restaurant Week - this should be an opportunity for the best of Madison restaurants to showcase what they have to offer, at a spectacular deal to the public - I have continually walked into restaurant week with that mindframe, and I've been continually disappointed.  Madisonians should think twice about participating in this ever declining extravaganza.  Also, do yourself a big favor and do not dine at Liliana's.Thanks for your time.  I hope you have found this review to be helpful, I hope you do not dine at Liliana's, and I hope Liliana's reads this review and makes some changes.
4	Went here last Friday.  I had the fried shrimp po boy, which was awesome.  My wife had the mac and cheese which was also really good.  The only issue is the food takes a long time to get to your table and it wasn't very busy when we got there as we went at 5:30pm.  Kitchen is slow, but the food is great.
5	I have tried nearly every restaurant in the Madison area, and I can tell you that this is among the top restaurants to experience at some point. Despite its rather costly menu (expect ~$25 per person after tip), you will certainly want to come back. Their appetizer menu is interesting, diverse, and VERY freshly prepared. I recommend the fried alligator or fried cheese curds (best in the city) to start off. For the main dish, I recommend the salmon, although everything is good (I have tried the tilapia, jambolia, scampi, salmon, angus fillet, and catfish). They have a very impressive wine menu, which pairs well with their servers' comprehensive understanding of wine. Try to come in at a time when a band is playing. Service is a definite 10/10. No need to make reservations. There is Literally no possible way to complain about this place.
1	I've been a loyal Yelp user for a a couple of years but always hesitant to share my dining experiences with others.  After our dining "experience" tonight, the hesitation is over....We had a Madison Originals gift certificate expiring, so rather than burning it, we decided that we would have a rare Sunday night out.  Their website indicated that Sunday was Family Night and kids ate free, so we were excited to check it out.  We got to the restaurant just before 6:00 and there were maybe 7 or 8 tables of diners.  We sat outside since the weather was nice.  Server was very friendly even though it was a bit odd that they didn't have any kid's menus given that it was "Family Night."  Our server was at our table promptly and took our drink order.  When our drinks showed up, I asked if there were any options on the kid's menu other than what I could pull up on my Smartphone.  Before I could finish my question, he ran off and said he would get us a kid's menu... 20 minutes later we now had a new server and a kid's menu.  Not sure what happened to the original server but our kids thought it was odd that he disappeared.I asked the new server what she recommended for entrees and she suggested the tilapia, ribs, and jambalaya.  I order the tilapia and my wife ordered the salmon.  Our son ordered the mac and cheese and our daughter the mushroom pasta.  10 minutes later, the server came back and said the mushroom pasta was gone, so she got the mac and cheese too.Around 20 minutes later our drinks were long gone and the server brought out the kids meals and said ours were on the way.  Kids asked for some ketchup, which never did show up.....While our meals were "on the way," the kids progressed to eat most of their food while we waited and waited.  Eventually our food showed up.  I thought mine was good.  My wife wasn't impressed with her salmon or risotto.  We ended up eating the rest of the kids mac and cheese and thought that was might tasty!After about a half an hour the server finally checked on our table again.  We promptly asked for our bill.  When she brought it out, we paid without seeing the bill as the kids had to get to bed on a school night and we had already been there for 1.5 hours.  After a while, the wife and kids went to the car while I continued to wait.  The table next to us went inside to pay as they had waited long enough too.  After over 20 minutes, the server asked if I got my bill back.  I reminded her that she took it but never brought it back.  Thankfully when the check and my credit card re-surfaced, it was actually processed correctly.  Had it been wrong, I'd probably still be sitting there....While the food is alright, the service is horrendous.  Diner beware!
5	The waitress greeted us promptly. The food was very delicious! Corn bread was awesome! The best jambalaya I have ever had! I also had endive salad, which came in huge portion.
5	I love this place for all sorts of reasons.  Great place to meet people for drinks, stopping by quick for a pre-movie appetizer, or a really nice dinner.  Sundays kids eat free!
4	Brunch shrimp and grits and bottomless mimosa's at lilianas
5	Beautiful atmosphere + some of the best fish ever. They've modeled the dining room after the French Quarter, going so far as to include a balcony and a working fountain in the middle of the restaurant.I opted for the andouille-crusted tilapia, and I was not disappointed. I still think about it months after I last ate it. On the outside, a perfectly crispy, slightly sweet, savory and garlicky crust packed with seasonings. On the inside was a hearty, slightly salty, perfectly-cooked piece of tilapia that came apart in layers. I've always obsessed over my beloved "chicken fish," so I was glad to go with what I like and see that Liliana's had done it justice. The sweet potato mash on the side was addictively delicious, and the julienned veggies pretty impressive as well.Service may have been the fastest I've ever received, although I did come in on a slow weekday afternoon. We were in and out of there in half an hour.
5	Had the $10 lunch special...oyster po'boy, came with salad or soup, sweet potato chips, white beans, homemade cornbread,  and a fresh lemonade. One of the best Cajun restaurants around.
2	So my boyfriend ordered the salmon and really liked it, I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and HATED it. Omg it was nasty, everything that was on my plate was no good. I'm very picky so i tried going with something that I was familiar with... The fried shrimp were barely fried, shouldn't have even called them that and they were VERY rubbery.. On top of that they were massive. I mean the shrimp were huge.. So just imagine taking a bite into a sandwich and eating a half fried giant rubber shrimp. I couldn't even eat it. I moved on to the chips hoping i could eat something on the plate, but no. They were chewy?! Why? Maybe that's how they were suppose to be and I'm just so out of tune with what's going on.. But I didn't eat those either. My boyfriend did however because the small portion of salmon on his plate left him still hungry. You think for $18 you'd be able to get full. Anyways I'm not going back just off that one experience. I think I'll pass. Out was that bad. For the price (expensive) I should have loved everything. Oh yea we also had the cheese curds, once again disappointed. Greasy and no flavor. I love cheese curds and being from Wisconsin I know a good one when I eat it and they definitely weren't up to par. I'll pass
4	For my first visit to Liliana's I went for lunch.I should have worked out that morning and perhaps starved myself for a week, before I arrived here. Delicious food, large portions. Not enough room!Staff was courteous, polite and on it.  My lunch date and I ordered several items to share.(note to coffee drinkers: they gave me my own table side french press)We had the cheese curds- even for Wisconsin this plate was stacked so high of cheesey puffed goodness it was taller than the plate was wide.  We didn't even finish them!Bowls of gumbo- I had to order the gumbo.  I would give it a B+.  It was good, but didn't blow me away.Poor Boy Sandwich with shrimp: Bread was crusty and perfect.  Sandwich again seemed giant or maybe it was the cheese curd appetizer and gumbo that put us over the top.  I actually felt bad for not being able to eat the food. Had to ask for my left overs to be wrapped up in a happy to go box.I'll make another pit stop here once I start training for a marathon.Liliana's keep up the curd work!
3	It is tasty, standard Cajun food.  The food doesn't live up to the price in my opinion. Highlight of when I've been is the Alligator appetizer.
3	Think meetings suck?Think they're not productive?Yelp Elite Rowan C is queen of awesome meetings, seriously, we get so much done and have a great time gabbing.When she heard I had never been to Liliana's she decided a mid-week visit was a must! We decided to split a french press which was decent, but the temperature of the water wasn't hot enough and I'm guessing the grounds were a little too fine because many made it to my mug and created a pretty bitter sludge. The bananas foster fared a bit better, although sort of a small portion for eight bucks. Rowan's pecan pie was tasty, albeit a touch on the sweet side. (I realize pecan pie is essentially nuts/crust/sugar/egg...sweet...but a dash of salt of something spicy like nutmeg or ginger can really cut the cloyingly sweet taste that lingers.) I want to head back and check this place out for a more substantial meal but I'd probably pass on dessert.
5	Wow. I had heard of this place, and to be honest, felt that it wasn't "really my bag, baby." I couldn't have been more wrong - Liliana's definitely is my bag, baby! Awesome - just awesome.+ Sat at "Charlie's Bar"+ Excellent - nay, superb - bartenders and staff; very helpful and friendly+ Water glasses kept full throughout entire visit; barely ever hit half empty+ Nice tap list; heavy Abita influence, which is cool by me, Daddio+ Happy hour until 6:00pm; $1 off taps and other specials+ Great little jazzy duo playing songs in the far corner of the bar (Wednesday night)+ Perfect volume; not too loud - just an ideal background sound+ Played until at least 8:30pm - were still playing when I left+ Bartender recommended the crab cakes & the grass-fed, Angus fillet+ With the exception of the seafood, all food is locally sourced within a hundred miles or less+ The crab cakes were excellent - Personally would've preferred a bit more "lumpy" crab; was a bit on the smooth side+ The steak was otherworldly - just beautifully done and supremely tasty+ Ordered medium-rare & it arrived a *perfect* medium rare - YAY!+ Prices were super reasonable+ French press coffee - yes, please+ Wine list/options recognized by Wine Spectator (as of 2013)+ David, the owner and executive chef walked-by, introduced himself, and asked how everything was; I got the impression he is genuinely interested and invested in getting feedback about his business.This place will be on my short-list of go-to venues when I'm on the south side of town. I am angry with myself for not checking them out earlier - as mentioned, I wrongly believed the menu would be heavy on jambalaya and gumbo... wrong, wrong, wrong - it's a diverse menu and the food is perfectly executed. Don't be dumb like I was (ahem, am) - go. Go now.
2	Decor was beautiful. Service... not so much. I went about 2 weeks ago with my sister and my nephew at around 3 in the afternoon. We were the only people there. Cornbread and jalapeno butter... awesome. The tenderloin bruschetta was awesome. Our entrees... not so much. We got a parmesan and butter pasta for the little one, and all you could really taste was the gallons of olive oil poured on top of it. The jambalaya was just very salty and not that flavorful.
4	Update:I have recently been back and I was not disappointed. I tried the pasta liliana (not my favorite) but also got to test the catfish which was really really good (I'm not a huge fish fan either). The dirty rice and corn maque choux fixings upon which the catfish were delicious.Additionally I got to try the cajun fried cheese curds which although I couldn't really taste the creole spice were very good nonetheless, one of the best fried curds I've tried so far.For dessert I got to try multiple dishes (perks of going out with family :p). The foster bread pudding was delectable with a perfect caramelization on the bananas, the chocolate moose was rich and smooth (though it is a thicker moose than what I would typically think of).Thanks Liliana's! Continued wishes on your behalf!******************Thank you Liliana's for an experience... not just a meal :)Time: We visited on a chilly Saturday a little after noon. At his time the place was quite and fairly empty, perfect for a quite little lunch with a spunky child in tow.Atmosphere: With the jazzy music softly playing in the background, and our kid adorned with a new strand of Mardi Gras Beads, the hostess led us down an alley decorated with street lamps to the seating area bright with natural sunlight streaming. A calming fountain bubbled softly near us which also gave our daughter some entertainment while waiting for the food.Staff: The hostess and waiter were both pleasant, friendly, and professional. The knew his stuff. When asked to elaborate this beautifully fragrant  bean/couscous dish that was served with our meals, without hesitation the dish was explained. Our Order:Blue Cheese Burger - Excellent! This was a wonderfully seasoned dish with just the right amount and strength of blue cheese. Possibly the best burger in town... and we have tried over a dozen!!!Fried Shrimp Po'Boy - At first bite I wasn't sure if I quite liked it but by the end of the sandwich I was crying for more. The hose made mayo was a delightful addition though I did need to add a dash more of salt and pepper.Cup of Gumbo - I don't think I have much authority on this dish. I have tried gumbo a grand total of 3 times now and each time I have had the same reaction... I don't really like it! From my limited experience it was good but not amazing... Not enough to make me a fan of gumbo... I still need to be converted.Benyas - These came absolutely drenched in powdered sugar, just as they should. As I remarked to my wife, these were good but I don't think they were up to restaurant snuff. I would expect a twist to make this a memorable dish. Although they tasted good, I think it would be divine if they tried to do something more special than simply frying and dusting with powdered sugar. Perhaps in triangles served with a small scoop of homemade cinnamon ice cream to balance the warm benyas and their delicious crunch.Sides - All main dishes came with a white bean and couscous salad with mixed herbs. It smelled wonderful and also tasted pretty good though I think the beans could have been cooked a minute longer as they were slightly tough to my liking. A nice fresh side to the heavier portion of a meal. Now the best most absolutely amazing part of the meal was the sweet potato crisps. They were not oily at all and just absolutely shined with sweet potato and salt flavor. Liliana's is almost worth going to just for the potato crisps!Verdict:Wonderful atmosphere, pleasant staff, delicious food, affordable, and kid friendly. I would definitely recommend this and will return again! Thanks Liliana's.
5	Another visit and this place is still TOPS in my book. I'm shocked that it wasn't slammed with people - it's such a stellar place.+ Great music in the bar, once again+ Incredible service - so attentive, helpful, and genuine+ Abita beers, good wine, great happy hour specials+ The tenderloin... 'nuff saidLove. Pure love.
4	Though I have been to Liliana's a couple of times now, I still don't feel that I have actually experienced what Liliana's has to offer so I am definitely looking forward to going back and updating my review.On my first visit, I was there as a vegan, yeah you read that right.  I went vegan for about a month or so and had the pleasure of trying dishes that I would not normally not try. On this particular visit, I have to say that I was disappointed by their lack of vegan friendly options.  After scanning the menu for a bit however, I was able to find the tofu wings.  Generally, not a big fan of tofu but def a huge fan of wings so I was interested in how it would be prepared.  The presentation was sort of lacking but I don't really know what I was expecting.  On my plate came about 6 strips of tofu in buffalo sauce.  It wasn't until after I received my dish that I decided to tell the waitress that I was vegan; at that she noted that the 'wings' had actually been fried in butter.  I didn't want to make a fuss and actually offered to keep it but she was so nice and insisted that they make me another plate, this time without the butter.  I was really impressed by how helpful she was.  When I received my new plate, I ate the food and again, I don't really know what I was expecting but they were just okay.  Because they were advertised as wings, I was expecting a bit more texture but instead the tofu was pretty soft.   The buffalo sauce was good I guess :)  The meal wasn't all bad, the salad that I had to start was good and the date loved the etouffe that he ordered.  The table also came with cornbread which I was told was really soft and had a a great taste.My second visit was on Valentine's Day.  This visit was also not a typical experience because there was a pre-set menu and unfortunately, none of the offerings were creole.  With that said however, I really enjoyed the meal.  There were five courses, all the same save the choice in entree.  It started out with a butternut squash soup, then salad, ravioli, and ended with a petite sirloin and chocolate mouse with strawberry.  Everything was delicious!  I really really enjoyed everything I ate and do not have a complaint.  The atmosphere was great and the service was outstanding.I am really looking forward to trying this place under 'normal' circumstances and look forward to trying what looks to be a very interesting menu!
5	This place was great.  At first I was a skeptical of the environment.  But the live music and warm atmosphere really got me. We got the gluten free bruschetta which was great!  Then I ordered the chicken diablo.  Man, that was amazing! Their hot sauce was fantastic also. The chocolate mousse was so rich and creamy. This was a great meal. On top of that our waiter was friendly and helpful. Even thanked us for coming in after we ate. This experience was wonderful. I will definitely be back!
4	Great cheese curds! The service was great. Lots of vegetarian options! It was a tad spicy for my taste but that's because I'm a wimp. But I would go back.
4	Located between a crematorium and a gynecologist's office, Liliana's offers some pretty alright New Orleans flavor to the Madison area. I had the mushroom risotto and my love had chicken diablo -- it's the pork that makes it devilish. Good cornbread, nice service, romantic atmosphere after the sun goes down (before that it was too bright). There was live music, a guy playing mostly Beatles tunes, but they gave us the option of sitting near or far from him. Far was perfect -- it was nice to hear the music in the background but not so loud that we couldn't hear each other.
5	This review is long overdue.  I went here with 7 of my family members last May after I graduated.  We wanted to go to a place where everyone would have options and that wouldn't be too busy.  I'm so happy we went here!It's an adorable place and they had no problems accommodating our large party.  They answered any questions we had quickly and kindly, refilled waters in a timely manner, and the food (for a larger party) didn't take too long.Everyone really enjoyed their meals!  I think 3 of my grandparents (I had two sets there!) went with the Liliana Burger, my other grandma had the chicken salad po'boy, my mom and brother had the salmon, my dad had the etoufee, and I had the Vegan Seitan (which doesn't appear to be on the menu anymore, but they do have other vegan items).  I was so, so pleased with the seitan.  It was tender, flavorful, and came with perfectly seasoned vegetables and mashed sweet potatoes.  Everyone else LOVED their items too - seriously, they were raving.  Both of my grandpas (who are the silent-steady types, and use words rarely and efficiently) said I made a "good choice" for my post-graduation dinner.I don't live in Madison anymore, but when I come back for visits, Liliana's is high on my list for places to revisit!UPDATE 6/11/14: GUYS they have a new vegan/vegetarian menu and it looks BOMB.   Their seitan that I loved so much is back on the menu, along with several other extremely tempting dishes that I will be trying ASAP when I'm back in Madtown
5	I'd been having a long day when I made it to Liliana's for dinner. But then, in a shimmering instant of unspeakable beauty, it all got much better. The waitress came by our table, filled up our water glasses and said with a startling nonchalance that belied the grandeur of her statement, "I'll just bring you some cornbread, m'kay?"How did she know? How did she know that cornbread was the answer? That cornbread at the end of a long day was like kittens to the internet? Like a hashtag to a hipster? A maque choux to a New Orleans fish dish?It was a lovely start to a good meal. My entree was very good, but let's skip right along to dessert.Beignets! I don't know what beignets are supposed to taste like, really, since I've only ever had them in Wisconsin, but I hope this is it. Because these are guuuud. Heavy but airy, doughy but lofty, sweet and full to the brim of the taste of calories.The waitress came back to take them away and left us a card indicating that if we shared our anniversary  on the card we could have free beignets on our anniversary. We haven't set a date for our wedding yet but we made our best guess in hopes of some free beignets.
2	April 2014 - The concept is great, the food was adequate, the service was flat.   I called for dress code advice and reservations and informed the employee that it would be our first visit to Liliana's and our party of four were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday.  When I arrived at the restaurant I handed the hostess my credit card so that I could pay for the meal and again advised of the birthday celebration.   She seated us near the table bussing station in an nearly empty dining room.  The waiter was not engaged, the restaurant was out of Albita Lite beer,  one of us ordered the catfish po-boy and she received the catfish dinner, another ordered the steak medium and it arrived red in the middle.  My dish (Diablo Chicken) was not spicy at all and when I asked for more Sirachi sauce, he brought the sauce that was already on the chicken.  We had research the menu online and when we asked about hush puppies the waiter informed us the menu changes all the time and hush puppies were not available.  The cornbread was delicious, the pear salad was very good and the beignets were wonderful.  The hostess either did not convey to the waiter my payment request nor the birthday celebration or the waiter did not bother to comply with either.  All in all it was a disappointment, the birthday boy did enjoy his jambalaya.Not sure if were will be back.
5	I've only been here once, but they had me at delicious and complementary corn bread and sweet butter. The Jambalaya is definitely the thing to order here - there are few things in life I regret  not having done, and not ordering this might be one of them.  Fortunately, my husband did order it and I got a chance to slowly devour the enormous shrimp, sausage, and seasoned rice in one bite before he took his plate back.They make their own sweet potato chips as a side. Friendly wait staff, and it's a good place to take children.  We don't come to Fitchburg that often, but we might be back again for Liliana's.
3	This is a time that I really, REALLY wish you could give half-star reviews. I mean, I know everyone says that, but it would be really applicable to this situation. I dined at Liliana's this past Saturday, and I would rank it as a 3.5 star experience. I'd never been to Liliana's before despite living in Madison for close to 10 years. (I know, I was shocked too). The experience was fun, overall.The atmosphere is nice. The dining area and bar are cute.  We had a reservation and arrived a bit early. We had to wait a few minutes, but were still seated by the time our reservation was scheduled for, so it was fair.We were seated and service initially seemed really attentive. The waiter took our drink and appetizer order, and brought the first round and appetizer out promptly. We then ordered our entrees, and I ordered a second drink. Here is where the experience started to go downhill slightly. About 15 minutes after I ordered my second drink (a glass of wine), the waiter came back to ask me what I had ordered again. I guess he forgot? I used to be a server, and I know that's easy to do when you're swamped, but he never mentioned the error. He finally brought the wine out about 45 minutes after I ordered it. If you're keeping track, you'll notice that over an hour has passed since we were initially seated, and still no entrees. Other tables seated after us were also delivered their entrees before we got ours. So, after waiting seemingly forever for our entrees, I was disappointed when, famished, I dug into mine (jambalaya) and it was lukewarm. Again, I suspect the server was swamped and probably didn't bring it out when it was actually ready, and hot. I wouldn't write Liliana's off based on this experience alone, but a couple other reviewers note the same thing about service. Maybe they just need a couple more waiters or something. The food was fairly average, but tasty. The jambalya would have been better if it were served hot. I actually preferred my husband's dish, the Diablo Chicken (served on grits) to mine. Our cheesecurds appetizer was also good, but you can get good fried cheese almost anywhere (God, I love this state!). In short, Liliana's was not bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there if it involved a long wait or something.
2	I think the $10 lunch combo is great.  Could do that every day; however, just had dinner there again and ordered the grilled salmon with haricot verts, smashed new potatoes and a blueberry gastrique.  The main event was the problem.  The salmon was way over cooked.  Should be medium/translucent and was cooked to "dead" and was dry and flavorless.  There was no blueberry gastrique to be found and if it's supposed to be subtle in appearance, then there was no taste at all to it.I wish the Jambalaya didn't have ham in it or I would have ordered that.  People at the table liked it, as well as the etoufee, and Liliana's pasta, which I have had previously and enjoyed.The salmon was not what it should have been at all and it's $19.00!  I've had better for less.On a brigher note, I could eat the delicious cornbread all day long with the scallion infused sweet butter served with it.
4	A great find. Gumbo and smoked wings are excellent. Perfectly seasoned. Mac and cheese is creamy and tasty. Gourmet cajun food, how can you go wrong?
1	I am fed up with so many midwest restaurants calling themselves "Louisiana/New Orleans style" "Creole style" "Southern Style". It's no where near the real deal. It is a complete shame. I dined here a few months back on a Saturday evening. It was pretty late and the restaurant was about to close in a hour or so. This could have been my fault for coming later in the evening when the kitchen was so close to shutting down and not providing good food. Still, for a  $50 meal for two, I expect better. There was a live  jazz band playing. They were very good. It added some good ambience to the restaurant. Really enjoyed the music. Now on to the food My boyfriend and I were giving some cornbread with a honey butter as a starter from our waitress. I know corn bread and this is NOT cornbread. It tasted like Jiffy Mix batter and they added a bit more sugar. I've eaten all kinds of corn bread before, boxed cornbread, homemade cornbread even the class "hot water" cornbread, so I feel like I can safely say that I have a qualified taste pallet to rate  some good cornbread and this just isn't it.The honey butter however was good. It would be proper to add it with a fresh loaf of warm bread. But I am of the belief that when you have a great piece of cornbread in front of you, you do not need to add more butter. The cornbread itself should have enough in it that all you want to do is indulge yourself into another piece. No add ons!Moving on from the cornbread, I order this blackened cash fish dinner with dirty rice and side of I believe blackeye peas with various veggies in it including (collard) greens. My rice was very hard and my blackeye peas were cold. Again, maybe it was a mistake to dine there 1 hour before closing time. My rice tasted like it may had been scrapped from the bottom of the rice cooker and the dish ended up having pork in it which I do not eat. Knowing creole food, I should have asked the waitress beforehand if pork was used in the dish ,so that is of no fault of the restaurant, however, the hard rice and cold peas are. The catfish was blackended to perfection but it lacked flavor. No salt. A pinch would have done the trick. Overall, an extremely disappointing experience and is not in my opinion New Orleans style cuisine. If you were to take this restaurant and move it to New Orleans, they wouldn't survive. Due to their location, I think they stay open simply because they have no other local competition in the area of "creole" cuisine and some people aren't use to either cooking this kind of food themselves or actually experiencing  food straight from New Orleans. I really do not want to be the one review that seems to go overboard but I am very opinionated about this restaurant. I can cook better than what I was served. Sorry.
5	Came for the first time tonight. Ordered the Jambalaya and the Gumbo. Both were really good with the Gumbo bring the favorite of the two. For dessert we had the beignets, 3 tasty treats for $4!!  I highly recommend it!!
2	Sad face. Very sad face.I *love* Liliana's - or should I say, "loved." Based on my previous visits, I couldn't have recommended this place any more than I did. But this most recent visit, on Monday, June 9, 2014 left a seriously bad taste with me.- Arrived and requested seats at the bar, where the service has typically been outstanding. Was told the bar "is pretty much closed because of some Chef thing we're doing, I guess." (read that in a disinterested hostess voice)+ Was seated outside on the front patio. -When I inquired as to whether or not it was non-smoking, the hostess said, "Um, I don't really know. I don't see anyone smoking right now, so my guess is not?" + She later confirmed that it was indeed, non-smoking+ Server, Jeff, arrived quickly, introduced himself, and asked about drinks. I was just in the process of checking in via the Yelp app; I set it down, inquired about the Abita taps, and ordered a Jockamo IPA. Friend ordered a Liliana's Hurricane.- Jeff disappeared for 15 minutes, only reappearing to refill the waters and to tell us that the drinks "were almost ready." I asked if we could order cheese curds, as it had been 15 minutes since we sat down. He took the order and disappeared. - A few minutes later, he arrived; my beer had obviously been sitting at the bar for quite some time, as had the Hurricane - both were extremely sweaty. The ice in the hurricane was nearly completely melted. I suspect Jeff had forgotten about our drinks...- Jeff reappeared and took our food order; a catfish po boy and a burger. I asked for a side of the "cheddar grits" as they sounded excellent and were included with a few of the entrees. He assured me assured this was not a problem.- Cheese curds arrived and they were a mess of exploded, over-cooked, overly salty shells of vapid batter, sans any hint of cheese. We opened every single curd with a fork and knife and found zero cheese - it had all been cooked-out while in the fryer. The tempura-style batter was no match for spending too much time in the fryer. - We couldn't find Jeff to flag him down to alert him to the problem. When he did reappear, I asked him to swing by and explained to him the problem with the curds. He said he'd get a new order. My beer was empty at this point, as was my water, but he was gone so quickly, I didn't have a chance to order a refill.- I also feared that the new curds would arrive at exactly the same time as the entrees... and, my fear was confirmed. Out came the curds, followed by the entrees. Before Jeff could turn around to bolt away, I asked for another beer, and also asked for the wifi password. This seemed to confuse Jeff; he wasn't sure if they had wifi. When I showed him the "Liliana's Guest" wifi network, he said he'd be back with the password...+ Burger was superb. Perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, fresh greens, tasty bleu cheese, and a great bun.- The cheddar grits were anything but grits. They came out in a fried and formed cake-like shape, resembling more of a crab cake than creamy cheddary grits. I cut into the grits and found no semblance of anything grit - it was like a cheesy hash brown. I'm fairly certain grits don't contain chunks of onion and potato.+ Catfish Po Boy was excellent - perfectly cooked catfish, nicely seasoned, tasty slaw, and a hearty, yet not-overwhleming bun. The accompanying side of white bean salad consisted primarily of couscous, pesto, and garlic. Only a few white beans were found.- The second attempt of curds were slightly less blown-out, but they were completely devoid of any "cajun" seasoning (they're sold as Cajun Cheese Curds). Instead, they were terribly salty, greasy, and just not good at all. My friend observed that they tasted like "carnival fair batter" - sweet, and overly salty. - Never saw Jeff again. He didn't bring the password, he didn't follow-up on the meal, and he didn't drop off the check. After sitting for 20 minutes or so, staring helplessly at the restaurant, we got up and went to the bar to grab our check. The table next to us did the same thing; they had a similar service nightmare...$60 for a truly unmemorable meal and an even more forgetful experience (literally). The maddening part was that I saw Chef Dave sitting in the bar, at a long table, surrounded by other chef-types. They were talking about the service industry... as I walked out, the hostess didn't bother to lift her head from her phone - she was busy tapping away on the screen.Ugh. What a polarizing experience... Lovely night at a restaurant that I previously enjoyed beyond compare, with subpar food and truly horrid service. Wow.
5	We love Liliana's, especially for breakfast. Bottomless mimosas this morning were amazing and the crab cakes benedict were predictably amazing.
3	I finally got to check this place out last Sunday, and  was disappointed.My friends and I arrived around 2 pm, and sadly had to order from the brunch menu. My two companions ordered the Shrimp & Grits, and they both loved it. I ordered a standard breakfast plate with cheesy grits, bacon, potatoes and scrambled eggs. I found the bacon overcooked, the potatoes under-seasoned, the eggs too salty and the cheesy grits not cheesy enough. Everything on the plate was perfectly edible, but just not good enough to justify the $9 bill. The portions were also quite small.We enjoyed sitting outside on the patio, and our server was nice and attentive.I'll probably stop back again to try one of their lunch or dinner options.
5	Spot on every time - cooked to perfection and awesome (and innovative) flavors.I absolutely love the Tuesday fixed menu.  3 courses, a new theme every week that each dish ties into (S'Mores, Beets, PG-13 (think Pork Butt), and only $25 or a little extra if you want to try the wine pairings that go with.  The jambalaya is on the menu every day and is to die for - every time we think about going out for dinner that is what my boyfriend asks for.  I just moved from Fitchburg to Verona, which means I'll be much farther away from Liliana's but I have a feeling I'll be making the trek.
2	I've been here three times with mixed results. We had breakfast here with my parents and it was horrific. Our meals came out cold. As in, were not even remotely warm. Their remedy for that was to pop the dishes in the microwave and give us free beignets. Our dinner experience was ok, but our dishes were soaked in oil and made us feel sick afterwards. Our happy hour experience was great. They have an extensive wine collection and nice appetizers. The ambiance is great and live music is a plus since they book very talented musicians. If Liliana's management reads this, I would recommend that you use less oil on your dishes and hire more conscientious wait staff.
1	Have been meaning to try this place so hit them up at the Agora Art Fair. After one bite of cornbread, I had to throw it away. It tasted like a gummy glob of white flour. I've had less then stellar cornbread plenty of times, but it's usually still edible. This was not.But it was fabulous compared to the red beans and rice. They were only lukewarm when served so I neglected to have any. My dining companion was starving, so ate some anyway. Couldn't even finish the tiny 6 dollar cup of them they were so bad. Lucky me and poor him -- he got food poisoning from them.Never again.
5	Great service at the bar and stellar food. Subtle live music to enlighten your soul. What else can you want on a hangry day?
4	Always enjoy coming here. Food is good, love the bands, and chief is very friendly.
4	Being new to Madison, and a former New Orleans resident, I was hoping I would love this place.  I got a chance to take my wife on a rare dinner date, and we both ate until we were stuffed!  We were greeted and given mardi gras beads by Lily, our 7-year-old hostess.  She was sweet, and funny, and checked up on us during the meal.  Quite entertaining. The highlight of the meal was Cajun fried cheese curds with tempura batter.  I'd been told in advance that these were awesome, and after the first bite, they immediately climbed into the "best in Madison" position.  The cornbread and house-made butter was melt-in-your mouth.  I craved some raw oysters on the half-shell and enjoyed those with excellent cocktail sauce.  For entrees, I ordered the crawfish etoufee and my wife had the smoked tofu.  I was pleasantly surprised that the etoufee was garnished with boiled crawfish and a few plump shrimp.  The only thing that was moderately disappointing was the sazerac, one of my favorite drinks.  I was probably looking forward to that as much as anything, but it tasted a bit overly sweet and kind of watered down.  We only got to hear a bit of the jazz before we left, but it sounded great, and next time we'll look forward to staying longer.  All in all, an excellent, affordable experience!
2	Started off with a bang. The appetizers were awesome (steak bruschetta and loaded tater tots). The service for our large group was very slow.  Took an hour to get our entrees.  The entrees were just ok.  No one from our group raved about their meal.  Overall, disappointing.
4	Steak was over cooked, but after it was fixed it was delicious.  My wife had the file' gumbo and would give it a four.  The angus filet and sides were excellent.
4	Sit at the bar and all will be well. Outstanding. Great service, awesome live music, and again - the steaks here are unreal. I've learned my lesson - I'll always sit at the bar, and that'll ensure a great experience.
3	I came her with a larger group, and the waiter (also one of the bartenders) mixed up the orders of two people who ordered filet mignon. The girl who ordered hers medium well started eating the one that was medium rare, cutting around the "undercooked" part, so the guy who got the dry-as-a-bone meat had to wait for another to be cooked off. It was unfortunate, but they corrected the mistake and offered free beignets to our entire party.The cheese board was kind of pathetic. I had the jambalaya, which was pretty decent. The curds are just okay. I've been spoiled by The Old Fashioned. I got the creme brulee for dessert, and the crunchy burnt part on top was awesome, but overall it was just way too large and half of it ended up going to waste.They have tons of vegetarian options, and the jambalaya with seitan looks so good. Next time I go back, I'll have to try out their dishes with seitan! It was an overall positive dining experience and I'd give it another shot.
5	Not sure why there are all the haters. This place always amazes.  The chef is a great guy and the food is incredible.  We had our wedding here and just continue to return for the food and ambiance.  One of the best kept secrets in the Madison area.  If you haven't tried it, you should.  They offer an impressive wine list and will do any wine by the glass.  We get great service and food every time we come here.  The Lilliana's burger will stand tall against any gourmet burger, the smoked wings amazing and if you like spicy the Chicken Diablo........ One word...... Sriracha!
5	Excellent food and service.  Our bartender/server Jeremiah was top notch with his recommendations and timing.  I don't like food too hot so they offered the "heat" on the side.   Loved it!
4	Had shrimp creole along with bananas foster with bread pudding!  Flavor and portions was what I expected. Ordered online and brought back to my riom, doesn't get much better then that.
3	This is my second time here and I have to say the food here is awesome and fulfilling! Our service however, was only okay as our waitress wasn't as attentive as we would've liked. We ordered oysters as an appetizer and I will have to say we could've gone for another order! The sauce that came along with it was perfect!  I had the mushroom risotto with chicken and it was jam packed with creamy goodness! My sister had the jambalaya and my brother-in-law had the e'toffee. Both equally delicious. They have a "ghost pepper" sauce that my bro-in-law added into his dish as well. If you like spicy....I dare you to add the sauce!
5	Hands down the best Cajun food in the Midwest.  Gumbo, jambalaya, cornbread all excellent.
5	I've always had wonderful dining experiences at Liliana's. During a recent brunch visit, I thoroughly enjoyed my shrimp and grits. I thought the shrimp were perfectly spiced and grilled. I appreciated they were fully shelled so I didn't have to create a mess with that. The gravy that's on the grits is truly amazing and I generally do not care for gravy.Service was excellent during our recent Sunday visit, which is similar to our past experiences.There was a man playing guitar, which made the experience that much nicer. The music was not too loud and complimented the atmosphere.During other visits I have also enjoyed their extensive wine list. They do a great job with that.I recommend a visit to Liliana's for dinner or brunch. The decor, service, food and music make it a unique dining experience.
3	I was completely underwhelmed by this establishment. First, let me say the service is superb. Absolutely friendly, attentive, wonderful. The menu seems large but it just does not seem to have very may options. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich with a cup of soup and a white bean salad. The salad lacked any flavor whatsoever. It was served cold and just felt like slimy little beads in my mouth.The sandwich was good. It was a twist on a traditional chicken salad. The bread was hearty, yet you could bite into it easily. Nothing great. The soup was ok but it had (possibly a cream or yogurt swirl) served over the top. Just not really for me.I doubt I would go back.
4	We popped int o Lilis on a friday evening at 8 and were promptly seated, which was great.  I was very impressed by their "by the glass" wine selection.  Sometimes you want to have a couple different wines! I had the Diablo Chicken.  It was good but not great.  We were warned it was a little spicy. It wasn't spicy at all.  The chicken was a bit on the dry side. My girlfriend had the mushroom risotto which was bomb.  Our waiter recommended that we add shrimp to the dish, and we're glad we did!  The dish had great flavor and texture. I would definitely order it again.
5	My husband just took me to Liliana's this past Sunday for my golden birthday! (I turned 28 on the 28th :) It was so great. A few years ago, we went to New Orleans and I had a very difficult time finding things to eat that weren't covered in slabs of oil and bread crumbs, so finding a cajun place with a fantastic vegetarian/vegan selection sent me over the moon.On a Sunday night right after Christmas, it was pretty empty, but a friend said it's usually packed. Our service was just okay -- our appetizer was obviously forgotten and came out with our food and getting to us initially took a while. But they made up for it with a free dessert and champagne!I had the mushroom po' boy without blue cheese (provolone instead) that also came with a white bean salad and these beautiful, delicate sweet potato swirls. They were so fresh and light, I LOVED them. The white bean salad was also excellent and I wish I could get a scoop of it for work! The sandwich was tasty, especially with the crispy bread, though I think the flavor was a little muted for me since I got provolone instead. It was missing something to give it a special kick ... but I truly despise blue cheese.We ordered the veggie tots for an appetizer, but they came with the meal. We also didn't get the corn bread & jalapeno butter until the meal. Both were SO yummy.For dessert, they came us a free creme brulee, and then we ordered the almond cake to take home.The part that impressed me the most was after all of that food, I didn't feel overly full or gross. I felt like I could run around the parking lot even! It wasn't that portions were insanely small or anything, either. Everything just tasted fresh and like the chef really knows how to balance spices and fried stuff.Can't wait to go back!
