4	Small portions but good fresh food. I enjoyed the chorizo breakfast burrito and the cinnamon roll. Both were very good and I would come back to order them again. Was a bit shocked to see the counter where we ordered dirty and with hair on it :/The service was good overall and it was quick and at a good price point. Not a trendy Scottsdale breakfast joint. Which can be good or disappointing depending on who you are.
5	Sooooo happy!! My husband and I used to live right next door to their first location and when we moved, I missed going there so much! And then they did it! They opened a second location near my new place. I was so excited to go here for their first opening weekend. Sat on the patio with my dogs and had the amazing Chicago Brizza (breakfast pizza) which is one of my favorite things. I love the atmosphere of this place, and the food is always great! Prices are good. The weekend we were there, the food was kinda slow to come out, but it was opening weekend so I'm giving them a break. I'm sure it will get better. Honestly I am so glad to have my favorite breakfast place back.
4	What a fun, well designed concept.  I came in just before 10am on a weekday with my kids.  There was an impressive amount of people eating & we know why... This breakfast joint is solid. The veggie omelette was a good size for me, but may be a tad small for more aggressive eaters. The kids pancakes were super big... At 3.99 a great deal. The food was a bit over saturated with butter from cooking, but I'm giving the kitchen staff a break with 4 stars as I know they will hit their rhythm soon and this place will be packed. With decent parking and a cool modern vibe I definitely recommend it.
1	Paid close to $9 for burned potatoes that were tasteless and dry. Said light cheese on spinach and mushroom eggs, came with no cheese. Seems like just another overpriced joint to me. Won't be going back.
5	Wow!  What a great restaurant!  Fabulous breakfast (I had the southwestern burrito), great coffee and the most attentive staff I've seen in years!  Breakfast and lunch only.  "Bacon  infused Bloody Mary"!!!  If it wasn't so early and I had already worked out I would absolutely try it!
2	This place seems HIGHLY overrated. I went there Sunday morning, it was pretty packed and there was a long line ahead of us when we arrived. Though i doubt it'll maintain that sort of traffic once everyone's tried it a first time and i don't see this place as having too many regulars once the hype of the grand opening blows over. Its also somewhat expensive $$$ (we paid $30 for 2 people) so if you're footing the bill for more than just yourself be prepared to pay a decent amount of money for not that much food, food which i didnt find to be all that great in the first place. I ordered a large coffee drink and failed to realize until after i had paid that it cost $6 just for that (pretty sure i pay less at Starbucks for a similar type of drink). Also we waited a good 20/25 minutes to get our food once we ordered. None of it was worth it.  Personally i wouldn't recommend this place, i definitely won't be going there again (shame too because its literally right across the street from where i love) its all hype and to pricey for me for a Sunday breakfast.
1	One of the biggest disappointments I have seen in awhile  - come on, how hard is it to make amazing breakfast?  I had the Egg Sandwich.  Un toasted white bread soaked in butter with process cheese?  I will give it one more chance.
5	I'm always in a rush, but I love a great breakfast, so this place is perfect in my mind... The food is very good and it's fast, plus it's all local, so it's super fresh! They are very attentive to your opinion, so when they come around and ask how something is, don't be afraid to tell them if you don't enjoy it.
1	We were a party of four and everyone of us were very disappointed. For a place that specializes in breakfast the food was terrible. With a name like "Scramble" we thought fantastic this place should have great breakfast. Wrong! The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer. Our omelette's  were runny, we requested our toast to be buttered and it wasn't and we didn't know it was going to be cafeteria style eating.  Oh well you don't know until you try right?  I think some changes made could make it a good place to eat but they just don't have a niche for food that will WOW you!
1	My friend and I work at a hotel in the area and people are always asking for recommendations on places to grab a bite to eat. That is why we enjoy going around the 'Old Town' area to try new restaurants so that we can recommend them to our guests based on personal experience...and honestly we are not going to recommend Scramble to anyone. My friend and I went on a Sunday morning and we open the door to a long line of people. We moved a few feet in about 5 minutes but then the line completely stopped. A lady that was standing right behind us went up to the register and asked why the line had stopped and she was told by a regular employee that management asked her to stop taking orders for 10 minutes to allow the rest of the staff to "catch up". By this time the line was extending past the door. A few minutes later another employee came through with a tray of small orange juices for people to try and when she was asked about the situation she seemed unprepared to explain what was going on, and somewhat a little undertrained, granted a manager should be the one dealing with customers that are annoyed, therefore, I don't think it was her fault. 10 minutes passed and the line still has not moved at all. The same girl passed by us but this time there was scraps of food on the tray. Both times she began at the the end of the line...the people that have not been waiting the longest...and by the time she got up towards the beginning of the line, where we were, there was nothing left. Finally, after about 15 minutes of standing in one spot the couple that was behind us went up to the counter again to talk and they ended up leaving. They were not making the situation any better but looking back at the situation they were smart for doing so. It was at least 25 minutes before they began to take orders again. I felt bad for the girl taking orders at the register because she was the front line in dealing with a full line of angry customers. We got our food number and went to sit down only to wait for about another 15 minutes for our food. However, sitting back and really analyzing the situation is when our eyes were opened. It was the employees that were trying to make things a little better for the guests. Out of the 3 managers that I saw only one was making any attempt to smooth things over with people. A couple sitting next to us got free coffee and two other men got a free meal. This puzzled me because even though we had been waiting just as long, it seemed like they were just pin pointing certain people to give incentives to. Everywhere you looked there was disappointment written across peoples faces. There was a group outside that was talking to management for a while and left in a fury. Finally, we got our food. My friend got the veggie scramble with potatoes and a cup of fresh fruit. The whole plate was lacking flavor and the potatoes were rubbery. She had to cover the eggs in Cholula and the potatoes in ketchup. The side of fruit was tiny and for almost $3 it was not worth it. I got the wholegrain pancakes with the fruit. The pancakes were doughy and it was just plain. The food, in my opinion, was overpriced for what you got.I think that I would have given them a higher rating if management would have made more of an effort to fix things. As I mentioned, we both work for a hotel in the area, my friend at the front desk and myself in the restaurant, therefore, we are both VERY familiar with guest services and dealing with angry guests. Management had their regular staff go around to do damage control, but none of them knew the first thing to do or say. In my eyes that isn't their job, it should be management that should have to do that. They could have done so much more to make the experience a little better, but they didn't. That is why we are never going back and we are not going to recommend any of our guests to go there.
3	Food was fine but nothing special... Clean, sleek ambiance with a nice patio. The indoor seating area is all wide open so you're right next to the person at the next table with no barriers. Can be really loud when busy. Lots of vegan options if that's important to you...I prefer Wildflower which is right up the street.
2	New location for Scramble A Breakfast Join restaurant.  Loved the idea (never been to one), but the food was less than just OK.  Been to Breakfast Club, Over Easy and love those types of breakfast restaurants, Pancakes, French Toast, Waffle etc, but at Scramble, the eggs came out cold, french toast was average and the syrup, is corn syrup from a 5 gallon jug.  Worst syrup.  You would think they could use real maple.  I would have enjoyed the breakfast, but food was average and cold.  Service was great tho, very nice people there.  Expected more tho. wanted it to be awesome.
4	Cute new breakfast spot with a cool, modern atmosphere. Really nice patio - it wasn't very busy when I went for brunch (around noon on a Saturday), but I've heard it gets packed earlier in the day. It's an order-at-the-counter type of a place, when I went it wasn't a long wait and our food was brought out relatively quickly. I had the Southwest Burrito - a breakfast burrito with chorizo, cheddar, avocado, egg and jalapeno cream cheese. I'm also an avocado nut and it definitely could have used more avocado - it had a very small amount. It was good, a little heavier than I'm used to with the cream cheese and the tortilla was very buttery. I'm glad I don't know the calorie count or I probably wouldn't have eaten for the rest of the day.  A lot of the menu items are served with hash browns - they were ok, nothing amazing, but not bad. Overall a good experience here - I live in the neighborhood so I'm sure I'll be back.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I mean it is super cute and we need another breakfast place in the area. That being said, the coffee is awful. Coffee is the most important item at any breakfast place and their's tastes dreadful. My second complaint was the food. Don't get me wrong - it wasn't disgusting or anything, but I can make better breakfast at home so why should I go there to pay their crazy high prices for breakfast? It just isn't worth the price.
5	Our new best breakfast place in Scottsdale.  From greeter to table servers, these are the nicest breakfast folk around!  The simple things are often the very best: I had the delicious French toast and wonderful big lean crispy bacon, with an iced espresso.  Dog friendly and great!
1	Just ate at Scramble and had a poor and terrible experience. If your looking for a better experience you are better off going to McDonalds. The food is a poor quality. For example, we ordered a Cinnamon Bun that came with a glob of icing-- poor presentation.  The employees said the orange juice is freshly squeezed however it  was not!! The eggs also tasted like rubber.  My recommendation is to avoid this restaurant!!
2	First of all, standing in a long line to order reading boards and then getting to the register and have people not remembering what they wanted, is not very functional or conducive to fast service. Maybe they should have a do it yourself check off menu. On a busy Saturday only having one register open is ridiculous. Maybe they want the line to be out the door to make it appear popular. I ordered the basic breakfast. Couldn't taste the rosemary in the hash browns. Eggs ok, but luke warm. Toast hard and unbuttered! Had to ask for butter. Not available at their self service station. Pancakes not hot. Butter wouldn't even melt on them. Artificial maple syrup. Prices high, service slow, noisy, food not hot and mediocre at best. Go to Butterfields or US Egg for sit down service and hot yummy food. Won't be back.
4	This place is good. I have only ordered to go, and I always get the sunrise sandwich, which is very good. Gracious service and neat concept. The patio is dog friendly.
1	Extremely dissatisfied. First, the wait at the door was ridiculously slow.  Not that there that many people in front of us, just that the person taking orders at the counter was very, very slow. Next, the prices were outrageous for what we ordered. We found a table and sat down. Once the food arrived, we found the portion size adequate, but the presentation was not good. Also, my omelette was prepared incorrectly, and had to be sent back. If you're looking for a good breakfast place with reasonable prices, a great waitstaff, and big portions, go to Randy's.
4	I really liked my mid-week visit here for breakfast.  It wasn't busy at all and the service was fast and friendly.I had the meat lovers scramble with hash browns and toast.  It was all very good and the hash browns in particular were cooked perfectly.
2	The only thing "wrong" this place is that it is located in Scottsdale where there are other fantastic breakfast places. True, the ordering process was painfully slow. The food is average. There are better places to go....but if you're in this exact area, you won't leave hungry.
4	Great place to go for a quick breakfast.  It's set up like Pei Wei, so easy to order and find a seat.  Food was really good and came out fast!  I'd recommend to anyone.
4	Good banana smoothies. The place was packed and we were still served in about 15min. I was impressed. Everything was fresh and hot. Breakfast sandwiches are good. I look forward to trying the breakfast pizzas next time.
4	Good food, friendly staff, clean, modern atmosphere. Some may feel the price point is a tad high for some of the portions you get. However, the quality of the food is worth the price. A solid, quickly prepared breakfast! Will definitely go back and try some more of their menu.  I had one of the "breakfast pizzas," the Toluca brizza, very tasty! Great multigrain pancakes. Fresh OJ, good coffee.  It's a partial service sort of set up. You order at a counter, you get your own drinks, then they serve your food to you wherever you choose to sit.  Do you tip at a place like this?
4	Great place for breakfast! Food comes out fast and fresh, and there are several options. Smoothies are good, I recommend Banana-Peach. Also, the Sunrise Sandwich is delicious! Modern atmosphere, and I like that you can choose to sit inside or outside.
3	Went back to Scramble for Mother's Day. Cameron kept his word and comped two breakfasts for me and my mom on Mother's Day. Food was much better this time. Service excellent.
3	UPDATE:I'm updating my review based on my last few visits.The service at scramble is definitely starting to slip. The last few orders that I picked up, no one was there to check me out and I eventually had to just flag someone down, interrupt the other people trying to order so that I could pick up my to go order. I was not greeted, nor did anyone ask what I was standing there waiting for. They now have online ordering which is great, but some kinks to work out.  I have yet to have that process go smoothly. The first time somehow part of what I ordered got  changed and they made something different.  The second time I had a typo in my billing address so my payment didn't  go through.  The online system requires you to put in a phone number so that they can contact you, yet when I arrived they told me that they do not get my phone number so they couldn't call me.  They pretty much blew me off during both of these errors and made no statement that they were going to attempt to improve the system, so that's a little bit troublesome.The food is still great but service , not so much.
2	Second time was not a charm. The food remained just okay. Not bad, not good. Too many other good places to go for breakfast. And it's not cheap considering its counter service.
3	Finally a breakfast joint I can eat at! I usually hate going out for breakfast because I am the friend who cant eat anything on the menu. This place has an awesome vegan menu! I had the vegan tofu scramble. Now I am a critic because I am an excellent vegan cook and I have mastered the tofu scramble. This dish definitely lacked some spices, I recommend turmeric and paprika. Get creative with some onion, garlic, and corn. Tofu scramble should always have a side of salsa.. vegans aren't boring, we like to eat with flavor. Other than that tough criticism, my friend loved his breakfast burrito! He said we will be back forsure!And I will be back to try out the rest of the vegan menu.
2	Loud! Loud! Loud!  Why?  Do people really enjoy having breakfast where the music is as loud as the club they were in last night? I like to visit with friends over breakfast and be able to have a conversation, hear one another without screaming.  I can't think of any good reason to have the music so loud, and it's even louder in the bathroom.
4	So I went back and tried it one more time at the request of the owner. No more hard potatoes. They changed it to hash browns. Pretty good.
1	Really disappointing experience. Cute place but noisy. The bacon was good and the costa burrito was good. The hash browns were undercooked. Out first and last time!
2	The food was just okay NOTHING special.  There's so many other great breakfast places to eat in Arizona!  Don't waste your money here especially since you will pay the same amount as you would at a full service restaurant.  The idea of waiting in line to order food and having to get your own coffee is not appealing.  It makes the breakfast seem even more over priced than it already is!  DON'T GO HERE!!!
2	1st time here for breakfast.  Passed it many times and thought we would give it a try.  It has clean looking and contemporary feel to it and I think it probably works great for the childless free wheeling set but the only thing kid friendly about his place is the quality precision made German high chairs that are stacked up in the corner. I think they have a market that they are successful in and they really set the place up to work for that.  Just didn't work for kids, and I have a few so perhaps I'm asking this place to be something it is not.  As far as the food goes most everyone was satisfied but the food lacked character.  My 19 year old loved the Sunrise Sandwich but that was the only really positive comment on the food. The only bright spot for this experience was the service.  Everyone in the place seemed genuinely happy to be there. They answered all of our questions completely and confidently knew the menu and really made us feel welcome.  I really want to know who staffed the place so I can hire them to run hr at my company.
3	My fiance and I were really excited this place was opening.  It's always fun to have new restaurants to try in the area.Unfortunately I wasn't too impressed this time.  I got the Steak & Eggs, and everything that came with it (steak, hashbrowns, eggs), had way too much seasoning on it.  It was good, but could've definitely been better.  Not worth $11.In an area that has terrific breakfast spots like "Orange Table," "Morning Squeeze," and "Breakfast Club," Scramble will need to up its game in order to compete.
1	My first mistake I think was not sticking with the breakfast portion of the menu in a place that is known for breakfast.  But it was lunch time and the Cuban Panini sounded so good...but was SO disappointing! One of my fellow diners also ordered a panini - the roast beef...we both sent them back to the kitchen because the cheese wasn't even melted.  Then they came back over toasted and hard to eat.  The third person in our party stayed true to the breakfast side of the menu and mostly enjoyed her meal except for the burned toast.  Whomever is supervising the kitchen should get their act together and take a look at the dishes as they are going out to the guest! Who would send out burned toast and call that acceptable??? One of us had a side salad with the disastrous panini's and there was a the core stem from a head of lettuce mixed in! I showed it to our waiter, who took it and showed it to a "manager", but we got no response, we paid our bill and left very disappointed.  I have two words for management at Scramble:  QUALITY CONTROL!! Breakfast is the easiest type of cooking there is, and doing it poorly suggests boredom in the kitchen and a true lack of supervision.  And turning out food like we were served yesterday is unacceptable.I would be willing to give Scramble another try, for the benefit of the doubt.  Most of the other patrons around us seemed to enjoy their meals.  Everyone has a bad day now and then.  I'll stick to breakfast next time.
3	Just as yelp states 3 stars mean- this place is A-OK. Not too much to complain about other than the fact that it's nothing spectacular. I got the veggie omelette which I liked, hash browns were good. It was breakfast and it filled me up and it wasn't bad so that's A-OK by my book. If you're looking for a quick easy meal which is not too expensive, this is definitely a good choice. Looking for a leisurely and amazingly delicious brunch, prob not the right place. Every restaurant has a niche and they are filling convenient, healthy, friendly very well.
5	Best French toast in town period.  I've tried everything on the menu and my whole family loves it.  The vegan hash is out of this world, and so is the vegan French toast.  My wife being vegan everywhere we go I get to try the vegan option and they're excellent at scramble.  Also their egg cook must have been hatched himself; he cooks basted eggs like Elvis ruled rock n roll. My kids just love the Brizzas.  What kid doesn't like pizza? It's like the best of both worlds pizza and breakfast - get outta here awesome. Also their servers and cashiers are always quick and helpful.  I've never had less than excellent service in my 30 plus times going to scramble (at either location for that matter).  For all the snobby A-holes in Scottsdale that want to have their hand held and want to piss and moan about ingredients I don't know how Scramble isn't at the top,of their list.  Everything is fresh and Local.  Their eggs come from the farm same or next day.  I tried butterfields and butters and us egg and I just don't like them nearly as well.  Not as fresh, not as hip, not as nice of people.  Hands down the breakfast spot in Scottsdale for anyone that likes casual, delicious, dog friendly, courteous, fresh, and local it's Scramble.  Do your research you won't find fresher ingredients or nicer folks.  Oh and The patio is perfect for Scottsdale.  I've worked in restaurants and restaurant management for over 20 years and these guys are doing it right, paying it forward and it's paying off.  And if you are one of the people that doesn't like it - good go to Denny's enjoy a grand slam =/
2	I really wanted to like Scramble. It had a cool design and was just across the street from my house. I gave it a couple of shots but, the food is not that good. The southwest burrito is very bland. The eggs benedict were very unimpressive. The multi-grain pancakes were the best thing sampled off the menu but, I ordered those with chocolate chips and was charged two dollars to have 10 chocolate chips sprinkled over the top and nothing else in the batter.
4	I had the spicy bloddy mary and the spinach and mushroom scramble. They asked how spicy and accomodated my request. The food was served quicklly and it was very good.
4	Disagree with the negative comments. Scramble - A Breakfast Joint and its companion in Scottsdale - rock!  If you are looking for breakfast and brunch than you have found the right place.  The pancakes are filling and amazing.  The sweet potato hash - BAM that just happened! Our favorite... the southwest / Santa Fe eggs from the Egg Whisperer.  Wow.  Great place.  Great food.
5	order at the counter and they bring it to you. lots of options for meat eaters, vegetarians, and even vegans! everything looks and smells so delicious. i had the veggie omelette. it was plenty big and loaded with perfectly cooked veggies. i substituted hash browns for the sweet potatoe hash. another very good breakfast option.
4	Went there on a Sunday morning for breakfast, wasn't quite sure about the ordering process.  Menu on the wall, walk up, order, pay & seat yourself.  Staff was excellent, explained everything and we helped ourselves to coffee.  Place was very clean and had a wide variety of people.  Our food came out quickly, looked good, everything was cooked to order and tasted great.   I didn't really like the hash browns, but the bacon was amazing!   Staff came by to check on us a few times. All in all it was a good experience.  I would go back again. Keep up the good work Scramble!
3	Went about 10 AM on a Sunday with a $8 for $20 deal. It was busy, but we were at a table within 10 minutes.You wait in line to order then they bring you your food. Free coffee and water while you wait. I ordered grain cakes & bacon plus sourdough toast. The toast was great, bacon was medium thickness and crisp. The pancakes were about 60% cooked, the rest not so much. I started slowing down after a waitress came by a couple times then I noticed the doneness.I'm not the best a cooking pancakes and these were thick and had a good taste, so I'll give them a pass.  Plus I could have said something.Clean and friendly place, food is 3 stars because although good it wasn't enough to bring me back amongst the large selection of breakfast places.
5	Five shining stars I have rate here for being highly impressed. The affordable menu for all types of taste buds is definitely a crowd pleaser. The menu has traditional options along with some nice tasty treats you won't find at other breakfast joints. Scramble opens early in the  morning serving breakfast to closing in the early afternoon for breakfast/lunch.I dined in for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. The cinnamon was my main entree. If you have a sweet tooth then this roll will keep you satisfied. Served warm loaded with a sweet frosting that is smooth like butter drizzled down the roll that melts right into your mouth. I washed it down with a fresh squeezed OJ. I had a side of Turkey Bacon that you could tell was fresh. It was delicious. I ordered light this time but was ooooweeeing and eyeing my friends plates who had a wide variety of breakfast along with lunch options. No complaints at my table all were VERY happy. Now I got to figure out what I will try next.Just some added bonuses I thought I should mention:Trendy environmentBig Screen TVSelf Service Soft DrinksCLEAN EstablishmentFriendly service with a smile by ALL employeesEasy to read menus on a big screen
4	This place is really nice, open and very modern looking, with clean lines.  I shared a prime rib panini with my husband and the cinnamon roll.  Both were delicious.  I don't eat beef very often, but when I do I expect it to be good.  This was excellent, I am actually craving one writing this review.  I saw other items being delivered that looked great.  The french toast looked so good and the hash browns seems so yummy  I almost ordered a side.  Our service was prompt and friendly.  It is a counter order kind of place.  I am sure I will be back for some more.  Parking in the area is tight if you are going to stay longer than 30 minutes.  I am not sure what they will do once other restaurants open.  I will try to go during off peak times.
5	Came here today after trying their other location. Both locations are excellent. Great selection of foods and high-quality too. The best part is their flatbread pizzas for breakfast! Very good and very unique. I recommend the egg, bacon, Gouda pizza. Was one of the better breakfasts I've had in a long time!
5	Really enjoyed our first visit here with the Living Social deal! Friendly staff and great place for families with young kids!
4	Went on a Sunday late morning. Food was good, very fresh and healthy. Nice presentation. Reasonable prices. Service was average, but it was busy. Tables a bit tight, but at least we did not have to wait for one. I recommend Scramble and will go again.
3	This place will do well because it's trendy and modern inside. A cool ambiance..the food is just ok. The hash browns had way too much salt in them. The mushroom, spinach scramble was dry and bland.. Huevos Rancheros were just ok. But hey, it's probably a hip place to be so food is secondary I guess.
4	Service was great.  Food was OK.  Went on Sunday around noon.  Line out the door, parking lot was packed with cars.  Didn't know what to expect.  It's a walk up and order, find a table and they bring you your food type of place.  Staff was super friendly.Had the Meat lover scramble - basically scrambled eggs w sausage, ham and bacon, side of pancakes (nice a fluffy!), hashbrowns.  Western omelet very similar to the scramble, toast and hashbrowns.  For $2.99 you get 2 slices of bacon.
5	Found out about this place thanks to yelp as I was looking for a breakfast joint with non-dairy options for delicious food.  The menu had what I was looking for and the prices were right so we decided to check it out early this Thursday morning.  There was no wait and they answered my questions easily.  Instead of soy milk, they had almond milk as cream for my coffee which I have not found anywhere else thus far.  BIG BONUS.  I ordered the vegan french toast since others had said it was worth trying with a side of sausage patties after asking if any whey or eggs were involved and being told that they were not.The food was heavenly.  Fiance got the mushroom and spinach egg scramble and was satisfied.  I was beyond impressed.  This will be my new go-to place for breakfasty type meals.
5	Clean, modern joint with delicious food and coffee. Big servings and friendly staff. Came early on a Monday morning so crowd wasn't that bad.
4	(Lyrics - Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started)Everybody, everybody, let's get into it.Get ScrambleGo to scramble, go to scramble, go to scramble.Let's go to Scramble(ha), let's go to Scramble and YelpLet's go to Scramble(ha), let's go to Scramble and YelpLet's go to Scramble(ha), let's go to Scramble and YelpLet's go to Scramble(ha), let's go to Scramble and YelpYelpScramble is modern breakfast and brunch joint that will keep breakfast in your mind all day long!I attended with a friend and was delighted by the atmosphere.  Light and bright with some buzz.  If I was tired from the morning; not anymore!  The place is hip and hopping, order in line and pick a seat kind of place.  I went with the Meat Lovers Scramble and cup of Americana coffee -- why don't they just call it a cup of Joe!  Anyways, they even have breakfast pizza here! Cowabunga!  That's definitely new and something I'll go for next time around.  My Meat Lovers was yummy, Applewood bacon, ham, sausage, and Monterey Jack cheese in a mesh of eggs and hash browns!  A running mans breakfast haha!  The bacon brought the saltiness, while the melted cheese supplied the sweet mush and the hash browns was a hit with the crunch.  Add some hot sauce and yippy!Overall, great place for breakfast and brunch; plus it's down the street from where I live so that's always a plus in my books! - Enjoy!
4	Amazing breakfast and atmosphere! It was a little pricey but I will definitely come back!
4	I enjoyed my visit here and I was happy to see they are part of Yelp Check-In For Children.  The food, service and atmosphere were all very good.  The menu had a lot of variety and the prices are affordable.  If you are looking for a good breakfast place then I suggest Scramble. I suggest the French Toast!
5	We are from Tucson, and found this breakfast gem on Yelp!  Each of enjoyed the friendly service, hip and clean atmosphere, and the yummy food. The food came out quickly, and was very tasty. The steak and eggs were a great deal, my huevos rancheros was organized and tasty, and my wife loved her veggie scramble. We especially liked the coffee/spice bar in the middle of the room (they have Cholula!). The only thing that could be added to it is a cinnamon shaker. Great place!  We will be back!
4	I went to scramble for a late breakfast with my father and sister. The restaurant was very clean and organized. The menu was very easy to read and concise. I ordered the southwest burrito which was pretty damn good! The service was pretty good... food got delivered in a timely manner. I will be back soon!
1	Food quality was not great. Definitely better options in Scottsdale. Everything seemed a bit watered down compared to other brunch spots around town.
3	Shiny, adorable egg-themed restaurant with yummy fare at slightly inflated prices.The place is super cute, with lots of cute touches. Order at the counter, then they bring your food.The food is tasty but in smallish portions for the price. Aside from interesting sweet potato hash and vegan versions of lots of things, they have relatively unremarkable choices. We'll probably be back to try a few other items.
4	Cute little breakfast spot. I had the Huevos Rancheros, which were delicious. Not smothered in enchilada sauce like most places. I was a little disappointed at first that it came with chips instead of tortillas, but the crunch was a nice addition. Even though you order up front then sit down (in which most places you never hear from anyone after you get your food) the girls here are on top of their game and checked in with me half way through my meal. If I lived here I would definitely be back!
5	My boyfriend and I come to Scramble for breakfast every Sunday. We absolutely love it here, he normally gets the Chicago brizza because it's the best thing on the menu! Everything is delicious, including their drinks. I swear they have the best dirty chai in town!
4	Love love love this nice little local breakfast chain.  The eggs benedict -all varieties - are delicious.   I love the vegan french toast.  Yum.  Coffee is good with plenty of sweetener and lightener options.  Nice pet friendly patios and friendly staffs.
4	I decided to get a quick bite to eat. Scramble is really close in proximity to where I live so I decided to get there. Got the Southwest burrito without cheese which was delicious! I want to try new things but the Southwest burrito gets me every time! Customer service was one of the best I've had among any restaurant. Keep up the good work!
1	I found this place so disappointing especially based on the location. I had to go hunt for someone to tell me where the ice water was. And then the napkins. And then the coffee cup lid. Someone should have tipped me!
3	Good place to go if you want a quick breakfast. Order at the bar and then take a seat. They do serve bloody Mary's and mimosas so that is nice. Need to work on the menu as it is kind of limited for your average breakfast joint. Eggs Benedict Was good. Coffee drink was too sweet.
1	Manager took and repeated order for a gf breakfast sandwich. Halfway through realized it was not gf. Spoke to him he didn't even apologize. Heading home to deal with consequences. Won't be back.
5	To put it simply, I love this place! Great food, and very clean environment. After reading the other reviews, I'm not sure what the big deal is about ordering your food standing vs. sitting. If anything you're not sitting at the table waiting for a server to come by, and they do still service your table with a smile. My fave dish is the "southwest burrito" yum! The owner Clay is always involved and eager to make sure food goes out fresh and hot! And my favorite thing about scramble, is their dog friendly patio! It's hard enough to find a great breakfast joint let alone a dog friendly restaurant. Combine the 2 and you've got scramble...enjoy!
5	Scramble #2 this place is impressive, a great looking restaurant and to back it up the same great service as there phoenix location.a good place to have a morning screwdriver or just a quality cup of coffee.they also have cooking classes which are so much fun can't wait for the next one.
3	About us:  My husband and I live in Scottsdale and go out to breakfast once every weekend.  I try to pick a different place each time because I'm adventurous and we haven't yet found a place to become a regular favorite.  This review is for the:  Scottsdale Road Scrambles location (September 2014).Summary:  Atmosphere lacking for me, but food good.  A little spendy for what it is.  Fast, friendly service.The atmosphere:  This is almost a cafeteria-style eatery.  The space is small, but bright with lots of windows and high ceilings; very open and also industrial (metal decor) and modern despite the wood laminate flooring.  Not a lot of personal, freestyle seating - there are bench seats and tables largely lining walls and partitions; you can easily get friendly with other parties seated next to you.  It's upbeat, noisy and active.  While none of that's bad, it's not what I like in a breakfast or dinner place - that really only works for me for lunch.  My preference for breakfast is somewhere comfortable and warm to ease into the day where the noise level is low, music is soothing, but happy, and where my husband and I can keep to ourselves enjoying coffee and food.The process:  You need to check the menu, first, before ordering.  Then, you get in line and order at the front counter and pay beforehand like at a buffet, but with ordering from a menu instead of buffet.  Then, take your number, stop by at the beverage section to grab your coffee or whatever drink, and find your place to sit.  Someone will bring your food soon.  The food:  The food is just fine.  Cooked right, tastes good, no complaints, but definitely not a place comfortable enough for me to want to linger; more of "please bring my food so I can eat and get the hell out of this chaos" kind of place to me.  Now, there is some outdoor seating, that I'm assuming is quieter, but not sure, but when we went, it was too hot outside to try it (hello, Arizona, it's too hot most of the year to be outside).  End result:  I won't be going back unless I'm hanging out with someone who really wants to go there.  As a personal choice, it's a no.
5	Great service, I like that I don't have to wait for a table and then wait for menus you walk in and they have the counter where you order your food and drinks but they still have  servers who bring out your food. My cup is never empty because I refill it at their middle island. Food is delicious especially the Toluca brizza (breakfast pizza) learned that they now have gluten free crust!! Yum!!  I checked in on yelp and got a free coffee too!!! From the time I walked in and ordered until I left was about 25mins Just enough time to get back to work from my lunch break. I will make this my go to place for lunch. So I have to admit I used to work here. We were told by the owners to do 5-star reviews. I was told I was no longer welcome in the restaurant today and I have no idea why. Supposedly because the staff feels unsafe when I go to order my chocolate obsession. I'm thinking it was Dallas that feels unsafe, she never did like me. But whatever. Just wanted to let the Yelp! World know that most of Scrambles reviews are fake.
5	Good food, good service, fast and delicious.  Will return.  Clean modern design place. I had the gouda Brizza, Delicious! What's a brizza? Breakfast pizza yum!
5	This place is definitely worthy of more than 3.5 stars!! We went for the first time today and I loved it. The set up is great and the staff has it down pact, it's order at the counter which I appreciate for a breakfast place in Scottsdale- eliminates insane wait times and makes everything a little easier. The staff was super friendly and helpful with the menu since we were first timers. Free coffee when you check in on yelp! My boyfriend had the Brizza (breakfast pizza) -the Teludo is what it's called I think. It was delicious, the crust was perfect and it wasn't too heavy for the morning. Biscuits and gravy were great too! They have a full bar and the patio is dog friendly  --- check it out, you wont regret it. I'm hoping one of these will be on every corner in 5 years ;)Worth mentioning that they also have wine and paint nights and cooking classes!! How fun!
4	Food was great, service was great. The staff was super friendly and accommodating to our dog. Think the jam options could be a little classier:)
5	Scramble is our "go to" place on Saturdays.  One of us always has the western omelet while the other two have the kale and quinoa salad and we add chicken for some extra protein.  DELICIOUS!!!!!!!  Another great thing about Scramble is.....you can have a bloody mary.  Those are also delicious.....Kameron, owner/manager, can make it spicy if you like that extra punch.  Everyone is always so friendly, the restaurant is immaculate, and we are welcomed back each time they see us.  Scramble is a nice addition to the neighborhood.  We are happy customers!Patty, Ila and Cookie
4	Food is great ! Mimosas and french toast!? Yes please! Staff is friendly ; the place has a pretty Laid back vibe which I like very much :)
5	Ive eaten hashbrowns at many breakfast places, and drank chai teas at many coffee shops. Scramble is my favorite for both. They have a menu that is unique from other places. It includes breakfast burritos and breakfast pizzas (brizzas) which are both fantastic and I would recommend. If you want to spruce up your hashbrowns, try the scrambled browns. Overall, great choices and great food. Shout out to the servers: You girls are so sweet. I know how some people can be when you work in the service industry. You are appreciated.
5	After my continuous great experience at both Halfmoon locations I decided to try breakfast at scramble in Scottsdale, under the same ownership. Some girlfriends and I met there for coffee and breakfast. I HAD A GREAT EXPERIENCE. Friendly faces and amazing food. Will be back for sure!
5	Back to back days at Scramble. First of all they have a scramble board at Scramble.  I had the French French Toast. Delicious. The staff was friendly and even let me take a picture of his shirt. I agree with their motto, you can never be too fresh. And the Orange juice was good too! Cheers!
4	Good food at good pricesA good place for us to go after church for a nice quick to light mealA good patio because our weather has been really great lately - one of the things I would like to see done differently is maybe the atmosphere be not so California beach and have a little more of a lunch restaurant breakfast restaurant feel to itThe service is good and they go out of their way to take care of you in in a really casual inexpensive place but it almost is too much I think they could get a little bit bigger clientele if they toned down the quick and easy in and out atmosphere and gave it a little bit more of a brunch feel to itNot  sure how they can do that because they have it set up in a very casual way but there isn't much atmosphere or ambience thereIt feels like a fast food place when you walk into it - you need to be ready for it and sometimes when we go out after church for breakfast I feel like I want to be in a little bit nicer place but we go there because of the food and the price is good so maybe that's all there is there Good luck to them
3	Tried this place a few months back with my family, and I was very excited to see vegan and vegetarian friendly options available. I liked how the place looked and all the outside seating area was nice! Also was glad to see that it was order at the counter, plus we didn't have to wait super long.I got the veggie omelette without cheese of I recall correctly, and I kind of wish I would have ordered something else. I got it with toast and fruit, and the food was just meh. I absolutely love breakfast and this place just did not seem to be super memorable for me. Was not super crazy pricey which is always nice in Scottsdale. I do like that there were many gluten free and vegan things on the menu. I would be interested in trying Scramble again, but just trying something more exciting off of the menu.
5	The Traditional Eggs Benedict was perfection! I would go back again and again. They are timely, the ingredients are obviously fresh and the staff very welcoming. The online ordering makes everything very convenient too. Oh and there is an outdoor area for dog lovers who want to bring their dogs on a nice day. I will definitely be back.
5	The best meal in Phoenix/Scottsdale is breakfast!From service and food to cleanliness, this wonderful, modern breakfast/brunch/espresso place is off the scale.  Lottie was our super nice and caring server; people like this just make you want you to come back.  The food is absolutely delicious and they get espresso and coffee drinks perfectly.  Get the French French Toast and Southwest Benedict - amazing!  Cleanliness is wonderful; I don't think I've ever included a review of a bathroom at a restaurant, and this place is amazingly clean.  Add a nice wraparound, pet friendly patio and you have a place that will wish they did food all day long :)
5	Went for breakfast and service was good - pei-wei style. Order at the counter, they bring it to you.  Coffee was great and the portions were pretty large.Berry Pancakes were amazing, - but I'll have to split them next time. And the bacon was perfectly cooked - not too crispy and not too soft - Perfect!Staff was friendly.  I will be going back!
5	Scramble is wonderful. You order and seat yourself. They have somewhat of a coffee island bar too. Check in to receive their free coffee offer. We will be visiting again to try all of their wonderful treats.
4	Interesting menu.  Overall, everything was very good.  Healthy portions and quick service.  Gringo burrito was good.  Small complaint, but fruit is mostly honeydew--ugh!  Coffee was fine and I appreciated the various milks and creamers.  Hot tea was great.
5	Yet another great break-y place to add to my Favorites. Scramble is jammin' on the weekends, so be prepared for a wait. But, this gives you ample time to study their menu to place your order at front counter. They do offer inside or patio seating.Decor is bright and cheery - my kind of place. Was also very tidy and hygienic - props to them as they were BUSY!My ham and mushroom omelette was great! Was so full, that I didn't have chance to eat my hasbrowns. Yelpers: check in to get your FREE coffee!
3	I think Scramble is definitely a good place if you want atmosphere, to sit down, and to enjoy a relatively good meal. They have a great up-beat vibe, and are very helpful if you have any questions or need to change something in a dish to fit your food preferences/needs. It is also a good place to talk with friends over brunch because as weird as it may sound, the sound in the restaurant doesn't carry very far. However, the prices seem pretty ridiculous at times. I've experienced fairly good food here, but I don't want to keep having to pay $10 for breakfast-that's dinner pricing! In the end, I recognized that their hashbrowns are pretty good along with the eggs. (I would hope so considering the place is called Scramble!)
3	The staff is very friendly and helpful but the food is too simple. The French toast looked good, and I really appreciate having several vegetarian/vegan options but I could have made my burrito at home for less money. My table mates really enjoyed their Brizza. There are also several funny spelling errors on the restaurant decor.
3	Nice setting, bathrooms were very clean. Food was okay. We both got lunch - I didn't care for mine and ended up not even eating half of it. My panini was suppose to have avocado on it - it didn't - they were out I was not informed until I took a bite and asked. All in all the breakfast food that other people got looked a lot better.
4	Friendly staff and vegan-friendly.  Food isn't anything to write home about, but the price and location will have me coming back next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Great breakfast place. Order food at the counter and it's brought out to you. Fresh and delicious. Decor is fun and perfect for the morning. I really like the beverage station as well. I wish I would have discovered this place in the beginning of my trip.
5	I visited Scramble for the first time this past weekend for Sunday Brunch and I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked it.  The atmosphere is very friendly, bright and happy with a great modern flare.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful which is a huge plus at a quick order kind of restaurant.  I love their menu options since they have so many vegan dishes and you can do anything with egg whites.  It feels like it could be a healthy breakfast option.  You order at the counter and then they bring your food in a few minutes.**free coffee for yelp members who check in!!**  They have soy milk for the coffee and even flavored creamers too!  I could sit there all day and drink coffee with that selection. For the food... I had egg whites scrambled with spinach, mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes.  I subbed sweet potato hash for the hash browns which was a great choice.  The hash browns looked average and not worth the splurge.  I am excited to go back to try their lunch menu!  Kale salad, yum!!
3	My star rating has stayed the same since my last visit here. Visited for the second time today and my goal was to try something more exciting off them menu. I am a tofu fangirl so decided I wanted to go for a vegan dish so I ordered a Vegan Soyrizo Burrito. It was quickly brought to our table. Was not to aesthetically pleasing, but I did not want to judge my food like that! Unfortunately my looks were not deceiving me and that was the nastiest bite of a burrito I have ever experienced. It was like pure flavorless mush with like 2 pieces of avocado. And unfortunately the sweet potato hash was pretty unsatisfying as well. My date urged me to go tell them my issue and I worked up the courage to tell them I needed to order something else haha. They were extremely kind and accommodating, didn't even charge me for the second meal I ordered. I got The Alma Brizza and it was much better. Still not amazing, a little too salty for some reason, but I did like it, was a unique dish. My date got the Meat Lovers Scramble and he seemed to enjoy it.So overall, food is meh, service and atmosphere is very good!
