3	in my humble opinion the best baba ganough I have had so far in the valley. I had the greek salad w/the chicken. the chicken flavors were very delicious the salad was  fresh and crisp.great little spot for a casual lunch or dinner
3	I stopped at Cafe Mix for lunch.  For a newer pad site restaurant I was somewhat impressed with the warm atmosphere.  I ordered a Gyro special which came with choice of side.  I went with the Greek salad which was pretty good...fresh, crisp lettuce, nice dressing and authentic kalamata olives.The Gyro itself was good, plenty of meat, tzatziki dressing, lettuce and tomato.The service here was prompt and efficient if not overly friendly.If you're in the McKellips & Greenfield area there are not alot of food choices and I would say this is probably one of the better ones.
4	ya this place is good, food is good and the service is awesome.
1	I went to Cafe Mix today with my mother and friend for the first time. WE WILL NOT BE GOING BACK. The male manager at the ordering station was arrogant and unaccomodating. We asked for a "to go" cup for our iced tea and he said "they don't do that". However, during my meal I noticed 2 other customers walk out with a "to go" cup. When my gyro was served to me by the overly tanned female server, I kindly showed her my receipt that I had paid for a side of the cucumber sauce and didn't receive it. Her exact reply was "you'll get it"! The gyro sandwich was very greasy. Sandwiches do not come with a side. Next time we crave greek food, we will go across the parking lot to Bellagio's next door.
5	Amazing food, amazing staff! I eat here at least once a week and have never been dusapointed. Healthy and very good!
4	I'm always a sucker for some good, tasty gyros... And these ones are hot and tasty.  The service is great here, and the gyros and fries were tops.  The portions were acceptable--I've had bigger, but it was still filling enough.  Considering the dearth of good food options in the north central Mesa area, this place can definitely occupy a spot on the dinner rotation.
5	So my beau's friend John introduced us to this place, as he lives right nearby. WOW. SO good!I have only ever eaten the Gyros, but it's SO good. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, and the folks that work there are delightful. We often argue about how horrible the Red Wings are :) as they are from Detroit, and I'm a Coyotes fan. But it's all in good fun!I would drive from Scottsdale to eat there!
5	Yum!  We've been here a few times and LOVE this place!  The Hummus & tabouleh are super yummy and the baklava is delish...if you order the greek salad and you dont like things super spicy - have them hold the chopped pepperocinis.
4	Greek restaurants and I have a relationship akin to one of my neighbor's as a young boy- I couldn't pronounce his name when I first met him, and I was kinda afraid because he was so different and from another country.  It would take about 5 years for me to summon the courage to try to be friends, and my first attempt ended in disaster.  Grisly dried out bits of alleged lamb in some strip mall in Minnesota.  I swore, never again.  Time has a way of healing all wounds however, and my heart would try to open up again.  I wanted to be friends again.  We found out we had a lot in common!  Strong, bold flavoring is how we like to live.  We want to live balanced lives, so yea don't throw solely some gamey meat in like that likely-abandoned "restaurant" in MN, put in some onions, tomatoes.  And you always have to have your friend that is the life of the party, Tzaziki!  He's the kind of friend that no matter how much you hang out, you never want to say no when he wants to hit the town.Once I became friends with my neighbor, I realized Hey, these people are EVERYWHERE!  I have been living in a box.  What a wonderful world with so much variety and life!Little Greek restaurants are popping up all over the country the last decade or so it seems.  I have been friends with some and sworn enemies of others.  However, I have not forgotten my lesson as a young boy that realized there were more than just Asians and Caucasians in the world- Cafe Mix, will you be my friend too?Pulling up to Cafe Mix is a relaxing experience.    A colorful depiction of a Chicken Greek Salad surrounded by Pita greets you, tempting you right away.  Opening the doors, there is a vast ceiling with a very nice beige color, and depictions of Greek culture and art are everywhere.  Tasty, Healthy, Food! is blazoned above the cooking area, and you can watch the chef at his work on the grill.  It could probably seat about 50 people, but the layout makes you feel like it could fit double that.  As much as I love the Gyro however, I wanted to try out as much as I could.  Eying the Mix's Combination, which would net me Lamb gyro, Chicken Gyro-style, Tenderloin Kabob, and Chicken Kabob, I felt that was the broadest way to get acquainted.  At 11.99, it included basmati rice, salad, hummus, and pita.  Thinking the price was lower at a place I frequent in Phoenix, I inquired if the serving size was enough for me ( I audition for the Before Guy in those Slim-Fast commercials ).  I literally overhead the table behind me laugh, and the server smiled with quiet confidence, saying "I'm pretty sure it will be enough."  I also ordered a bottomless fountain drink/ ice tea, for 1.75.  My girlfriend was less adventurous, opting for the Bacon Cheeseburger adding fries, with the burger being $6.50 and another $2.50 to add fries and a drink.This confidence came to be well-founded.  After getting some green tea and picking our seats, barely a minute passed before I was brought the salad that came with my meal.  It was a worthy rendition, with a great balance of Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, olives, feta cheese, onions.  Not too much dressing which I approved of, the olives and onions gave it a tart kick, balanced by the cheese.  I forgot to take a picture, but the serving size was much larger than most salads thrown in with your entree.Our entrees arrived, and my Mix Combination looked great, with a faint vapor rising from the freshly grilled meats.   I tried the lamb first, and was satisfied, but not that amazed.  It had the right flavor, and I wouldn't say it was dry, but, it was approaching it.  Then the beef tenderloin- this was nicer, with a nice juicy pinkish center.  I would've liked the outside to be almost charred but that is a personal preference, this had more than adequate moisture and definitely a valued member of this meal.  The chicken-gyro style was better than the lamb, but still not quite out of this world.   Then the chicken kabob came and put all the others to shame.  I don't understand how, but it put up plenty of resistance when I cut it with my knife, but it came apart in my mouth.  This was the best chicken I've had in my life that was under $10 at a restaurant.  Just crazy good.    The rice was straightforward, cooked competently.  The hummus was colorful, but not as flavorful as some I've had before, and the pita bread was also fine, but was almost a little too hard for dipping in hummus. My girlfriend's burger was fine, with a hand-molded patty, bun finished on the grill with some butter, bacon nice and crispy.  Lettuce, tomato, pickles and onion also packed in, I'd say this burger is about equal to the burgers you could get at Red Robin.  The fries were out of this world!  Seasoned perfectly, crunchy on the outside and pillowy wonderfulness within.Sometimes, first impressions are so good that you know you will be friends for life,  which I believe Cafe Mix can be.  Work a little on the sides, and 5 stars is in your future!
4	It took me a while to warm up to this place. My friend kept dragging me here because she loves the gyros. I'm the kind of person where I find one thing on the menu that I absolutely adore... and then I order it every time I go back... and often find myself craving it at random hours of the night.Well last week I found that one item on the menu that is going to make me keep coming back here. I definitely suggest this place for more cautious eaters (like me) that maybe aren't so sure about Greek food... since they also have American selections... and you can slowly ease into the Greek side of things.
4	well lets kick it up a star ordered dinner to go gyros and chicken gyros salad and baba good food ,service,and reasonable prices
4	as i went flying into the parking lot at 829 and 30 seconds (they close at 830) they seamed a little surprised as i busted thru the door BUT i Will say they were accommodating and happy to help  good job people
3	Solid lunch time restaurant with Greek and American inspired dishes for everyone.  I had the gyro lunch combo which included a side salad and drink.  Service was prompt and the meal was tasty.  Beware of the lunch crowd between 11-12 and come in a little "later".
5	The first time we came was because we were missing our other favorite Greek cafe (Daphne's) which had closed.This place did not disappoint us though.  I tried the combination, which gives you chicken gyro style, beef/lamb gyro, beef tenderloin kabob and chicken kabob.  The meal comes with basmati rice, hummus, pita bread and a side Greek salad.  The chicken style gyro is a bit salty but the rest is pretty tasty!  The gyro is usually cooked just right.  The beef kabob is pink inside and cooked just right outside, and the chicken kabob is awesome.  The hummus they have is awesome.  I usually find most hummus to be somewhat dry, but they put oil on it and a sprinkle of paprika and it is just right!  Nice stuff!My wife usually gets a Greek chicken salad and it is awesome and very large with tons of moist, juicy chicken.  Sometimes (well often times) there is enough to take home and enjoy later.I like the people that work there and the atmosphere inside makes you sort of think you are in a real Greek cafe.
4	This is a good unassuming place for casual Greek food. I ordered the Gyro wrap (it is huge!) with tomatoes, onions, and tzaziki sauce. The flavor is great and the meat is TENDER. The price is super cheap. I got the Gyro and a side Greek salad for around 6 bucks. I will definitely be going back soon!
5	Great service and food.  I had the Greek salad with lamb......one of the best I've had.  The hummus was great as well.  Fresh ingredients, friendly staff and great atmosphere!
5	Best Greek food I have had.  Ingredients are fresh and full of flavor.  My favorites are the falafel pita and Greek salad.  Service and food are both top notch for affordable prices.  Good vegetarian options as well.
3	I started out with the Spanokopeta... it would have been really good, except, either the fat that they fried it in wasn't hot enough, or it needed to be changed!  The appetizer was "dripping" grease.  The next "deduction" occurred when they brought out the child's meal that was ordered for a two-year old.  Mom ordered chicken strips and fries, and they brought them to the table (before they brought the rest of the food) and they were so hot, Dad burned his fingers trying to break them into bite size pieces.  IMAGINE if they had been given directly to the two year old.  We would probably have gone to the ER!When the rest of the food came, though, it was really good!  I loved my gyro, and Mom's sampler platter looked really appetizing.  Dad's food also looked good enough to eat.I will probably go back, but I don't think I will order the Spanokopeta again.
3	great fast Greek food, looking for a lunch place in Mesa, then look no further, this is your place.  The food is good and the salads are really fresh and delish, total bummer that we can't take to-go cups of tea, but them's the rules.
5	Great food. Inexpensive. Friendly service. Very satisfied. Great bang for the buck.
5	This is a great inexpensive place for salads and wraps.  I love their hummus!  The service is quick and friendly.
5	Awesome. The Chicken Shawarma was so authentic that it reminds me of my days in Saudi Arabia. Truly taste like Middle Eastern.
5	Cafe Mix is one of my favorite restaurants in Mesa, AZ!  The staff is always friendly and the food is consistenly great!
5	My second visit was even delightful. A Baklava treat which we couldn't resist. It was a lovely evening to be with my wife. How cute can a YumYum couples be? :)
2	I love Greek food, but this place is at the bottom of my list. I don't know what people are talking about when they say the food is good. I had a Gyro pita and the pita was a little dry, which is a HUGE no-no with pitas for me. It cracked a little on the back. Also they use a lot of vegetables and not much meat. The people there are really rude. I have been there twice and the first time they were very rude, the second time they were worse. My daughter spilled her drink, and the waitress was obviously annoyed, and I got the feeling she was a family member of the owner. I tried to get some napkins to clean off my lap where the drink had spilled and she appeared out of nowhere and told me not to get any napkins out, assuming I was using them to clean the table, and actually shoved the partly removed napkins back into the dispenser. She seems concerned about wasting 3 cents worth of napkins. Then my son was trying to help clean up and took the rag she brought and started to wipe the table. She said shortly, "give that to me,"  and took it away. Looking around the room, I noticed there was not any other children, so maybe the local customers have already figured out that this is not a kid friendly place. The food? Not great. The service? Bad. I will take a pass next time.
5	I love this place. I usually get take-out and the food is amazing. I usually get the salad with chicken gyro meat and a piece of baklava (amazing). I didn't think I'd be able to find good Greek food in AZ (especially Mesa) but this place is sooooooo good.
4	I would not say I have a huge taste for greek food.Tried the place while passing by and it sure hit the spot.Staff, food, wait times and the environment were all to my satisfaction!I will certainly be coming back soon and testing out my taste buds on something more daring.
5	Really. I live 2 miles from the place so I kind of took it for granted as my go-to place for a good meal. Then I realized I was eating there at least once a week and everyone I took there to eat also died over it. So, I decided to be a good customer and pay all those good meals back with a yelp review!! I'm not a huge Greek food fan, but this place could change me forever.The Greek salad with chicken shwarma (sp?) is a not to be missed love of mine. Also, the Dolmades are far far better here than anywhere I've tried. (Just ask them if they're cold...once I got them still warm...not as good). The hummus with gyro meat is PERFECT for the kids as a good dip and the meat is already tender so there's no cutting up. Perfect for when husband and I are stuffing our faces. I try to get a Gyro without getting a look from the husband because its really good but usually I've ordered too much already. The yogurt sauce is esp good.The staff is really nice and even remember our names and not to take the menu from my 3 year old too soon.  :) We usually make a huge mess too, and we never get any weird looks from the waitress. Nice people.The baklava, however, is the CROWN jewel of this place. Just right. In every way. While pregnant, I think I spent a fortune in baklava. So, now that everyone in my close circle has heard the exact same thing, if you're looking for a reasonably priced great meal, hit cafe mix. I've eaten here probably 20 times between take-out and eating in and it's never let me down. Oh, and the one time they forgot my baklava with my take-out order, they CALLED me and let me know I had a whole tray waiting for me to pick it up next time I was out.
4	Great family run restaurant. The food taste fresh and is loaded with flavor. The chicken Shawarima is just Devine!
5	We love their gyros and Greek salad (with chicken or gyro meat), the steak sub was also very good. The service is excellent, food is served hot off the grill and the prices are very reasonable.
4	This place is pretty great. The gyros are good (though I feel like an ass every time I say JaiRo and they say it back as GearO), the salad is good, greek fries are awesome (just tons of Feta melted on top), and baklavaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa....Plus, it's usually only about a ten-minute wait for pick-up and the owners are pretty friendly.Not open on Sunday, which kinda sucks.
5	I'm a little embarrased to say that the girls in here know my man and I by order. It's sufficient to say that we head over to this amazing place quite frequently, and I don't see that every changing.The salads are so amazing, that I find myself literally craving them in the middle of the day. Gyro meat is to die for good, and the mix combination plate gives you a sample of everything.I typically either go with the combo for two, or the lo carb chicken plate, then I kinda defeat the purpose and order a side of pita bread (order the greek pita, so much better than the thin pita).Also, greek fries, you might ask, "what are those?" Order them. Now.PLUS, Blue Moon on draft? I mean cmon, you must go; but don't go when I go because I enjoy having the quiet moment to enjoy the most amazing greek food to ever touch my lips.
5	Fantastic food, an innovative menu, cozy/classy atmosphere, friendly and fast service, all from a family owned and operated business: all in all, one of my favorite places to eat. The Mediterranean fare here is second to none in Mesa. Everything on the menu is vibrant, fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced. The wait staff and chefs are all nice and helpful, and as soon as you walk in the door you feel like part of their Big Greek Family.Personally, no matter what else I get, I always get at least one lamb gyro. These guys make it right--the meat is succulent and spicy, the tzatziki sauce gives it that herbal and soothing compliment that lamb needs, and the fresh onion and tomato on top make it a showstopper. The best lamb gyro's in Mesa, no contest. I'm also a huge fan of their hummus here (one of the thing's I judge any Middle-Eastern or Mediterranean restaurant on). I mean really, it's grade A hummus, it beats the monsterously overpriced artisan batches you can buy at AJ's Fine Foods. And since that's just like Greek ketchup, the real food here is just off the charts.They have some very interesting menu items that set them apart from your usual Greek restaurant. One of them is a Philly cheese steak with lamb gyro meat (which is sooooo good) and another is a super low-carb meal of 3 exceptional kabob meats with hummus, melitzanosalata (hummus-like eggplant dip), and a savory Greek herb-salad (that I can't remember the name to..). Their alcohol and wine list is moderate, with quite a few tap brews and some nice bottle selections of wine to pair with your meal. Oh, and they also have some of the best salads in Mesa!If you're not into exotic food they have familiar standbys, if you're on a diet it's about the best place to eat out, or if you're just a discriminating foodie with an appetite for a little taste adventure... they will become a frequented location once you try it.Cafe Mix is a welcoming, satisfying, family-friendly dining experience that's easy on your wallet and guaranteed to leave you smiling.
5	The food at Cafe Mix is truly amazing.  This is Greek comfort food delivered by your newly adopted Mediterranean family.  I love the people at Cafe Mix.  They have the best lamb Gyros in town.  They also have some Greek-American specialties like a gyro Philly cheesesteak sandwich that rocks.  Their Greek fries with Feta cheese are soooo good.  They have great Kabob salads and the Mediterranean Sampler is a must. Their Baklava is made with and pistachios.  Yummm.  This restaurant has become a family favorite.  You have to go there!!!!!
5	My wife and I found this little Greek place after our regular (Daphne's Cafe) closed up.The food here is better than most places and is served in a cozy atmosphere.  Service is quick and the people who work there are very pleasant.The food, specially the hummus and gyros are incredible.  They must make their own hummus, it is creamier and not as dry as many other places serve it.Salads are very good here too.  Last time I had a gyro pita sandwich (large enough for two), Greek fries (AWESOME!) and a great side salad.  Yummm, all washed down with a diet coke.
4	I come here often. The food is generally better than average and the service is excellent.  It's a family-run establishment and people are very friendly and authentic.It's not uncommon to see pilots or police grabbing a bite during lunch.  There are two flat screen TVs to keep you up on all the sports happenings.  The green tea is light and refreshing, which I would pair with my usual, either the traditional gyro and a salad or the salad w/gyro meat and bread on the side.  Sometimes, the gyro meat can be a bit dry, but it's not too big of an issue.  The sauce is excellent. Salads are always crisp and fresh.  If you're comparing around, I find the traditional gyro here at Cafe Mix to be better than the one served across the way at Bellagio's Pizzeria (slightly greasy).  Both are decent, but this one's my favorite and I've found the bread at Cafe Mix to be exceptional.
3	Went here once for lunch, and had a gyros sandwich.  I will try my luck elsewhere, as I found it too greasy.....will go to Bellagio next time.
5	I've been coming here more often, and since my first review, the meat has gotten better & now I can say it's easily 5 stars. Great food. Great cooks. Great servers. My favorite place to eat out :)P.S. Best homemade baklava in town. Period.
3	I've been to Cafe Mix 5-6 times and every time the food was very good. I've tried the chicken gyro, beef gyro, greek salad, as well as the hummus. Their prices are reasonable, for $8.50 you can get a gyro and a soda. We did ask for a to-go cup and they said they charge .50. Not a big deal, but we chose not to get one. The staff is not overly friendly, but not rude. When we had lunch there today, my girlfriend had the greek salad and it went right through her. Wondering if they add MSG, does anyone know?
4	Great place to pop in and get a quick bite to eat. Friendly staff. Delicious gyros. I recommend the chicken shawarma with rooster sauce. Delicious, flavorful, spicy and wonderful. The greek fries really pack a punch so definitely share them with some friends. Dig in and enjoy!
4	I was a bit apprehensive about this place because it looks like it could be a chain, but the food was extremely delicious and the service was very friendly. We had a few appetizers including the dolmades and hummus and they were great. Everyone had something different from the menu and they all enjoyed. I had the falafel and it was great!
5	Had lunch with my wife at Cafe Mix last week and was very surprised. This restaurant is in a Mesa strip mall and is very unassuming. However, once you step inside, you realize that you've found a gem.Great atmosphere, excellent service and incredible food are what you'll find. Plus, the prices were great. While it's a 40 mile drive from my home, I definitely plan on making multiple return trips!
3	3 stars is A-OK.Tasty Gyro for lunch costing just under $7.00 with nothing else purchased.  A bit pricey but a great tasting gyro too
4	Excellent restaurant. Well seasoned, perfectly prepared and super fresh food. I appreciated the efficient, very friendly staff. The place was packed for lunch. Try anything on the menu you will be satisfied.
4	Yum! Quick, delicious and reasonably priced.  Plus, it's super close to work and they give us a 10% discount, double yay!  Everything that I've tried on the menu has been wonderful.  Highly recommend!
4	Best Greek I have had.  Love the Greek Chicken salad. Italian Chicken salad is also delicious with a greek twist. The Hummus is the best I have had. We go here at least once a week and the staff is always great and the service is very fast.
5	First time here, great service and authentic food. I got the chicken kabob salad and the salad is delicious and the chicken hot and tasty.
4	If your looking for a good gyro this is the spot. Good service,clean and nice atmosphere. They make it a nice atmosphere in the evenings,you think fast food when you pull up. But no it's a great place to sit down after you order,they even serve wine. What you might not expect at a Gyro place,IDk.. Try it out, I think you will enjoy it. I do every time, I am in there for a good Gyro. Thx
5	We've lived here for a year now and I always see this place when going to Walmart.  Some friends told us it was good but we just never tried it until now.  We just wanted something quick but not fast food and this place came to mind to try out.  The food was really good.  I got the Chicken Gyro which was amazing and my wife got the Felafel which she really liked.  It was probably the the best Chicken Shawarma I have ever had.  I'm no expert but I've had them at some different Armenian places in L.A. and so on and I was really impressed.  It's a bummer we didnt try this place earlier but glad we know now that is so good.  I really can't wait to go back when we have more time and order some more things.
5	Very nice setup and staff. Has good natural lighting inside and is well ventilated. The gyros and salads are quite good (as well as everything else I've tried). It's a nice place to go for good, quick service and awesome food.
5	The gyros are delicious! Must try! Haven't disappointed me yet! Orders are serve quickly:)
5	A hidden treasure in this big shopping center. The falafel here is fresh and tastier than we have had in Manhattan, Studio City and London. Salads are very good and made to order. The atmosphere is very relaxed and nice; the service is quick with sharp and attentive wait staff. V consistent. 5 stars all the way!
5	Great healthy food and great people who run the place.  Regular customer and never disappointed.  Salads even great without dressing.  You should try it!
4	I love the beef and lamb gyro!
4	This was our first time going to Cafe Mix, didn't know what to expect but it was really good. It's a small place but pretty clean and nice vibe. We didn't have to wait to be seated and our waitress was nice, she brought our drink with a blink of an eye and our meal arrived very quick. We ordered a regular lamb gyro, Greek salad with lamb kabobs and baklava and everything was super tasty! They served really good portions, the meat was tender and juicy. The baklava was a little bit on the sweeter side but nevertheless it was a great experience.Oh and they have good prices, affordable meals. We will go back soon! Highly recommend it.
5	wow!  This little gem of a restaurant that you can hardly find is just fabulous.  We were introduced to this sweet little friendly place a year ago and have made several return trips.  SERVICE:  This is a real take out place anytime of day, but try it for a nice sit down dinner.  All the servers wait on you - its awesome - you don't have to look around for your specific server if you need anything, they all work as a team and its just great for the customers.  WINE:  Not too many places around that you can get a $4 glass of great house wine.  Salmon Creek wines are perfect for this little Cafe and they pour a generous glassful.FOOD:  You  can't find anything better than their over-the-top FRESH salads.  YUM!The Gyro meat is always fresh and flavorful.  The Greek salad dressing is just perfect and the pita that is served with the salads really rounds out the meal.  I just wish they didn't feel they had to charge for an extra ounce of sauce.We have tried several things on the menu and have never been disappointed.  They must be doing something right as we were there on a recent Wednesday night for dinner and there were only 3 tables available when we walked in at 6pm.  Glad to see others are finding this treasured little jewel located in the Walmart shopping center.
5	Yummy and good food! Definitely coming back. Gyro and salad was really good and healthy.
5	Great place to eat. The environment is clean and well designed. People are friendly. Food was fast. And it is really delicious! Definitely a little pricey but you get what you pay for, a solid $10 lunch. Will come again.
4	Came here on a Thursday night and it looked pretty busy. My family sat outside which may have led to the poor serviceWe ordered:-Baba Ganoush- Shwarma- Gyro with fries- Sprite - Philly CheesesteakThe food  all came out really quickly. The baba ganoush was okay, I've never had it before, and we didn't like it. The pita bread was definitley not enough for how much baba ganoush we had. Also, the pita bread was kinda stale. On the food:Shwarma: 3 starsI didn't think it was good.  I've never had it before, but my mom thought it was okay.Philly Cheesesteak: Really good. Not generous amounts of meat, but the bread on the sandwhich was to die for! My gyro and fries: 5 stars!It was HUGE and completely chock full of meat, onions, tomatoes, and heaps of tzatziki. The meat in the gyro was seasoned great but a little dry. The fries were honestly one of the best things there. They were hot, and crispy, and fluffy on the inside. They were also seasoned really well and not greasy. CONS:Fries, drink, and gyro combo added up to $10 which in my opinion is a little pricey for a gyro. - Not great service. Maybe it's because we sat outside and we were the only ones outside. Really great. We will defenitley be here again
5	Great food.  And very healthy.  Reasonably priced and close to my home.  Parking sucks though.
3	The food is pretty good but once they changed from an order at the counter restaurant to a sit down restaurant it lost most of its appeal for me to go with my family (less child friendly)
5	This is a family favorite for us and our adult kids. The service is always great, and the food is even better. We particularly love the combo dinner for two, which is salads, an assortment of meats, rice, pita bread, and sauces for $25. The meats are savory, flavorful and delicious. The rice is always perfect with a hint of saffron. Baklava is included, and it is just as good (maybe better) as my Lebanese grandmother made with all the aunties.
5	Love, love, love this local gem in Mesa. In over 20+ trips, I've never had a bad meal, and never have I not been met with a smile. Everything here is authentic. I consider myself lucky to have such a great establishment right down the street from me.
5	I ate lunch with my family here today and it was outstanding.  I had the chicken kabob pita wrap with fries and everything was excellent.  The pita, veggies, and tzaziki tasted very fresh and the chicken and fries were full of flavor.  My mom and dad had the BLT pita wrap and gyro and raved about them.  My Lebanese grandma had the tabouleh and she said it was the second best tabouleh she has ever had (after her big sister's recipe).  My eleven month old daughter enjoyed sampling all of our meals too.  I am sometimes nervous trying new restaurants with the baby in tow but we had a very family friendly experience.  The service was great and the atmosphere was very pleasant.  I am excited to have found a great restaurant nearby.  We will definitely be back soon!
5	Well, today was the second I've been here with my wife. It's always nice to be here. I love their food. I had gyro plate (#23) and my wife just the regular gyro (#16). It was perfect and it taste really good and healthy. Prices are reasonable from $6-$20 of course it depends what you want. There's a lot of selection they offer. This is a small family owned restaurant. Place is neat and cozy. They also have tv's inside. It's get crowded but it all worth the wait. Definetely one of my favorite spot to eat. I would recommended this place to other. Always 5 stars!
4	I've been here once, so this review is based off of first impressions.  The restaurant is fresh and clean, has nice decor, and the staff are friendly and courteous.  This is a sit-down restaurant so if you're not doing take out, expect to pay a tip.  My daughter and I loved their fries; they are crispy and seasoned well.  I had the chicken kabob pita and was very happy with it.  The pita was soft and they didn't skimp on the tzatziki sauce.  The prices range from $ - $$, depending on what you order.  I think you get the best deal ordering a combo.  I plan to eat here again.
1	It's been 41/2 years since our last visit and nothing has changed. We thought a lot of time has passed and perhaps we might have a better experience today.  NOT!!!Ya'all will be offended when I tell you this time's experience. I hope my review determines whether you make another visit or not.As I said before, we came here today around 11:30am for lunch. We walked up to the register to order. We were not greeted with a smile from the male cashier. My friend ordered first, paid, and sat down. I ordered next. Knowing I was going to have to pay .50 cents (signs everywhere) I ordered a TO GO cup. I asked him why he charges .50 cents for TO GO cups? Do you want to know how he replied back??!! He said, "WHY NOT?" Seriously, sir, that is your response when a customer is asking a question? I not only got a "WHY NOT?" but it came along with a harsh tone and a sinister face. I replied back, "Why not? Don't you think that sounds a little greedy?" He said that if he would hand every customer a wax paper cup that it would cost him $5,000.00 a month and put him out of business. I countered back, "Those cups probably only cost you .03 cents each. And you charge us .50 cents? Don't you think that is being a little unfair making .47 cent profit (minus freight)?" He told me in a vicious tone that no one tells him how to run his business (btw,it is not your business. It is a business of your kin). I reminded him all I did was ask a question. He was the one that escalated it by his response.Folks, this man is disrespecting all his customers and taking you for your money. How? He forces all customers to drink out of his plastic reusable drinkware if you are dining in. ~ Even when the .50 cents is paid for the TO GO cup. He doesn't give you the cup until you walk out the door. Is this normal business ethics? Have you ever seen a restaurant operate this way? I have to say NO. (I've heard of paying for TO GO foam boxes but never a wax paper cup) Not only do I think this is a crooked way to squeeze more change out of the customer but I feel the menu prices and additional charges here and there are a bit extreme for the portions served. A $10.00 lunch that consists of a sandwich and drink with no side is steep. Let's do the math here. I researched the wholesale price of his cup. The cup cost average is .05 cents per cup. He says if he gave every customer a cup it would cost him $5000.00 a month. He would have to have 3333 customers a day in order to hand out 100,000 cups in a month. 100,000 cups cost $5000.00. Now let's check his gross profit that he makes off the TO GO cup. If he has 100,000 cups and gross profits .45 cents per cup that equals $45,000. See what I mean? Ridiculously, begrudging. We all know the price of the cup should be built into the price of the beverage. At the price of their beverages and deducting the .05 cents still leaves a marginal gross profit.Sir, behind the register, handing out wax paper cups will not put you out of business. (If it does, you probably shouldn't be a business owner). What will put you out of business is your attitude and the way you speak to and treat your customers. The last 4 1/2 yrs I've been a Bellagio repeat customer. I am so sorry I strayed away from them today. The lunch menu prices are less expensive and the portions are bigger than Cafe Mix. The owners always smile, greet me, and come to my table when I frequent their establishment. Then they thank me when I leave. I never once heard you greet any of your customers. Nor did I hear you or your staff  say thank you when they left. My loyalty will forever stay with Bellagio when I crave a gyro.The above review was submitted around 4pm on Friday May 16th. It is now Sunday May 18th. I have been very ill in bed since Friday evening. I find it suspicious. The only food I ingested all day long on Friday was the sandwich at Cafe Mix. Friday, late afternoon, I became ill. My stomach started to rumble. It was in my intestines. Cramping began. Diahrrea and vomiting by late evening. All day Saturday I could barely move and stayed in bed. I could not drink or eat anything. I was still having stomach rumbles, diahrrea, and vomiting. Today, Sunday, still uncomfortable and symptoms exist. The vomiting/diahrrea has subsided a bit. My stomach/intestines still making LOUD noises. Wonder how I got sooo sick? Hmmmm? I will be going to the doctor tomorrow. I want him to run a blood panel. 05/19/2014 UPDATE: Ended up in the Emergency this morning. My symptoms worsened. After many tests, x-rays, IVs, and morphine for pain I was diagnosed with Gastroenteritis. Coincidence or not, hmmmmm? Google the diagnosis if unfamiliar.12/09/14 Sarah B, you quoted the viral transmission. Now please inform everyone the bacterial or toxin transmission which can cause gastroenteritis. Please research facts Sarah B before posting.
5	Only place I could eat every single day! I always get the same thing...Greek salad with chicken kabobs. The  pita that comes with the salad is hot and delicious. I also love  their French fries!! Everything I have ever ordered here is fresh and very tasty! The owners and servers are very kind. I like dining in and getting togos. Oh and  when I get wine it's always a nice big glass. A+ all around!
5	Cafe mix is the best Greek food in AZ. I have tried all the wraps, and the chicken kabob pita (#18) is my favorite. I like to make it a combo which includes a very nice Greek salad to start the meal. Thank you golf girl for the hilarious review! I am sure someone who gives claim jumper 5 stars knows all the hot spots in the valley!! *sarcasm*
5	I would like to update my review as I spoke with the owner when I picked up Togo for myself and my wife. I noted how clean the visible cooking area was and he showed me the recent A rating from the health dept. Very impressive!
5	Cafe mix is delicious and the food is always fresh.The staff is always friendly! I ate here twice last week!If you want an amazing meal, go to Cafe Mix!
5	Just drove 40 miles for my CAFE MIX fix! Not been disappointed yet. My wife and i have tried several different items and have not been disappointed yet!
5	I've been eating at Cafe Mix on a regular basis for the past 2 years. The freshness of the ingredients and the consistency of the quality are what keeps me coming back. The salad they serve with entrees is a perfect balance of greens, onions, tomatoes and feta cheese.Steak Kabob, Chicken Kabob, Chicken Shawarma are all good consistent winners for me.The staff has always been friendly to me.Definitely one of my favorite places to go in the East Valley.
5	Chicken gyro with the Greek fries. You're welcome. Also the employees are really nice. But the food is epic
5	The food here is fantastic! They give a great example to Greek food and there is something for the whole family. They are very kind servers and the food is priced great. I highly recommend going here and eating there fantastic food (especially the chicken gyro which is my favorite).
5	DELICIOUS!! Excellent cuisine and staff are friendly and efficient. This particular area of town is a little thin on healthy restaurants so I was so excited to find Cafe Mix. Chicken salads are wonderful as is everything else
5	I LOVE this place! The Greek Salad is amazing, and huge! I eat the while thing but stuffed after doing so! I eat here at least once a week :)
5	I love grabbing lunch here, it's always fresh & tastes delicious.
4	Lamb kabob plate with humus, rice and a delicious Greek salad.  Chicken gyros for my two comrades.  Very tasty and surpassed expectation.  $49 with tip.  Very busy at lunchtime but the food came out  in 10 minutes.  The lamb was cooked well and flavorful.  The comrades loved the salad.
4	I've been eating here since Cafe Mix first opened up.  I love their gyros, salads, hummus, and spanakopita!  It's been nice to see the business grow and thrive over the years.  It's almost always busy when I go there at lunch time, which I think is a testament to the good food.  The owner (or the man whom I assume is the owner) is always there, usually manning the register.  Like, every lunch time I've ever been there for the past 4 years, he's been there.  He's clearly dedicated to his business.  He's kind of the serious type, not super friendly/engaging, but he's polite and efficient.  And I'm not there to pay a social call anyway... I'm there to get my lunch and eat!  The wait staff are usually quite friendly, and service is quick.
5	One thing to note, the guy at the register most of the time IS FRIENDLY. He just doesn't smile a lot. He's still very nice, just doesn't smile until you start talking toHim. First time I went in it did seem like maybe he was scowling a little bit but I think that's just his face. (A lot of reviews mention the guy looking a little bit mean so I thought I'd say this)Still recommend chicken gyro.
5	I have been going to Cafe Mix every week for the last year and a half and have yet to have a bad meal or service.  Most of the time takeout but when we do go in we are treated like family.  Saw one review that knocked their food and service and I honestly don't get that review.  I can tell you everything tastes 100% fresh and perfectly seasoned.  You won't be disappointed in Cafe Mix!
4	A bit hard to find tucked behind Starbucks. Fresh food made to order. The lamb kebabs were made just right, large fresh Greek salad, and homemade hummus made the grade! Pida bread could have been a bit fresher. Friendly folk. Can't wait to try the homemade pistachio baklava!
4	Yummy. Visited during lunch with a co-worker. Had the chicken shawarma and Greek salad combo. Reasonably priced and pretty tasty.
5	We have been wanting to try this place for a really long time as it is close to home. Finally tried it the over night with my entire family and everything was so good from the gyros to the lamb chops. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was nice. Will definitely be coming back!
5	The chicken is to die for. not sure how they can cook it and still come out so juicy. I am from California and own a property in Arizona. As I was visiting, the restaurant was highly recommended by a friend of mind and it lived up to the hype. Now you guys need to open a restaurant in the bay area.totally recommend.Zaid
5	THE BEST gyro meat over ever had, and I'm one of those who gets the gyro EVERYWHERE I find it. The chicken shwarma is amazing, hummus is creamy and flavorful. The baklava is SPOT ON, and their Greek salad with gyro meat is phenomenal. I like dumping tzatziki on top on the salad end eating it with the meat and dressing too. Falafel is also very herby and delicious. I can't say enough about how good this place is. I keep trying other Greek places, but this one stays at the top of my list.
5	I saw a review on here knocking Cafe Mix, and I wanted to get on here and ask why? Do you have nothing better to do with your life? Cafe Mix pumps out amazing food that is always high quality. Cafe Mix place has the BEST Gyro meat, this coming from a person that has been to Greece. You will not be disappointed with anything on the menu.
5	I love this place.  We have been coming here since it opened, and we really appreciate the healthy, yummy, authentic food. The service is always prompt, efficient and friendly. The only reason I hesitate to leave a review is that I don't want to make it more crowded when I am here. Highly recommend without reservation.
5	Cafe Mix is the best Greek food in the East Valley. The meats are tender and well seasoned. The breads are soft and delicious. I eat here weekly.
5	Great family owned place with excellent food! It's a bad week if I don't get to visit my friends at Cafe Mix!
5	Yum yum yum! Everything we tried was yummy! Lamb gyro, Greek salad, humans, rice, pita bread. All very tasty! Try this place if you're near by. The food is 5 stars. I'd give the service 3.5 stars. It might have just been the night but the 2 women working tonight weren't friendly or attentive. Clean quiet atmosphere.
4	I tried Cafe Mix with my hubbs for the 1st time last week and had high expectations based on all the rave reviews by my besties. Our waiter (can't remember his name) greeted us promptly and let us choose our table. We had said it was our 1st time and he went over the menu with us answering all our questions. He was very knowledgeable on greek food. I settled on the Greek salad with chicken kabobs and my husband got the mixs combo platter. Overall it was good but didn't blow me away. My husband said his beef kabobs were over done and the gyro was greasy. I will give 4 stars mostly because of the great service we had:)
5	This place has a ton of 5 star reviews for a reason...it's really good!  We are glad we found another good place to eat in north mesa.  The Greek salad with cabob chicken is what we got...it was a big salad with a lot of chicken. We also got the fries with cheese which were really good!  2 orders of the salad with chicken and 2 orders of the fries came to about $24 which isn't the cheapest but I feel like the quality makes it a good value.  We will be coming back here on a regular basis!
4	A nice setting with enough variety of Greek food that everyone in your party can find something they will eat and enjoy. The Spanakopita was tasty and crisp and the Baklava, though made with pistachios and not walnuts, was crisp and not soggy. The pita bread could have been softer(fresher ?)
5	Fast service and delicious food! I do a lot of take out because I have small children. Ordering over the phone is easy and they have it ready fast! The Greek salad is the best I've had. The yummy white sauce on the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich makes it so good! Also, try the fries, the seasoning is so good! I love Cafe Mix and recommend it to everyone! The staff is friendly too!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley and definitely my favorite Greek food. Food is always fast fresh, delicious and well prepared. I come here 1-2 times a week. Everything here is good but my favorite is the Greek salad w beef kabob. Weekends is sit down w a server and week days just go through the line and get a table.
5	Authentic, delicous Greek food.  Fast, friendly service.  Everything on the menu is great, especially the gyros.
5	The best Greek food ever! Had their salad (which is HUGE) and chicken gyro pita. The pita was soooo good and the salad was very filling. Definitely coming again!Their baklava... AMAZING
5	Love this place and the food l first came here a couple of years ago and I am a regular for lunch now ..they even recognize my voice when I call in my order ..the gyros are better than the ones I had in Germany and the staff is wonderful ..must try and it helps that it's close to work
