5	You HAVE to see this show. It is the most mind blowing, theatrical experience I have ever encountered and I have seen a LOT of shows since I work in the entertainment industry. Buy the $125 tickets and try to get in the middle section, not too close to the front (the front of the rear, middle section would be ideal). Most of the action takes place way up in the air or in the middle of the air, not flat on the stage. The stage moves and goes away throughout the show, so if you're too close, you'll probably have to crane your neck up which would get tiring. I assure you, the show is worth every penny.I have seen a couple different Cirque du Soleil shows, but this one took the cake. The stage, technical direction, sound, performers, everything were amazing. You literally watch some of the moments and can't believe what you're seeing - it makes you feel like a little kid again.  Some civilain reviews complained that this show was not like other Cirque shows, and it's not. It's much more theatrical, less circusy - so if you like the acrobatics, stick to the other shows, like Mystere and O.Bottom line though, truly incredible - the most lavish and complex piece of theater I have ever seen.  I could go on about this show forever - just trust me... it's awesome!!
5	My favorite Vegas show ever!  A definite MUST-SEE!  Incredibly innovative and mesemerizing.  What a stage!  Even the "cheap seats" are good.
3	For a ticket of over $100, this is not the most brilliant show that Cirque du Soleil has put on. I thought that O was much more impressive.  It's more like theater, not like circus. There is a lot of cool visual elements but there is way too much wire work, which makes the feats of performance less impressive.
5	This is one of the best shows in las vegas due to how different it is. Compared to the other Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas, Ka is the most visually stunning. While I appreciated the other shows like O and Zumanity for its physcial stunts of the performers, Ka takes it to another level with its moving stage. I sat in the fouth row center, but as some of the performances are in the air and on the side of the theater, it may be better to sit further back, so that you can see the actors easily.
4	Excellent show even for all of those who are tired of the Cirque Du Soleil franchise (which includes me) and who enjoy dramatic arts/plays.  It mixes a dramatic story-line (an Asian royal family is pushed from power and struggles to escape a murderous hunt by the militant revolutionaries) and the tricks and acrobatics of the Cirque Du Soleil... AN EXCELLENT MIX!OH YEA... it also has the COOLEST STAGE EVER!!!  Absolutely amazing... the stage not only spins and goes up and down but, they also turn it completely on its side and use it as a screen to change the landscape.  The costumes have a great Asian flare and the music is a perfect complement to the story and excitement.  Oh yea... each seat has its own set of speakers... an excellent plus!Seats in the middle of the theater are a good money saver.  We went during the week and we didn't sacrifice much by saving $25 per ticket ($125 mid theater VS $150 for the front section).If you are looking to do Cirque Du Soleil and haven't seen O yet, KA is an excellent show.
5	I haven't seen any other Cirque shows but KA blew my mind. We we were in the front of the cheap seats and they were plenty good.
4	A unique drama more than a typical Cirque show.  However, the specially built theater, and the fantastic stage makes this a must see show.   Again, great costumes, and superb athletes. The stage is nothing short of miraculous.  It goes from a boat, to a beach, to a warfield where samurai type warriors battle each other; oh, and they battle each other as the stage does a 180 degree vertical. Amazing. You will be entertained to the utmost.  Ka adds another plum in the Cirque lineup in LV.
5	Fabulous, this show is beyond my expectation, really. The story line is great, many twists, drama, comedy and so on. The most incredible thing is the stage. It can go up and down, going from boat to hill and many things. AWESOME STAGE EVER. After seeing many shows from Cirque du Soleil I like this one the most. WOW again, IT'S A MUST SEE!!!!
4	This was the third production I saw by Cirque du Soleil.  On its own, it's a wonderful experience.  The stage is innovative, changing its angle to provide a stable ground, or absolutely vertical to become a different sort of stage altogether.The use of different props from ships to a primitive airplane makes it a joy to watch.  And the costume are simply gorgeous!  The story is rather common, but the various acrobatic feats and tricks will leave you mesmerized.I have to admit though, it doesn't hold a candle to O.  However, it is still a very charming piece of work!
4	Just saw this with three colleagues in the $99 section ($109 after tax)... pretty center, towards the back (best seats available).My thoughts:- Very comfortable seats!- A little too much fighting-oriented for my taste.- The hand-shadow part was touching and beautiful and clever.- Call me a dunce, but I really didn't follow the story line at all.  Okay, two sides... some bad people trying to kill the others, but that's about all I grokked.  And the Cirque folks are too damn cheap to give out even a small program?  That's a piss-off after such pricey tickets.- Yes, the stage was unbelievable!  I know it may sound silly to gush about a moving platform, but... really, you won't appreciate how amazing this is and how much it adds to the performance until you see it.- Costumes, music... very impressive.- Theatre... oddly not so impressive.  Except for the amazing stage and comfy seats, pretty uninspiring.  By the way, I was easily able to obtain tickets the day of (albeit not-outstanding seats), so if you're not picky, you probably don't have to worry about booking far in advance.  Then again, this was for a Tuesday night, so if you're arriving on a weekend, your mileage may vary.
5	***Nearly Two Years Later....***I've seen this show a total of 4 times now. It is freaking insane. I love how all the acrobatics are integrated into a story line with a plot and background. Beautiful beautiful show... The music is kick ass also.***We got super lucky. My high roller friend got me 4 $150 tickets for free that were in the front middle section, dead center to see this show. The show was absolutely amazing. It has a more straightforward plot and storyline than the other Cirque shows. Make sure you arrive earlier, there is a hilarious little pre show 15 minutes before the actual show starts. The technicality of the show was amazing. The music was amazing and theatrics were cool. MUST GO AND WATCH!!!
1	As someone who thoroughly reviewed all Yelp entries on this page before purchasing tickets, I feel an obligation to write in my first-ever entry that Ka must be avoided at all costs... Trust me, it was THAT bad... It was by far the worst-ever Cirque show I've been to, and I've seen quite a few. Ka's theatrics, stage set, special effects, etc etc... yes they were indeed impressive; I had goosebumps trying to find my seat in anticipation of a mind-blowing show. But man was I mistaken! Here are a few points I made over the performance:- The show opens with a narrator who tells you the gist of the entire story... That's plain sacrilege for Cirque fans!! Needless to say, the plot wasn't creative either and that's what my rating is mostly based on.- The outfits were HORRIBLE... you would expect the costumes to be visually stunning in a Cirque show but not here. Ka ads all seemed to tout its "tasteful ethnic blend" of both Asian patterning and designing, which included Korean hanboks, Japanese kimonos, Mongolian deels, Vietnamese ao dais, just to name a few... I definitely saw the effort to bring a fresh perspective to costume design, but it was a "smashed together" and nothing avant garde. It's unfortunate since their outfits seemed rather gaudy and cheap because of this, not "eclectic" as intended (especially after Natalie Portman paved the way with Star Wars).- Do note that Ka is more thatrical than acrobatic, as many of the reviewers below write. However, you should note that your ticket dollars will be paying for a massive rotating platform and not human performance. If that's your definition for "theatrical performance", then by all means, go for it. If not, stay clear of this show. - Their "martial arts" needs more work and coordination. Many of their fight scenes looked half-hearted for this very reason. I was so bored throughout the entire performance :(Since everyone seemed to give Ka great reviews, I'd hate to be the black sheep but it surely wasn't my cup of tea, to put it mildly. I'm sure many will disagree, but save your money and invest it in O or Mystere or gambling. You'll get more bang for your buck, no doubt. Fyi, La Nouba in Disneyworld is something to keep in mind. Now that's a great show you'll always remember.
5	Okay, so.....WOW!!!  As a local I've seen my share of the Cirque Du Soleil shows.  Some are odd (Mystere), some are dreamy and romantic ( "O" ) and some are just plain fun. ( LOVE )  But Ka is really the only one to follow a linear story line that doesn't confuse the audience.It's a story about a brother and sister separated during a celebration and the awe inspiring adventure they endure while trying to find one another after that cruel event.    Please to not take lightly that i said  "awe inspiring adventure."    We witness sinking ships at stormy sea,  a thick jungle full of tree jumpers and giant insects and snakes,  a flying bird machine composed of fir and people flying through a real snow storm and an epic battle remnant of any top notch magical Asian cinema.The above is really just a small portion of the fantastic evening at Ka.Highly recommended for the shear spectacle of it all.  Well that, and a story that made me a little teary.    Come on!  I can't help it.....theatrical reunions are made for weeping......embrace it!!!A regular ticket is in the $90 dollar range. (worth it)  But, keep in mind, if you're a local, that sometimes the box office can be quite generous.  So keep an eye out for offers at the MGM, sometimes they'll surprise you.
2	No comparison the the "O" show at the Bellagio.  Two or three good portions of the show, the rest of it was somewhat dissappointing.
4	My husband is into wushu which is one of the reasons we bought tickets for this show. Our seats were in the front row center so we had a great view of all of the action.  All I can say is that there are definitely some talented martial artists in this show.  I have been to many shows in Vegas but this has got to be my absolute favorite.
5	So far, I've seen Saltimbanco, Alegria, Quidam, Dralion, Varekai, Corteo, and OThis one brought back all the magic for me. The stage is the most elaborate, technically astounding piece of engineering I have seen in a show. It rotates and flips horizontal to vertical in real time, plus displays images and transforms in mysterious ways only a Cirque show can do.  Unlike other Cirque shows, KA has a strong storyline, and each act fits into it, flowing with the usual artistry, performing arts, layered music, and unqiue costumes.  It really has it all, and is worth the ticket price to get middle seats.It was so moving that after the show I had to buy both the soudntrack AND the documentary DVD, and impulse shopping is not my usual weakness.
3	Apparently I'm just some sort of weird, not-gettin'-it freak.  Because with Ka, I just don't get it and I don't get the glowing reviews.I'm an actual Vegas native, and I've seen the Cirque shows grow from one to seemingly hundreds on the Strip, and Ka is the only one I've ever seen.  My cousin was in town and got tickets and I went with her, thrilled to FINALLY see a Cirque show and see what all the hype was about.I was, uhm, kinda bored.Now, I've also been trained in theatre since I was wee, so I'm not one of those people who see something on stage and can't process it because it's not on a screen.  But the journey these kids go through bored me to tears.  The acrobatics were so-so.  A lot of the scenes went on minutes after they'd lost their appeal.Some awesome stuff:  Technically, the show is amazing.  Looking at it with a designer's eye brought me a lot more entertainment than the storyline did.  There're also a couple of dudes with mullets who look like they just got off of a WCW tour jump roping on dually-spinning spheres and that was RAD.Of course, if dudes with mullets win me over, maybe my taste ain't so good after all.
5	Ka was incredibe. The stage on hydraulics was just astounding for us. At every scene change, I was like, "Waaaaaoooouuuw."We really enjoyed the ushers, before the show started. We got tickets so close (a little too close for me, actually), we stood up to look over the side, down into the stage area. Three ushers came out of no where and explained with goofy accents how we'll lose our eyebrows, and "it takes six months for those to grow back!"I liked it. I'd like to see it one more time, a little farther away, so I can see more.
3	The stage is AMAZING, don't get me wrong.  With so many variations of earths' elements portrayed on the stage, it was incredible!  I loved the part where they just LET the sand fall off the stage.  All of it.  I was like "boy that's a lot of cleanup", but it was beautiful.  Also, the ushers were a lot of fun, the seats were comfy, had speakers built into the headboard, and the stage just looked magnificent.  If you're going to buy top notch seats, I would recommend center, first of all, and then I would say that the first half of section 102, from rows A to K are probably not good seats to be in.  We sat in section 202 row BB and it was PERFECT.  The reason being that the stage is actually a vertical one, so people sitting up front actually have to crank their necks backwards so that they can see what's going on on "top".The story... I couldn't follow at all.  I almost wished they didn't have one.  It was really hard to follow and it seemed as though the kept dwelling on certain scenes, as if they were having a hard time communicating it with the audience.  In one of the scenes, one of the twins kept falling out of the flyer... and then getting caught again... and then... flying out again... I didn't understand why.The other thing I didn't like about Ka was its darkness.  I prefered the romance a show like "O" brought and the abstractness of the other Cirque du Soleil shows.  I appreciated scenes like the shadow puppets, but I really didn't appreciate the fighting and the war scenes so much... Well, that's my two cents.  I know a lot of people DO enjoy it, and fully understood the storyline... but that was not my thought.  I missed the clowns...
5	Another WOW review for Ka, what can I say?  I love love love Cirque du Soleil's O, and Ka comes in for a very close second.  I would DEFINITELY go back to see it again and the BF couldn't agree more.  We sat in the back section (202) right smack in the middle, and I'm not sure if I would change my seats in the future.  Sitting further back, you can really appreciate the moving stage (which is an understatement), and all the other visual and lighting effects.  Sitting closer, I could check out the costumes and make-up a bit better, I guess.  But I was in awe throughout the show.  The music was fabulous as well.  The effects were just great!  I'm surprised I didn't seat this show earlier! This show is a lot easier to follow because of the storyline that's laid out from the very beginning.  You can't help but be mesmerized by all the elements and I heard myself gasping with some of the acrobatic performances by these talented athletes.Rankings thus far:1) Cirque du Soleil's O2) Cirque du Soleil's Ka3) Cirque du Soleil's Mystere4) Dragone's Le ReveSidenote: They usually offer half off tickets during March/April for Nevada residents!
5	It was so amazing. The stage moves up and down, and can simulate ANYTHING! I mean they had incredible costumes, backdrops, props, lighting, and sound effects! They could simulate the whole ocean, the sandy beach, everything. I definitely recommend it. For exactly 90 minutes, it's worth the money. And ask about the package with the chef's taster at Craftsteak for half off the regular price (if you buy it with KA tickets), and you'll be set with one of the best meals and one of the best shows you'll ever experience.
3	$150 for this?!!  Granted, I will give you.. great costumes, amazing stage construction (both the girders enveloping each side), and the rotating platform in the middle that you have to wonder how it's moving around (hydraulics I assume).  We got a little humor in the beginning telling us that cell phones and cameras as a no-no..  There's a moment when they use clever LCD projection to overlay graphics as the men climb the wall (the stage turns 90 degrees to face the audience).  It's slightly amazing how they climb this very steep wall sometimes.  With that said, the entire thing seemed to be about fighting with other armies, running away, yada yada.  All swinging was done with safety lines, not much acrobatics.  If your looking for a show that takes your breathe away, this is not.. Save your money and spend half as much on Mystere'
4	I saw this is the middle of March and sat in the VERY last row of the theater. But guess what? We could see fine, stayed far enough from the stage for my friend whose afraid of acrobat's sanity, and saved a lot of buck! Our tickets were only $75.Get to the theater very, very early. The show starts a half hour before its stated time and only runs for about 1 1/2 in total. I left wanting more. The stage is indeed impressive and more than a few times I asked myself how anyone could dream up such a feat. Although the stage seems a heavy slab of engineering genius, the stage metamorphosizes throughout the show to blend in with each scene providing at times the backdrop and at others the centerpiece of the show.Although we were impressed by the acrobatics, a consensus favorite among our group of six were the shadow puppets; animated and full of personality.(Minus one star because I could not make out the story line among everything else going on, which together with the show's brevity, left me somewhat unsatisfied.)
5	This is the 1st show I've seen in Vegas, and it was AMAZING!  I sat in section 202 Row CC and seriously think they were the best seats in the house (and for only the middle price range!).  Definitely try to sit in the middle section (202) and as close to AA as possible.  Since the stage is constantly moving (and vertical) you actually have a better view further away.  Go see it! You won't be disappointed!!!
3	Cirque is a revolutionary company,  They have removed many of the elements of a traditional circus..animals, trainers, but have kept the clowns and the trapeze artists/daredevils.  They have added incredible staging(KA cost 100 million dollars) and equally stunning costumes.The company has been a subject of many business books like Blue Ocean Strategy and a favorite of business pundits everywhere.So it begs the question:  Why were the five of us sleeping through this show?  Maybe it was the alcohol, food, sun and general lack of sleep.  A better reason is the story is difficult to follow at times to say the least.  I think that they have created a masterpiece for themselves, but may have forgot that simplicity is also an art.
5	I was in huge debate over whether or not to see Ka by myself over the weekend, or wait possibly 3-6 months to see it with the gf. Thank God I decided to watch it, it was such an amazing show, and I'll definitely see it again with my girlfriend.  I'm even gonna say that it is by far the BEST Cirque show I've seen (the other two were O, and Mystere..which are still shows that deserve five stars).     The music, costumes, stage, theater, pyrotechnics, acrobatics, martial arts were all fantastic as expected from a Cirque show.  But what really separated Ka from the other Cirque shows that I've seen was the story of the two imperial twins journeys and battles.  I loved the theater and the moving stage as well, props to Cirque with their creativity in stage presentation.      I ended up buying cheap tickets because I was watching it by myself, but as Donna said below...I would definitely recommend Category 2 or 3/4 tickets, rather than Category 1. Just because so much of the action happens all around you, and in so many angles..it almost helps to sit farther away to get a more complete view of the each scene. Not to mention Category 2 and 3/4 are cheaper tickets than category 1 as well (which IMO might put you too close to the stage).    Anyway Ka is a FANTASTIC show, and would recommend it to ANYONE. Definitely worth the $80-200 you may spend per ticket.~G
3	While I was not struck in awe of this particular performance, I still thought that it was quite creative and fancy. The highlights of this show, at least for me, were 1. The rotating platform with a really cool graphic display on the screen of this platform.2. The fireworks in the end.The reason why I was not blown away by Ka, is because, I have seen Le Reve (The Dream) at The Wynn and I think that show was definitely way better than Ka.... It is this show in water, there is water in the pool, water flowing from the top etc..... Much better than Ka, but you can read all about that show in the review I shall be writing for Le Reve. BTW, there is this one particular jungle kinda scene with grasshoppers and what not... that was a little lame, I thought... with respect to - taking away a little bit of the charisma and sophistication from the effect that the entire setup and performance create on the viewer. Anyway, all in all, it was a good show! =)
5	It took me two times to decide that I love this show.  The first time, a long day of rock climbing meant that I slept though much of the show.  It was still kind of interesting, as I kept incorporating KA and rock climbing into my dreams.The second time would be different!  I stayed awake, and am glad I did.KA is one of a host of Cirque de Soleil shows offered by MGM Mirage.  At $165 million it was the most expensive to produce, and is chock full of technical wizardry.  Like the other Cirque shows, its main attraction is the skill of its performers.  Unlike the other Cirque shows, there's a plot - but just barely.  It's probably best to read a synopsis of the plot prior to going, then pretty much ignore the plot while you're watching.  I don't want to spoil any part of the show, but the part near the end that involves bungy cords is stunning.
2	I'm still fuming over shelling out money for this show.  Save your money and go see O or Love again.  Maybe if this show were $40 it wouldn't be bad.
3	KA was good. Not as good as O by a long shot. I don't really get the story but the effects and stage set up's were amazing. Very expensive for tickets. We had amazing seats 6 rows from the front but $165.00 a ticket was just too much $$$$ for a 1.5 hour show.
5	The Best Cirque Du Soleil show in Vegas, and the best among all the Cirque shows I've seen so far. Just right when you get in the MGM theater, you can already feel that the show is good. The lighting was amazing, the coordination of the performers and the moving stage was great. I personally think its better than O, Mystere, Alegria, Le Reve, and Zumanity. Although it sucks because that's where I lost my south sea black pearl & diamond pendant while watching the show. I almost cried, we looked in every row close to where we were seated. I was crying in the beginning of the year, it was New Year's Eve 2006.
2	I seriously didn't understand the good reviews about this show. I saw 3 shows in Las Vegas over the weekend. The first one was Phantom, 2nd one was KA and third "O".  I was really impressed with Phantom. I disliked the KA. It has no plot and the scenery was not captivating like the O. I almost fell asleep. You can see how good a show is when all you wanted was hoping that the show would end soon.....Really a waste of time in my humble opinion.
4	Only gave Ka 4 stars because it was a cut below "O"...which is admittedly a ridiculously high bar...have little to add to whats already been said...performance and story were great... stage mechanics/effects spectacular...a little pricey at $165 each but our 5th row dead center seats made show unbelievably great
5	Awesome show! This was the first Cirque du Soleil show that I had ever seen and now I want to see more! What those performers could on that moving stage was amazing. I can't even imagine the hours of practice they must have put in. I was worried what my boyfriend would think of the show since he's not exactly a show-watching guy but he was thoroughly impressed.I also really liked the part with the shadow puppets. Great stuff. :) And - since I was able to get $140 seats for only $50 thanks to a sale I found online, I enjoyed the show that much more.
5	The show uses a lot of Chinese acrobatic performers.  Many were standard Chinese acrobatic acts.  There were even one scene where the performers were doing standard Peking Opera routines of kicking spears around on stage.  To non-Chinese audience, many of the acrobatic acts seem amazing.  But they are no surprise to Chinese audience.However, I must give 5 stars for its amazing production.  The high tech pivoting stage that also serves as an interactive projection system, the surround sound system on the head rest on every seat.  The story line seamlessly glued together a collection of seemingly unrelated standard Chinese acrobatic acts that are no longer recognizable as Chinese.  The choreography was so good that most acts looked like a  dance. It brought you to a fantasy world with great entertainment values.  It even includes several scenes designed for kids.  Our kids loved the comedy on the "beach" and the shadow puppet show.  I am particularly impressed by the bird eye view of the battle scene.  The actors played out the battle on wires in front of a vertical wall.  They played the scene so effortlessly and you thought you were really looking at a battle from above but in reality you were only looking forward.  Such scene is no big deal in a movie, it is just a different camera angle.  However, imagine doing it live on stage.  That is amazing production.I think this is what Las Vegas show is all about.  I enjoyed this much better than Mystere.
4	My first cirque show so my review is actually  4 1/2 stars since I hear the "O" show is better. I was pretty well entertained. Bought my tix through their website and got the Cat1 tix at $165/each which put us in the front row. The front row had its +/-.Plus side - at some points the performers were right infront of us you could literally touch or trip them if you stuck your arm or leg out. Minus side - you can't get the grand scheme of things you tend to look up and around and some parts of the show you can't even see above the rotating stage.The show was very entertaining with a lot of excitement. The characters were bright and cheery and the bad guys played their part too. The story...eh? But hey it was still a good show maybe not worth the price so try that place that sells tix for half price on the strip next to the harley davidson shop.
4	I'd seen Cirque du Soleil's productions before in Asia, but nothing prepared me for this. When I walked into the theater with lil guy, I was taken aback at the sheer size of this whole production. We got pretty good seats -- eye level. I chose NOT to sit way up front due to previous experiences as I knew with any Cirque productions, you will have to stretch your neck up to view everything high up and miss a lot of things which were performed on an elevated stage. And I'm really glad I chose the seats I did because we got an excellent view.Before the show started some cast members would interact with the audience which caused some hilarious moments. There was also one staged interaction which basically was a message to audience members not to smoke, use their cell or use flash photography during the performance. It was nicely executed.I'm not sure if I enjoyed KA as much as previous productions because I felt that the story line was really confusing (and it seems that other yelpers have found the same thing). Yes the acrobatic movements are quite impressive, but anyone who has seen the Chinese acrobats in action will know that this is really nothing exceptional. However, when you put that together with the music, the lights, the stage effects and the entire grandiose and elaborate production that KA is, I guess it's pretty damn amazing.I know hubby and lil guy (both Cirque du Soleil virgins) were both in awe of it all. Lil guy loved the pyro show at the end. His eyes were just wide open throughout the entire performance with intermittent glances over to me with a huge grin on his face. Just that alone was enough to bring him to another Cirque performance.OH and another thing.... you can buy drinks -- yes, alcoholic drinks -- and bring it into the theater and drink them while you watch the show.
4	I just came back from Vegas last night. My friends and I watched the show on Weds. night @ 930 and it was awesome! One of the girls got a promo code from a website that got us discounted tickets. I think after taxes it was $57-60(S row 202?). We sat in the middle to the right of the theatre, seats were right in front where the upper section starts. We were sitting in front of this wooden ledge where performers ran across before the show started. I'm glad we didn't get seats too close since we were able to enjoy watching the show without neck problems (bad experience when I watched The Lion King" a couple of years ago...3rd row = major neck ache).4 stars since they were so rude when we took a foto before the show started. It's a no-no since they want to make $$ off of you to buy THEIR fotos. Also....plan on eating before hand. Small popcorn $7 and drinks were well over priced in comparison to the hotel bar!
5	An incredible theater-going experience.  The theater was built specifically for this show and both the theater and the performers are amazing. As with most other Cirque du Soleil's shows, the story line plays a secondary role to the astounding physical ability of the actors. And the actors do not disappoint in the least.This is a wonderful, beautiful and mesmerizing production and an experience worth adding to your list of things to do in Vegas.
4	I was BLOWN away  by this production.  The sheer size of the stage, the moving, the dancing, the jumping, the tricks, the costumes, AWESOME!!!I could even follow the story for 95% of the time!!!  The ushers that did not talk were pretty funny too. They used hand signals to tell the people that they should keep an eye on me. HAHAHAI am docking it one star for the $20 drinks and the $125 per ticket. I mean I am still a student for jezus christos.
4	Four stars for the rotating stage! I don't really care for chinese martial arts or acrobatics; I wanted to see the show based solely on the stage! That stage is freakin amazing. Did you see the hydraulics on that thing?!? Oh it's so beautiful the way it can twirl and flip and go horizontal and vertical and every other angle in between... Oh and the arrows and the poofs of sand... Still trying to figure out if the sand ripples were calculated based off where they stepped (hence the delay) or if it was choreographed so that they knew where to step for the next light ripple. I love LOVE that stage!
1	This show was a complete waste of time and money.   From watching a baton twirler (see them at any high school football game) to a guy flipping three books for what seemed like an eternity this show was pure torture.  As for the stage, it was impressive, but so is the one at  Radio City Music Hall.  It does not mean you should go see the show.  Go watch someone at a rock climbing wall instead.  An overly ornate theater gives you the impression you are going to see something very special when you walk in.  Instead a few guys bang drums and they shoot some arrows from above during the show.Watch an old Ed Sullivan rerun and save yourself some serious money.
4	It was really really good......a little hard to follow but still so amazing. I saw Le Reve 2 years ago it was almost as good as that.still i don't know how they do it......we had amazing seats and the 1.5 hours definitely flew by.The stage rotates anf flips and there are people still on it and the costumes and makeup are just amazing  touches my designers heartif you are contemplating seeing this just do it you wont regret it.
5	Great entertainment, impressive human and technical performance. I liked KA better than Zunamity.
4	This is a show you should watch once if you can afford it. Go to the internet and there is a code that you can get ticket discounts of $30. You do not have to buy the most expensive ticket because the theaters are new and you can get a good view even for the low price ticket. We pay top price $165 including tax for front row on the second section because one of us won a jackpot and she was not planning to see any show. We decided last minute to watch this show. Most people will prefer sitting at the back of the 1st section or the front of the second section. At least half of the action are up high (7 stories high) and you will be really stretching your neck if you sit up front. The best value is the lower price seat in the second section. This is a very different Cirque du Soleil show. The most unique part is that stage which rotates in all kinds of directions even straight up. It is worth it to see this show once. I believe there are very few people that will watch it more than once. In Vegas there are many shows I have watch many times. This is one show I do not think I'll go back again because it is only the unique stage and production that one should see but very little repeat value.There is a story for this show but the detail is not clear to me. I prefer the way the Chinese present their show of this type by showing a few descriptions in a small text box on the side of the stage explaining the characters and the plot. I still have no idea other then the two young actors who the other roles are and what part do they play in the story.
5	Awesome show.  Awesome set design.  This is what a show should look like, feel like.Be prepared to shell out some bucks for/at the show tho, you wont find this show on the discount ticket booths.  I cant beleive that every seat has a speaker in it.
5	Imagine..."Return of the Sith" meets "Matrix" meets Circus Circus... it was awesome. If you've seen every Cirque under the sun like I have, the moving set allows a new refreshing twist on the performances. Worth the money, but you don't have to pay top dollar for the tix. There's really not a bad seat in the house.
5	There are no words to how great this show is! The set is amazing! Stunts are breathe taking and your smack dab in the middle. I don't want to ruin it for anyone who hasn't seen it but this show has this stage and the ways in which they use it and how they came up with the ideas for the stunts and arial acrobatics is beyond me. So worth the money, I loved it so much I got sucked into the gift shop right after the show and bought a shirt! WOOOO!
5	This show was amazing.  Their use of sets is astounding.  These people are so creative.  They use everything to its fullest.  The lights, actors, set everything.
5	This was my 1st Cirque du Soleil show.  My co-worker gave me a link to a summer online special for $50 (What?  You think I was gonna spend $150 for a circus act show?...outta your mind!)  It was well worth it!In the beginning, I found the show to be a bit slow and boring.  (Probably because I was up until 6 am playing poker and only had 3 hours sleep!)  But as the show progressed, I saw a lot of acrobatics and moves that just captivates me and other viewers.  Eventhough they don't speak a word of english, I understood the storyline to the show.  I just spent a lot of time marveling about the special effects especially with moving stage.
5	The stage itself is the star of this show! A must see, and not really Cirque that we have come to know with a lot of pseudo circus acts. Very well done, and the theater itself lends to the show. Don't get front row seat tickets as a lot of the action goes on above the very front section of the audience. We sat back and to the side of the stage and saw everything.
4	Brilliant.  Breathtaking.  Tribal.  Meow.What a story!  What dramatics!  And what shape these actors must be in.  Seriously, I was very moved by this show.  Our seats were great; one of the actors climbed right over me.  Not real tattoos.The only time my mind began to wander to work-related stress was during the rainforest scene with the weird animals.  That was a little lost in translation, hence the loss of one star.I recommend to anyone that they splurge and see Ka.  There is something for every type in the show.
4	What a show! My first CDS one and I was not dissapointed in any way. I was just thinking for the entire show "how can people do that... can I do that... without killing myself?", its trully entertaining, next one is Mystere!
3	CLICK HERE FOR HALF PRICED TICKETShttp://www.goldstar.com/?p=f292244ff26perhaps not may favorite cirque, but there's so many in vegas... how can one compete? if you must watch: 1.) reserve early and ask for the first row balcony. those are the best seats for your money, even if they tell you that there's not a bad seat in the house; 2.) come early, they may ask you to be part of the show; and, 3.) watch your drinks. what you think is a table may really be part of the stage. but, don't fear, there are cupholders on the seats themselves.  -- stars based on category, not food
5	I have seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas, some multiple times, and most all of their road shows. All of them are well worth seeing. As with all their shows the music, sets, costumes, performers are outstanding and meld together a magical theme. In this case the story is very linear and simple to follow, but still magical as with other cirque shows. The entirely moving stage, absolute vertical, is incredible. I would also suggest getting a seat about 5 rows back. Just enough so not to be too close, but still get the experience of having events and people fly directly over your head-multiple times! They also do a great job of using and melding together the stage and the auditorium all around you. A complete experience.Many have already written up this show so I'll simply direct you to a good video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noXiNRYb8DE of scenes.Go to their web site and make reservations early for the best seats. Now!
4	Our first Cirque du Soleil show...and it was amazing.  I have a difficult time getting my guy to see anything that doesn't involve muscle cars or racing -- and just any "hint of a nutsack" and he's outta there.  Needless to say, Stars on Ice and the Nutcracker Ballet are rare events for us.  We were supposed to see "O" with some out-of-town friends, but I chose Ka after reading reviews about the various CDS shows because it supposedly had a storyline and seemed to have a more masculine theme with the impact of fire and war and all.As we walked into the massive auditorium/stage set, we were were stunned by the complexity and enormity of everything.  Our seats were perfect...in the middle section 102, row M, seats 21 and 22.  As the show unfolded, I had goosebumps during some of the thrilling performances.  Despite being a simple storyline, there was often so much going on that it was hard to see everything.  For example, when the female twin falls into the forest, she falls in love with the firefly boy.  Yet, while this was happening right in front of us in the middle of the "stage," my guy was completely focused on the gigantic bugs on either side of the scene, which were going up and down poles and spinning upside down and around.  He had no idea what that scene was about.  Of course, everyone has their own viewpoint...I really liked the fighting scenes, including the one on the stage that went 100% vertical, and the drowning scene was so graceful it almost brought tears to my eyes.  You really need to see this show to appreciate how huge an endeavor it is.  I'm looking forward to another CDS show one of these days...perhaps "O," which our friends also highly recommended after seeing it that same night.  I'll just have to make sure we sit far enough away to lessen the chances of seeing you-know-what.
5	One of my lifelong dreams has been to see a Cirque show, so when Kieran decided "YES!" let's go see KA I was absolutely tickled!We watched a Sunday showing at 7pm, which boggled my mind that they had a performance at 9pm as well!  That is CRAZY to me, as a performer, I've done matinees and night shows but never back to back, and with the movement they do, it's just crazy!I loved the story line of KA and the stage was incredible.  My two favorite parts were the brothers in the giant hamster wheels and the baton twirling girl.  She rocked my world!  Oh and how can I forget, the Court Jester.  :D
5	Not sure that you can really say that a certain cirque show is better than the other, especially the ones in Vegas. They are really all of high quality and slightly different.This one is wonderfully done - it has a nice storyline and a dramatic stage that includes the ceiling and all the sides of the tall theater.  While each scene on stage is not as baroque as that of O's, KA's scenes are bold and beautiful and really draw you along into the story.  We sat near the back, but there's really not a bad seat in the houseDefinitely a must do if you like cirque du soleil!
5	150 bucks (discount included) to see a Cirque show...are you nuts?Well 10 of us fell for it...and all 10 of us were incredibly impressed... i've see "O" at the Bellagio...and i've seen a 3 of their traveling shows...but I must say, that this was liklely the most impressive show...most entertaining...and the stage was brilliant...the engineering, the lights, the sounds, the seats with speakers...brilliant...The drinks are pretty pricey inside the stadium...18 bucks for a large, 12 for a regular sized...but let me tell you..the margarita (small) was strong enough to get somewhat toasty...:)
4	I liked this show a lot.  It was my second Cirque show and it was very good.  The story was easy to follow but the dudes helping before the show I could have done without.  I know they're there to help get you in the mood for the performance but I personally didn't care for them.  As for the show, it was fun.  I really liked the wall scene and the thing with sand.  I thought the sand part was cute and gave you a break before they came back at you with more action.  Your heart can only beat so fast for so long.  When I'm back in Vegas, I'll definitely be going to see another Cirque show.
5	KA was amazing. I feel it stepped outside of what you would consider a typical Cirque show. But what it lacked in acrobatics it made up for in stunts, fight scenes and special effects. The agility of the stage was absolutely amazing, and left you wondering "how did they do that?"We originally came to Vegas wanting to see "O", but when tickets were upwards of $400 from scalpers we decided KA would suffice, but it definitely exceeded our expectations.Unlike most shows this is a very dark show. There is the sprig of lightness, but it quickly jumps back into dark fight scenes with heavy music. This was my first Vegas Cirque show, but I loved it. I love how the second you walk in the door you are "in the show".
2	KA was OK but not great.  If you have seen several other Cirque du Soleil shows you will feel let down, as we did.The sets are fantastic, but the show itself is quite slow-moving and, well, boring.  Both of us dozed off during the show.  The rotating and vertical stage is a true feat of engineering, but you have to wait nearly an hour before you see it in action and it's not enough to carry the whole show.Our KA tickets cost $165 each and we didn't think this show was worth the value of the ticket.  We LOVE Cirque du Soleil and have seen many of the shows, but it's clear from KA that Cirque du Soleil has become too overextended and their creativity is suffering.
5	I'm amazed at the number of reviewers that say they actually fell asleep during this show. Are they for real? I also don't understand the people who say that they didn't get the story. It was pretty basic. Two twins (brother and sister) get separated during a traumatic event and they spend the rest of the time trying to find eachother. There-- now you can't say that you don't get the plot. I had always wanted to see a Cirque show, and found a good deal on the tickets - 1/2 off the $165 seats. Sat in Sec 103 Row M, aisle seats closest to center. The use of the stage and accompanying visual effects is undeniably amazing. I love the way the show takes us on a journey to so many different "places" using the stage in such a stunning varety of ways. Brilliant and very creative. The shadow puppet scene was so sweet it brought a tear to my eye. Love the way people fall off the stage etc etc, the ship at sea,  and the scene with the vertical stage and the arrows etc --commendation to the awesome performers--  how do they do it, and how do they not get hurt? Wow.Guys should appreciate the martial arts, fight scenes and pyrotechnics, and by the way--- OMG to the dudes on the wheel!!All that being said, there were a couple of moments I found my mind wandering during scenes that dragged a bit too long, like the beach scene and the jungle scene - but those scenes were still cool in their own right.*Overall though, Ka is stunning, exhilarating and moving. The 90 minutes pretty much flew by  and I would definitely recommend it!
4	such a feat. tickled all my senses. you can feel and smell the poofs of fire/heat.my eyes wanted more!all the magic and wonder we lose to everyday life is zapped back into you! so amazing what these people can do with their bodies. it is phenomenal.
5	KA was absolutely amazing. Even in the close to last row in the house (where we were sitting) the show was still brilliant. I've seen Cirque du Soleil in SF twice in the tent and although that was great, there is just so much more they can do with a permanent space. I haven't seen O, but KA highlights every earth element, in addition to bringing warriors and has people literally flying and falling into a HUGE pit the entire time. Trust me, its worth the money.
5	Like most reviewers, I, too, have seen all of Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas and some of their road shows.  By far KA made the most impression on me.  Who would have thought anyone could perform on an absolute vertical line stage!!  Amazingly magical is an understatement!  Skip the Blue Man Group and come see this show.  It will make your Vegas trip well worth it.
4	I just saw this performance a few days ago. It was great. The stage was awesome, the actors were great, and I loved the music. But I think O at the Belagio is still my favorite.
5	This show is freakin awesome!!  The stage is unreal and bigger than life.  The stadium is also built in a way where there are almost no bad seats which is great since you can skip the super expensive seats for cheaper ones.  The most impressive aspect was this 50+ foot long rotating platform where the performers were sliding down, jumping off, and doing all sorts of other stunts on.  The actors on the rotating wheel of death were pretty awesome as well, totally incredible acting and stunts.  I haven't seen many other Cirque shows, but from what i've seen so far it's the real thing and totally worth the price of admission!
5	The best Cirque du Soleil show I have seen. The stage is absolutely impressive complete with fireworks and live flames. The music is amazing. I never buy CDs after a show but I went into the Ka Store and bought a copy immediately afterwards. The story can be confusing b/c there's so much happening on the stage, I recommend surfing it up before going in - it won't ruin the experience.
5	SPECTACULAR!!!If anyone votes anything less than 5 stars I will go to your house and shank you! *JUST KIDDING* But seriously... the show was AMAZING!!!I love love love this show because it was seriously nothing I have ever seen in my life. It was so beautiful and the storyline was extremely moving.  I want to plan another Vegas trip just so I can experience this theatrical masterpiece again!
5	2 or 3 stars?  Boy... hard to impress some people around here.  Having seen all the Vegas Cirque shows, this is one of the best.  "O" is still at the top of my list but KA is not too far behind... Unlike most other Cirque shows, there is a story line with KA.  The audience can follow along as the acrobats fly threw the air.  The stage alone just blows me away...  You have to see it for yourself!  It's well worth every penny!NOTE:  Check out summer specials... we were able to see KA, Love, and La Reve all for about 1/4 the normal price.
5	Man this show was awesome!  My husband surprised me with front row tickets on our last trip there and all I can say is WOWZAS!  How anyone can walk out of that show and go "eh" is completely beyond me.  And trust me,walking out of the show, I actually heard a couple of people say that.  The special effects, the costumes, the dancing, the two men on the wheel of death; all of it , just completely mesmerizing!  This was our first Cirque de Solei show, but we're convinced, and will definitely see another one during our next trip to Vegas.
5	If you love 'O', then you will definitely have to have a love affair with KA.  Another triumph from Cirque du Soleil.  While 'O' is based on water, KA is based on fire.  Prepare for a hot evening of entertainment that you will not believe!  The entire stage literally lifts and rotates, and at one point is completely standing up straight while the performers "climb" up and down and dance all across it.  The most amazing act is the Wheel of Death, where two performers are running both inside and atop two giant rotating wheels.  It's another increasingly expensive show, but that's what credit cards are for, right?
5	Vegas would not be complete without a Cirque du Soleil show, and KA would fit the bill for a great show to watch while you're vacationing to Vegas. Out of all the shows, this one had a story line that you could sort of follow. The music, acrobatics, costumes and effects (especially the water scene) were fantastic! Very cool stage! You have to watch it to know what I mean.Up to January 31st, Premium seating ONLY  is  up to 50% off, which tickets are usually $165 ($150 +$15 tax), so it would be about $82.50 while available. Be prepared to be impressed by another great CDS show!
3	it really depends what you're looking for in a show:Storyline: 5-starProduction set: 4-starAcrobatics: 1-starFor me, it averages out to be about 3 stars. Although the most important thing for me is acrobatics which is why I would weight that more heavily. At the end of the day, i would spend my money elsewhere like on Mystere on my favorite, O.
5	ka, for me, meant...my first las vegas show,or better yet...my first cirque du soleil show.man. i wanted to watch more after this.my friends and i stopped by vegas on our way back to los angeles from a snowboarding trip in utah. we were all pretty beat from days of snowboarding and the long drive. so, we opted for a chill night in vegas by watching a show. we were able to get our hands on some tickets for this show and let me tell you, i was pretty skeptical about spending some big bucks on tickets, but it was well worth it.from the moment i stepped in to the theater, it was pretty crazy. unfortunate for oneof my friends and i, we had a little complication with our ticketing, because as they were scanning our ticket, i guess it showed up that our seats were taken? anyways, after a couple minutes, we were seated and well on our way through this KA journey.being my first vegas/cirque du soleil show, i really didn't know what to expect. all i knew, were there would be a lot of acrobatic stuff. and sure enough, there were.honestly, while i was watching it, due to my extreme tiredness, i dozed off a couple of times.. BUT NOT BECAUSE IT WAS BORING. i was DEAD tired =/ sucks for me, my friends informed me afterwards that the parts i dozed off, was the BEST. o well. nevertheless, i was thoroughly impressed by the production. and even missing the best part, i thought it was amazing.another confession, i didn't understand the story line TOO well. there were parts where i was really confused. but, thanks to MGM, we were watching this show on TV back in our room. they were showing like a "making of KA" show, and it clarified a lot of stuff for me. watching that, made ka even better.wow, i'm going round and round in circles. so.. back to the show. i don' want to say too much, cuz then i'd ruin the awesome experience for others. but you'll be impressed. mark my word.go watch it.but, if you really want to know what i liked, its the part with the wheels, and then the chairs you're sitting on has speakerphones. totally tripped me out. hahah and, also. i was on this trip with a bunch of engineers, so we were looking at the mechanics of staging and such. man, it was pretty crazy. i don't know how they did all that rotating, and effects biznazz. tiight.just watch it.
5	Ka is so far my favorite CDS out of all the ones i've seen thus far. I've also seen Mystere, O, and Varacai.Ka was exciting and thrilling from beginning to end. There was not one dull moment. It had a good storyline and was performed very well through the acting and acrobats. It had one of the most incredible stage sets ever. I was in awe the entire time. The music fit in perfectly with each act and scene. The performers were precise and nailed every act. I also loved the theme and martial arts. The special effects, esp from the sides of the stage, were very entertaining as well. You had people swinging from all parts of the theater, which kept your eyes focused on many things keeping things interesting throughout the show. My dad who normally sleeps through all these shows actually stayed awake for the entire thing!!I definately want to catch this show again when i'm in Vegas. I heard good things for Love too so I def want to check that out.
2	I had very high expectations for KA because O, Mystere & Zumanity were great. I should have known better when I bought tickets for 50% off on travelzoo. The stage set-up was amazing, the acrobats were lacking and storyline just OK. There were some cute  funny acts, but for over $150 a ticket, I expected the usual human defying acts.
5	Ka Rocks!   What can I say, this is a great show.   The CDS crew really outdid themselves.   The moving stage is simply unbelievable.    The storyline is pretty simple, but it's a nice sweet story about the human condition.   Will I be back?   I've seen it twice and might go back again some time.   Way to go CDS!
4	very good storyline w/ kickass acrobatics some funny scenes fireworks excitement overall great show
4	Another Cirque that should get 3.5 stars.  Why?  Allot of people have this as there number 2 Cirque, possible number 1.  I have seen all the Cirque's on the strip except One...LOVE.  Ka, is I think my number 3(Maybe).  But, enough with personal.  Ka, is awesome theatre!  The effects in this show is what makes it great!  They make you believe in all that they do.  From boats, to drowing and swimming.  Climbing mountains, and even shooting arrows across the theatre!  They pretend there animals, and the stage has actors, and artists flying off the stage.  Like all Cirques the ushers keep you entertained from the moment you walk in.  Then the actors, keep you in the story by walking around the theatre almost at least once in every scene.  And finally all the effects and some, I stress some, acrobatics keep you locked in.  The Stage, The Show, and the Fireworks at the end make it a must see.  ***Do a stand-by ticket on Thursday night if you can.  The seats are amazing.  Be there by 6, and you might get Center Row for half price.!
5	UNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!!  Walking through the doors, you're immediately transported to a spectacular world where we are mere mortals transported into a land where people fall from the skies, the hardest working cast member is a huge flat stage, and FIRE!Don't be a schmuck and walk around this wonderful Cirque du Soleil world as a tourist.  Relax and sit back.  Enjoy.Oh, and did I mention FIRE?!
5	Epic story telling with a cinematic feel to it. Now I've seen the much-reported superior 'O' as well (we had great seats - up front and everything!) but I somehow found Ka to be much more enjoyable. I think 'O' seemed to be more of an acid trip than anything - at least Ka had a pretty linear storyline that the wife and I could both understand and enjoy. The stunts in Ka were amazing - most impressive being the Wheel of Death. The music and choreography  both went well with each other and I found myself buying the soundtrack shortly afterwards. The real star of the show is the mechanical high-tech stage. It floats over an abyss and constantly changes into different things - flowing and molding itself with the storyline. One minute it's a beach, the next it's a cliff wall... Amazing.Stuntwork is well done with a nice touch of martial arts mixed into everything. Costwise, this show might actually be one of the better values compared to the other Cirque productions (just don't get suckered into attending a time-share seminar for free tickets). When the wife and I return to the City of Sin, we'll be sure to pick up better seats for our second Ka viewing.
2	LAME!  This is my first Cirque show, and hopefully will be my last.  Yes, the engineering on the stage movements and design is mind boggling, and the performers are talented acrobats, but I didnt know what the fuck was going on during the entire performance.  I was afraid the performers would notice the contorted look of confusion and dismay on my face and fall off their ropes.  First they're on a boat that sinks, then some of them wash up on a sandy shore, then somehow they're in an arctic tundra, and then in a lush jungle, and finally in some volcanic underground lair.  Again, WTF?  The synopsis on the Ka website didnt help.  Just dispense with the impossible to follow "storyline" and have the players jumping around in colorful outfits doing insane things with their bodies.  I can accept that.  And why are the characters talking in gibberish?  And why must there be the insipid comic relief elements, this time in the form of bad French-like mimes?  And this might be picky, but during group scenes, some of the performers were out of sync with one another.  Sometimes a performer would notice he was out of sync, then stop what he was doing, and join in again later when he could actually keep up the pace.  I know these performers are generally talented, but I guess I was expecting more from Cirque.  Maybe the nudie Cirque shows are better.
4	Great show to see if you're into martial arts.  The set is unbelievabley high tech.  The "bow and arrow" scene was my favorite.  The performers were spot on and didn't miss a beat considering how complex some of the moves were.  Don't miss this action packed side of Cirque!
4	My first Cirque du Soleil show and if their shows are like KA, then I need to watch more Cirque du Soleil shows because they bring some talented people to perform for them.  The performers were on beat and the set up was great with the boat and the underwater scene.  Their is no bad seat since its a good view to watch from the cheap seats where we sat at.  Now its onto "O"
5	Holy Good God of all things large and small.  Go see this show.  It's worth every penny that you spend.  I was simply in awe at the stage, the seating and the performances.  It's totally out of this world.  It will leave you breathless.
3	Costumes: 1 starPerformance: 3 starsStage Production: 4 starsValue: 3 starsSince it received a high rating, we expected alot from it. We were disappointed. First, the costumes were very ugly and stupid. The style was a mixture of tribes, Japanese, Korean, and Chinese Opera. What was wrong with the designer? The storyline was lamed. The acrobat stunts were not very impressive. You could see much better skills in any other Chinese circus. The only impressive thing about the show was the engineering on the stage movements. It was interesting to see the stage tilted vertically. Overall I enjoyed Le Reve much more than KA.
4	The star of this show is the stage, but the luster of that wears off about 1/2 way through the show.  This Cirque show is far more into the "storyline" than the others.  I think the pre-show elements are amazing.  The show starts before the show starts so get there early.  The problem is that it tweaks your excitement up so high that the actual performance falls a little flat.  The other great feature of this show is the theater itself...it really takes you to another world.  You will forget you are in Vegas and disappear into the world of Ka.  I really like that element.
5	I came into the show with really low expectations and wondering how I would keep myself awake after the giant dinner at Craft Steak. I imagined french clowns dancing around and doing flips on trampoline; however, I was wrong and I was just wishing the show would never end. The show was breathtaking and incredibly creative. From the moment you step in, you feel like you are in a different dimension; a fantasy world with a mix of all different cultures combined (African, Asian, etc). Great music, costume, and makeup. The stage costs $160 million, and I could see why. It was constanty rotating and morphing to take the audience into a different world. Words cannot describe this show. Lets just say my mouth was dropped throughout the entire 90 minutes and I found myself muttering "woah" every 10 minutes. My fave scenes is when the 2 characters fall in the "ocean" and "swim"  back up. My fave character - Evil guy with long blue hair (i had this weird attraction to him for some reason). Next time I plan to watch O at Bellagio.
3	Wow, wait a second,  previous yelpers you let me down!!!!!I was looking forward to seeing this because everyone on here said "It's SOOOO GOOD".   After seeing it this past week, trust me when I say it is Not that great.  I waited an entire year to go back to Vegas, the whole time looking forward to seeing another Cirque du Soleil.  Having 4 left of the 5 Cirques to see in Vegas, I turned to yelp to help me decide which one to go to.  After reading all these great reviews for Ka we bought our tickets (since "o" wasn't playing while we were there).Let me get to the point here is why I didn't like Ka:  Way too much story line and not enough acrobatics.  The only reason I was able to even follow the story line is because I had read online the plot or else I would have disliked it even more sitting there wondering what is going on the whole time.  The reason I gave this 3 stars is because in the middle of the story they actually do a lot of cool things.  Like fighting on the stage when it had turned completely vertical and they did crazy acrobatics on this huge spinning wheels.  These were the good parts were you ohhh and ahhh at.  However I like to be ohhhh and ahhhh the whole time.  Which is why I would recommend seeing Mystere instead or trying out another Cirque before wasting your money on this one.
5	Wow!! I saw this show a year ago and I'm still thinking about it.As soon as I entered the theatre, I was greeted by staff already in costumes and acting their part. Even before the show started and while everyone is getting seated, we see tribal/barbaric people swinging around the theatre and running around on the floor  yelling and screaming in an unknown language. I didn't know what to think, but I loved it!There is a very Asian theme to the show. The costumes were Asian influenced. There was martial arts in the acrobatics. It reminded me of a Peking Opera.The huge rotating and moving multi-purpose platform was crazy! It's just so interesting how it is used in almost all the scenes. The music is great, memorable, and really enhances the story. Unlike the other Cirque shows, there is a simple and easy to follow story that just pulls the whole show together.I can definitely recommend this show. It may not have the most original or best plot, but it just works together as a whole and there was quite a few acrobatics that left me gasping!
5	Excellent show. The set was incredible, and the performance was amazing. Worth every penny!
3	For whatever reason, Ka was not the Cirque experience I wanted.  I have been to numerous Cirque shows and I went into this one with an expectation that was not met.I didn't find the martial-arts influenced acrobatics nearly as exciting as the more traditional acrobatics I've come to know and love because of Cirque productions.For me the best part of the show was the stage which was absolutely amazing -- it's giant and moves in what seem to be all directions.  Hard to describe, but it just seems like a triumph of engineering to be able to fluidly move such a large object so quickly and diversely.Is Ka a great show?  I don't think so.  Is it a bad show?  No.  It's just not the show I wanted.  I would personally recommend checking out a different Cirque show over this one, but by all means, check this one and out and decide for yourself if you're interested.
5	Great show.  I liked that this Cirque show had a story line although I was sad at times.The stage is incredible with how it moves and amazing how the performers handle the constant movement.We had really good seats but when you sit there you miss some of the things going on above and on the sides.
4	I like this one.  War and tragedy.  Lost of life.  Group of unlikely heroes.  Love lost and found.  Amazing pyrotechnics and special stage effects. Musing cat-looking girl.  Big Boss battle at the end.  Large scale Operatic music.  I felt like I watched all the cut scenes to a Japanese RPG story.  Did I mention the Big Boss Battle?  Awesome.
5	i love love love this show!!!!!!!!!! its so good and worth it! i watch this show twice.. the first time i was sitting in the middle row for about $140 a seat.... n i must admit that i was falling asleep maybe because of all the drinks i consumed that day??!! but the second time around my bf and i sat at the $170 seats and it was amazingg!!!  if ur staying at mgm they have discounts for their hotel guests, if your not staying at the mgm buy tickets in advance so u dont have to wait in line for it..
4	I think we partied a bit too much before coming to the show as several members of our group was asleep for 1/2 of it. I thought it was a fun visual experience. I still don't get the story line...but you can only do so much to wrap a circus act around a story right? I say go see it.
3	I think the problem with Ka and O, is that people automatically think because it's Cirque du Soleil, it HAS to be good. Some tips before you watch this show:1. Clear your mind of all expectations and just have a good time watching. 2. Be sure you're well rested, otherwise you will fall asleep just because it is dark, and there isn't any REAL talking.3. Don't drink too much before going in, because you will need to pee during the show.The stage is definitely the coolest thing about this show. Great visual effects with some cool cirque stunts. Quite memerable, but I would definitely not go back to watch it again.
2	I almost fell asleep at this show, unfortunately one of the worst I've ever seen.  What you pay for is to see an impressive stage that goes up and down and 360 degrees, sound effects, but not really a good story or strong incredible cirque de soleil material.  I would most definitely recommend the Mystre show at treasure island instead.  the problem I think was that story was sad and long and not something you'd get pumped up for and get entertained which is what the majority of goers want right?
4	KA                        - Cirque du Soleil at the MGMKA leidoscope   of action, symmetry and patternsKA nsan -            as you enter the theatre, as Dorthy once said Toto                             " well, .. we are not in Kansas anymore.........." KA buku               it is out of the ordinaryKA rat                   a show of purityKA pok                 like the tree, the stage tilts and grows to over 50 feet                               highKA ppa                 a water "sprite" .... the favorite effect in the show for                              many - being rescued from the depths of the ocean.KA leidoscopic   constantly changing forms and beautiful colorsKA rate                 acrobtic martial arts ...... KA tydid                the climbing insect on the left pole - while everyone                              focuses on the spiraling snake gliding down the                               center poleKA buki                Theatre emphasizing elaborate make up, stylized                              drama, and walkways that extend into the audience                              for dramatic entrances and exitsKA yo                    A knockout .................                              The circus work is blended in to the action and                              story line.                              It is performed so well that if you do not look close                              it will go right past you .....KA                        Cirque du Soliel at it's finest and most creative .......
5	This was hands down the best Cirque du Soleil I have seen yet. (Varekai, Corteo, La Nouba live) (Dralion, Alegria on DVD). I am very happy I made a last minute purchase in the airport on my way to Vegas, scared of the negative reviews on Yelp about KA.I don't recommend listening to the naysayers. Come to this theatre without the expectation of a life changing experience and enjoy the creativity of the masterminds of the show. Where do I start...Plot: The story is simple, sweet, and very fun. It involves murder, lost and found love, betrayal, action, discovery and revenge. KA has a story you can follow more so than all the other Cirques. They do an excellent job of portraying the tale of royal twins. Naturally the story can't be too complex since no words are used, but it is an entertaining one. Those who come in expecting a intricate storyline that is comparable to a broadway production will be disappointed, KA is limited to body movements, facial expressions, and set changes. The lack of script hinders one's ability to weave a web of events, but KA does an outstanding job without it.Acrobatics: I will admit, there are more flips, body tossing, limb contorting, tight rope walking, and furious cartwheeling in other Cirque shows. However, why not take a step off the beaten path and see something unique and different? That is what so great about KA, they took a chance doing a different kind of Cirque presentation, and in my mind it paid off well. It took an immense amount of imagination and work that was invested to make it the way it is, and I can appreciate it. Don't get me wrong, most of the stunts a typical viewer would need a miracle to pull off, it's just less flashy than some of the other Cirque shows. If you want to see lots of gymnastics, go see the 15+ year old Mystere, or Chinese acrobats.The Stage: Before I watched KA, I was curious what 160 million dollar investment into a set would buy you. Wonder no more, the scene changes, from the roaring sea to the sunny beaches, up to the icy cliffs, arrow covered mountainside or the colorful jungle, are all amazing to see. The transitions are flawless and very impressive. The stage itself is a technical marvel. Even when the music is temporary off to change into a different score, the 100+ ft stage rotates, raises/lowers, flips, and glides without a peep of any sound. The lighting effects are awesome and can completely change the composition, texture, and atmosphere, keeping you in wonder if that is the same stage or not.Music: The music is just as amusing and Cirque du Soleily (you know what I mean, lol) as you would expect it to be.I really don't want to raise your hopes up too high, but am merely expressing my experience the highlight of my trip to Vegas. It was more exciting than big winning hands on the poker table, meeting celebrities, attending other expensive shows or dining in never tried before restaurants (and I'm a foodie/cook). It made me smile to utter Oohs and Wows out loud throughout the show, and to see my girl do the same. If I can tell things to those in the future who ask me about KA, I would tell them it's not your typical Cirque show, keep an open mind, and just enjoy what you see, and experience the adventure for yourself.
5	This was the very first Cirque du Soleil performance that I have had the chance to see and I can say right off the bat that I loved it!This show was playing at the MGM and my family decided to go as part of a birthday present for my brother (my mom's idea). She decided to go all out and get the best seats possible so we were first row! I could feel the heat from the fire gushing out of their fire gushing effects. I felt like I almost could fall over the edge!Anyway, the show was wonderful. The story line was good and the show was filled with martial arts inspired acrobatics with a lot of visual stunts and crazy "fight" scenes. I loved every minute of it and it made me want to watch all the Cirque du Soleil.Sitting THAT close isn't necessary. I would've loved sitting a couple more rows back so that it would be easier to take the whole stage in.Oh and pictures are definitely not allowed but they do take pictures of families/individuals/couples before the show that you can purchase after the show if you want. Reminded of a ride at Disneyland... lol
2	KA was such a letdown after reading the storyline and expecting some great action and excitement.  It started off pretty good with cool special effects and martial arts performances but went south from there.  I sat through the 1st half thinking "it's gotta' get better from here?" but gave up on that 1/2 way thru.  The large moveable stage platform was cool for awhile but even that got old.  There were some really silly/boring parts like the pre-historic human-powered flight contraption thingy (great descriptions eh?).  To me the best part of the show was a double-barrel death wheel Conan the Barbarian (hey that's what he looked like) was doing stunts on.  Really wish we spent our $$$ on another Cirque de Soleil show -- it had to have been better than Ka.
4	Honestly, I expected more thrill and excitement but it was pretty mellow and comedic. Unfortunately the Double Wheel was broken the day we went so instead, they filled a part of the show with this beautiful jungle scene where the twin girl falls in love with this... Tarzan man.. in glittering leotards and red briefs. The scene was beautiful but I was anticipating the Double Wheel stunt.I loved all the fireworks and the end, seats with speakers, and the people who lingered on the side towers. The music was great, and definitely went cohesively together with the choreography.
5	OMG!!! I loved the show. It was basically a love story. Awwww... I loved the two love birds. they were so cute. How they did all the stunts and stuff, was really cool. They did everything by steps and it came out great. Everything was perfect. We were so close to the stage. Man, my neck was hurting but i didn't complain. I really enjoyed it.
5	My favorite Cirque show. They weave a ton of visual effects into the performances and I was in awe the whole time (my jaw was dropped the whole time - seriously). I was seriously tired from all the partyin' the night before and all the drinking we did during the day but KA was sooo good that it totally kept my attention. I'm going to Vegas again in a month and I am totally going to see this show again. Tired, drunk, sober, sick, almost dead - you'll sure to enjoy KA!FYI - they go around taking pictures before the show and you can purchase them after in a sprecial KA keepsake album... for about $55! Yeah I got suckered in... but I sure do look cute in the pics!
5	Amazing!This was my first Cirque de Soleil show and I loved it, in fact now I want to go see all of them!  This is the only show that has a story line to it, which is of a brother and sister that get separated and then later find each other. The stunts are amazing. I was really impressed with how the stage kept moving in different directions and inclines. The seats were cool too, they all had speakers built into them.
3	This is very simple. If you come to this show without expectations, I am sure you will love it.If you come to this show expecting acrobatics seen in other Cirque shows, you will be disappointed.
5	My favorite Cirque show. Husband and I decided to go last minute while on our honeymoon. Went to see Zumanity the night before and we loved it, so wanted to try something else. The staff is hilarious and I love that they are in character the whole time. The pre-show "turn of your cell phone and no pictures" mini-show is also darn funny. I won't give it away, but it's a clever way to address that.The show itself was spectacular. The music is wonderful and goes with the show perfect. Some great scene transitions and the acrobatics were fun to watch. A great show with a wonderful story and some very cleaver interruptions of the themes. LOVED IT!
5	The show was Fantastic! I was definitely entertained! There wasn't as much action as I thought but  the show had great visuals and sound. The wheel of death part is cool and the show had a great ending.I was able to purchase tickets through the ticket master Summer of Cirque sale where tickets were around 30% off. Got two nice seats for around $80 each. You really don't have to buy close up seats for this show since there is a lot going on around you.
5	This show is guaranteed to shake you out of your seat. I've seen 3 other Cirque shows in Vegas, and for me this is the best show!!!!!!!!!!!!The speakers are wired into every seat!!! Worth every cent of the ticket priceThe highlight is the costumes, the stage itself, and the two long-haired guys that were in the large spinning contraption towards the end. The soundtrack was also very well done.
3	I only found it ok. Wasn't as entertaining as Mystere!
4	Don't go in with any expectations. KA is unlike any Cirque show and I'm glad I read the yelp reviews first. You won't see alot of acrobatics being done, but the storyline and stage effects more than compensates. The artistic direction was just breathtaking. The stage has been designed to move in so many directions that you just cant wait to see what's going to happen next. There are some confusing parts, so you may want to read up on the story before you watch the show. I wish I did. Save money and request a spot in section 202. We sat up close and it was a strain on your neck. If you're willing to spend just a little more cash, get the dinner and show combo. We did the Craftsteak + show and it was well worth it.
3	I feel like you can call me a qualified CDS reviewer. I have seen every show in the strip except for Zumanity, so I think this will be an honest opinion. This is the worst CDS show on the strip (except perhaps Zumanity- which I haven't seen, so can't comment on yet!). I go into a CDS show looking for acrobatics. So this show had a story line... big deal.. if I wanted a story line I'd go see a play! There were many scenes that honestly just bored me. Chick in costume twirling a baton.. wow, I've seen high schoolers in marching band that can do that. Guys making hand puppets (WTF). Seriously way too much jacking around, not enough breath taking awesome things going on.Perhaps I'm a hard sell, but I went to see O also this week (I'm way slammed with visitors lately), and O just took my breath away. It was the second time I saw it and both times it impressed me so much. It was beautiful and interesting, and some of the things these stage performers could do were so incredible. I didn't get that in Ka. I left feeling incredibly underwhelmed. Temping to give this a 2, but honestly the set was off the hook. This is what made the show for me. I wish they took better advantage of the cool treehouse looking structure thing, but seriously I didn't feel like the show lived up to the set built for it. If you have $150 to spend on a show in Vegas, don't do it here.. spend it on O. It's way way better.
5	Run, don't walk, RUN to go see KA.  I've seen Mystere, Zumanity, and La Nouba (in Orlando), and none of them come even close to KA.  Five minutes into KA, my husband and I just looked at each other and I said ok, yeah, it's already better than all the others!    If you want long boring acrobatics you've already seen at every other Cirque du Soleil show you've gone to, then don't go to KA.  If you want a spectacular stage, action packed sequences, unexpected humor, an actual storyline (yes, it's slightly confusing), and just an all out amazing theater experience, KA is an excellent choice.  I didn't go to CraftSteak beforehand - really didn't feel well that day - and almost didn't go to KA, too - but I'm so glad I did.  I agree that the soundtrack is wonderful, too.  So good.  I would go see KA again, but I do want to see O and Love first.
5	If you're looking for raw acrobatics, then I suggest you take your money somewhere else. But if you are into acrobatics AND storylines, then this is the show for you!Amongst all of the CDS shows I've watched so far (O, Zumanity, Corteo, Ka) Ka is definitely my favorite! I watched it once a couple of years ago and again two weeks ago. It's still as good as before! Along with all CDS is fabulously known for: great costumes, great acrobratic acts, music, make up and visuals, Ka offers the most storyline, an awesome stage that actually moves, and speakers that's wired onto your seat for maximum sound effects!This is a nice change of pace for CDS fans.. especially if you get bored from plain acrobatic performances like me. I am going back to Vegas later this month and was originally planning to watch Mystere, but knowing that it's going to be similar to the other CDS shows, I'd rather save my money to watch Cris Angel's Believe next time! 31 more days to go!
5	it's a beautiful show.  very entertaining...  the alcohol cups are ridiculous, but the snacks they sell, *popcorn, candy.. etc., compensate and keep you from stumbling out of the theater.  =Pi really loved it.. i was focused and lovin' it the whole time.
5	WHOAAAAA!!!! I left this show in awe! My goodness!!! What a GREAT production.  The acrobats were astonishing.....the story was very interesting & beautiful....we sat close to the front so we could feel the heat whenever there is fire shooting out.  It was great...well worth the ticket price.  I cannot wait to watch the rest of the Cirque productions in Vegas.  I left super excited because we did not know what to expect since it was our first time watching a Cirque show.  Wow is all I can say. WOW!
2	I don't recommend this show. I've seen Mystere and one other Cirque show (that I can't seem to remember right now), but Ka failed to impress me. There were little acrobatics; I felt they relied too much on the stage set for everything. I got really bored about a quarter of a way through. The storyline wasn't all that mesmerizing anyway, and I pretty much just wanted the show to end. I went with 3 other friends. Not one of us really liked the show. The only think I could appreciate was the music, which was outstanding.
5	I've been to 6 Cirque's now, and this one might just take the cake... The stage is amazing, and although the story line is a little quirky and hard to follow at times, the martial arts and acrobatics were incredible and make up for anything lost.  This vertical stage fights were unreal.... Love Love Loved it!!!!!
5	Okay, where do I begin. First off, if you've seen "O" or any other Cirque production for that matter, do not go into this show and expect the same thing. Go into this theater very open-minded.#1-The story line is a little hard to follow, but it is doable, and a very beautiful story.#2-  Normally, I like to sit front and center for Cirque shows, for Ka, center is key, but if i see it again, I wouldn't mind going back about 4-5 rows.#3- If you like martial arts... this is the show to see! The vertical stage piece was bad ass!#4-Musically, this is the best show... there are even speakers attached to your seats for surround sound effects!Most importantly, decide for yourself which Cirque shows you want to see, what's intriguing for one may not be for another and vice versa.  The reviews for this show are very mixed, and if you miss out based on a review... it's a shame.
5	I really enjoyed the African and Indigenous tribe theme to this production. The staging and the transition of sets and story line were so incredible they brought the audience and I to our feet countless of times.This show should win many awards but namely in costuming. It also helped I was comped for this show. I bought a hot black  "KA" tee-shirt just to spread the love.
3	I took a business group of 19 (mix of men and women aged 30-60) to see KA as it looked like one of the more interesting shows and no one in the group had seen it.We had great seats - 2nd tier right, 3rd & 4th rows.  I admit that I'm not a big Cirque fan, but from the KA website, expected lots of action.  The first 15 minutes of the show was terrific, but after that, I don't know where the story line really went, and the action only returned intermittently.However, all of us agreed the hydraulics of the stage are absolutely phenomenal, the staging/sets terrific, costuming very creative, and sound was incredible.The price of the ticket is worth it just to see the stage rotate and how the performers move on it.
4	The set/stage is truly A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  I've seen this show twice and I just marvel at how it moves and transitions from scene to scene.I actually liked the fact that there was a story line that was easy to follow (maybe because I've seen it twice?!?!).  The martial arts is great and the moving stage just makes it that much more incredible.I've read another reviewer say that they have seen several Cirque shows and that this one was the worst.  My opinion is quite the opposite.  Cirque shows can get quite boring....how many 3% body fat - freakin' hot- acrobats can you realistically see flinging themselves hither and thither before it all becomes a bit boring?   O comes to mind, I enjoyed it, don't get me wrong and the diving is incredible, but I think KA delivers more....and yes there are hand puppets which I thought were very cool....and it flows with the story line.  I think that is better than that stupid clown/emcee that prances all around the stage speaking in gibberish...or was that French?  SouthPark does a wonderful parody of the Cirque phenomenon.  KA is a cut from the same cloth but I think done much better because of the amazing stage, the acrobatics and story line.
5	I've seen several Cirque shows, both in Vegas as well as the nomadic ones, and I must say that this is my favorite.Most Cirque shows just have a theme and the performance/music/costume revolves around that theme but this one is different... it has an actual plot.  Granted, for some, it may be a little hard to follow but I really like that there's an actual story rather than random acrobatic performances.The stage.  I mean WOW!  Just come to see the stage itself.  Now, I'm not talking about the decor of the stage... I'm saying it actually moves around on hydraulics!  It's just absolutely incredible!The music in this one is one of my favorite as well.  And the seats have speakers built into them!  This theater is so well designed!One note:  Make sure you pick seats that are a little further back... I'd recommend seats from the middle to a few rows farther.I'd definitely go see this one over and over again!
4	I've always wanted to watch this show after seeing a special on it on the travel channel. This is my first cirque show, so while I can't compare it to other cirque shows, I really enjoyed it.The stage/set is truly revolutionary. The special effects and make up was incredible. The martial arts was entertaining. The one thing that I really liked was that all the ushers were dressed up so when you walked into the theater you feel like you're walking into a whole other place. There are "slow" parts to this show though (you can't really expect all action 100% of the time). The transitions between sets were flawless. If you want to see an awesome production, KA is a must.
4	This is one of the most amazing sets that you will ever see.  To this day, I'm still not really sure what the story was about, but it was awesome.  The sites, the sounds, the acrobats.....amazing...but dont go expecting a logical progression of a story.  My girlfriend told me it makes more sense if you're not colorblind like myself, but even so, I thought it was an awesome performance.  Make sure you go on a Friday or Saturday so as to not get the B-team.
5	My wife and myself went to Las Vegas and had two planned shows to go to: KA by Cirque at the MGM Grand and Penn & Teller at the Rio. For KA, my wife was the fan and I was just going along. For Penn & Teller, the other way around.My wife really wanted to see Ka, and from the trailers we found on the site and reviews in a few places we decided our first Cirque experience would be Ka. The idea of the sand and fire themes seemed interesting.Right away, the theater impressed. It was huge, but clearly built so that there was no such thing as a bad seat. In addition, there are multiple tiered levels built almost to the back of the theater, so you immediately have the sense that the show will take place on more than just the front stage (which bellows fireballs as you sit waiting). The ushers were all in character, and I overheard many speaking multiple languages to people who did not speak English, allowing them to help everyone find their seats or just chat.Once the show started, it was an instantly immersing experience. The acrobatic performers run through the aisles, soar overhead on cables, and jump from the central rotating platform onto the stage wall only feet from the front row. At every moment, there is a simply staggering display of athleticism and choreography at work. Even for for someone like myself with zero interest in gymnastics or musical theater, I was taken aback by the performance. If there's one thing that was mediocre, it was the story, which was very familiar. Luckily, it's also not very important to the overall show.Cirque is really a fascinating idea, the combination of theatrics and acrobatics with a dash of innovative set / costume design thrown in. Truly worth seeing at least once by anyone.
4	I love Cirque du Soleil and I was really excited to see Ka for the first time. The set is incredible, I don't know how they make the stage move like that but it's amazing. I have to say though, it looked like they put so much effort into the production and trying for first time to have a cohesive storyline that they took away some of the amazing human feats the other shows have so I was a little disappointed on that end. Still it is an amazing show and definitely worth checking out in Vegas.
4	The set design was the most impressive thing about this show. There were massive structures built on both sides of the audience....very industrial metal bridges perched on  huge columns that you could just imagine people running back and forth across over you head. Unfortunately, this part of the set wasn't used as much. But it was still utilized by swinging to and fro from above.The actual stage itself was huge and controlled by a hydraulic lift that also tilted and rotated the stage. Everyone in my party was impressed because every scene depicted was so real, whether it was set on a ship, deep below the ocean's surface, or in a jungle.The acrobats were talented...they were very expressive. The storyline itself was very cliche; this combined with the music made it seem like a disney film--think mulan done by cirque!Very family friendly show. The store also looked cool but I didn't go in.
4	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and I chose KA based on viewing  previews of the other Cirque shows in Vegas.  I originally was leaning towards LOVE, so I purchased at Best Buy the DVD showing the making LOVE.  The CD is great and I recommend the DVD, but I would rather create my own images of the music.  And LOVE, like most other Cirque shows, did not have a story.  That is why I chose KA.So, was the story great. Not really. Basically, brother and sister are about to go through a rite of passage when the ceremony is ambushed, their separated, and after going through various environments, they are reunited.  But this is enough to give a spine to great acrobatics, incredibly costumed performers (snake, turtle, etc.), a fantastic sound system, and, most of all, a technological marvel of a stage.  I bought the DVD after the show (yeah, at $30 it is overpriced) and was even more impressed with the production.   To understand my biases, I love great effects shows like Fantasmic (especially the Disneyland version) and shows like Phantom and Les Miz.  If you're not expecting Sondheim and less of a story than Phantom but are looking for enough of a story to hold the spectacular pieces together, than KA probably is for you.
5	love this production.  we saw it for a second time just recently.  they made some changes, but it was actually better the second time around.  the things that they are able to do with such a small area is crazy.  the whole stage is mobile and is controlled with this hydraulic thingy.  hehe.  visually, it's just amazing!
5	The stage alone is a reason to go see this show. It moves in 360 degrees and the performers make full use of it as well. I didn't like the story as much as "O" but visually it was just stunning. I highly recommend it if you get the chance, its defiantly one of the better Cirque shows in Vegas.
5	One of THE BEST cirques I've ever seen. I'd rank KA and O at the top of my list, no other cirques really come close (O = 1st, Ka = close 2nd). What is really awesome about KA are the visual effects. They really blow you away, especially the shadow puppets part and the ocean scene. You MUST see this if you haven't! Also, just to let you know, ANY SEAT is a good seat in this theatre. NO need to splurge unless you want to. In fact, I think based on the set designs, it's better to sit farther back. There was a storyline, but I couldn't follow it at all (darn...). Definitely go see KA!!!!!
5	The best Cique Du Soliel Ever.The most technical Cirque.The most risk taking CirqueThe most injuries per show Cirque. Yeah the best. Doesn't matter where you sit. So you cheapos will be fine. Although the front row is too close. When the flames shoot up it's very hot.Spend the 10 on a drink. The drinks are huge and they don't spare on the alcohol. Plus it's an awesome soviener cup. I have friends who work for the show. So here's a few tips from them1) get there early.2) The lobby where the bar is, there are some items people overlook. I won't give too much away but before the main bar look up!3)Cat 2 or Cat 3 is prefered so you can see everything and get the full effect. And yes there are ways to get cheaper tickets. Oh and the "sand" is recylcled paper and other recycled stuff. :)
4	If you've never seen a Cirque performance and you get the chance to go to KA, GO. You won't be disappointed. The theater ambiance is very cool - the moment you walk in, you immediately sense that they're creating a new world for you to be immersed in. I felt as though I was walking into a coal mine on the Forest Moon of Endor (Star Wars geeks will get the allusion), and the cat calls by the performers gives a real sense of depth and huge space that you're now a part of.From the moment the show starts, you know it's going to be different than any experience you've ever had before, and it will be. I don't want to give away all the suprises you'll be in store for, but let's just say that you're going to be hit with a completely new dimension of performance, and you won't need 3D glasses to enjoy it. Anyone up closer to the stage will really have a great show (although I'd recommend you do NOT sit in the first 10-15 rows, as you'll be too close and not have as good a vantage point as those behind you).I was most struck by the boat prop, and how everything about the scene made me feel as if I'd really been transported into their world. The scene was GORGEOUS, very moving and very dramatic. I was left with a real sense of the community being presented to me, and the easy-going and happy lives of the players... and then, much to my surprise, drama! Indeed, I didn't expect for Cirque to present such a brilliant and moving story, but they delivered in spades. I really wanted this to keep going, to follow the characters as if I was reading a book. If this performance was a movie, I'd want a sequel, and another, and another. It was really brilliant.Cirque's costumes, as always, are genius. And they always find a new way to suprise and impress you. KA is no exception. It definitely delivered a fun experience.That said, there was one thing I was disappointed about. The first disappointment was probably more because this is a stage show that gets performed night after night after night by the same cast, whom it seems some might have been bored of repeating the same thing over and over. (I had the same problem with the Penn & Teller show at the Rio - they seemed bored from over-repetition). But I think that's a criticism of the nature of these Vegas shows, not a criticism of KA itself.My first Cirque experience was Dralion, performed under the big tent in San Francisco, and it completely blew me away - perhaps the most powerful and awesome performance experience I've ever had. KA doesn't match the intensity and power of Dralion, but it definitely has its own unique flair, it's own brilliant new innovations, and will definitely entertain you, no question about it.Tickets can be expensive, but I urge you to dig in and get seats closer to the stage, but avoid the first 15 rows or so. The sweet spot is in the rows immediately behind them. Trust me. You'll love it there.
5	Does KA need another review with 171 reviews already? No. Am I going to write one? You betcha! Especially after having gone the night before to see Criss Angel's Believe which gets 1 star. The difference in shows was unbelievable. Entering the theatre, you immediately begin looking around as the set projects out and over the seats. The ushers in costume are friendly, even when cautioning guests not to take photos. Indeed, as part of the show, a clueless patron gets first his camera tossed into the fire pit, then his cellphone and finally, he's tossed too! Of course, he's part of the cast, but the message about no photos and turning off one's cell phone is dramatically made. From that point on, the action never stops. Two cast members do a shadow puppet show that was funny, sweet and clever. Fight scenes are well choreographed and at times, riveting, particularly as the stage floats, sometimes being at a 90 degree angle. Our tickets were $165 which isn't cheap, but if you can afford it, it's a treat that's worth every penny. Before the show, you can get a drink which are generously poured. If you have a weak bladder, forgo the drink, otherwise you'll be forced to visit the restroom and miss out on an amazing show.
5	Amazing Show.  Saw it for the third time because a friend of mine was dying to see it.I would recommned seats right around the middle of the theater.   I have been up front, and I don't think that you get the full scope of the show from the first three rows.Wherever you are, you will enjoy this one.
5	My first Cirque du Soleil performance. Somehow, somewhere, my friend found $50 tickets online. SCORE!We were expecting to sit in some dark corner in the back. Instead, center row. Close enough to feel the heat from all the pyrotechnics. DOUBLE SCORE!!Looooooooooved the show!! What a mind blowing experience!! The storyline was ingenious! Everything came together so beautifully. The art. The techniques. The sets. The talent. The brillance. Oh, the brillance!It is an action-packed, heart-warming adventure filled with excitement & suspense!I can go on and on about it. Or you can go watch it =D
5	Having grown up watching all the old kung fu movies you could think of, how could I not fall in love with this Cirque du Soleil show?  As the acrobats showed their martial arts moves, I couldn't help but wonder, were all the acrobats Chinese?  That's how accurate and awesome I thought this show was.  It almost feels as if you're being put into one of those old Chinese movies and watching it live. I was worried that this show would be hyped up too much and I would be disappointed since everyone I knew who had seen it said it was awesome.  There was no let down here.  There's no way this show can be hyped up so much,  it's that good.  I've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows such as Mystere and some traveling shows in San Diego, none of them come close to being as good as this show.  Most of the other shows I've seen don't really have a story line, but this one is pretty easy to follow and understand.   Trying to save some money on these pricey tickets?  Try the Half Ticket Booth, this is actually the first time I see them offering Cirque du Soleil show tickets on a weekend at discounted prices.  Although it's for tickets for the same day, you save some money and might just get really good seats.  I payed around $90/ticket when they're originally around $165 and I was in the 11th row.  Also I hear they're going to be opening an online site which will allow you to order tickets about 4 days in advance!  Until then, check out their actual locations when they open at 10:30am.
5	this show was amazing!!! it was so good i almost cried (i'm serious too!) this show definitely set my standards high for cirque shows. can't wait to go back to vegas and watch all the other ones =)
4	The show itself was amazing while you're in the moment.  It was touching and heartfelt, but also awesome in a masculine way.   My only qualm with it was after the show.  In retrospect the ending seemed kind of rushed.  Don't get me wrong though, it was a great show and it should be watched!  It sets a high bar for the rest of the Cirque shows I have to watch. On another note...God I hate the people I sat around.  Let me tell a story of three people behind me and two to my left.  Cozying up in my seat waiting out the 30 minutes before showtime I notice a family of two women and one child.  I get kicked in the back of the seat several times by the kid, the headrest pulled on my seat so I get jerked back on two occasions by the kid and I get my seat pulled back once by one of the women who was getting up.  Throughout the show I hear loud chatter behind me and to the left of me in both Korean and Mandarin.
3	I've seen several Cirque du Soleil shows and this wasn't one of the better ones.  Plus, I got the most expensive tickets, thinking the view would be better...but umm....no way.  If you pay more than $120 for these tickets, it's not worth it.  The only cool part of the show was their "plinko" routine on the revolving/tilting floor (plinko = that game on The Price is Right). Oh and as for snacks and drinks....we got 1 beer, 1 double jack & coke, and a small popcorn for $48 (something outrageous like that).  I should have snuck in my own food hahaha.I suggest checking out the other Cirque shows, like "O", before this one.  And no need to sit up close....the theater is pretty small and all the seats have a good view.  No need to pay bank for these tickets.
4	this show is a total visual spectacle!  i have seen 5 cirque du soleil shows, and this one was more about the story rather than the stunts.  when you walk in the theater, you will be amazed by the grandeur of the place.  it was beautiful and before the show starts, there is fire coming from beneath the stage.  we sat close enuf to be able to feel the heat of the fire.the stunts and acrobats were good but other CDS shows are better for those things.  however, the costumes and sets here are amazing, since this is a permanent theater rather than a big top.
5	KA is simply amazing! It is yet another Cirque du Soleil production... however, I must forewarn you if you are searching for out-of-this world contortionist, and sights that make you go "oooh" and "ahhh", KA may not quite be the show for you.However, KA is wonderful to see because of the costumes, the martial arts, and the story line. The music is also incredibly spectacular, and I find myself listening to the soundtrack my ex-boyfriend (who I went with) made me every so often. Simply lovelyl! The show, like others are kind of pricy..but I have to say this one is worth it to see.  A tip: like most other performances, the best-worth tickets are either the cheapest -- the ones in back, or if you are in the very front. It's a small theater so you do not miss anything if you sit in back. The main advantage to front seating is your ability to see the lovely stage makeup. Bring binoculars if you have them.
4	Great theater, great show, not a bad seat in the house (although I did not sit in everyone).
5	i took my girl to vegas and we went to see the show. its WAS amazing and i enjoyed it. we had great seats and i was not disappointed.
5	One year ago this was my first live Cirque experience, and I am still talking it up!  I love Ka and strongly suggest this performance to anyone who comes to Vegas.  It is hilarious, emotional, creative, entertaining, brilliant and memorizing.  Don't skip Ka!
5	Awesome!  Visual eyegasm!My best advice is to LOOK UP and around as soon as you walk in...  The stuff they've built and have everywhere is just insane.  The whole theatre isn't all that huge so you'd be able to see everything from anywhere BUT... I'd say get tix down near the front and center... We had section 102 (middle) and 7th row (G) and they were perfect seats.  You can feel the heat from the flames but not too hot and the ariel parts happen RIGHT ABOVE YOU... it's so cool.  An isle seat may be cool because of the guys always running around and staging in the isle to run up stage.Engineering alone is mind boggling...  The different stages that come up from below and move around, tilt, rotate, etc and then these huge towers move around all over... I want to watch a "how it's made" on that show... it's friggin nuts and its hard to impress me.The fighting scenes were sweet, the costumes were really cool and unique, and even the guys not in the show were dressed up and completely in character and interact with you a lot actually.NO Cameras! lol...  the people that did take some pics totally got harassed by the people of Ka... actually really funny though.Anyways... crazy overload on the eyes... and if you're up front you get snowed on a little and flower petals all over :)  Oh and the seats have two speakers inside them behind your head... sweeeet...The girl loved it and I'm glad I bought tix... HINT:  I found 25% off coupon online so look for one of those before your purchase... saved me almost like $80 so it's worth your time.
5	Wow. Just wow. Now, this was my first Cirque show, so I might be biased, but this was just beautiful.On your way in, be sure to get one of the big pina coladas from the concession stand outside. They're not superstrong, but they sure taste good! Ka is gorgeous in every way. There is more of a story line than in some other Cirque productions, but I liked that. Instead of crazy acrobatics all the time, there is real depth, emotion, and feeling in this show. There's a part of the show that takes place in a jungle, and it focuses on love. Now, I'm a self-admitted lightweight when it comes to alcohol, so it could have been the pina colada, but I started to get a little teary-eyed during that scene. It was so beautiful.To the reviewer who wasn't impressed with the baton-twirling girl: Yeah, there are high schoolers who twirl batons. But they don't do two at the same time, and they aren't nearly as beautiful about it. Nor are they cast in an expensive Las Vegas production. YOU try it. The stage work in this production is just breath-taking. Go see KA! You won't regret it. You will be visually overwhelmed in the best possible way.
5	Saw "KA" with friends last July and was so blown away by it that I had to return to Vegas last August so I can expose my family to the theatrical wonder that is "KA".We were a group of six the 2nd time around and sat in section 101, Row O, seats 3-8. Although the seats were good, I would have liked it better had it been seats 10-16, towards the right of the row...and more "central" to the stage. The seats we had for the July show was still in section 101, but Row H, seats 12-16, which was perfect!!!Music was still as good as I remember, so I had to buy the soundtrack this time around.  My family all liked the show.I was awed the first time I saw this show and was just a little bit less so during the second viewing. ***SPOILERS*** I couldn't help but notice that the 2nd time around, the antagonist's dad (The Counselor) was not part of the play, which is too bad since I thought his character was neat and added to the show.Also, I learned that the production will at times add/remove certain characters.  However, these changes are really minor and will not ruin the show for anyone.  Although I enjoyed all aspects/parts of the show, my favorite (other than the revolving stage - awesome!) was the "Wheel".  You have to see this to believe how incredible it is!!!  This part of the show is very "Cirque du Soleil".  ***END OF SPOILERS***I have seen "KA", "Zumanity", and "Mystere" and as it stands right now, "KA" is my favorite cirque show.  My family liked Mystere more since there was more of the traditional cirque acrobatics incorporated into the show. Since I love musicals/plays, I prefer KA, which has more of a storyline that was easy to follow.  I found Mystere kind of weird.  I guess I was spoiled because I saw "KA" first and was blown away by the revolving stage (best part of show!), the soundtrack, costumes, and the actors.  I think it will be hard for the other shows in Vegas to upstage "KA", in my opinion.  I'll be catching "Le Reve" at the Wynn early March, so can't wait to see if that will be better than "KA".  DISCOUNTS:During my 2nd viewing of "KA", I got 35% off each ticket through SmarterVegas.com (offered through TicketMaster). The first viewing, we got 25% off each ticket directly through MGM Grand's website. Always check periodically for Vegas deals through SmarterVegas, TicketMaster, Broadwaybox.com, and/or TravelZoo.com.If you're still undecided about purchasing tickets to KA, then just wing it until you're in Vegas. The MGM Grand offers up to 35% discounts on the day of the show. The only downside to this is that you are on standby for available seats (not always good ones either), or, you risk not getting to see the show if seats are sold out (as was the case when we saw it Friday night in August).  With the current state of our economy, there just might be more available seats, even if you purchase last minute.  Good luck!SOUVENIR PHOTOS:Try to get to the show at least 30mins. before start-time.  You'll have the opportunity to get your souvenir photos taken (and to take in the pre-show by some of the main characters).  You'll take a letter/number from the photographer and by the end of the show, your photos will be ready for viewing outside the theater.  Although pricey ($40), I think they are worth it.  The "package" comes with two 5"x7" photos placed inside a black MGM Grand leather photo frame.
5	This was my first Cirque show! And it was Awe inspiring. The story effects and characters were wonderful. Are seats were dead in teh middle of section 202 which was go beacuse we got to see everything. There are things going on on the sides, top and bottom of this glorious show.  I will definetly be going to another one.there was a slight issue with the stage and they dimissed us for a few minutes, but with all the motion that the stage does that was bound to happen.  OVERALL: 5 thumbs up!
5	A top notch Cirque show...This was out first Cirque show in Vegas.  I have seen two others, Varekai and Corteo, and this one blew then away.  A custom theater with all the details and effects.  The stage is amazing as it can move 360 degrees.  Good story that you can follow and great acts that amaze.  It's a must see if you are a fan of Cirque De Soleil.  The other  reviews do a good job describing the experience. We'll be back to catch the other Cirque shows.
5	I love martial arts and kung fu movies, so I knew I would at least like Ka.  The show starts out with some solid weapons and acrobatic action, but I wasn't sure how they could fill an entire show with it.  Fortunately, Ka just gets better and better with each passing segment.  The show builds up to a nice crescendo with beautifully choreographed sequences, a magical musical score, and a 360-degree rotating and tilting stage that literally takes theater to new heights.
5	The best part about Ka are the little things that make it my favorite show in Las Vegas and what I think is the #1 Cirque show.Starting from the moment you walk in you are transported into another time.  Like I said, the little things I enjoyed here: the in-character ushers, speakers in the headrest, more action in the audience during the show.As we walked in, the usher we approached reminded me of Captain Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean, a little drunk but clear enough to point me in the general direction.  The other ushers were just as entertaining, accosting people for using their "lightning boxes" in the theater (camera flash).  I've been to Le Reve and O, as well as Believe, and none of the ushers were quite as entertaining.  O does have a few clowns that walk around before the show harassing people, but not like KA.The other added touch I like was the surround sound speakers installed in the headrest.  I do not know if this was the case for all seats (we were in the front section towards the middle).  I was able to sink into my seat to get a great view above and around me; the music/special effects blasting behind my head were an excellent touch.Overall the show is excellent.  The stage is amazing, the special effects are amazing and the cast is amazing.  I particularly like the fact that the show has a plot (which is why I liked Believe and Le Reve but didn't like O as much) which is easy to follow without a single spoken word (there is guttural noises and laughing, though).I will be going again as soon as I can afford it.  It's worth every penny.
3	Over the years, I have seen every Cirque du Soleil production that has come to my area, as well as having seen many of the "fixed" shows around the country.  I'm sorry to say that this was the first time I have ever been disappointed in a Cirque production.Mind you, the theatre set and staging are amazing.  They can do some pretty awesome things with the stage - it rotates, tilts, moves up and down, and does other fun things.  However, I come to Cirque productions to see more than just the stage - no matter how tremendous it is - and that is where this production seemed to fall short.Perhaps I have become jaded in my years of attending different productions, but aside from a few new items made possible by the stage, most of the stunts and choreography seemed pretty run of the mill for Cirque shows.Although there are often scenes in Cirque productions that seem disjointed from the rest of the show, this particular show seemed to all of us to just be an amalgam of scenes that were rejected from other shows.Due to the lack of tourism as result of the current economy, we were able to get fantastic seats (third row center) at a discount rate off from the Cirque du Soleil Society which was very nice, since the regular ticket prices are pretty spendy.I've seen many productions several times and this is the first I've left not wanting to see again.If this is your first Cirque production, I'm sure you would be very impressed.  However, if you've seen several, this one might leave you feeling a bit short-changed.
5	I don't know who would give this show less then 5 stars!?! I really liked Le Reve but this had a really great story and the stage was something so surreal! My favorite part was the couple arial dancing and the shadow puppets... The theater alone is something to rave about. This show is THE best show I've seen in Vegas sense I've lived here and I would love to go again!xo S
5	I've seen my share of Cirque du Soleil shows--I first saw Mystere some nine years ago, and I've since seen O, Alegria (twice), Dralion, Varekai, Corteo, Delirium, and Zumanity.  The performances seldom disappoint--the artistry and music and feats always combine for an amazing spectacle. KA, however, introduces something only hinted at in some of the other shows--brilliant set design.  In KA, the stage itself is one of the amazing characters, performing its own contortions, wardrobe changes, and hydraulic acrobatics.  Pyrotechnics warm our wide-eyed faces as we watch.  Apart from the stage, the set surrounds the audience, with performers swinging over our heads, shouting from behind our ears.  KA is probably Cirque's most narratively-coherent show, as well--there is a clear plotline to the story.Unfortunately, the set malfunctioned during our show--when it came time for what I would later realize was a climactic performance on the Wheel of Death, the set froze, and the musicians played on.  We sat listening to the music, mildly disappointed that we were missing some key scene in the story.  I think it speaks volumes, however, that even without the show-stopping sequence that I've seen in both the program and other materials, KA is still by far one of the best Cirque performances I've ever seen.
4	Wonderful show! Awesome effects and acrobatics! The music, hell, the entire show, never ceases to amaze me in Cirque performances, very haunting and melodic. The whole arena is the stage, so the performers are everywhere... above you, behind you, running up and down the aisles, you get my point. I have made it a point to try and see every single Cirque show there is (well, maybe except the ones that have bad reviews, believe it or not, there are some).
5	if there was anything u want to splurge on ur trip to vegas, it would this show. KA was actually my first cirque show and it got me hooked! the show is absolutely amazing! the storyline is easy to follow even though there wasn't much speaking. the stage is something u never seen before. it comes apart and raised vertically, where u see the performers glade across the raised stage. it's a bit pricey but u can always find a deal online. i would recommend arriving early to see some performers in the lobby of the KA theater. just remember to look up. definitely a must see!
4	Holy glitter thong, Batman!This was my first live Cirque show and I loved it. I was a little unsure of the martial arts background story, but they still made the choreography beautiful and thrilling. There were vertical surface acts, fire, birds, glittery half-naked jungle love and hilarious giant crabs. Incidentally the huge-ass frozen drinks in the souvenir glasses are not a bad deal, considering regular martinis are $15 in Vegas.  The only downside was the stupid drunk bitch sitting next to me throwing popcorn at her boyfriend and cracking herself up the entire time. I give her zero stars and a punch in the face.
4	We had Front Seats! on the aisle too.. seriously the best seats around. You can feel the heat of the stage and see every intense emotions coming from the characters.  Not to mention that they run around or hover around you.  The theater/stage was detailed in such a powerful manner.  Well, i'm the type who likes martial arts mixed with the elements of fire, water, air and earth. Oh and the element of Love and ROmance.. This show satisfied me.  I'm really doing this review with my bf since we both watched it together.  I honestly like it better than Mystere. He thinks Mystere is way better when it comes to acrobat acts. I actually agree with him on that note. So both Mystere and Ka for us were a 4-star. La Reve is coming up so watch out for that review. *haha*Oh come early so you can have your pictures taken! It looked pretty cool.  We bought a couple, and the lady gave us another one for free. *Nice*
3	The show was "AIITE."  I'm glad we didnt pay full price for our tickets b/c if we did, I would have been pretty mad.  KA really wasnt much of a 'cirque' show compared to other shows, such as "La Reve" and "Mystere."  Hmmm... I feel like the best way to describe it is to say that it is VERY artistic, visual, and dramatic.  Plus, there's an actual storyline that is easy to follow.  But, other than that, I was really impressed.  Mystere has wayyyyyyyyy better cirque-y acrobatic stuff that make you go "WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" and then La Reve had all those crazy water diving scenes that make you go "HOLY CRAPPPPPPPPP."  There was a lot of "flying" using ropes and stuff in KA but that was about it.  Great visual effects though - and the stage design was amazing!
4	Loved this!  Just got back from Vegas and one of the benefits of the crappy economy is discounted Cirque tickets before you go, rather than having to try your luck at the ticket booths :)We had row D seats which were AMAZING.  We could see all the makeup and details which was cool.  I think for this show since it's mainly done on the front stage, that seats do matter.  The stage is quite unique with the revolving/tiltiing that's going on and the acrobatics are spectacular... deinfitely not for those with a fear of heights :)  I was totally amazed by the one character who gets out of the spinning ring and actually skips rope and jumps from ring to ring with no protection - wow.this venue has fairly comfortable seats and individual speakers in each chair so you get a nice surround sound effect... loved it.
5	I love you KA (if Ka is a person)!You are beautiful! You are fashionably unique! You are daring! And your costumes are all so lovely! I really enjoyed everything you did, especially when you climb up and down the vertical rotating stage. I don't quite get your story, but I really didn't care, because you were pure eye candy!You live in an outstanding decorated castle theater, I envy you! You are the best in Las Vegas! My GF and I are your humble groupies...
4	Ok, this is terrible but I fell asleep during KA. HA!  HOWEVER, the show was incredible up until that point!  I think it was a little slow for me.   I think I may have enjoyed it more had I not watched it on a Friday night after working 10 hours and after several cocktails?  I'm giving it 4 stars because my BF absolutely loved it.  That vertical stage was unbelievable.
4	We watched Ka the first night we were in Vegas.  Getting the tickets were a chore but we saved a few $ by stopping at Tix4Tonight first.  They had tickets for 40% off which let us upgrade to better seats for a lower price.  You buy your discounted tickets here first which requires waiting in a line, then you walk over to the Ka Box office to select your seats.  The whole process took 2 hrs.  Our seats were close enough to feel the heat from the flames on stage.  The show is definitely more than a typical circus act.  There's a plot/storyline, good guys and bad guys, joy, sadness, drama, and a big finale.  Those french canadians are a crazy bunch.  Yes, the stage is amazing.  The music is also very good.  Very Enya-ish.  I too wondered if all the characters were asian as their kung fu moves were quite good.   The beginning is a little slow but its ends with a big finish. Overall, a very enjoyable show.
5	The show was awesome. I was so attentive with the stage action. It was constantly acrobatics, not to mention the stage was also moving vertically and horizontally, people were frying every where in all direction. I believe, I paid about $125 each, for a mid center seat. I have to give it a 5, but you don't have to take my word for it, just go see it for yourself. I forgot to mention, Ka people does not speak English, they have their own language. My next is O's have not seen the show.
5	I've seen about 4 Cirque shows and this is hands down, THE best show in Vegas. Period.
4	This show is pretty cool. The bf and I stood in line at tix4tonite and paid $70 bucks per ticket which was a very good deal compared to the online prices from $106 to $167. Standing in line wasn't bad, but once you purchase them at the tix4tonite stand you have to go over to MGM and stand in line to get your seats and actual show tickets. Luckily when we went there was no line so the process didn't take long at all. I would suggest not sitting in the front b/c the show is a moving stage and elevated so sitting in the middle anywhere gets you a good view no matter what. My favorite part was the finale at the end which is very awesome. This show is gravity defying! I recommend Ka and Zumanity as the cirque du soleil shows to see. I've heard others that have seen O and La Reve say it is not worth the ticket prices. I think Ka and Zumanity are shows even the guys that are dragged by their gf's will enjoy.
5	AmazingREALLY AMAZINGAnd there are no bad seats in the house. We spent $120 for our tickets, buying them 2 hours before the 930 show. We sat in the back portion and the centermost left area, and the seats were g-r-e-a-t. The stage and set up was real cool. Their ability to jump around - phenomenal. The vertical stage - really amazingly cool. Running around the gerbil thingie - craziness. I was amazed and the $120 was well spent. Highly recommended.
5	I have seen all of the Vegas Cirque Du Soleil shows and this is my favorite one.  I love that there are speakers in the headrests - that extra base and surround sound environment really makes you feel more aware of what is going on in the show.  I love when the speakers pick up the shooting arrows.  It sounds so awesome - like they are zooming by your ears.  The music is also really cool - lots of drums and even a heavy metal electric guitar song.The stage feels like a futuristic Matrix or Mad Max environment.  This is a saga about a royal brother and sister that get separated when marauding tribesmen kill their parents during a summer festival.  There is a distinct Asian theme to this cirque.  The tribes people are tattooed like Hawaiians or the Yakuza, there is a Kabuki looking evil lord, and lots of Chinese style acrobatics.  The boy is guarded by the main family warrior who is this yoked shirtless hottie cakes with dreadlocks and a spear.  The girl is guarded by their overweight big breasted nanny and some clowns.  The stage is a 360 degree revolving platform that moves horizontally and vertically.  The floor at several points is the wall.  There is this one scene where they are at the beach and then the beach turns into the wall and a zillion pounds of sand slides off of it along with one of the clowns who drops about 30 feet down.  There is another scene where the stage is supposed to be a mountain and the girl and her entourage is trying to climb to the top to escape the evil peeps.  As they are climbing up the wall there are evil people shooting arrows at them from the audience which in turn makes pegs pop out of the wall to simulate arrows sticking out of the wall.  The climbers swing in really pretty circles around the pegs.  The girl gets to the top and is sheltered by these Mongolian looking people.  It is now winter.  Meanwhile the boy and his stud warrior guardian hang out and make really cool shadow puppets.  They subsequently get caught by the tribesmen and get put in wheel shaped cages.  In the process there are a couple of other scenes including this one where guys are running and jumping rope on the outside of these hamster wheels that are revolving like a Ferris wheel about 30 feet in the air.  That may be the best acrobatics scene in the whole show.  While in captivity, the boy falls in love with the tribes' princess, who looks a little butch.  She releases him so that he can find his sister and then she does a cool baton twirling dance.  The sister also falls in love with some dude in that sheer Britney Spears outfit with the little diamonds all over it and a red thong and they flirt with each other while flying around the stage from one of those hanging sheets.  Visually it is really pretty, but the dude looks like he might be a little light in the loafers with his long flowing hair and rhinestone outfit.I don't know how the brother and the sister reunite, but they do and they regroup and go to war against the evil Kabuki lord with the help of the tribes' princess' troops.  I forgot to mention that somewhere along the way the boy rescues the princess' dad from being captured by Kabuki face.  The bad people that tried to capture the boy and the girl are now on their side.  They go to war; the stage is again a wall and of course they win, get their kingdom back and the boy and the girl get married and all of the costumes are really pretty. Some other cool scenes include a boat on the stormy waters, an insect inspired rain forest act with swinging acrobats, and a flying contraption made to look like a bird that is operated by 5 people.  This is a must see theater production.  It was so worth the $340 we spent on tics
5	I have noticed, like art, everyone has different opinions of Cirque du Soleil shows. So let me explain why I gave KA 5 stars.  1.  The seats are comfortable, speakers right in the headrest.  You don't feel like you are sitting on your neighbors.2.  They give an intro to the show to give you a starting point3.  The costumes are surreal, if we didn't have such great seats I think I would have actually thought everyone was covered in tattoos4.  You can follow the story and the movements are original and superb5.  I didn't want it to end
5	F*ckin' aye brother, this show is insane!  When we walked into the auditorium, I was like "AAAH sh!t, this place is pimp!"  The seats are spacious and comfortable.  It didn't feel like you were sitting on your neighbors wang or whoohaa.  Speakers are built into headrests. Nice.The stage is built on a hydraulic system which gets manipulated througout the show.  You remember Plinko on Price is Right?  Well, they got one skit where the perfromers drop down the stage like Plinko Chips.  NUTS!  Most of their acrobatic stunts had me performing some major puckering!  I think I was constipated for a few days.I don't want to give away too much of the show.  The tickets ran me close to $200 bucks a pop!  I'd pay to see the show again.  Yo, I even went crazy geek mode and bought the soundtrack.  That's on the realz.  There are no bad seats in the house so you can opt for the less expensive seats and still be in good hands.  Word up.
5	I've seen a few CdS's and each one has its qualities.  I personally like this one because there is a storyline and it is mostly action.I don't want to ruin it for anyone, but the stage scenes are amazing, you always feel engrossed in the whole thing, and the final part with the stage is awesome.  If you've ever played old Final Fantasy games, you'll probably get a kick out of it like I did.I think you have to be high or on something to think of half of the things in these shows.  To the makers of Cirque du Soleil: Keep lighting up!
5	this was the most amazing show i've ever seen!!!!!  me and my boyfriend paid for the most expensive seats but i believe any seat in the house should be a good view due to the huge, and i mean huge! stage. i never got bored watching and my eyes were glued to wondering what was going to happen next. so go to the bathroom before because you wouldnt want to miss a minute of it.only thing is, no picture taking/ video recording.
5	I don't know what I was thinking......... getting wasted at Fat Tuesday an hour before watching a show I paid $120 for. Ticket prices for Cirque shows have always been outrageous, but most, including myself, will agree that you get what you pay for.This show was amazing from start to finish! The costumes, the acrobats, the theater, the floating platform.....they are all breathtaking. Ka is the story of two twins that were separated at youth and undergo a rite of passage of self-discovery and their encounters with Ka.....yeah I sobered up pretty quickly! Thats how good it was!Despite the steep price, this show sells out really quickly. I recommend getting tickets the day before if possible.
5	One of the most expensive stage show around, but worth every penny.   Other reviews have already pretty much summed up what's awesome about KA.  But just wanted to add my vote in case there are still people who still have doubts.
5	WOW 5 stars for KA!!! I love Cirque du Soleil shows, but this is the best one yet!! This show has more of a story line than others, but stays true to the acrobatic background. The stage and set was amazing, it alone is worth the money. The seats were comfy and I liked the speakers in the headrest. We had perfect seats lower section row L, right in the middle of everything. You could feel the heat of the fire. My husband did not want to see this, but  I made him go with me. After the show he was glad we went, he loved it and even recommended it to others!!!Of course tickets can be pricey, but they do give 30% military discounts !!!(only at KA box office inside MGM)This show was awesome, I hope to see it again!!!!
3	I've been to many Cirque shows and I have to say that this is probably my least favorite.  I came with 3 of my friends, and we all fell asleep during different parts of the show.  It was a little difficult to follow as there was an actual storyline, but they were speaking in their own language which consisted of grunts and weird noises.There are visually stunning portions to the show, and the stage itself is just amazing.  But, some of the stunts they did, I had seen done in other shows and quite frankly, they were done better.Regardless, the costumes are gorgeous, the makeup is intricate, the actors are fun, and the rotating stage is a must see!  They use the stage in so many different ways, it's very creative.  One of the highlights was actually the door guy who was dressed as a KA soldier, I believe?  I talked to him, but he wasn't allowed to speak so instead made gestures.  He was friendly and funny, and added to the whole experience of entering into the Cirque world of KA.  I'm very glad that I got to experience KA, but I don't think I will be seeing this show again.
4	This was my first Cirque show and I was definitely pleased. The tickets were quite expensive (About $115 each), but with the number of people in the performance and with the props, I can see why. This show was so neat, exciting, funny, sad, and happy. I loved the stage and how it moved. I was amazed with the effects! I can't wait to see another Cirque show!! I highly recommend seeing KA.
3	The stage was beautiful, so I give it an A-ok rating, but I missed the acrobatics that make Cirque Du Soleil.  There was only ONE scene with the normal acrobats that is apparent in all Cirque Du Soliel shows, so I have to admit that I was really bored with the whole story line since it lacked in that area.  I took my bf there for his first Cirque show and wished that I had taken him to O instead.  I spent 117 per a person, and although I understand that it pays for the gorgeous stage, I would have rather paid that towards another Cirque show.On a better note, the Pina Colada at the concession stand was FAB!  We're still craving it.
3	I am giving it really a 2.5 stars  . It started off promising with the pre show antics . I booked the show because of the demo of the show at the MGM website but it show the best parts to me . The show has no dialgue but a narration in the begining so pay attention . I don't want to give away the show but there was two parts that was plain unnecessary parts with hand puppets and sand animals my husband also fell asleep during it the show cost over 200.00 I was pissed he was bored and thats that !
4	KA.  Wow, second time seeing it and I appreciated it that much more. In a nutshell, the set, props, stage IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!The stage rotates a complete 360 degrees in every which direction and the actors utilize this with fierce talent.  Out of the 6 Cirque shows in Vegas, this is the only one that has a storyline.  Which is ok, they can't talk, which makes telling the story complicated. Luckily, it's a very simple one.  Two twins get separated & it's their journey back to one another.I will have to say though, there are some slower sections with "obnoxious" acting, you know that acting that you see in live performances where the actors must make their emotions as big as possible so the person in the back row can see them.  But if those few parts were removed I would have given this show a 5.  It accomplishes what it sets out to do, amaze the heck outta ya. There were a lot of man butts in thongs, which I could have done without.  And one of them is in an all glittery costume. Not hot, but feminine & sparkley enough that I would rock that if I were a stripper, kinda reminded me of the one Britney Spears wore.Pyrotechnics, really neato!  There's a firework show at the end that puts this show out with a spark. hehe no pun intended, but get ready for it when you feel it's ending, you'll burn your corneas.Puppetry, actually quite spiffy.  There were a few characters dressed as beach creatures, they were cute, added some humor. Martial Arts, this is an Asian inspired show, so there's sparring, swords fighting, stick fighting etc.  Be careful, before it starts there are actors that try to scare you. Jumping up over things, picking people up & throwing them over their shoulders, screaming....etc.The best part was toward the end when the big spinning wheels are brought out and there are two men with a death wish run around in them, out of them, jump rope, skip, basically make me nervous as h*ll watching...but soooo impressive.This show is a great addition to Vegas & mainly because of the stage & the very talented actors.
4	WOW, times must be truly hard if they aren't able to fill a Cirque du Soleil stadium on a Saturday night in the prime section. We went last minute because the young man wanted to watch it again and boy I must say, I thoroughly enjoyed it even the 2nd time round. We had prime front center seats and this time I noticed things I hadn't noticed the first time around.
4	Cirque du Soleil is always amazing and this show didn't disappoint! The theater is gorgeous, the costumes are amazing and I was mesmerized by that rotating wall (how do they climb up that thing!?)  Oh and the seats were comfy and they had speakers in the headrests, nice!
5	This is the most spectacular show you will ever see! This is the first Cirque show with a "plot."O is amazing, but in the end it is circus acts with wonderful transitions. Some people like O better, I liked Ka better. If you cannot appreciate complexity and subtlety with spectacle, go with O. My more theatre-savvy friends liked Ka more (but we all agree it is REALLY silly to pick one over the other since they are both amazing).When Ka opened in 2005, this one production cost more to produce than ALL the shows on Broadway combined. But it is not just an expensive production, it is the most brilliant minds in the world coming together to produce a show unrivaled in spectacle. There are touching small moments so skillfully employed to counterbalance the larger spectacular moments. The music is live, and a gorgeous score. It takes 250 people to put on the show each night. The tickets are expensive, but you can see where your money is going! Worth every penny! There are moments in the show that are slower than others, but you need that in a 90 minute show. Look at it as Opera/Dance/Theatre on steroids, listen to the music, follow the plot and you will be swept up in this amazing production.A side note - for everyone who likes O, Le Reve was just as amazing for me. O is a bigger theatre, but Le Reve is really, really amazing!!!!
4	The Ka theater is HUGE and the stage is pretty cool.  Sat in Section 201, Row FF Seats 9-10 with my boyfriend.  They were okay seats but definitely would have preferred closer/more centered seats, despite what the other reviewers say.If you're looking for a show with nonstop action, then you should see O.  If you're looking for a show with more entertainment value, then you should see Mystere.  But if you want a good story, then Ka is for you.  Either way, I don't think you can go wrong wtih a Cirque du Soleil show.
5	Having seen several circus acts in Asia in the past few years, I am hard to impress, but I'd have to give "Ka" 2 thumbs up... for the surprise and the wow factor. -- Ka is different from O in that it has a story line, for those confused, get a copy of the program guide and read about the story first. It will be immensely helpful in understanding the flow of the scenes. -- I liked the following scenes: -- drowning in the ocean-- live arrows and martial arts-- funny sea turtle-- 3 D fight scene-- fireworksalright, better not give away too much here to ruin your surprises!   ^_^liked it, will consider watching it again in the future.
4	This was my first time watching a live Cirque du Soleil performance so i was semi-excited. I'm not really a fan, but it was actually pretty cool. There were some pretty cool scenes, stunts and acts that Ka had. It wasn't too long and it ended at a good time. I think it is best to sit in the back so you can see all that is going on. If you sit in the front your vision is limited. The best thing i thought was the rotating platform. It would change colors, and spin and doing some sweet shit. The story was a little confusing at first, but it came to me. Also what was pretty cool to watch was the two dudes on the spinning circles things. There were jump roping and doing some crazy shit. Good job dudes!The one thing that was comical to me was one of the dudes was in sparkly spandex and a pink thong. He was twirling around on his rope with a chick. haha. Overall is was pretty sweet. It's something nice to take your mother-in-law to. haha.....
5	Had great seats for Ka but may have been a bit too close...I rate this show higher than "O".  I recommend this show for those visitng LV. No need to seat too close to the stage.
3	I'm so mixed about KA. My dad hated it, especially compared to Mystere and Le Reve. I was blown away by the awesomeness of the stage. This is truly one of the most stunning displays of technology you will ever see. However, once you get past that, there's not much excitement to the performance itself. It starts off really slow and you keep thinking it will pick up, but it doesn't really until the last 30 minutes. Unlike the other Cirques, there are very few displays of HUMAN talent. There was very little applause compared to the other shows I've seen. The audience did give a standing ovation at the end, but I feel like it was more for the entire production itself (the visual/special effects) than for the performers. There were some cool scenes, but overall this show does not hold up to the other Cirques, IMO. If you do go, we sat in Section 202, Row JJ and the view was just fine. I think you're better off farther back and in the middle than closer but on the sides. However, it didn't seem like there was a bad seat in the house.
5	Brilliant show! Enough said...
4	Kinda expensive but it helps to know someone. ... We were in the 12th row on the side but it was still good seats... You could definitely sit a little back for this show. The moving stage was amazing and there is one sequence in which ~SPOILER ALERT~ the sticks came out of it and the performers were weaving through it at a 90 degree angle.wow. ~END~It was fun to watch the performers and I was very involved in the storyline. My fiance wasn't as impressed but he had fun as well. The set is beautiful and you notice this once you walk in. The length of the show is perfect. Maybe they could do one more act but it's cool.
5	This show was freaking amazing.When you first walk in, you are instantly intimidated by the monstrous set that spills out along side the seats. The theater is dark, fire is flaring from the stage, creepy KA creatures are swinging around and whispering in your ears- you're now engulfed in the KA world. The show itself is outstanding- there are scenes in KA that will blow your mind. From the 'Mountain Climbing' scene with the arrows on the spinning wall- to the WHEEL OF DEATH which is a down right breath taker. There is laughter and shock- simplicity and technical mastery. You'll never be so happy to have spent money to watch people do shadow puppets, i assure you!As a tourist, this is what you expect to see when you hear how amazing 'Cirque' shows are. KA is outstanding and a must see when you're in Vegas. My tip- check out Tix 4 Tonight on the Strip to save big time on ticket prices! I grabbed TWO Section 1 seats for this show at over 40% off face value.
1	This show is good for kids and that i about the only thing it has in the plus column. The plot was weak almost nonexistent, the choreography was lackluster compared to other Cirque shows like "O". I paid half price for my tickets and still think I would have been more satisfied dropping that money on BLACK on the roulette table. Horrible show . If you want to see a good show see " O " Stay fAR away from "Ka" It is very childish, the story is crummy, and the acrobatics and choreography was reminiscent of Jr high boys imagination and execution
1	This show sucks!! It's really boring and some of the people around me even fell asleep. I don't see what the hype is all about. I wanted to see a Cirque du Soleil show, not some play. They tried to do this story thing and I STILL didn't get it. The whole time I was wondering when they were going to actually do something out of the ordinary. That moment never really came. There was this thingy (don't wanna ruin for the people who do want to see it) that was kinda cool but not breath taking. There was absolutely no wow factor in this show. Okay there's this one part that I'm gonna tell you about. Warning! DO NOT read if you are planning on going. This chick was doing this stick twirling like she was a colorguard. That was cool but I didn't think it was appropriate for this type of show. I wish I spent a little extra to watch O. This was seriously a waste of my time and money.
4	This was my second Cirque show and I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it. My husband and I had seen Mystere with our families a few days before our wedding in Vegas and we weren't too impressed. I felt bad because I was the one who set up the whole fam going. Mystere was just a series of vignettes that were silly and sometimes cool, but didn't add up to much.Ka, on the other hand, has a loose plot which, while not much as far as plots go, was great at keeping the flow of the show going. The vaguely-Asian themed show fit music with plot and acts together really well. There were the usual overly-theatrical moments and some stock characters, but I didn't find it to be over-the-top as much as Mystere was. Yes, you need to suspend your disbelief for some of it, but the costumes were amazing--the stunts are amazing and it feels like you are in a different place.We paid about $70 per ticket and had decent seats about halfway up on the edge of the center section. I think most of the seats were good in the theater. I was also impressed with the fact that the slowest moments were in the beginning. Once it got going, I wasn't bored. It didn't seem like a 90 minute show.If you want to see a show while you're in Vegas and you don't want to feel ripped off, I recommend Ka. If you stay at the MGM, they offer a discounted show rate which I thought was a really good value.
5	OMG OMG SO AMAZING!!!First off, we had the perfect seats - just four rows back and in the dead center. So visually I think the show was even more stunning than usual. We got huge drinks from the super friendly bartender, obviously a bit pricey (theater food, right?)Super fun though. I really don't have sufficient words to express how enjoyable this show was. Especially being royally trashed through its entirety.
5	Crazy crazy crazy show, hella good. When you watch it you'll know what everyone is talking about. They had a love story, drama, action, action, and crazy action. Music was great. This is a show for all ages no language needed. Go, it's so so good.
2	This has to be my least favorite of the Cirque shows.  I don't know if it was the late show, or stopping the booze, but we were dozing off the beginning of the show.  It was REALLY slow.  So after forcing myself to stay awake, it got a little better.  I too still do not know why they had the finger animals, but it was cool.  The"wheel of death" was one of the best parts and the most acrobatics in the show.  The fight at the end with the vertical stage is pretty cool.  I guess that is why they say to each their own because I don't know how people who have seen this can say it was great.
5	I am not one to find the underlying story in these types of things so my rating is based on the fabulous effects and action.  I think I liked Mystere better, but this show is really great.  The things that the actors /stunt people do are utterly amazing.  It may blow your mind.
5	Excellent show! This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I have to say it was amazing. My boyfriend and I sat on the left side of the theater and on the 8th row. We could feel the heat from the fire and the smoke. Also because we were so close to the stage, we can see the detail of their costumes and makeups. Everything was happening all around us. I think almost all the seats in the front sections of the theater are great. You really wouldn't miss anything if you are sitting on the left side or the right side, because whatever is happening on each side is identical to the other side.I did check out some comments on yelp. I noticed people complained about the sparklely pink thong man, the boring stick throwing, and the story being very slow. Well, I do agree that it can be slow at times, but the ring of death and other acrobats are awesome.  You can't just have all actions and acrobats in the show, so to me, this show was very well balance. All the acrobats were breathtaking.  I will definitely go back and see another Cirque du Soleil show.
3	3.5 stars.  This was my first Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas so I haven't had any to compare KA with. I thought the show had just amazing acrobatics and technical stage production aspects with the wheel, and fight scenes. Seeing people fall a long ways was interesting as well. My favorite part were the guys shooting the flaming arrows. I don't know why actually, but it was!  I think this is a show that you just have to see it in order to ascertain if you will like it, feel neutral about it, or dislike it.  Minus 1 and half stars, because the plot did not make sense to me and it was hard to follow. I think I would have to see the show again to get the plot. I thought the usher guys were friendly and MGM staff were very helpful. Kudos to the actors for putting so much effort in their performances and in the show. You can tell they wanted you to get your monies worth. I am like the other reviewer though who wonder why these shows are over $100? I will have to see O next or Love too compare.  My lady friend gave the show five stars so it really depends on the person.
4	My husband and I had great seats (3rd row from the front) and we were able to see all of the performers up close.  KA is set up a little bit differently than all of the other Cirque De Soleil shows, this one had an actual story line.  Each seat has built in speakers so that you can hear the music.  The shadow puppets were a nice touch since that is not something I would have expected but it was done beautifully.  Not everything happens on stage, the performers also use the two sides of the theater for certain scenes.  I really enjoyed this show.
5	With Cirque du Soleil you often hear words like 'amazing', 'incredible', 'astounding' ... but when applied to Ka they are all accurate.  Bravo to the folks at Cirque for creating a show which not only features the beyond belief acrobatics which they are so well known for, but also a dramatic and fun story which grabs you and holds you down in your seat.A few things to think about ...1) Basically every seat in the theater is a great seat.  There's no need to spend the mega-$'s on the best seat in the house.2) Going in the ushers are "in character" and you can have a lot of fun with them if you play along.3) Don't be late ... you don't want to miss a second of this show.
3	A beautiful show to watch, quite visually stunning, but a mid-point through the show, I'd lost the storyline (something to do with a brother and sister who are separated by an evil overlord?).For $107 (tickets purchased at Tix4Tonight) we did have great seats near the front of the stage. But if I had known the story was going to be so blah, I would have purchased the cheaper tickets instead. Overall, I'd tell folks to go see this show, but with the understanding that it's not the best Cirque show out there despite being visually stunning.
5	i actually thought this one was better than "O."  a lot people praise "O," saying it's the best one in vegas, but i beg to differ.  i've seen my share of cirque de soleil shows, and i saw both "O" and Ka and i thought Ka was amazing!!  don't get me wrong...i thought "O" was great too, but i thought Ka stepped it up a notch better.  i liked that it had a storyline and that each segment connected to the next somehow.  the theater setup was pretty awesome as well.  If people expect this to be an "Asian" show, it's not really an Asian show and it wasn't really advertised to be an Asian show either.  I actually thought the show was going to revolve around fire, but it didn't.  The focus was more on the story, artistry and acrobatics.  they gave the characters character, so they weren't all just seen as acrobats like in all the other cirque shows.  on a side note, if you're giving Ka a bad review because you were drunk or YOU didn't understand the storyline, than that's your fault, not theirs so you shouldn't penalize them for that; you shouldn't even write a review in that case.  anywho, i highly recommend Ka and i would totally go watch it again!  I thought it was totally worth what i paid (we went to the tickets 4 tonight booth and bought out tix)!
4	This was an excellent show - my first one in Vegas. We bought tickets through their website using the buy 1, get a 2nd for $25 which was a better deal than at Tix For Tonight. I  loved the story - but wished for a little more acrobatics. The costumes and music were amazing! There was also a couple of scenes which were much more charming and funny - which I do appreciate. The theatre is very nice and the set is amazing.  This show is definitely more theatrical with less acrobatics than their traveling shows - but a great show.
4	This show was FANTASTIC.  This was my first show in Vegas and my first Cirque du Soleil experience. I went in not quite knowing what to expect, but anticipated artsy dance and acrobatic routines. I was blown away by the talent of all of the performers, the quality of the storyline and audio, and the extraordinary set and stage design. I left applauding and excited to see another Cirque du Soleil show in the future.
5	I LOVE THIS SHOW!  I have seen this show twice and most recently in April '09.  I would go back again for a third performance, it was just that cool.Now, before I started writing this review, I read some of the 1 star reviews and I can see where they are coming from, but I just don't agree.  I loved loved loved the giant rotating platform.  I just sat there wondering how anything that large could be that maneuverable.  I am still in awe.  I loved the engineering that must have taken place to make this show possible. Ok, yes, this show starts with narration of the story, and yes, it's the only Cirque that does this that I have seen (and I've seen MANY).  So What?  Should all the Cirque's be identical?  The costumes were cool.  I loved that the show has people shooting faux arrows from columns in the audience.  I love the fire blasts that are used throughout the show.  You can feel the heat on your face.  I love the scene where the sea organisms are in the sand.  I love the boat with people in the edges.  I love the whole thing.  Are there Cirque du Soleil shows that I don't just love?  Yes.  I didn't give "O" five stars.  So, I'm not a crazed Cirque fan.  I truly think this is one of the top 3 Cirque shows. I also have no interest in the Beatles Cirque show, so I do pick and choose and I pick KA! As usual, I'll say that you shouldn't sit in the front rows.  As Americans we feel that the front row is the best.  In Cirque, you'll spend your whole time straining your neck to look up and sometimes behind you.  Sit at least 15 rows back.
3	I have seen many Cirque shows over the years, somewhere over 10 shows but not sure how many.  While I did really like this show, I did not love the show.  Compared to other Cirque shows, I think you get more acrobatics and skills in other shows.  The moving platform and what the artists could do with it was amazing and I always love the rotating rings, but overall not as many amazing acts in this show as with other Cirque shows.  I love Cirque, but recommend trying another show.
5	Holy crap!  What a spectacular show!  Never thought any show would be worth a $100 bucks!  This show was worth every last penny.  Incredible stunts, tricks, and acrobatics.  Visually stunning.  Also, had a story line that I can actually follow.  Well, I had to ask my wife here and there but still a lot easier to follow than Mystere!  If you are thinking about watching a show in Vegas, watch the Ka at the MGM.  Skip on Mystere over at Treasure Island.  Boring as heck.
4	The show was very entertaining and impressive.  When you walk in, you see the towering sides of the set extending beyond beyond the the stage (into the balcony section) , fire spewing from the center stage, performers walking amongst the crowd barking their chants and primal calls.   We had seats right in center stage, but not too close to the stage that we missed any of the peripheral action happening off stage.  The moving stage is amazing.  The platform not only rotates horizontally but also rotates vertically as well.  Which such a dynamic platform to utilize, the acrobatic stunts are stunning.  My favorite parts of the performance  include the spinning cages and the vertical wall battle scene.   I only wish there were more acrobatics, but the acrobatics that were on display are impressive nonetheless.
5	This show is AMAZING. It's sold out quickly or it's hard to find seats for a group of 3+ when you buy it late in the game, so get them early!I paid $170 for my ticket and it was totally worth it. I was centered, and fourth row from the front. I felt so close to the performers like I was in the show itself! A few minutes before the show the started, the performers go around and just like stares us down. I thought that was pretty interesting. hahaEverything about KA is amazing. The stage and the way everything looked was so fascinating. At first I was skeptical about spending that much money on this show, but when I walked in, I knew I made a good choice. The performers, the music, the outfits, EVERYTHING was mesmerizing.If you're in Vegas, GO TO THIS SHOW. Just get tickets early since they can get very expensive. I recommend this! Be prepared to be mesmerized and amazed.
5	i think every one should watch this show before they die. seriously how can? i mean how can something be so so damn spectacular ? my husband had watched this show before i did and he used to say "you can't even imagine if i explain. you should see it on your own to believe it ". so true!!! go people see it for yourself.
5	Unbelievable real and powerful experience!!
5	This show is absolutely amazing! It is easily the best stage show I have ever seen.
5	Extravagant, beautiful, compelling! I am at a lost for words to describe my experience of KA. Nothing and I mean nothing...ever gives me goose bumps other than fear of something but by the end of the show, I had goose bumps all over me. I wanted to cry because I've never seen anything so beautiful. I love the story, the costumes, the stunts, the entire creation. The music was beautiful too. I sat in the left row in seat 12 and 13. That's really close to the stage. I could feel the heat from the fire stunts and also the breeze from the acrobats swinging by. I was in awe. There were times when my heart raced because I was nervous for the casts whom were doing extremely difficult stunts. The backdrops were like magic. Everything on the set moved and looks realistic. I was so amazed that something like KA could even be created. This show is beautiful, romantic, lots of action, visually dynamic, extravagant...grand...and is the definition of perfection! The people who thought this show was boring does not understand art. You should save your money and go see an action flick at the U.A. theater instead. At least you'd free up a seat for someone who would really appreciate and understand the beauty of KA.
5	SIMPLY AMAZING!!!!This was my first time at a Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas, and was not disappointed.  Every moment was entertaining!  While the acrobatics were spectacular, I was equally amazed at the production and technology behind the scenes.This show is worth every penny!BTW - There is a current summer special for buy one, bet one for $25.  Great Value!
5	Ka was amazing. It was my first cirque show (although I'd see them on TV) and completely different than I expected. The theater is great - there are really no bad seats in the house. The production design is incredible! The show has a story which is quite convoluted and tough to understand, but if you just go for the show, the amazing acrobatics and the beautiful sets, you will not be disappointed.As mentioned, the tickets are quite pricey, but if you're able to get the BOGO for $25 or the 1/2 price tickets (which I was able to find) it's totally worth it.
5	For review #100, I thought I would write about my favorite show in Las Vegas.  KA is a must-see!  This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I'm really glad my sister and my friend recommended that if I were to see only one Cirque show, KA is the one.  And they were right on the mark!Everything about this show was badass!  Acrobatics, martial arts, cool costumes, pyrotechnics, great music, a touching story, shadow puppets (really cool ones) and a mechanical stage that flips and rotates to change the setting (gotta see to be impressed).It's not cheap that's for sure, my ticket cost about $135 for 3rd row seats, but it was worth every dollar.  A high quality production.  I suggest coming in early because they do have some pre-show antics that can't be missed and help enhance your experience.  Next time you go to Vegas and want to catch a great show, watch KA!  I might actually see it again!
4	This was a great show all around!  The things that I couldn't stop talking about after the show were the revolving floating stage and the fighting scenes.  The shadow puppet show was soooooooooo cute too!  It was one of those lil scenes of the show that you would never expect, but it really added to the overall performance for me.  Overall, this was a great show with a great storyline!  Mystere is still my favorite, so I can not give it a full 5 star rating.
5	KA was by far my favorite and most memorable Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas.  This show was awesome.  Non-stop action throughout - revolving stage, puppet shows, acrobatics and other scenes with special effects keep your attention the entire time.  The show itself is not cheap but ask for the "buy one get one 50% off special or summer promo".  They seem to offer promos quite a bit, especially in this economy.  If you don't ask, they will not offer it to you. I will definitely go back to see KA!
5	Even though I am a rookie at Cirque du Soleil (this being numero uno), I had no idea what to expect. This place is located at the far end of the MGM Hotel and Casino, perfect for us since we were staying there to begin with. The auditorium was massive, and you wouldn't really think a place so massive could be attached to a casino and hotel. We skipped the snacks and drinks since we just had a wonderful meal a Shibuya (review to come) and went straight to our seats. There were some of the performers hanging out with the audience before for the show and giving a good laugh with their wild antics. F.Y.I: Photography and video are strictly prohibited. But I was able to snap a few shots here and there. As soon as the show started it was edge of your seat excitement from start to finish. Who knew that something that really did not have any dialog in it would hold my attention and then some?! The movable/elevated/morphtastic stage is a must see!!! Some of the stunts the performers were doing were jaw dropping, and this show proves these individuals really have talent. Not only was the show full of acrobatic work, it also had a very sincere story (very touching). The music also accompanied the performance to the tee. So skip all the other Cirque du Soleil shows and come see KA! I haven't even seen the others, but I can tell you nothing can top this acrobatic act!
3	I have seen alot of Cirque shows, and I would say that this is a good show. Not GREAT in comparison to Mystere, but decent. Its actually a good show for gentlemen, due to more use of  martial arts acrobatics. I am more of a fan of circus acrobatics, magic, and such. It is also a good show of kids because it also has a dialogue and storyline. Therefore easier for the,m to understand instead of having to explain every five minutes. I did get the feeling that the technology and set overshadowed the actual performance and actors.  There was a lot of not so impressive martial arts choreography and falling off the stage, which was fine the first few scenes... not after about the 10th or 15th time. We have seen other Cirque shows with much more acrobatics without nets, amazing music played on stage. Costume design for KA seems more captiving, but maybe due to the less tumbling and circus acrobatics in comparison to the others  If you see KA don't sit in the first 20 rows or you will be looking up the entire time.
1	First let me start off by saying I am a huge Cirque fan.  Seen at least 10 shows.  So please read this if you are considering seeing this show.  This is BY FAR the WORST show.  It is so juvenile.  I can't think of any other word.  I thought the acting was silly. I was actually embarassed for some of the people in the show.  There was no real talent in comparison to other Cirque shows.  I have been wanting to see this show for 2 years now. And was soooo excited to take my BF to his 1st Cirque show.  It was A COMPLETE LET DOWN.  Honestly, the only thing good about it was how the stage moves up and down and all around.  That was neat.  If you want to see a great Cirque show see O.  If you still want to see this then pay the cheapest you can so you won't feel like you just got ripped off.  No matter where you sit, it's pretty much the same.  Don't believe the reviews that say you have to get great seats.  I did and regret spending that much money.  I agree with the guy who said this should be called Ka Ka.  A few people around us fell asleep.  And what was with stupid over-sized stuffed animals?!?  LAME.  Oh well, live and learn.
1	So incredibly horrible, especially the little noises the "actors" make on stage. Yelp took down my original review due to language so I'll just say it's ka-ka poo-poo stupid head stinky pee-pee.
2	Um.... I guess I am missing some part of my brain (emotion? imagination?) because, unlike the majority of reviewers here, I really did not like this show.Yes, the rotating flying stage is amazing. The stunts are pretty good too. But I need a bit more to keep my attention during a 90 minute show. There is no dialogue and the story is super hard to follow. There are stuffed animals (large ones, but still), there's martial arts, there's fire. It's kinda a man's show in that there's a lot of stunts and stuff.  Again, though, for 90 minutes I need something more to keep me going. After a while all the special effects get kind of old and you're left with nothing. It's like a delicious looking cake but once you bite into it you realize it's just flour and sugar. Total let down.I have to say this is only my 2nd Cirue du Soleil show (the first being Ulalena in Maui), and while Ulalena was better in terms of plot and story, it still wasn't great. So I guess the take-away point is, Circque shows are for people who (1) want to spend a lot of money, (2) be entertained with pyrotechnics, stunts, and moving objects.  That's just not me, sorry.I'm glad we got our tickets through Tix4Tonight (discounted seats) because otherwise this would be a 1-star review instead of 2.
1	This show might not even deserve 1 star.This was my first cirque show, and my boyfriend's second.  This show was hard to follow, unimpressive and WAY too expensive for what it was.  My boyfriend kept falling asleep it was so boring.  It was not what I was expecting, and would have much rather spent the $200 on something else.
5	Cirque never disappoints. Ka is my favorite so far. The most beautiful storyline and music with high-flying acrobatics. It's nothing like the regular circus of Mystere or the fun, yet similar acrobatics of Varekai. This is a true masterpiece of a story. Surprisingly the hand puppets were one of the top 3 moments. A must watch!
5	Awesome, awesome show!Really enjoyed it. Storyline was very good too. Can't wait to check out another Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas.
2	This was my 3rd Cirque  du Soleil show. I was excited about seeing this show because of the story line. The story is easy to follow, despite the fact that it has no dialogue. With that said, the story line sucked; Too cheesy, simple, and unoriginal. Strike one. The fight scene. Okay, you don't have to really hit anyone, but I would have enjoyed some swords, or weapons. Com'on, this was supposed to take place during a Imperialistic Japan, where are the warriors?!? No, instead, we have shadow puppets and walking starfish. Very childish The good parts of the show: Despite the fact that Tarzan and Jungle scene was very left field, and didn't fall into the plot at all, was still visual and acrobatically cool. The strength between the 110ish pound women, holding a 150 pound man, above the audience with no safety cords, was  astonishing and bewildering. The moving state was nice, costumes were visually appealing. Who would I recommend this to? I would take my 6yr. old nephew and 8 yr. old niece because of the simplistic story line, childish tone and silly humor. Also, they would appreciate the visual costumes. I was very disappointed of the fact that I didn't take them, because I know they would have really loved the show.
5	This was a beautiful show, the story line was clear and easy to follow (you really get into it and start cheering for the good guys).  What's most amazing part of the show was the stage and how it helps to create so many different environments.  I love the details and there were so many OOOOO, AHHHHH moments!  I feel like this is the type of show you can watch over and over and get something new from it every time.. we were able to get tickets for BOGO for $25.  Complete worth it!
4	It was Saturday night and we decided to see another show. Last month when we were in Vegas we saw LOVE, and it was excellent. So off to another Cirque Show. We bought the tickets on line from the MGM and got a bargain. First I went down to the concierge in the Pallazzo, and got a bullshit price of one hundred and seventy-seven dollars ($177.00). So we go on line to the MGM and buy two tickets for one hundred and three dollars ($103.00) per ticket. We saved over seventy dollars a ticket! Thanks (for nothing) Pallazzo Hotel. Well not exactly nothing, I did have a suite comp, and food credit, and slot credit for the g/f. Guess I should be more understanding.We sit down to two very good seats and prepare ourselves for the fun and excitement of a Cirque show. We weren't disappointed, it was a fabulous set, with very artistic acrobats and martial arts performers. I thought the storyline was great, but didn't come off as well as I would have liked. Now saying that we still had a wonderful time, and can't wait to go back for O or Mystique.
5	This was my first cirque de soleil show and I absolutely loved it!I wanted to see more, so I put all of these cirque shows on my netflix account...OK this doesn't nearly compare to actually going to a show.  You just have to see this show!First of all, the theater is amazing with a crazy moving stage.  You really are enveloped in the show w/ the music surrounding you...love the beating drums.  Also enjoyed the costumes.  The performers are the show stealers...I just keeped saying to myself....wow look how ripped that guy is & it takes a lot of strength to do that!The only downside is the cost of tixs can get pricey but don't pay full price go to the tix4less booths on the strip.  I got 2 really great seats for the show on the same day.
4	This was our first Cirque show and we enjoyed it!The story is a tad bit hard to follow, but overall it was pretty cool!  The acrobatics and theatrical "magic" was quite impressive.  Although my hubby and I are not Cirque experts, we really did like the show.  There was a mix of drama, humor, and exciting acrobatics.We sat in the middle of the arena, and were glad we did.  Some of the action happens in the audience or above the audience, and we were able to see everything happen from our seats.You could buy snacks, drinks, and souvenirs in the theater.  We are excited to see more Cirque shows in the future. =)
4	The whole time I was viewing the show I kept asking myself the same question "how do they do that?" The acrobatics were second to none and will take your breath away.  The stage changes directions/elevations for each scene. I felt the storyline was a bit hard to follow. You must pay attention closely. I would recommend buying a program and reading it before the show begins. You will understand the storyline much better.   There is no dialogue in the show.    Overall a good show, however, and would recommend it.   There really are no bad seats in the house and I would not recommend paying extra for seats closer to the stage.
5	Hands down my favorite Vegas Cirque show. I still can't figure out how they do that, but don't really care.Noticed last week that they had half price tickets for this show at Tix For Tonight (and for Love and Believe, too). This show is worth full price so grab bargain tickets if you can.
1	If you have ever seen any of the traveling Cirque du Soleil shows, DO NOT waste your time or money on KA. It is seriously so bad, so BORING, so confusing and pointless. My boyfriend fell fast asleep and stayed that way for the majority of the show. Are you serious?!!?! Before the show started, the guy behind us pretty much summed up how the Cirque du Soleil experience SHOULD be: "I don't care about a story line; I only care about how close to death the performers are. The closer to death, the more entertaining for me." EXACTLY.At no point was anyone close to death during Ka. And I shouldn't have to follow a boring dialogue-less story to watch a Cirque show!! The moving stage is only cool for about 2 minutes. There were maybe 1 1/2 interesting acts (guys jump-roping on giant hamster wheels and some of the hanging-from-the-rope act).I can't believe this show is so much more expensive than the traveling shows. I have NEVER been disappointed by a traveling show. I most recently saw Kooza in Santa Monica, and it was breath-taking, hilarious, and jaw-droppingly amazing. Don't settle for less. SKIP KA and enjoy Vegas!
2	So to be as fair as possible, I think this is a great show if  you are into alot of dancing and looking for something you can call "beautiful". The stage, the scenery, the costumes all amazing. But when looking at the video for this show, it looked really action-packed and it was not to say the least. Besides two guys who jumped on spinning cages and maybe one fight scene, it was all a ton of people just swinging around. I agree with another user when he stated that it was hard to follow as well as one of the scenes presents a almost naked man covered in glitter who just flies around. It was a little out of left field. From everyone that I have talked to, they say go to Mystere. I wish i would have. Wife fell asleep during the show multiple times.
4	It was definitely a good show. If you've never been to a Cirque show, you'll probably think it was amazing show. Sadly, I think I've been a bit spoiled by my favorite Cirque shows: O, Beatles LOVE, & Mystere. Although I don't think it was comparable to those three shows, it would be hard for anyone not to be completely entertained during the show. All in all, it's a great show and whether you can think of it as a 4 star or a 5 star show, would have to depend on your expectations.
5	As many have already said, it's fabulous.  A "must see" show when visiting Vegas.Best advice I can give is to book seats very close to the front, closer the better.  You will see all the amazing details in the make-up and costumes that you would otherwise miss if you were far back (this is good advice for pretty much any show in Vegas).
4	Great show. One of the few Cirque du Soleil's that has a story line. It's a story of two twins seperated by war and are tested with lifes trials and tribulations of love, loyalty and the devotion to once again be reunited. Great blend of acrobatics, Capoeira dance, martial arts surrounding towers and moving platform captivates an audience. The elaborate costumes were unforgettable. Ka is an experience...a do not miss opportunity.Tips:-- Purchase tickets through Half Price Tickets the day of the show (7  locations on the Strip / $75 for level 2 seats which are normally priced $120)--Don't get seats too close...they make great use of the stage and it'll feel like you're sitting in the first row of the movie theatre.
3	I think I've seen too many of these shows, because I didn't find myself captivated.  I think this is the 5th Cirque show I've seen, after awhile they all blend together, and as my husband says, "I'm sick of their BS music, I could sing that, la la la oooooohga blah blah."  It has a story line, as people have mentioned, although we often said, "Who's that?  What did that person do?"  The set is really cool, that was the most impressive part of the show, not the actors.  The vertical fight/flight work is just amazing.  We paid around 85 bucks each for seats WAAAYYYYY up at the top, which gave us a great view of the stage, but we couldn't really see any of the smaller details.  I think if you are new to Cirque you will enjoy it, but if you have seen a few of their shows, maybe look for a different form of entertainment.
5	I'm in love with this show! So much that I've seen it twice and the second time was just as wonderful. Unlike other Cirque shows, this one had a storyline of love and war, which kept me drawn to the show. There isn't a bad seat in the house so whether you pay for the closer seats or farther ones, it's a guaranteed good view. The seats are nice and spacious and they even have speakers on each seat. Ka is definitely intimate comapred to O. The music was so beautiful and the technical effects of the stage was impressive! My favorite parts: The swimming scene, the shadow puppets, and the fireworks at the end of the show. Ka is a strong and exciting show that will keep your heart racing the whole time. First time, we got the tix for full price (about $75) not knowing that there were plenty of discount tickets floating around. Go to the TKTS booth the day of the show and they typically have discount tickets!
5	The vertical stage is amazing.
5	This was my first cirque du soliel show and what a way to start!While in Vegas my boyfriend and I watched 4 cirque du soliel shows (including this one) and this was our favourite! I personally thought it was much better then 'O'.Our seats where in the front section about 7-8 rows from the stage and I thought they gave us a excellent view of the stage. But obviously you have to turn to the side to see the performers on those set pieces that are on either side of the theatre. This may bother some people, not us.The seats should have been $170, but we booked them with the discount ticket place by coca cola world for about $90.If we go to Vegas again I would definitely see this show again, I can't praise it enough. They also do drinks in the souvenir cups like 'Love' does, the rum one is lovely!
5	Took my gf and gf's family from out of country to Vegas.  I'm not so sure they enjoyed the trip much.  That was until the KA part of the trip. They thoroughly enjoyed that part of the trip.  This was my first Cirque show in Vegas and I really enjoyed the details of the whole production.  We had great seats and a great price as well.  When my gf and I go back we'll definitely see another...  there was some knocking on the plot some scene tie ins were strange, but they get 5 stars for the production value!
1	I am giving this show 1 star because the best part of the show was the theater and the stage.... I have seen almost ALL traveling cirque du Soleil shows starting with Quidam and ending with KOOZA last summer in Denver. KA is so different that I think it is a shame to call it cirque du Soleil. They had only one solo act " spinning wheels " same as in KOOZA but not as well done. Another difference: no live music. The show has too much story and no act at all. If you are going to see KA keep your expectations low because all you will see is amazing stage and lots of dancing. Do not expect great acts like  in Allegria, Kooza, Mystere and other shows. KA is different in a bad way. However if you never seen cirque before you might be amazed. I actually fell a sleep towards the end.
1	I'm very surprised that many people seem to like this show. I'm a big fan of cirque and have enjoyed many of their shows, but KA is a giant disappointment.  It has a nice theater and innovative stage, but the show is just boring with virtually no impressive stunts. They should call this show "people hanging from cables".  Other people around us leaving the theater seemed equally unimpressed.  You've been warned; save your money!
4	A great show! The work they did with the stage was amazing!They told us that any seat was a good seat in the house- lie. Sit closer if you can. But I had a bad experience because the people beside me were speaking in normal tones the whole show. So annoying! Would like to see this show again!
3	This was my second Cirque du Soleil performance and it was just "okay" for me. The most entertaining part of the show was not the performers, it was the massive hydraulic stage!  The way the stage was incorporated into the routines was really neat.  Besides the stage, the pyrotechnics at the end was impressive.  Was slightly disappointed that during the pre-show fireballs were going off, but they weren't used during the actual show.Sat in DD section 201 and had pretty good views of everything.
5	This is my 4th Cirque du Soleil performance after Mystere, O and Zumannity and it rocked!!  We were seated in the 4th row at center stage and enjoyed every minute of the show.The stage, costumes, acrobatics and music were outfuckingstanding!!!The show is worth every $$$$.
5	If you only want to watch ONE Cirque show, make this it! The choreography, the plot, the tricks/stunts. I had a hard time finding anything wrong with it. From when you enter the venue till when you exit. It makes me want to go back to Vegas and catch the other Cirque Du Soleil acts. For those that gave this show a bad review, I'd like to see what they DID give a good review on?!
4	I love Cirque du Soleil shows. Aside from the many high-end restaurants along the Strip, the Cirque du Soleil shows are world-class. I've been to a number of shows in Las Vegas and one in Orlando, FL so KA is probably the second best show I've seen.This is not a water show, but the stage is incredible. It's like the hydraulic stage was part of the cast rather than a platform for the artists to perform on. The storyline was a bit confusing but overall it was a great show.
5	HOLYYYYY SH!!!!!TTTTT !!!  KA is the epitome of a Vegas show. First and foremost, the hydraulic stage was engineering porn.  it raises, lowers, pivots, rotates, and anything else you want.  Pegs shoot out on cue to provide acrobats with grasping points.Like many of the other Cirque du Soleil shows, sitting near the rear has its benefits.  you see all of the action on stage, plus the side action that surrounds the audience.  Sitting up front means you'll have to strain your neck from side to side, up and down to catch all of the show.Another great thing is that there is no real spoken language.  Anyone can sit through it, understand, understand, and enjoy the show.  Speakers built into every seat means the music is always booming in your ears.KA is definitely worth every penny;  I wouldn't need to think twice to watch it again.
5	This was a beautiful show, the story line was clear and easy to follow (you really get into it and start cheering for the good guys).  What's most amazing part of the show was the stage and how it helps to create so many different environments.  I love the details and there were so many OOOOO, AHHHHH moments!  I feel like this is the type of show you can watch over and over and get something new from it every time..
5	For a show with perhaps the most flighty synopsis, Ka is in fact the most down-to-earth. Inspired by Asian and Eurasian mythologies mixed with some bleak futurism, Ka follows a dramatic storyline of royal twins shipwrecked and split apart. Here the stage not only rises and rotates but even turns vertical for several breathtaking scenes making it almost a videogame come to life. With pyrotechnics, fake snowstorms, slapstick and good ol' fashioned shadow puppetry, Ka is easily your best bet for a male friend resistant to trying one of Cirque's artistic shows. No matter how macho, he'd have a hard time not leaving with a smile. The merch is also impressively fashionable.
4	This show was awesome! Complete with cool stunts, music, emotion and a great story. The most impressive part though is the inanimate star of the show, the incredible stage. It raises, lowers and pivots eleventy billion different directions and is quite the engineering feat. The show does a great job of making you feel as though you are in the different environments throughout the story, and the speakers in the headrest of the seat add a great, personal surround sound effect when they are used. Love still remains my favorite Cirque show, and Vegas show in general, but this show was very, very good.
5	What the hell did I just experience?!!! That was my first reaction after leaving KA.  What an awesome show that just made me feel like I was in a dream or something.  Got some $65 dollar tickets at one of the discount booths on the Strip.  We sat way in the back and was actually happy to be all the way in the back because the stage was so damn huge.  There was so much going on that I would have probably not have gotten a chance to experience it the way I did if I was in the front.  Don't let the ticket guys lie to you.  There really are no bad seats. The stage was ridiculous, it was definitely the star of the show.  That thing converted into so many different things like a beach, a boat, a wooden  village, a forest.  It was truly a trip.  The show was amazing.  Definitely kid friendly. Must watch show while in Vegas.  It was truly larger than life
5	Cirque has some really great shows, and Cirque has some pretty lame shows, but Ka is by far its best show.  If you see any Cirque show, this one should be it.  Vegas shows suffer from all style, and no substance, flashy colors, and no soul.  Ka is the exception to this rule.Several of the shows can suffer from their roots of being a circus: sequential acts play out, one by one, strung together with a simple plot, but is interjected with comedic clown acts.  It's a classic structure, but, in this humble critic's opinion, doesn't provide the ethos of a powerful and direct narrative.Ka has a really nice linear plot that you can be immersed in, the acts don't feel patchwork, and the comedic moments are integrated seamlessly into the plot.  It's very well done, beautiful, and worth your time.  If you like feats of daring, movement, beautiful sets and costumes, or a theatre buff, this show accommodates all of these needs.Also, periodically, MGM offers local discount tickets, two for one, buy one get one half off, etc.  So, you can see an amazing show at various prices... bargain hunt and you might really luck out.In all, GO SEE IT!  (It's also gluten free.)
5	YOU. MUST. SEE. KA. If you are debating over this show or that show, blah blah blah...  see KA.I could gush on and on about this incredible experience, but David B. and Kevin L. have really hit the mark - read their reviews!!My only recommendation (besides getting your butt in the door!!) is to sit somewhere in the middle-to-rear of the theater.  I thought I was doing a good thing by scoring some awesome front-&-center seats, but no my friends - you will want to get a good view of the WHOLE picture.   Have fun!!!
4	KA has the most beautiful set of the Cirque shows I've seen. From the moment you walk into the door, you are immersed into the story. I love love love the steampunk feel. KA also has the most coherent storyline and quite an innovative stage. KA is definitely one of the must sees.
5	I was blown away by this performance. The ornate costumes, the effects, the acting and movement - all amazing! I think the story line may be confusing for some, but for those in my party that were confused, the theatrics made up for it.If you can, get front row seats. Definitely worth seeing!
4	Amazing show!!! Unfortunately, I fell asleep thru some of it due to a very long day and having a HUGE dinner at Craftsteak. We watched the 930p show. The arena and set design were massive!!! From what I experienced, the show, costumes, and action scenes were awesome. I was really impressed with everything that was going on throughout the show.I would definitely come back and watch this again. Although, my fav Cirque show remains to be LOVE...
3	Very dark room....I started to doze off so don't go tired.  It was entertaining but not like 5 star, edge of my seat...I did just say I started to doze off (don't tell anyone ok?!).  I wish one of the people I was with that supposedly caught this very simple story line broke it down cuz I missed it...sorry.  So that leaves me to be entertained by the moving stage - that was very cool.  There were some great parts but really....my heart belonged to LOVE at Mirage...just more entertaining and upbeat.  Didn't love KA but I didn't hate it either....
3	This show is "okay" at best! Anybody that knows me would say that I am easily entertained and even then, I wasn't impressed with this show!It is just a bunch of monkey looking creatures climbing walls and a few martial artists in the middle of the stage. Sure, the background is beautiful and the stage is something to see, but the plot sucks!Not going to even lie about, fell asleep for parts of the show because I rather do that and party all night. Waste of $100.
1	Two words......KAKA! Don't get me wrong, it is a beautiful set. Just boring YAWNZZZZZZZZ
2	This show was very disappointing. Having seen Mystere, O, and Zumanity, I was thinking there would be more stunts where you stare in awe that the human body is capable of doing such insane things. The first 2/3 of the show was boring. I even closed my eyes for a few minutes. The plot was confusing. The scenes on the sand with the animals and the finger puppets were cute. The walkways around the audience were really cool looking, and we thought there would be more performances from there. The show finally got good about 20 minutes towards the end when the girl started flipping her baton or whatever it was like mad. My favorite part was when a guy started running on a spinning wheel while jumping rope. He was crazy, and that was exactly what I was expecting from a Cirque show!If you haven't seen any Cirque shows, I would see Mystere or O.
3	The set is stunning! Just like any other Cirque shows, be sure to watch an earlier show. I think it is entertaining although not as unforgettable as Beattles and Mystere. If you are visiting, you must watch several Cirque shows.
2	This show was thoroughly disappointing for me. I judge these types of shows based on 3 categories: story line, acrobatics, and effects. And KA rates poorly in all categories.If I have one thing good to say about KA, it's their ability to make the show look so cool on their posters.
2	i know. i know. there's over 340 reviews, wut else is there to say? nuthin really. i just want to put in my 2 cents that i didn't like the show and was disappointed too }:(. pretty much for the same reasons others were disappointed, like how i wasn't awed by their physical performances. i do martial arts and so i expected more power and ferocity. i wanted ong bak 3! once upon a time in china part 10! but  they were kinda gay, dancy dancy. dude, the guys even had to paint on their own abs!!! wut tha fuck?
3	Unique seats, with speakers in the seats, great sets, costumes, and performers.  Unfortunately, Ka pales in comparison with Mystere or O, although it slightly more highly rated in my mind than Zumanity. The posters and videos shown in the MGM Grand are more impressive than the actual show.
3	Great show in a cool theater. The storyline was okay too. I felt like I wanted more of the usual Cirque du Soleil acrobats, instead of this martial arts fusion angle. The scene where they are like walking up a wall must be extremely hard to do and I have seen some behind the scene show about it, but from the audience's perspective you really don't get it. I think the best part of the show was the "wheel of death", other than that, this show is just A-OK!
5	I should have learned from my first Cirque du Soleil show to just show up incredibly stoned if I ever saw one again :)Just like when I saw "O" I did not understand the story. That said, the stunts were awesome, the show was great, the set was killer.  Highly entertaining, can't wait to see another.
5	The story, stage, and effects here are amazing.  The problem I think previous reviewers might have is that is it is not as obvious as the other shows.Seriously, this is one of the best things I have ever seen live. You HAVE to pay attention and be able to make some jumps in logic, as well as appreciate the fact that it is live music choreographed with a completely rotating stage and pyrotechnics to a deeper Homeric story line.  You are not getting spoon fed your art, as with many of the other amazing or less then amazing (see: Wintuk) Cirque Shows.BTW, its's next door to Rubochon.  That adds another half star.In effect, it's not your typical Vegas show, which might warrant the other reviews.
4	KA is definitely a must see in the Cirque family. The storyline is not too hard to follow for adults. But I can see how it might be a little harder for younger kids to follow the story. Kids just want to see cool stunts anyways. The set design is awesome! The stage seems like it's a performer it does its own tricks. We got there late and had to sit towards the back, which wasn't really a bad thing. The stage is massive so I think all the seats are good. Tip:If you're getting your tickets last minute or the day of the show check out tix4tonight. Sometimes they have good deals for Ka.
4	This show was definitely worth seeing. The storyline is about twins and an adventure of the two of them through various travails. The seats were quite plush and they even had speakers in the headrests, which made it nice to hear all the music. There was no real dialogue to speak of so that wasn't an issue with trying to follow along.The acrobatics were really amazing, but I would have liked even more. It was definitely splashy with the stage opening up and lots of rotating pieces.I think it's a great show to watch if you're in Vegas.
3	Pricey show, a lot of martial arts, an incredible stage, but I kind of zoned out towards the end. A great show for families, the kids will love it, but about zero crowd interaction. If you like martial arts, stunts, and special effects you will like this show.
4	This is a pretty good show. We paid approximately $70, but had to sit pretty far back. When you throw in a huge beer, it makes the show even more crazy. I'm not big into the performing arts, but the acrobats on stage were pretty impressive. The only thing I didn't like about the show is that it was on one platform the whole time. While the images changed and the acting changed, it was difficult to completely understand the story. Overall, it's a great show for a couple to watch. If you're going for a bachelor party, it may not be the best venue. It's best if you appreciate art, music, and shows.
5	Not quite as amazing as "O" but it sure beats Mystere and Zumanity.   Vegas shows are expensive but once you experience Ka, you will understand why they charge so much.The theatre is incredible and the sets are extremely sophisticated.  We got discounted tickets through Tix4Tonight and I didn't bother to buy the Category 1 tickets.  I can understand the benefit of sitting up close but Ka is a 270 degree sensory experience so it's not really necessary get super-close to the performers.For Cirque du Soleil virgins, I recommend a more traditional Cirque show.  However, for veterans of Vegas and traveling Cirque du Soleil shows like myself, Ka is different enough from the others so you don't feel like you're watching the same acts over and over again.  My two favorite parts were not acrobatic at all.  The beach scene with the huge crab, centipede, sea turtle and starfish was cute and captivating.  The shadow puppet act was incredible - never have I ever seen such realistic shadows of animals that express so much emotion. I was constantly wow-ed by the creativity and the quality of the performance.
5	I've only seen Mystere, Le Reve, Zumanity and BlueMan in Vegas. KA is by far the best show ever! My fiance and I came here on Vday. We found tickets on the MGM website for just $63 each for Cat 2. Just like others, I love that KA actually has a story line for us to follow. My fiance used to say "All Cirque du Soleil are the same". Not this time! By the time the show was over he kept telling me how much he enjoyed it =) Now, I just have to convince him to take me to "O".
5	Please don't read any further! Ignore all negative reviews on ka, it was worth every dollar! A must see!!! :)And if u get the chance eat at craftsteak before the show!
4	This show got a standing ovation after wards.  Great story line, amazing and sophisticated set, and lots of acrobatic action. Is this the best Cirque show? Probably not, but it was excellent and worth seeing.
5	Unbelieveable. It was my first cirque show ever, so I really have no idea how it compares, but I am still completely amazed by this show! The stage(s) move every which way with all the actors on them while they are doing amazing things that shouldn't be possible. There is a story line, which I sort of followed, but then just made up the rest in my head as the show went along. I wasn't too far off base when I looked through the Ka companion book after.I also loved the characters! Strangely enough I can't put into words why, but I just did. We got the half off tickets through Tix 4 Tonight, but I would have paid full price for the show and would certainly go see it again. Amazing.
5	This was beautifully done with a balance of some stunts with a storyline. This was definitely theater. Costumes and environments beautiful and various. Vertical stage was a good idea to help transition something from as simple as a wall to reflecting water, to becoming a mountain. I appreciate something as small as them simulating the person falling to the bottom of the ocean with lights and screens to look like water and bubbles and animals. I love the story idea- some of the cirques have story lines, but not as solid as this...they're more of a "theme" in most or mini stories within the theme to do inbetween stunts. It actually was very touching to see this coming of age of two separated twins and who they become. No narration or dialogue here so you just kinda have to fill in the text and connect it yourself.Now this is kinda an objective rant about almost every single Cirque show but I feel like I should say it out somewhere: A lot of people just look at how big are the stunts- but I judge shows overall and in things that some people don't care about or dont know how to appreciate. So long as you do just all crazy crazy stunts and more flashing lights and more and more dazzle thats all they are concerned about. I hear this about every Cirque that it's not enough stunts on reviews and from some people I know (*cringe*). Cirque Du Soleil was made to combine circus  with theater to create a rounded sensory experience and those subtleties will be lost on people who can't appreciate both.  Also, I don't think people realize how hard their job is and how quite a few of these stunts that aren't "complicated" enough for some people actually can easily cost their life (and on a few productions have taken lives of performers). There's some crazy stunts possible to do in movies and even in regular circus where you can have all safety measures in place, but in a live performance theater where you cant have a billion harnesses and pads blocking the aesthetics, it puts it down a level on whats possible and manageable to do safely. Maybe some people who watch too much dazzling stunt TV, not enough theater and arent athletic don't realize how amazing and difficult some of these things actually are. Desensitized to realities so then more impossibility is expected and short attentions of the ADHD generation seems to be more of the problem than the performers. I appreciate the heart and passion of people who give their all, discipline their body and put their art for everyone to see. I recommend this and really any cirque for people who are romantics to the small details in visuals and skip it if you just want dazzle stunts- go to the regular circus and a dinner for the same price as a Cirque ticket.  Gah, I'm just tired of hearing this chimed in all the time of wanting more and more- I worked on the strip and dont anymore because I'm sorry but it gets annoying to hear the bitching about this, I get it enough from tourists I'm unfortunately associated with through blood/friends/etc to just have enough to not rant back finally. Also another mini rant about ticket prices-I get comments that oh they're upcharging so much thats why its too expensive and probably not worth it.  Does anyone realize how expensive to build a theater with all these moving stages and props costs(O theater/ production was financed by Wynn for $100 million!) ? Do you know how much maintenance is? Have you seen how many people it takes to operate the show backstage along with the big casts of people? They don't just get up on stage for 2 shows a night- did you know these people practice and exercise and discipline their stunts daily? It warrants the price to even cover their expenses and make a bit of profit. If it's too pricey by budget- hold out for a sale or a discounted ticket at value ticket booths all over the strip. If you pay full price then your choice to make the call but don't do it if youre not sure this is your thing.A good performance is always good value , but only if it's something you can appreciate otherwise I guess my rant and their performance is all for null. I guess I'm saying is skip it if you don't "get it".
4	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show. I was warned I would walk away in awe, and I did! From the second you walk in they pull you into the performance. The  performers are up in the rafters that line the treater as you find your seats, screaming and yelling to eachother. They walk around and interact with the audience. But BE WARNED, as I was taking a drink of my cocktail, one of the performers jumped on the back of my seat and spilled it all over my new dress : (  I know, Boo Hoo, right? Regardless, it was a great show. I don't want to give too much away, So add this to your "Vegas too do list" and we'll look forward to reading your review in the future.
4	Another amazing show!  I enjoyed Le Reve a little more but this was also a great show.
5	KA was amazing! I loved the beats and music from the entire show! Almost wanted to buy the cd but didn't. I had pretty awesome seats about 10 rows back from the stage. I loved the tribal cultured theme performances throughout the show. It was awesome that they actually took the crowd into a journey through a story in the show. I loved the sets, the costumes, and all of the elements that came together to make a spectacular show. This is a must see! It may be a little pricey but worth every penny.
2	I was very disappointed in Cirque du Soleil - KA. I don't really feel as though I am a very hard person to entertain, but I was not entertained at all during this show. I LOVE Cirque du Soleil- I loved Varekai and La Nouba, but I could not get into this one. I was super excited after seeing the trailer and hearing the music for it, but sadly it did not live up to it's expectations for me. There were parts of the show that were extremely beautiful, but the wow factor of a compelling story line and unreal acrobatic performance was missing.
5	This is the best Cirque show, no doubt.Stage turns upside down, on its side, sand falling like a waterfall, and the amazing actors running up the stage like its butta.That scene alone is unforgettable, along with other remarkable feats that i won't bore u with, but   I was astounded!  Mouth wide open for most of the show.  Spend your money on this one.
1	Save your money.  We all were very disappointed in Ka.  The show was entertaining intermittently.  The acrobatic portion was amazing but for $150 you expect the time to fly by and not find yourself and your friends looking at watches and wishing it were over.  Our friend that has seen all of the cirque shows was so excited for us to see Ka and he apologized for talking us into seeing it.  He didn't like it at all.  The story line was all over the place.....the music was a mess.  We thought that the engineers who designed the stage must be geniuses, but that's it.   Sorry.  I never post bad reviews but, we were all disappointed in the loss of money and an evening.
2	It doesn't take that much to keep me entertained. but for some reason, this show was unbearably boring -_-' I mean, the first half hour was pretty good and overall the show had pretty nice effects. But there was a point when I seriously wanted to fall asleep and wait for it to be over. The story plot, in my opinion, was really hard to understand. And for the parts I actually understood, they were really boring.There's good and there's bad. But the bad wins over the good on this one :x
5	in a word... FANTASTICthis is the second cirque show i've been to. although the first was about 12 years ago in germany I still rememeber it so I had high expectations for this.  and ka by far exceeded what i had in mind for it.the mechanics of the performance were out of this world.  this giant 100ft+ stage that was able to silently rotate and interact with the storyline.  it's weird to think of the stage as a character but ka managed to do just that. ridiculous.the performance itself was just insane.  there are so many scenes going through my mind right now i can't even begin to describe them.  the one to die for performance was by these guys in this human-hampster like contraption rotating it as the did acrobatics in and out of it with no harness.  granted there was an assumed net out of sight i was just inebriated enough to believe for a sec they could fall to their death.  imagine someone trying to jump rope on the frame of a rotating carnival ride.  now imagine that person getting caught in the jump rope mid air seemingly 5 stories from the ground.  spectacular and mind-blowing.for the cost.. i would have expected to pay and would have paid double to see it.  this will definitely be a redo next time i come to sin city.
5	Wow.  Totally engrossing.  Unbelievable staging (I won't give it away, but it is extraordinary).  A constant parade of amazing physical feats.  Fabulous use of the theater for theater-in-the-round staging.  [Apologies - have run out of adjectives.]A typically odd Cirque storyline that is somewhat difficult to follow, and lagged a couple of times, but the action was sustained and kept me holding my breath for oh, roughly, 90 minutes!!Hands down recommendation to see it.  Very, VERY well done.Note: saw this Dec 2009.
2	It's not a good sign when you're looking at your watch during the performance. I must admit I enjoyed the inverted stage scene, but that was the only part that kept my interest.   I wouldn't pay full price.
1	I thought that Viva Elvis was the worst Cirque show I'd ever see until I saw this confusing, convoluted mishmash of boring drivel.Honestly, I'm CANADIAN and I love Cirque du Soleil. I've been watching them perform beautifully for over a decade. What was this? I still don't know what hit me, but I do know that I regret purchasing 4 tickets to this abomination posing as entertainment. Case and point, my guest of honor fell asleep next to me and I didn't have the heart to wake him up.I get that the staging and the feats are difficult and impressive, but they were monotonous and boring to watch. It's amazing how we all see different things though - I respect that other people loved the show.  But in my opinion, there are 100 better things to see in Vegas.
5	Great storyline. Easy to follow plot and characters. The stage is amazing; rotating some 360 degrees. Out of the four Cirque shows I've seen so far in Vegas, this is my favorite. Definitely worth it!
5	Enjoyed this Cirque du Soleil show... had a storyline and the acrobatics during the fight scenes were incredible.... would recommend this cirque show out of them all.
4	Last time I was in Vegas I had a chance to check out KA. I thought that it was a really great show. Not to mention they let you carry in beer and 8 bucks for a huge flat tire beer is not a bad deal. The stage is amazing and the theater itself is a real treat. I have to give some love to my man Mitch at MGM who really hooked me up with some great tickets. If you get the chance drop the 150 per ticket, sit close, get a great date and have a nice night out on the town.
4	My husband is not a Cirque du Soleil fan at all, but this was his favorite show of all time. I love Broadway shows and, as season ticket holders, have dragged him to see more shows than he ever cares to see again in his lifetime. However, he LOVED KA and so did I!Despite seeing other Cirque du Soleil shows that had more acrobatics, which bored my husband to death, KA was simply magical, spectacular, and exciting to see.
5	6/5 stars.Of the Cirque du Soleil/Franco Dragone shows, I've seen Mystere, Love, Zumanity, OVO, Ka, O (2x), Le Reve (2x)My top two favorites are KA and O. I've recommended the two to every single person visiting Las Vegas with limited time/money.. and if they planned to watch others, those two must be enjoyed last to avoid being prematurely desensitized. All Cirques are beautiful & captivating in their own way, but many of us forget how to appreciate things once we've seen/tasted/felt/heard "the best".. Think of the kind of practice and endurance it requires for all Cirque performers to do this twice a day every.single.day. Incroyable.Keep your eyes, ears, and nose ready for a sensational treat.P.S. Book early, get Orchestra Center seats, around 5-15 rows from the stage. For both O and Ka, you don't want to sit too close or you may strain your neck.__________________________________________If you're blessed with the time and money to watch all of the above on your next trip to Las Vegas (or if you regularly visit), I'd say watch them in the following order (saving the best for last): 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - I haven't seen Elvis or Believe, so I'm not sure where they fall in line.
4	This is somewhat different from your typical Cirque show. The story is about a pair of sisters that are seperated by some evil warlords and how they manage to reunite and fight those evil forces. It can be a little difficult at times to follow the story, but the theatrics and visuals are awesome. The stage itself is wondrous the way it moves and tilts while the performers are on it. The show is not all serious as there is also a small segment featuring some sea creatures and some bumbling fools. There are also some features of the show which I have seen in other Cirque shows, so some of it should be familiar. There really is no such thing as a bad seat in this theater. It is set up to where you get a great visual from anywhere. In fact, I think the further back you sit, the better.  Make sure you check on Cirque's website and MGM's website for ticket specials - I was able to get tickets for $66/each on the 12th row.
4	What a gorgeous show and a great first experience with the cirque shows!KA was absolutely beautiful, fun, and interactive.  From the moment you head to the theater to the moment the show starts there are actors greeting and entertaining you.  I thought that seating would take forever because of the amount of people waiting, but it wasn't a long wait at all.  Seating was smooth and fast.  The snack bar is quick, too, so there really isn't any time wasted from refreshments to seating.When you sit down you notice that no matter where you sit, you have a good seat.  For locals the tickets are 49 each not including tax, so call in and make your reservations!  We sat in the UU seats on the aisle, and I thought I was safe, but I was wrong.  One of the actors playing some sort of animalistic worker jumped at me and scared me.  I screamed, but it was all in good fun!The show itself is fun and takes you on a journey of love and loss.  Wonderful acrobats, dancing, and even shadow puppetry!  You must take the time to se this show, because it's worth the price tag regular price or local price.  Have fun!
5	This was probably the highlight of the trip -- it has to be seen to be believed. Le Reve was good, but did not compare -- I could easily see this 20 times and enjoy it each and every time. Definitely should be on the shortest of the short lists when in Vegas.
5	When you walk in, you will be amazed. During my trip there, we had a chat with the taxi driver before we went to the show and he said he didn't want to ruin the show for us, but he can let us know it's all about the staging. It is truly surprising. The stage is bigger than any shows I've ever seen and the main stage is constantly changing to the story. The story line was also great and the special effects was very cool. The performances were unique and looks very intricate. I would not mind watching it over and over again.
5	I have been to a great many cirque shows and this is, hands down, my favorite show in residence. (You have to admit, there's a different level of wonder associated with traveling shows)MGM went all out for this show and I felt like a kid again, staring with excitement out  at the stage.   I can't even pick a favorite part, but the battle scenes were beyond brilliant. If you're in Vegas and looking for a show, I highly recommend this. You're going to spend the money any way, so why don't you put a few down and treat yourself to a beautiful, amazing, colorful experience that far surpasses any of those tired magic shows that lace the strip.You'll be glad you did.Enjoy!
5	Excellent Cirque show, one of the best I have seen and I have seen about 10 different productions.  The stage alone is a star in my opinion for this show.  I was really impressed with the complexity of it's operation.  Very nice story line to the show and some really cool performances.  This one is worth every penny of the ticket price and worth seeing again.
4	I've seen a handful of Cirque du Soleil shows over my adult life, and this is one of the favorites.  It capitalizes on the concept that began in "O"...the idea that the set can be an integral part of the usual Cirque production.   The show is currently in a fantastic theater at the MGM Grand, and ticket were roughly $75 a piece...worth every penny.The show, by its own admission, seeks to combine the usual gymnastics with martial arts, and a story of the "Imperial Twins" coming of age.  The coming of age story is fine, and the gymnastics are OK, but the real show stopper is the stage, which rotated on a single axis, and becomes, at several point, a vertical wall that the actors scale with their usual flair.  It's used as a topographic map of battle fields, a mountain side studded with arrows, and a backdrop for a larger than life bamboo forest.  Several gymnasts also fly over the audience from the ramps on the sides of the theater, and the whole concept of space is rearranged constantly throughout the production.  Pay special attention to the shadow puppet section.  It doesn't sound like much - I would never have believed that shadows of hands would bring me to the edge of my seat - but the skill and imagination in those five minutes reminded me why I love Cirque du Soleil.The music was interesting, but not as moving as "Dralion".  The gymnastics weren't as impressive as "O".  But the overall impact of the show was exciting, and extremely innovative.  It was thrilling to watch.  I just kept wondering how the Cirque directors keep thinking so very far "outside the box" (don't worry, they'll sell you a book on it outside).  The show was roughly 90 minutes, and I wished they had an intermission to whet our appetites a bit, rather than going straight through.  It also would have meant I had a chance to visit the souvenir shop, which was sadly closed after the show - unusual for Vegas to lose out on a chance to make money, but there you are.  All in all, a wonderful show - if you have seen "O", or want a slightly more affordable option, i highly recommend "Ka"!
5	Let me start by saying that I have a fairly high threshold for excellence. Since I live just outside of NYC, we frequently see shows in the city and have grown accustomed to a certain standard of entertainment.In this regard, Ka delivers. It was the most astonishing show I've ever seen. Period.
5	OMG! This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and it was awesome! I have always wanted to see one of these shows and seeing it with my others girls made it even better! I am not good with following shows like this usually, but the music and the movements keep you entrigued! The things that these people do are amazing and I give them a great deal of credit for their talents. They are in a class of their own!I recommend this show to anyone! I cant wait to see the others!
2	This show was exactly " Meh, I've experienced better." 2stars.We got comped tickets with very great seats and since its a cirque show i thought it would be good since i was impressed with their other shows.This was definitely a waste of our evening. The show is about 1hr 30 minutes but it felt like eternity. The show just lags and seems to be a mumbo jumbo or story lines and scenes.Maybe i'm slow and can't catch on the story... I thought i understood what this show was about until all this other stuff comes along and some wierd nature animal stuff then i was SO lost. Some parts of the show is just LONG and redundant to the point it's annoying. The fireworks were nice i guess...If this was your first cirque show i would've probably been impressed but if you are going to spend money on shows, i would rather reccomend the "O" at the Bellagio. Or go for something with humor such as Zumanity.
3	I feel asleep.... it wasnt that good... some of t he stunts were cool.. but other than that... it was okay
5	This was my 2nd time watching the show. Well I watched it back in June of 2008 and had center middle row seats. It was absolutely amazing. I loved it from the pre-show clowns to the finish and the amazing stage. To sum it up. The show, music, actors, ambiance made for an unforgettable experience. Go see this show!!!!!
5	The best Circue du Soleil show ever made and I have seen a few. Must see.
1	We were really excited to see KA and it started out interesting, but quickly went downhill.  If you've seen other Cirque shows and liked them, there's a good change you'll be disappointed witht his one.Don't get me wrong, there were a few impressive scenes, but the majority lacked the breathtaking acrobatic stunts and was mostly filled with a story line that was hard to follow since they spoke in "ka" and WAY too many sword fights.  The only good scene was the jungle-tarzan-esque scene.  All in all it was 90 minutes that seemed like an eternity for all 4 of us.  I think I almost fell asleep 4 times, which is really disappointing because I've really enjoyed all the other cirque shows that i've seen.  Skip this one and pay the extra money to go see O.
5	Here's a helpful hint... Plan your Vegas trip around the time when Expedia gives out 2 free Cirque tickets if you book three nights hotel with airfare. I've done it twice and it is SO worth it! Yes, I know I live within driving distance to Vegas but I dread that hangover ridden slow crawl back to the OC so much that I am wiling to pay a couple extra bucks to fly. On to the review...Hands down the best Cirque show in Vegas and I've been to all of the ones worth going to... Hubby and I got free tickets and were a little worried about what our seats would be like... They were AWESOME! About 10 rows up from the front, aisle for me (yay!) and the lady at the will call told us that had we paid for them they would have been worth $175 each. Score!The show was incredible. The stage was seriously the coolest thing ever. It is huge and angles up so that it is almost straight up and down. The stunts and acrobatics were amazing. I wasn't bored for a second! Unlike other Cirque shows I could follow the story line. Bonus! The drinks they serve up are ridiculous. Huge and so full of alcohol that if you aren't careful you'll quickly be on your ass. Don't worry. I was fine. I still have that huge cup though (I use it for water now). Go see this show. Even if you have to pay full price for it. You will NOT be disappointed!
5	This was my first and only Cirque Du Soleil show that I have ever been tooOo,. I was at aweee, jaw dropping and sweaty palms throughout the whole show.  I had row L tickets, smack in the middle,. VIP seating for $165 a piece,. good thing my buddies are high rollers and we had them discounted. ;)  We were practically the only one in our row,. The seats are padded with built in speakers,. you can feel and see all the action; no matter where you are looking within the stage,.  I don't want to reveal much but it takes a lot of skills and practice to perform with no error.  I love how the performers are filled with confidence in the skills they possess and how they value SAFETY FIRST! After being spoiled and sitting so close to the stage,.. I think the tickets are well worth it, even if it would mean I have to pay full price for them next time.  If you sit all the way in the back,. "yes you can see everything, yes you can see the stage",. but you can't see and feel the facial expressions of the performers and you're missing out on the little details that you can ONLY see upfront.  Sitting in the back, reminds me of watching a basketball game, where all the players below you are tiny and you just rely on the big screen tv to watch all the action.  You hear the crowd goo "AWWWE" and you wonder what you missed?! It was the smaller details you can't see on TV,. do you catch my drift?!    anywho,..I WANT TO SEE ALL THE CIRQUE DU SOLEIL SHOWS,.. I will be back LAS VEGAS :)
5	This was my first Cirque du show and it was KAmazing! KaTastic!We bought tix the same day at a Tix For Tonight booth. The seats were stage left 4 rows short of nose bleeds for $80 a pop (usually $100+). We got there a little early and grabbed drinks, a 32oz Vodka Tonic to be exact, oh yeah! I only wished I had gotten popcorn (once I got inside someone next to us had one and it smelled yummy). Now to the show- I am going to be honest given the crazy rotating stage and spectacular acrobatics the nose bleeds were great seats. What is the best way to view the golden gate bridge? Next to it or from across the way? Across the way! You get my point. This is art on a rotating stage with custom made seats made for your viewing pleasure. I loved it! This was a perfect first; I can't wait to check out another Cirque du Soleil show!
5	Hands down the best performance I have ever seen in person. Although this is only the second Cirque show I have seen, I have attended several sports, music, and fine arts events, and this is easily the most memorable event. Although tickets are rather expensive, there are discounts available online if you look hard enough. I recommend searching slickdeals before purchasing. My family bought tickets off of a slickdeals.net post, and they were $270 for three tickets about six rows away from the stage. Although that is not cheap by any means, the face value of the tickets are significantly higher. It was an amazing spectacle and worth every penny. Every person in the show gave a brilliant performance. (Note: for a preview, I would recommend going on Youtube to see what the hype is about). If you have any appreciation for the performing arts, I highly recommend you see this show. I would definitely see this show again in the future.
5	Saw it again and still amazed at the performers and the stage!  WOW!
3	Everyone MUST watch a Cirque du Soleil at least once in their lifetime.I on the other hand have been fortunate enough to have attended about 5 of them :)I just seen KA last night and as well as all the CDS show's it was spectacular. I have to admit that this was probably my least favorite out of all the shows that I seen, don't get me wrong it was still a great show but the others have been better. The story line was a bit slow in the begining, somewhat confusing at times and not as entertaining as all the other shows. However, the stage setup and special effects were beyondddd anything I have ever seen. They have this rotating stage that morphs into different kind of settings and help set the mood. It's a great show, just not one of their best.
5	Fantastic and unique even for Cirque du Soleil.  I'm not sure which is my favorite Ka or O.  Ka has a story line, exciting music, great acrobatics.  I was spellbound from the moment I sat four rows in front of stage - or actually a pit from which burst of fire emanated.The technology was also a star in this performance: a stage which rotated and actually turned vertically.  The circus purists may frown upon the excessive use of grandiose machines, but for me the engineering feats added to incredible impact of the show.   I will definitely see this show again.
3	My second show I've seen at Las Vegas. First was Le Reve @ the Wynn, and now Ka. I still haven't seen O. Personally I liked Le Reve better than Ka, but that doesn't mean Ka sucked. Ka was good in its own way. We had awesome seats, first row of section 202, $165 each. If you are planning to watch this show, don't pick seats that are too close to the stage because you wont get a good view of the overall performance.5 stars for amazing set/ stage!3 stars for performance, a few mess ups and not as many jaw dropping stunts as Le Reve. Over all enjoyment, I'll give it a 3.5 our of 5. If I the beginning wasn't as slow I would have given it a 4.
5	One of the best shows on the strip.This Cirque du Solei show was one of the first shows on the strip with a storyline and they do a pretty good job (with the exception of Tarzan). The rotating stage was jaw-dropping and some of the sound effects in the seats made it feel like I'm on a ride at Disneyland (well, kinda).Good: What a show. Discounts are sometimes available for this one.Bad: Prices are steep on this one.Final: Go watch it! Now!
4	of all the Cirques in vegas, this one is stunning. think of the movies: "crouching tiger, hidden dragon" meets "pan's labrynth" - a visually stunning, artsy, action packed story of two young princes.martial arts. check.cirque acrobats. check.orchestra score. check.feats of skill and amazement. check.storyline. corny at times, confusing at times, complicated at times.if you are going to see a cirque show in vegas, you cant go wrong with either this, KA - O - or Mystere.
4	I did like this show.  It's not my first Cirque show so it was a bit of a transition.  There's a story line they follow.  It seemed a bit slow & dance-y to me at first.  I LIKED that, but I wasn't sure my husband would.  (He said he did.)  It really got moving & got in the true "Cirque" stuff (see: moving stage) and it would've been 5 stars in my book if that had been the whole show.I did really enjoy it.
5	Wow. This was the first thing that came to my mind when I entered the auditorium. It is huge and beautiful. You can tell that Cirque du Soleil spent a lot of money on the production.The show was awesome! I liked how the stage rotates, and the storyline was good. It was a bit confusing at time, but wikipedia helped fill in the blanks. The acrobatics were also cool.My husband and I got some good seats. There was a promotion for $55 tickets for the summer shows, and we were close to the front. Even though we were at a side angle, we were able to see clearly. Let's quit our jobs so we can all do some acrobatics and join the circus!
5	I love Cirque du Soleil shows. I have seen just about every traveling show and Mystere in Vegas. This was a very unique show. It was almost like sensory overload!  We left the show saying WOW! Our seats were 10 rows from the front and you could feel the fire from the stage! We had actors standing right next to us. One even was sitting on top our seat during the show! The stage is amazing and worth seeing just for what it can do.
3	This was my 3rd CDS show. I got kind of addicted after seeing "O" in Las Vegas about 2 years ago, and I hope to see more of them (next on my check list is "LOVE"). However, I would say of the 3 that I've watched, Ka was probably my least favorite. Maybe I expected too much, but I left the show a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the rotating stage and the beautiful theatre were spectacular, but the show wasn't really what I expected after watching the other two. Since I believe this is the only CDS show with a full plot-line, I think it is much more dramatic than the other 2 that I've seen. The pre-show was all about scaring the audience, instead of making them laugh. I was missing the light-heartedness and the comedy that I have enjoyed with other CDS shows. The plot-line was a bit slow and I couldn't help but think that certain aspects of the show were just cliche. Although the performers were good, everything was focused on the plot-line, and it seemed like it jipped the audience on other aspects. I missed all of the jaw-dropping stunts and acrobatics I've seen with their other shows. The martial arts were just mediocre and I really wanted more.That being said, my friends that went with me really did enjoy the show. For one of them, it was his 2nd CDS show, and the other 2 it was their very first. So, I guess maybe it's just because I've seen the others and now I have more to compare it to. I would just have to say that this show wasn't what I was expecting, and for that reason, I didn't really leave satisfied.I still think that if you're going to fork over the cash to watch a CDS show in Vegas, go see "O" at the Bellagio. Even though the tickets for "O" were super expensive (especially compared to "KA", since I got the summer special for $55) and never discounted, it was worth every penny, and I would pay to go see it again. "KA" not so much...
4	I was very impressed after watching my first Cirque du Soleil show this week. We found a great deal online for summer shows and got to sit in row E for over 70% off the regular price. I not only enjoyed the skilled and talented acrobats, but I was also amazed by the mechanics behind the rotating stages and platforms. I also can't believe one guy is in charge of all that cork sand. While the show as a whole was great, it did have its low points. I didn't really see how the cartoon-like humor fit into the overall style during the beach scene. The plot was also very weak as the show was more about its flashy jumps and acrobatics than the storyline. I thought there would also be more pyrotechnics - the balls of fire prior to the start of the show were misleading. But, these low points were overshadowed by the stunts done on the amazing rotating stages. I loved the use of arrows throughout the show. If you can score a good deal, this show is a definite must see. By the way, I can't get the catchy soundtrack out of my head either.
3	You won't see a lot of acrobatics, and there is a short narration in English at the beginning, so it's not the best for guests with limited English comprehension.  Of the three shows we saw in Vegas -- O, Ka, and Mystere, I would rank O first, Mystere second (there's no longer a man in a diaper), and Ka third.  Helpful tip:  if you have time before your trip, join the Cirque Club online for special promotions and check Travelzoo before you buy tickets.  If you can't find any good deals, buy same-day tickets at Tix 4 Tonight (search Yelp for tips on T4T).
4	On a recent trip to Vegas, my bf and I decided to watch KA (my first Cirque show in Vegas!). Originally, I wanted to see O, but ticket prices were ridiculous; KA was much more reasonable.I thought the show was great! I loved how versatile and dynamic the stage was -- as a ship, a sandy beach, and a board with pegs, to name a few of the sets. The entire show was incredible and captivating; there was always something visually stimulating to observe. I can't wait to go back and see my next Cirque show! :)-L.
5	pretty cool production, out of this world stage, awesome creativity, a definite must-see in vegas! can get at least 30% off tickets from www.tix4tonight.com. probably can find a better deal than that but that's where we got our tix from. definitely have to see the rotating stage!
2	This was my first Vegas show. The concierge at our hotel told us it was excellent and booked us seats.The theater was HUGE and really nice, but the show wasn't too impressive. Like some said, "some parts where dragged out longer than necessary" and the storyline was hard to follow at times. It just didn't keep my attention and I found myself being bored or thinking about something else a lot. The fireworks were great though! I don't suggest seeing this show if you've seen others because it would probably feel like a waste of time.
5	I give this show 5 stars more for the experience I had in seeing it. I was lucky enough to be a friend of a friend and was able to see the show for free from the musicians booth. Which is kinda under the stage. It was a whole new perspective on seeing a Cirque show..which I have seen a few now.The musicians and opera singers were all around me doing their "magic". Some were onstage performers as well and would have to dash off onstage. Very cool to have been part of such a wonderful show. I wore headphones and was able to see the show from the front and backstages on multiple screens. It was by far one of the coolest evenings I have ever had for sure!If you know anybody in these shows make sure to get the hook-up!! Its sooo worth it!!
5	I really enjoyed this show. The characters really popped out in terms of other Cirques. I've watched O, LOVE, and Kooza at this point so I've gotten the idea that each Cirque has a unique flavor to it. I happen to like Ka's very much. Ka is really CDS' version of a dramatic play/opera. That might not sit well with others who are expecting stunts left and right, because Ka's focus is on its storytelling. I love the music too, epic!Overall I was very satisfied coming out of the show. I also would recommend reading the character bits before the show. I think not knowing that the twins were a girl/boy set really confused my friend...who spent the majority of the show looking for a brother set and didn't realize it until they coupled with the other characters.
5	Like any other Cirque du Soleil show, KA is amazing! Less expensive than O but will still leave you fascinated.I truly enjoyed the whole show, even though the whole time my friend kept trying to talk to me about how much money spent to create the show, and how hard it is to build such an amazing stage and visual effects. Note to self: Never go with that friend again.
5	Ka was the only Cirque du Soleil show (not counting the Beatles or Elvis tributes) I haven't seen, mostly because tickets were so hard to get and so expensive...until we finally sucked it up and saw it this weekend.Man, oh man, after all these years, why'd I have to be so cheap?  This show is worth every freakin dollar!!!  Without spoiling it, the show is expensive because they're still probably paying off the architect for the stage that was built for this show.Ka is seriously a must see show.  I almost want to say it's better than "O" but that's impossible.  I will however say, Ka is 98.9% close to kickin "O" from it's #1 spot, in my own opinion of course. ;)
5	Well, the gf has been longing to see a Cirque Du Soleil show for a while now, so i decided to take her to one this past wknd. I was speculating to watch Zumanity or KA. I ended up taking her to see KA on 7/3 @ 930. I was not expecting much out of this show despite the great reviews. Needless to say, the show was spectacular!!! We were blown away by KA. This is definitely a MUST SEE. It was our first CDS show. Although towards the end the story was a bit hard to follow at times, the stunts, choreography, stage, effects and music were awesome!!! It was like watching a movie enacted right before your eyes. My gf and I loved it. We are definitely down to watch it again!
5	The only other Cirque du Soleil show I've seen is O and everyone has said that is THE show to watch and nothing can compare to it. So I walked into this show expecting.. nothing. I honestly didn't think there would be any other Cirque du Soleil show that would come close to O, but I was wrong! I enjoyed KA a bit more than O, because there's a story line. I didn't think it was a hard story line to follow at all. But maybe that's because I have a short attention span...?  The performers are just as talented as the O performers and you won't leave feeling disappointed!Btw, don't get freaked out when performers start jumping over your head and seats while screaming.
5	The best Cirque show that I have ever seen. Its the only show that has a continuous story line that is easy to follow and is not just different acrobatic acts mushed together. Worth the price. The stage is phenomenal. It moves around and also goes vertical! There are also speakers in the chairs that you sit in. Makes the show more enjoyable. I am so glad that I took the boyfriend here. This is one show I will never forget. It will totally tug at your heart strings (the beginning especially).
5	My first Cirque de Solie show and I must say I was rather impressed! I was a little weary with it being a circus and all but since Ka is known for having an easy storyline to follow...it was great! The ushers we so in character and the atmosphere was just great! I'll definitely see another show next time we're in Vegas!
3	This is only our 2nd Cirque show. Was good......we were expecting a little more acrobatic show. I wish I would've read through the reviews more thoroughly. Compared to Zumanity.....Zumanity is WAY better!  We can't wait to come back to Vegas & see Mystere......we were told it has more action.  KA has a very nice storyline, more of a theater show.  We took the kids (age 10 & 11) & they LOVED it!  Register as a Player's Club member at the MGM for B1G1Free tix!!  It was cheaper w/the Player's Club deal for 4 of us than with the 40% discount for staying at The Signature Suites.  It was a good show, the rotating stage is cool, but just lacked a lot in acrobatics.  CDS did a great job w/the promos.......looks like it's more action packed than it is.
5	One of mine & the bf favorite Cirque. The first Cirque with a story. It's truly an experience.  We've seen this show twice.  The second time I took my mom to the show and she loved it.  The story, set and costumes were amazing.  My favorite act was the circle cages - it was fantastic.  The stage itself was part of the cast and part of the story.
5	Lots of reviews with all the details so I'll keep this brief.Husband and I both enjoyed this...me more than him. He felt the music was too loud or something...not sure exactly what the problem was...I felt it was appropriate for the story line. Speaking of the story line, if you like to go in knowing the story so you can follow more intricately, there is a great write-up on wikipedia.In Vegas, we have seen Mystere, now Ka, and next year are planning on O. I am a total Cirque fan. :)
5	Fabulous. This was me n the bf's first vegas show, EVER. I don't know how we will ever watch a normal show on a normal stage again. Life Changing. Take advantage of the summer cirque de soleil discount (google it!) while you can.
5	Wow!I enjoyed this performance immensely: stunning set design, creative special effects (i.e. that they could actually pull off a scene that shows one of the characters diving into the ocean to rescue someone sinking into the depths below), unbelieveable acrobatics, and the cool, dark aesthetic undertones of the entire show.I would see this show again in a heart beat and it inspired me to purchase tickets for a second cirque show during the same trip.If you go to this show, you won't regret it. The only downside is that when watching the awe-inspiring onstage talent of the Ka performers, I could not help but view the earlier events of my day a little differently. For some reason, gorging on cheap buffet food, playing nickel slots, and floating motionless in the lazy river makes me feel just a TAD like a waste of space compared to someone who can jump rope with one hand while maintaining balance on a rotating platform.
4	KA is about a brother and sister growing up and you can see how they fall in love and such. The effects were awesome and the show kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I loved this show. The only thing wasn't too fond of was the fighting scenes. This show is well worth the money. They had love, comedy, action, and much more. The effects was beyond amazing.
2	Not one of the best Cirque du Soleil shows out there. I think the only reason I was able to sit and watch the entire show without falling asleep was because I was really buzzing by the time I got in the theater. I was only impressed by the revolving stage which is a floor stage and can be tilted and manipulated to become a wall. The other impressive moment in the show was when one of the performers was running on top of gigantic spinning wheel while jump roping at the same time.Other than that, I was actually quite disappointed.  I thought KA was all about fire and flames.  We only experience that here and there in bits.  At the end of the show, there was a finale of spinning sparklers which blinded me more than anything.  Not to mention, I was confused most of the time as to what the storyline was about.  It was kind of a "watch as you go and use common sense" feeling.
4	Saw this show last week. Turns out I know one of the lighting techs, so I was actually paying attention to little details as much as possible. It sounds like depending on when you see the show, it might be slightly different. A friend of mine who saw it near its beginning asked if there were ninjas at the beginning of my show. I said no, they were more like pirates, doing lots of swinging and swirling around. His were hugely acrobatic, mine were not, so that's interesting, I know they have to keep it fresh somehow. I think I am kind of a Cirque purist, in that as much as I enjoy the crazy theatrically technical stuff they can do, I would really just rather watch people do over-the-top physical stuff. Unfortunately, KA only has about 20 minutes of truly amazing physical feats. For me, there is just too much plot. I'm not really at a Cirque show to see a story, especially a story that is occasionally abandoned, (um, where did all these random green creatures come from?) That was actually one of my favorite scenes, but it was a giant non sequitur save from the fact that the girl meets her future, very glittery, husband. The stage and such truly are incredible- it does very amazing things. Again, though, there are times when the stage is shown off more than the people. The scene were the performers basically climb the stage with all the arrows, (this is after there is a fight scene on this wall. This is in the Arctic scene), is nice and all, but I mean, they are hooked up to a cable while they do this hand-over-hand climbing. It was one of those moments where I thought, hell, I could do that. Not as easily, of course, and not as quickly, but that's just not something I want to say when seeing a cirque show.Again, the truly acrobatic things were amazing, but I don't think I'd really care to see it again. I was really excited to see the martial arts involved but they were SO stylized, it was more like dancing. I think it was totally worth seeing, but once is enough.
4	Good show i enjoyed it! I still think o is better, but this was good a performance too.
5	I loved this show! It was my 2nd Cirque du Soleil show (the first one was O), and this one really blew me away. I was sort of expecting all the acrobatics stuff (don't get me wrong, they were fantastic in that regard too!), but what really amazed me was the stage set. It's truly one of a kind, you would not see anything like it outside of Vegas. The music was also great, it really heightened the excitement. I would see this show again in a heart beat!! It's kind of pricey, but well worth it!
4	We received 2 free show tickets when we booked our trip and decided on this show. We were very happy with our choice! To be honest I had no idea what to expect but the show was absolutely incredible - it had our attention the whole time. The stage moved in ways we didn't know possible - it became a climbing wall at one point - and all of the performers blew us away. Upon arrival they ask if they can take your picture and after the show all pictures are available in a booklet for purchase. Plus, if you buy one of their large Cirque cup cocktails, you can get a refill for half-price. Great deal and great cranberry & Grey Goose cocktails.Only complaint was that the washroom was closed immediately following the show but I can understand why - they were getting ready for new patrons to enter.To be fair, the only other Cirque show I've seen is Zumanity, but I'd recommend this one to my friends.
5	Love it.Good Music, Good Staging, Good Story Line.Not exactly the most acrobatic but such a great show.
5	I recently took my three nephews to this show and they spent the whole time leaning forward in their seats taking in the action.  It was a huge hit that they kept raving about afterwards.It is amazing how well the show told a story without any dialogue.I had opted for some of the cheaper seats towards the back, but the theater is small enough, we could see everything fine.  I can understand that it would be fun to be a little closer to better see the facial expressions, but I really would not want to be in the first 5-10 rows.  There is action to the sides and high above the stage that may be difficult to enjoy if you are too close.I would highly recommend this show and would not mind seeing it a second time.
2	Description: Run-downed.  After watching O and Le Reve a couple years ago I figured let's watch KA, since it was a staple of MGM and close to Aria.  The performers dropped their weapons, the special effects were outdated.  After doing a Wiki on KA, the show is 5 years old; no wonder.The only cool part is the inverted stage. And the soothing music.
5	This is by far my favorite Cirque show to date - though I understand some would tend to disagree. As many of the reviewers already mentioned, the amount of acrobatics is less but the trade-off is that you get more of a plot and storyline that follows the happenings of a brother and sister who are separated and go on their own adventures. The effects are much more prominent in this show, which of course serves to distract from the lack of acrobatics but a good show is a good show and this is absolutely a GREAT show to come watch. It is animated for the eyes and the effects keep your attention. The seats are also a lot better because they have the sound speakers coming right out of your chair. I love all Cirque shows for the different element they bring. This almost Asian-themed performance was beautiful, more heartfelt than the others and kept attention very well. Comparatively, Mystere was an oddball that was just weird and unique but in a good way - Love was an homage to the Beatles and since I love the Beatles, the music put to the backdrop of acrobatic performances was a thrill to my senses. Zumanity was my least favorite, it was a little awkward for my taste because of all the attempts at sexual interpretation.
5	After seeing O at the Bellagio, I was excited to see KA at the MGM Grand. And I was not disappointed. It can get a bit crowded when everyone was waiting before the doors opened, but once you get in the theatre it is an amazing sight. We had seats towards the back of the theatre in the middle which was great for seeing all the action. The show was simply amazing. Some of the stunts they performed were just CRAZY! I was pretty much on the edge of my seat the entire show. The main stage that could go vertical was really cool. Some of the scenes made you forget that these performers are actually dangling in the air. Even without dialogue, the story was really easy to follow and was very entertaining. After seeing KA, I don't know which Cirque du Soleil show is my favorite, but KA is an excellent choice.
5	Amazing.  Way different than the rest of the shows.  Ka takes place in a beautiful theater with very comfortable seats.  No break during the show so get everything before going in.
4	Oh talk about a show! I loved it, at first I was somewhat a little hesitant on going, just because an associate said he wasn't into it, although his girlfriend said it was very good...but I loved it, my boyfriend was very satisfied, my brother and his gal were thrilled. Great show, the only reason why they are not receiving 5 stars from is because I would've loved it to last a little longer. FYI 40 off military and MGM guests, I don;t know about students and 50% off MGM high rollers! Yeah discounts baby! I say buy your tickets at the box office than internet!
4	There really is a Cirque du Soleil show for every taste in Las Vegas.  Ka is the most narrative and story-driven of all the shows.  It is not the spectacle of "O" nor the whimsy of Mystere nor the steaminess of Zumanity.  It certainly is not like the musical tribute to the Beatles that "Love" is.Ka is the story of two Imperial twins separated by treachery, who come of age in their journey to reunite and to restore their legacy.  It's the easiest and most focused of the Cirque plots to follow.  There is a martial theme to the story and the stunts and dance are influenced by Wu Shu.  As a companion put it, "This is Cirque du Soleil for boys".  I couldn't agree more.As with all the LV shows, there really isn't a bad seat in the theatre and sitting back a bit actually helps with some of the scale of the stunts and effects.All and all, this is my favourite of the Cirque shows in Vegas.  It's compact plot is not as reliant on special effects and it moves along nicely.  It's old enough that discount tickets are regularly available and on that basis, I see it every time I run through town.
3	I'm not the target demographic for this. Most of the crowd who was there LOVED it and gave the performers a standing ovation.  It started off really slow and boring, but around the 10 minute mark there started to be some cool shit.  I would say 30 - 40% of the "acts" were cool while the others I could do without. Parts of it were also visually stunning.Favorites were shadow puppets and the guys running on the wheel jump roping.
4	I'm not really a big Cirque person. Sure they're entertaining but for the price you pay, I'd just as soon go to a nice restaurant than see people swing through the air with the greatest of ease.Having said that this is my 2nd Cirque show (my 1st being LOVE - which was a disappointment). For the most part, I was impressed. The set design was pretty amazing. My favorite parts were the pinball scene, the shadow puppets and for some reason, the chick with the baton with homeboy in the background making weird longing poses.Definitely parts that just dragged on. I think it could have been a good 30 minutes shorter but I guess they have to fill in for plot. That part with the shiny Tarzan with the thong? I couldn't stop laughing - like, this girl is supposed to fall in love with HIM?I didn't pay full price - I think it was $62.50 for my ticket and at that price, I feel like I got my money's worth. If I had to pay the typical $150 regular priced ticket (like I did for LOVE) - not so much.
5	I consider myself a "Cirque" enthusiast, so I was happy to scratch another one of the Vegas shows off my list.I didn't know what to expect from "Ka".  There's always a certain idea of a whimsical, fanciful trip to be had during the show, but you always wonder what each new show will specifically bring to the table.The stage itself is impressive.  From looking like a ship as you're walking into the theater, to a theater that looks vaguely reminiscent of the Ewok Village from "Return of the Jedi", the setting is elaborate.The show itself is wonderful.  I do not believe in divulging plot details out of courtesy, but even a "Cirque" veteran like myself was left saying "Wow" a few times.  The level of technical detail left my jaw hanging open.  For a seemingly small stage, they manipulate the setting in ways that I didn't think were possible.Of course, the costumes are great, the music is wonderful, as are the stunts and the overall storyline.  While there are certain themes seemingly presented in all "Cirque" shows, they still have a tendency to surprise, from epic and elaborate, to unassuming and charming."Mystere" is a beautiful show with its surreal dreamscapes.  "Love" captures me with the music and my general Beatles fandom.  "Ka" is simply breathtaking as it seems the most daring and (dare I say) dangerous looking stunts so far.  It's is well worth the viewing, and highly recommended.
3	Just okay. There were a few memorable scenes and stunts, but KA is nothing compared to the other Cirque shows in Vegas (namely, LOVE!)The other Cirque shows usually involve a circular stage whereby the audience sits around the stage and the acrobats showcase a full-on production and make complete use of the air space. This one lacked creative use of all the open air space in the theater and limited the show to just the front stage area. Best scene: when the main platform tilts and rotates and warriors begin to attack by shooting arrows at the tilting platform. The acrobats then use those "arrows" to hover around the stage.
4	I went to see KA this month while in Vegas and I loved it.  This particular Cirques du Soleil in my opinion is very traditional compared to the rest.  You can actually follow the story and it has a plot you follow without feeling psychedelic.  This one has a lot of martial arts move, awesome stage layout, and some acrobatic moves but not as much compared to the other once in my opinion but in general it provides an awesome performance.  It is worth seeing it at least once, you won't be disappointed.FYI:  good seats can cost around 150.00 and I usually go to smartervegas.com to purchase good deals, but I usually never see good deals for KA there so I randomly typed in summer special on KA on google.  It took me to the site where I was able to get 3 seats for 50.00 each.  When I looked through MGM site straight I couldn't find it, but when I typed summer special it directed me to this site.  My seats were in the front about 10th or 12th row and it was awesome. It just made it that much special. So for those planning on getting tickets before you purchase full price give this a try.  Just a thought!
5	WOW! This was amazing. Amazing! I was so impressed. The whole thing was so impressive. It's hard to describe how good it was without giving away too much. I think the surprise factor increases the enjoyment. It was super super good. The last time I was in Vegas I saw Zumanity. Zumanity was good. Ka was OUTSTANDING!
3	Ive seen 3 Cirque shows now and this is my least favorite of the 3. At the other shows (Ive seen OVO and Zumanity) I had a giant grin and laughed and had a raging awesome time. This show though, seemed kindof lacking. I actually almost fell asleep in the middle of it. I didnt really follow the storyline, and I was kindof bored. No really fantastic acrobatics or crazy imaginative costumes.  The stage was pretty cool though, how much it morphed into different things and had the 3d type look to it.
1	Wow!  Let's just say I'm super disappointed!  I've seen this show now five times over the past four or five years.  Of the 5...the past four were mild to great.  They've toned the show down so much and now have less experienced talent than before.  I'm sure there's more than one cast but I've always seen a very talented cast.  Sooo...every time I've seen the show they've changed it more and more.  Pretty much for the worst.  This last time was so unbelievable how bad it was I wanted my money back.  After politely contacting Cirque they do not bother to respond.  So now...the gloves come off!  Wow....Cirque!  You're really something else.  Another big company that doesn't give a rats _ _ _ about our hard earned money!   They take your $168 per seat and give you a show now that's so bad...really take my advise...do not go see it.  You'll be sorry!  I feel bad for the very talented performers mixed with other folks, notice I didn't say other performers, that just stand there and look pretty.  What a disappointment for someone that works so hard and proud to be a part of something so spectacular to just end up having a "bla" cast to work with.Let's talk about the show.  Back...oh...I would say four or five years ago when I saw the first show.  Wow!  I was really on the edge of my seat.  Let's compare the differences from then to now.First...opening sequence.  Before no narration...now there is.  Not needed really.  I have no judgment either way.Second...the rotating stage comes out of the "Void" where it appeared to be a ship with rowers. This turned into a ritual scene.  This involved multiple people doing acrobats, sword stunts, spear stunts and let's say lots of action and energy.  So much happening you would want to come back and watch again to catch what you missed.  The next three shows pretty much the same.   However, this last show...wow...people just standing on the stage on both sides while one so called performer twirls a stick and occasionally slaps it on the ground.  My head was nodding like you see some folks in church.  I was really really very unhappy with what I saw.  My niece and nephew were like...huh?  What's all the hoopla?  Great music but no action to match.  Something just did not add up here.Third...the long haired villain, which I've always liked.  He was so much fun even though he was the bad guy.  He was not there this evening but they replaced him with a far less experienced person.  Notice again I did not say performer.  This guy did not even climb on the wall near the battle scene towards the end of the show.  To make matters worse, near the end of the battle scene, the "emperor" (guy in yellow shoes) falls in pain due to one of his warriors, one of many dies.  What?  My niece and nephew said the same thing.  What's so important about the regular fighter?  It just didn't have the energy there had it been the villain.  In the past four shows, when the villain is defeated and fallen...the stage rotates with theatrical fog, lights, and music to match.  The emperor comes over to comfort his fallen com-rad as the stage rotates downward into the void.  A scene that stuck with me from the beginning.   This time it just lost it's energy and for my niece and nephew they were confused as to what the point was.Fourth, the jungle scene...in the past the jungle music always began with the scene.  This time...the jungle scene was about over when the jungle music came on.  Later when we were discussing the show my niece and nephew said...oh was that a jungle?  Duh...Cirque...music is really key to a production.  You know that!  The jungle scene was followed by the air ballet for lack of a better way to describe.  These two individuals put on a stellar performance.  She's nicely shaped and petite and he's very strong.  Fake long hair.  Oooopppss...I think I'm going bald!  The Mexican wheel stuntmen always put on a absolute hair raising performance.  You always hear the audience gasp and a super cheer for them.  Applause to you guys!!!Fifth...the rotating stage.   During the scene where there are supposed arrows hitting the ground.  They simulate this with spikes or stems that come up from the rotating stage floor.  With semi slip shoes and these spikes they used to rotate the stage really fast with the performers moving all over.  This included folks falling into the void.  That was really crazy to watch.  This last time though...wow...they just chase each other and some falling with the stage moving ever so so slow.  When the stage did speed like in the past, everyone just hung on to the spikes and or edge.  Acting like they're trying to keep from falling off.  Really not exciting at all.I could keep writing but I think I've given Cirque too much of my time and money.  Bottom line is..they have this spectacular stage, theater, and music but the actors are not always up to providing the best performance possible.  Cirque has lowered it's standards, not prices.
5	This review is from when I saw the show, in November 2008.WOW.  This was the first Cirque show I ever saw, and every one I have seen since then hasn't measured up (except O, which is a very close second).  I was blown away by the acrobatics, and loved that there was a story to follow within it - it's the only Cirque show I've seen that successfully pulls off a clear storyline with amazing stunts.I am sad to see that some yelpers think it has gone downhill in the past few years....I do want to see it again and hope that it's of the same quality as when I saw it back in '08!
4	Of the 3 Cirque shows I've seen in Vegas, I liked this one the least, but that's because the other two were so incredible. As with all the big-budget Cirque shows, the sets and costumes are dazzling and the performers are obviously the best out there. It's a magnificent show, but if you're only able to see one of the Cirque shows I'd recommend Zumanity if you want something sexy and adult, or Mystere for overall spectacle.
5	I've seen about 5 diff cirque shows and this is the best there is and up there in price but worth it.  Show has a plot and action and cirque art.  Youtube it for a sneak peek.  Like the other review said, get there early to see the pre show entertainment.  Went on a mma fight night and seats were still full over memorial day wkend.
5	Ka is an amazing show and I'm so glad we caught it when we were in town.  It's truly an edge of your seat show that peaked our interest as soon as we were seated.  I also liked how Ka has a story behind it and the acrobatics really illustrated this story.  We saw O last year and were impressed but I have to say that Ka is amazing as well.  We were able to purchase really cheap tickets due to their "summer of Cirque promo" ($55/each) and sat in section 103, row J which was perfect because we could see everything going on around us as well as see all the details on stage.  The stage was phenomenal as it rotated 360 degrees and the acrobatics that took place when the stage was at a vertical was breathtaking.  It was an amazing experience!
5	Absolutely amazing show. Its so hard to explain all the different aspects to people. All I can say is... go see it! Everything from the rotating stage to the giant wheels to the costumes. Everything in this show was awesome. Not a dull moment. I would pay the money to see this show again.
4	I have to go see this again. The stage is the best part of the show. The story line is hard to follow but is easier than other Cirque shows I've seen. It has some really intense moments that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
5	So good I saw it twice! Any one that goes to Vegas with me must go watch this show. I will MAKE THEM. I don't want to spoil the show. All I have to say is the theater is grand and the performance is wonderful. DO IT. GO WATCH IT! *waves hands magically*
5	LOVE this show! It's my favorite Cirque show in Las Vegas and definitely worth every penny. It has one of the biggest casts so it makes it very entertaining and action packed. The first time I saw the show, we sat in category 3 (section 201) and I thought it was a pretty good view for the price we paid. There is so much action around the stage and the sides of the stage you don't feel like you're missing anything. The most recent time we watched the show, we sat in category 2 (section 103) for only $55 bucks! (READ ON!) And that was pretty awesome, although since you're so close to the stage, a little bit of the magic is ruined since you can clearly see all the wires the actors are hanging from. (Ref their seating chart: http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/~/media/shows/ka/pdf/KA_Seating.pdf)Since everyone's talked about how great the show is, here are ways to get cheap tickets:- students get 35% off- military get 35% off- check on their website for 25% off tickets (http://www.mgmgrand.com/entertainment/ka-cirque-du-soleil-show.aspx)- children also get discounted tickets (http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/shows/ka/tickets.aspx)- the best deal is through the Cirque Du Soleil's website. Every summer they have $55 tickets for category 2 seating (http://promo-www.cirquedusoleil.com/las-vegas/summer-2010/index.htm) you can also sign up for the CirqueClub for free and get notification of deals/sales (http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/en/home.aspx#/en/home/americas/usa.aspx)- if you forget to book your tickets online you could go to those kiosks on the strip like "Tix 4 Tonight" but it's not cheaper since they have a service charge- if you're staying at an MGM property, you could always try and ask your concierge if they have discounted ticket; or make the call through your Players Card number
5	Great original show. Everyone loved it. We have seen most of the cirque shows and this one was still great.
4	This is 100% awesome. Deserves five stars. But so pricey I had to knock one off. I mean come on $60 with tip and tax for 2 drinks! Oh well it was so worth it. This is like the most wicked action play you could ever witness. It's like the Jet Li of theater. I could feel the heat from my third row seat! Loved it. Will be back. Loved it.
5	Incredible.  There is no other way to describe Ka.  This was my first Cirque show.  The stage is huge.  It seems to be a small city in front of your eyes.  There are tons of balconies that actors swing/yell/shoot/sing from.  The seats have speakers in the headrests which gives for awesome acoustics in addition to the live band.  The storyline was a little difficult to follow, but the visuals and the music were more than enough to keep you entertained if you don't get the plot.  The stage seems to morph into all kinds of different scenery.The costumes are amazing.  Be sure to get there 20 minutes early as they have pre-show entertainment.  We got these tickets along with our Vegas package.  We chose Ka after seeing the reviews on Yelp.
5	This was an incredible performance. Likely the best performance I have ever seen and I would watch it again tonight if I could!I don't want to blow it for you guys, but the stadium where they have Ka is flat out awesome!!! Enjoy!
5	Very impressive and interesting showI was surprised they used fireworks indoors as it was so bright.The stage is very interesting as it constantly changes and moves around.The only thing I didn't really like was there was no dialogue just babbling, which seems kind of like a cop out to me, but I guess that's what they do.
4	The second Cirque du Soleil show that I ever watched at the MGM.The highlight of this show: The coolest rotating platform for their stage.I especially loved the scene where they used the sand formations and sand art.  That is one of the scenes that I remember the most!We bought tickets online and got GREAT seats right in the center.  The venue itself is smaller than others so I am sure that any seats are as good as others.
5	So glad I got to see this show!  It was almost as good as O.  Costumes, choreography, effects and story was good!
5	I've seen quite a few CdS shows and this one definitely ranks up there as a favorite.  The storyline, the characters, the set and acts all work together seamlessly.  Even the "pre-show" was entertaining.  We weren't expecting to be entertained from the moment we entere the theater.  Great experience!  My husband has been to a few CdS shows and this one is his absolute favorite.  We would definitely want to see this one again whenever we get back to LV.
4	OK so I saw Ka for the first time last week. And I have to say, it was quite a show. But why didn't I give this show 5 stars. Truthfully it's hard to explain. In the end, I guess I only gave it a 4(well more like 4 1/2) stars because I guess I expected more from it. Maybe I just overhyped myself to believe it was gonna be superb. Now the reason for this is because I saw Cirque's O at the bellagio, and THAT Cirque show was purely perfect, so when I hear people compare these 2 as the best ones and that they were hard to say which one was better, I thought it would be just as good if not better. But for me it wasn't close. O was far and away better to me.   But, like any review, this is just the opinion of one man. Me. I just never felt the emotions and the feeling of being in another world like O made me feel. and I think that is the reason I dont give Ka as high a praise as i would liked to have. Ok with that being said, I still thought Ka was highly incredible. The acrobatics were insane, but what sets Ka apart is without a doubt the moving stage and the incredible visuals. I had pretty decent seats in the middle near the right side, But much like all the other Cirque shows, Any seat is a good seat. Ka was the last Cirque show I really wanted to see.    SO from best to no best. hehehe. 1. O 2. KA 3. Zumanty 4. Mystere 5. Viva Elvis. note. I have not seen Love yet so I didnt put that up here.      Also all these shows are diferent and have their own styles and skills to bring to the table. so really I shouldnt even compare them all. but oh well. I did. I love em all so yeah. Go see all of em if you have the time and money. They're all pretty kick-ass so just do it. My reviewing skills are goin down the drain, I'm tired ok, I just keep procrasting on writing these reviews and I'm lazy right now and just wanted to get it done. so yeah. Good nite. sleep time.
5	this was my 1st cirque du soleil show and man, it blew me away!! the stage moves, they take full advantage of the lights and sound effects. Don't believe the seating charts that try and sell you the most expensive ticket. buy the cheapest ticket and you're still going to be able to see the show from any angle. We bout mid price tickets and we loved the show.They sell drinks and popcorn for the show, so grab a beer and enjoy!Honestly the show seemed to go by so fast because you're having so much fun watching it! about 60+ performers and the plot is cooland you have speakers inside of your seat to have the best possible experience.I recommend that every see this show, Cirque Du Soleil is amazing and their shows are truly worth it.WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T STAY AT THE MGM GRAND HOTEL BECAUSE THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS ASS.The hotel sucks, but don't let that get in the way of you seeing KA, it's truly a must see and I will brag about till I feel otherwise lol.AND UNLIKE MGM GRAND THE ATTENDANTS AT THE KA THEATER WERE MUCH MORE SIMPATHETIC TO THE FACT THAT MY 64 YEAR OLD AUNT WHO IS IN A WHEELCHAIR BECAUSE SHE HAD A STROKE SO HER WHOLE LEFT SIDE IS PARALYZED NEEDED SPECIAL ASSISTANCE. YOU GUYS ROCK @ THE KA THEATER! MGM HOTELYOU SUCK!
5	I was mesmerized by this show. The entire gigantic stage rotates and turns, at one point becoming a vast sandy beach and at another a huge vertical rock wall complete with snow. I honestly didn't really get the storyline, um I think the weird yellow guy was bad? Being Deaf I think the lack of sound made that challenging for me, but even being limited to the visual aspect I was thoroughly entertained. I loved the swimming scene, the acrobatics, the flying dragon, the 32 oz margarita I bought at the concession and my parents for getting me tickets for my bday. An awesome gift I will not soon forget!!
4	We ended up at Ka not knowing what to expect. We went to the 50% off ticket place the morning of and chose whatever show had 4 seats together and was the cheapest, Ka was the winner. I will have to second Eugine y.'s assessment, "this show is insane!" This is what Vegas is all about, seeing something you would not see anywhere else and completely blowing your mind. I would say that compared to all the Cirque shows I have seen thus far, Ka was the darkest. If you are trying to decide on a Cirque show and don't want something flowery, Ka is your show. Ka is complex and  awe- inspiring. The artists/performers are incredible. The stage is set up so that any seat really is an excellent seat. I would recommend sitting in the middle of the audience so that you can see the entire stage.
2	After seeing Cirque du Soleil's Mystere, I had very high expectations of this show. I was very disappointed. The theatre is the most uncomfortable I've been in and the show didn't help me forget that. It was boring and full of gimmiks and tricks. From fireworks and a shadow puppet show to a batton twirler, I was not impressed. The show is disjointed and the music is the same. Towards the end of the show, the music system came alive and finally there was some surround good sound but for the first three quarters, the music was dead and from the center. The technology was impressive, but if I wanted to see moving equipment, I'd go to a construction site. I would NOT recommend wasting money on this.
4	I'm only giving Ka 4 stars because it's not as good as O, but like O Ka may be expensive but still a must see and worth every cent. If I could give it a 4.5 on yelp then I would. The main feature of Ka is it's moving stage. It is truly a triumph of engineering. The stage rises, falls, twists, turns, and contorts in every which direction. This makes it all the more impressive that the performers move seamlessly and in perfect coordination with it. Unlike O, which only vaguely hints at a story, Ka has a very strong narrative. It's about a prince and a princess who are on a journey of survival and are trying to restore their kingdom. Throughout the show, I cheered, laughed, and even almost cried at one point. Where Ka falls short of the standard O sets is the physical feats. Not that they weren't impressive, but the acrobatics performed in Ka lacked the style and boldness of those performed in O. The one exception is the dude near the end of the show who was jump roping on the giant wheel-looking contraption. THAT was impressive.See Ka. See O. See what all the hype is about and be blown away
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show. And I must say, I was impressed. The stage was well thought out. Was an experience from the moment you arrived into the theater. The ticket handlers were in costume. Everything was where it should be for such an occasion. Would definitely recommend this show to everyone. Our seats were 3rd row middle in the back section, which was perfect. Could see everything. The moving stage is just amazing. Go see this show!
5	You can never go wrong with watching KA.  The stage is a true masterpiece since it moves.  The best seats are in the back section or else your neck might hurt from looking up if your in the front section.  Spectacular show.  A must see!
5	During your lifetime if you have never seen a Cirque show and your choice is to see one, go see KA!   This show was absolutely amazing!    A little tip.. do not buy your ticket at the MGM.   Try getting the tickets online at Ticketmaster itself.  Back to the show review... we entered the stage area and guys were flying down on us from the perches above the seating... What an experience.   This show will literally take you away to another land.   No bad seats in the house.   I actually preferred sitting further back so I could get a wider view of the action!   The KA show literally brings you into the story emotionally.   Must see show in Vegas!
3	Although I appreciate the art, the effort and the time these amazing performers take to entertain us...I would not go back to see KA. If you are looking for more of bits and pieces of a sort of boring story more so than acrobatics then you might enjoy this show. I am a big Mystere fan because of the amazing put you on the edge of your seat acrobatics and stunts and it is whimsical humor. I'm glad the tickets were only $60 which is very reasonable.
4	The best show in Vegas for the price. Truly an amazing production.
4	My expectations of Cirque du Soleil are kind of high mainly to their own doing, hence my only 4 stars for KA'. Very good, but not great  - I expected a lot more of the show than the jumping around... Interesting storyline however.
5	This was the BEST cirque show I have seen.  While others say O is the best; I disagree. From the moment you walk in the theatre is impressive.  The set is amazing and the performances great.  Unlike other Cirque shows I have seen, there is a bit more of a story to follow.It is a must see and I don't think there is a bad seat in the place.
5	This was my second Cirque show and it was just as awesome as the first (Mystere)! This show's story is easy to follow, great tricks from the actors, loved the moving stages and had an overall great time! We had seats in the back and everything still looked and sounded great! I recommend this to anyone who loves circus or Cirque shows!
4	Two Cirque's worth seeing in Las Vegas are KA and Mystere. KA for the stage and Mystere for the more traditional Cirque type shows. O if you like seeing people flopping around in water tanks...
5	My kids are into this much more than myself, but of all the Cirque du Soleil shows they've dragged me to, this was my favorite. The threater was really nice - had sound system in your chair! This one actually has a story line, and doesn't drag out as much as some of the others. I recommend this show! Lots of action from all sides.
3	My date and I had great seats, but I must admit that this show had me a little bored. Not much variety in acts, unlike the other Cirque shows I've seen. The fire aspect had me excited, and the storyline was easier to follow than most of their shows, but I couldn't help but think how much more we'd be enjoying ourselves had we gone to Mystere or O instead.
4	Mix Serenity, Star Wars Return of the Jedi, Titan A.E., & Pink Martini and you have Cirque Du Soliel's KA. A fun show. Not as many of the jaw dropping how did they did that Cirque moments, but overall very satisfying. Loved the story as well.
4	One of the few Cirque du Soleil that follow a story line, so if you are looking for a Cirque du Soleil show and a story this is the one to see. Although it strays a bit from the traditional style of Cirque du Soleil, it is still sure to please. We were fortunate enough to be able to purchase front section tickets for 50% off AMAZING deal! (End of summer special). KA is the show which it is the stage that is at the center of attention. It uses a sectional stage that is fully mobile it rotates and moves on a 3D axis it really adds another level of excitement to the show. I would not recommend this as anyone's first Cirque du Soleil show but for a any repeat or veteran Cirque du Soleil viewer this must make it onto your "Seen it" list.
5	I loved this one. It was pretty amazing to say the least. It was very beautiful and entrancing. I would totally watch it again.I went with a friend that came to Vegas for the first time & my mom's friend got us 2 tickets to see it.Before this I've only watched the Cirque du Soleil show with Elvis Presley and that wasn't anything spectacular as I was bored here and there.However, with KA, I wasn't bored and I was really into the story. It's the kind of plot where I actually enjoyed it and I wanted to know what would happen in the end. Very cute.I'm planning on seeing the other shows soon enough, but pretty sure this is one that'd top the list always.
4	I am a nerd at heart and if you want to see amazing stage mechanics this is the show for you.  I dream in gears and was simply blown away.  I love how Cirque ushers set the mood!My 6 year old wanted to come see this for her birthday and she really loved it.  The only thing I did not like is that the MGM seating chart is misleading, we thought we were getting seats toward center but they were actually way off center, ie flipped from the chart.  FYI this is why I took a star off.
5	Awesome. Fabricatabulous. Stupendilicious. I loved this show. I was hoping it wouldn't end. The performers are exceptional and the special stage is really cool.
5	"When I grow up I will run away & join the circus."That's what my Cirque du Soleil bracelet says & that's the phrase I used to threaten my parents with as an angry teen.Fire, battle scenes, a rotating stage & a darkness I have yet to experience in other Cirque shows-- KA gets five stars. The story of a brother & sister torn apart by war was an easy (& heart wrenching) story to follow. My favorite scene of all is the simulated sea scene--it really looked like the characters were floating through water.This is the fourth Cirque show I've seen (Zumanity, Believe, Ovo.)  Highly recommended because it is much less campy & more serious than the other three shows. I loved the industrial looking set & the gloomy & moody feeling that encompasses the show. We called the MGM & bought tickets for the same night (about $65 per person.) We were seated center, but close to the back of the  theater. Seats are extremely comfy & have speakers in the headrest. (FYI: no intermission)Perfect show for a fire sign like me.
4	Breathtaking.  I think I spent more than half the show sitting forward in my seat with my mouth hanging open in amazement.  $200 million spent on the stage I read earlier that day, and OMG it was worth it.  The speakers in the seats were a little loud, but I don't think there was a bad seat in the house.  I actually think the 'upper tier' seats were better as it afforded you a look at everything going on at the sides of the stage.The costumes were magical, the music was inspiring, the story was great, the total experience was fantastic.The only thing that threatened to mar the experience was the annoying habit of people in Vegas to stroll into the show 5-20 minutes late and the theater's policy to still allow them to be seated at anytime, not just in transitions.  It was extremely distracting and I missed some of the story during the beginning because of it.Also - their computers were down when we went so I was unable to get a real ticket to keep in my ticket album - bummer but I guess that means I'll have to go again!
5	This is the BEST cirque show I've seen, well actually my FIRST and I LOVED IT!  With the greeters and ushers dressed in costume when you walk into the theatre you get excited to see whats going to happen.  Loved the storyline, acrobats, costumes, stunts and that massive stage.  I seriously cant get over that rotating stage.  My fave scene is the simulated sea scene it really looked real.  Even the battle scenes when they moved in slow motion was kind of cool too.  You must see this show if you havent yet.  We had awesome seats (really comfy) and i dont think theres a bad seat in the house.  Now im hooked I MUST see the other Cirque du Soleil shows and I WILL!!The only annoying thing is the ding dongs who come in late and block your view.
5	I've never been to a Cirque show before, so I didn't really know what to expect. We arrived just in time to catch some of the pre-show, which was just a tease of what I was about to experience. The show itself was absolutely unbelievable. I kept thinking the entire time, I need to come back and bring my mom, and my sisters, and everyone I know! The music was very well done. The characters were awesome. The story itself was fantastic. I'm an art major, and I just kept thinking to myself, how people must have thought this idea was just crazy, absurd, and un-doable. I was so amazed with the imagination and thought that had gone into this. I tried to imagine how someone could think of something like this, and then explain it to other people to try and make it happen. I'm so glad they did. I will make it a goal each time I travel to Vegas to see one of these shows. Amazing is the only adjective I find fitting.
5	It's hard to write a review on a show without giving away anything. And let me tell you, you're best going in with no idea what to expect! This was my first Cirque du Soleil experience and DAMN was it a good one! I want so bad to talk about everything I bore witness too, but I must not!! A trip to Vegas specifically to see KA would be worth it! The story at times was a little hard to follow, but that had mostly to do with the fact that I was slack jawed trying to figure out how they were pulling off what they were pulling off. Brilliant. Ticket's were definitely on the expensive side, but I can honestly say it was well worth it. I would spend it again. As is with most first time in a specific theatre experiences, I can also tell you that really any seat in the house affords a perfect view. It's not entirely necessary to spend big here. Also, a lot of the action happens ABOVE you, so sitting front and center is probably not the best position, even if it's the most expensive!Before heading into the theatre, you get your photo taken which you can look at and purchase after the show. For $45 you get two separate shots in a beautiful book style frame. They have it pre-printed and framed, which is fantastic. In fact, if it was just viewed on a monitor, we probably would've passed. Bonus points on presentation guys! It made me buy it!
5	Absolutely breath taking, loved every second of it, so I won't bore you with how great it was. The only problem I had was actually the venue, the seats are awkwardly put, not on a 'theater style' meaning odd seats for less obstruction, in the contrary, the seats are right behind one another. So if you have the bad luck of sitting behind someone tall or with big hair, like I was, you will miss some of the action on the front  (which there is a lot to). Also, if you go on the winter, bring a jacket, there is no heating at all.
5	WOW!!!  What can I say???  GO SEE IT!!!  AMAZING!!!!!
5	I will be short and sweet since there are so many reviews. This is a show not to be missed the next time you are in Las Vegas. Mr. B saw the special on the Discovery channel I believe about KA and the stage, it is a really technological marvel. From the moment we entered the theater, we were in awe. Having seen many theatrical productions, this one is one of my favorites. Captivating, theatrical, leaving you in complete awe. The time flew by and we were not ready for the show to end, I would go see it again, I'm sure we would see something we missed the first time. Some recommended sitting towards the back so you can see the entire theater, we were 4 rows back. I am thrilled we were so close, we felt like a part of the show. Don't miss this one!!
5	This was the first Cirque du Soleil show that I have seen, and I was amazed.  I was entertained the entire time.  It is an exciting and moving peice of art.  There is more that acrobats, they also present it with a storyline.  The performers are incredibly talented.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone thinking of watching a Cirque du Soleil show.  Derek
3	**3.5 STARS**Ok... this show had been so hyped up to me that I was disappointed after seeing it this past weekend... wait... let me explain please.The stage (revolving / twisting / front / side / back to back) was cool. THAT was cool. The rest... was ok. The theater itself was gorgeous and huge... the crew did an amazing job... the sound system was just right (not to deafening that you can't hear afterwards...) BUT... I've seen most of the Cirque du Soleil shows here in the Bay Area and they were all far better than Ka. The acrobatic stuff in the Bay was far more extensive... granted at Ka they were going up side to side... I wasn't blown away like the others I've seen.At the end of the day... if this is your first Cirque... you'll probably be hooked... at least I got to see it and see what the hype was all about... Now I want to target watching "O" and "Zumanity" next time around.
4	4.5*I've seen several of the Cirque shows when they come to the Bay Area and saw O in Vegas.This isn't your typical Cirque show seen in the Bay Area.  That has more acrobatics.  This show has a definite story line that you can understand and less acrobatics, magic and clowns so it reminds me kind of like a musical.  The theater is huge and has lots of detail to it-amazing.  Kinda like Asian steam punk - sort of.  The stage was THE coolest thing.  It's huge. It elevates up and down and horizontal and vertical.  The show is an Asian theme about two siblings who get separated in a storm and then reunited.  At the end of the show they have fireworks... yes, indoor fireworks.  I found the show so interesting that I bought the making of Ka dvd.  Can't wait to go home to check it out. Minus 1/2 star because I wish it had more acrobatics.
3	We bought our tickets the morning of the show at the Ticket4Half booth in our hotel. We also found a $1 OFF Service fee coupon in one of the coupon books so the total we paid for each tickets including service fee was $90. Not bad compare to the $165 regular price tickets. We sat on category 2, left section. I thought the show was just OK. The theater was really cool and I really like the stage and the moving board. Our seats had built in speakers! It was a very very impressive set. The actual show itself didn't really wow'ed me. I was expecting more acrobatics than martial arts. Cool story line though...I'm glad I read/ looked through the picture book prior to watching the show so I got the gists of the story line. I think I would've been confused if I hadn't done that! Our seats were OK...we could see well but I think seating closer to the stage would make the experience of watching the show better since you'll be able to see the expression of the characters. I think KA was over-hyped so I was expecting something a lot more! Before we went in the theater one of the promoters to Studio54 approached us and gave us a wrist band to get in for free plus free drinks for the ladies! We had planned on dropping by next door during intermission...but sadly, there was no intermission. The show was only 1.5 hours long.
4	So I was able to see KA again with my friend Candy P. This time we were in the actual audience not the musicians booth like the 1st time.Its a really great show but at times can move a bit on the slow side. I love the music and the martial arts are amazing.I bought a huge 32oz drink before going in and it was very good and $16 bucks. Not bad at all.We were also able to go backstage since Candy has the hookup..and that is very cool. Sometimes its very cool to be a local in Vegas!
4	I've seen this show twice and it definitely ranks up there with "O" as one of Cirque's best shows! The stage is the most spectacular at this one. And without giving anything away, the "shadow" part is one of my favorite parts of the show. So artistic and beautiful.Got discounted tix at Tix4Tonight. We paid $115/ticket as opposed to $150 from the box office. I really don't know how they figure the discounted pricing, but that's what we got. We went right before the show started to get our seats assigned, and it didn't seem to be a problem, we didn't end up with crappy seats or anything for waiting until the last minute.
4	It was a really great show. I liked it. Amazing acrobatics & acts. Colorful costumes. Powerful sound effects & lights. Rotating wall - cool.
5	pretty awesome shit, I say.Literally my jaw was open throughout the whole hourand my hands were sweating for their dear livezno idea how the fuck they can like, not be stabbed with those damn arrows and NO idea how the fuck they can know where those arrows just pop outta nowhere because seriously, i dunno...i'm impressed.I thought there was like, a lesbo playing in the show the whole hour or something, saving a princess (sorry if I happen to think there's lesbos everywhere but I have a reason for that)The so-called lesbo was freaking short and had a stature of a chick and walked and ran like a chick.My stepdad told me it's just a very small man.I dunno, the only reason I came up with that conclusion was that this "man" kissed the princess' hand or something. And I was like, isn't this show supposed to be kid-friendly?Yeah ...
5	I watched this show in 2005 and once again in 2010.  In short, it's a must watch show.  It's different from the tradional Cirque Du Soleil in that it's more of a artsy story than showing off jaw dropping skills over loud music.  The stage and the art is amazing.  I may even have to say that if you can only watch one show in Vegas, it should be this one.As other reviews state, it's true that compared to 5 years ago, they seemed a little trimmed down.  No sand on the stage, the village show (martial arts, etc.) isn't as sharp, no jumping tree stomps, and I can swear the death wheel guy looked like he was going to die 5 years ago (which was better).  That said, this show is still a great show to watch.Tip : You can get 40% off Cirque Du Soliel Ka Tickets herehttp://www.spoofee.com/index.php?section=search&querystring=vegas
4	Take one part Steam Punk; add one part Matrix; and mix with a bunch of 4' athletes who are ripped as hell. Great Acoustics. Excellent show. Very well done; atmospherics did a great job of creating another world; the fight scenes were awesome. Definitely suggest going. Right up there with "O'. I would say avoid the slushy drinks; horribly sweet; they should dispense syringes of insulin to go with. We couldn't finish ours; ended up throwing ours away...$11 into the garbage...
5	My friend got me dress rehearsal tickets to KA for my birthday last year, and let me just say....that even thought it wasn't the full effect show, I felt like I got the full effect!  This show was good, maybe saying good is and understatement maybe OUTSTANDING is more like it.  I've seen O, Zummanity, and the Elvis show at the Aria (which btw, don't ever see that show. It was extremely boring!)  Well, onto the review.KA makes use of the stage, and what's amazing is that I actually understood the story.  I love how they use the stage for many different things, transforming it in every scene.  Even with no dialogues, the acrobats dance and tap into your emotions so you know exactly what they're thinking.  It's amazing!  I laughed, cried, and was even bedazzled by the harmonious music that accompanies each scene.  If you're ever in Vegas, get the chance to see this show.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house, the stage is made for everyone to see the action.  And you get the full experience, because the performers interact with the crowd.  It's definitely one of the best shows in Vegas, well I'd have to Le' Reeve and then maybe change my saying...but for now, I'm keeping it that way.
4	I wont say I totally loved this show, but I did enjoy it.The story line is similar to Japanese Anime and if your into that you will love Ka.The production is HUGE and the stage moves it's really intense and cool, but I wasn't as excited at the end as much as I was on the other Cirque de Soleil shows.Our seats were third up from the front row again (we got lucky) and they were just perfect, I mean you could see a lot, so please if your going to go see this show get close tickets otherwise your wasting your money because you have to see everything!Also they sell snacks in front and go comfy or dressed up, it's in the MGM and there is also cool stuff from the Ka gift shpo afterwards that you will want to buy--I recommend the shirts they are cool for working out!
4	I would suggest being close to stage, its more interactive (characters run by you and "stare" at you). Stage movement was awesome. Downside, didn't really understand the plot especially the ending.
4	My first Cirque show. I wasn't blown away, but I really enjoyed it. I especially enjoyed the OUTRAGEOUS 220-million dollar set. It was reason enough to go. I was thoroughly entertained throughout and some of the stunts were death-defying for sure.
5	I've seen most of the Cirq shows in Vegas plus a few of the traveling ones and I must admit...this was my favorite!  The plot/story is easy to follow along, the makeup and actors are amazing, and the technology used will blow your mind.  The 360 degree rotating stage that tilts 90 degrees vertically allows the show to be seen at new angles never shown before!  Overall, great show and a MUST see when in Vegas.
4	Went with great expectation. I wish I had read the plot ahead of time. The theater and stage are amazing. Indeed, the moving (and sometimes vertical stage) was nothing like I have ever seen. It alone was worth going. We spent $165.00 per ticket for seats near the center and 10 rows back. I would NOT recommend this. Sitting farther back and higher up would have been preferable.If you are not into Asian marshal arts fighting, much of the beginning will be not your cup of tea. My wife and I were frankly bored during the first half, for this reason. However, the second half was amazing, both in staging, creativity and acrobatics.I would recommend it if you don't spend too much per ticket and are into marshal arts.
3	I've seen 'O', KA and La Nouba.  KA unfortunately is at the bottom of the list.  I trumped my wife from seeing this instead of Love.  I loved KA personally but it doesn't hold up to La Nouba or 'O'.  Still an amazing show if it is your first Cirque du Soleil but 'O' or La Nouba will ruin it for you.  I got half priced tickets day of right near the Planet Hollywood hotel and went right to MGM grand to get the tickets.  We were seated in the 2nd tier but nearly right in the center.  Again, great show but nothing compared to 'O' or La Nouba.
4	Got 40% discount from MGM and ended up paying $80 for middle seats 10th row from the back. I personally enjoyed sitting further back so I could check out the whole stage. I did no research at all prior to watching the show and was definitely impressed with their high tech staging and effects. I don't think this is the show for people who would prefer more acrobatics performance, but if you enjoy cool effects and story, this is the show for you. In terms of the cast, I especially enjoyed Noriko Takahashi's performance. Noriko Takahashi was a gold medalist from Baton Twirling World Championships and she played the archer's daughter on this show.
5	WOW!! WOW!! Fantastic show...you ask yourself all the time "how'd they do that?"....really enjoyed it...tip...don't see too far forward...a lot of action is up high...go for the middle
4	2nd time to Ka,.. I love Cirque du Soleil. I think I have seen almost every circ vegas show .My favorites in a row.1) O    ( I have seen it 4 times)!!2) Ka or Zumanity3) MystereI LOVE O because of the amazing acrobatics and stage!! Ka is great because of the stage and amazing wall, but i prefer more acrobatics and beauty. Zumanity has a sexy, but dark sensuality to the show, its a little different, I like it but its not for everyone.Be sure to get really good seats, as it does make a difference in your experience. And check for deals at the hotels or on circs website.
5	There are things in this world that shouldn't be missed; Northern Lights, Solar Eclipses, and KA.This show is absolutely fantastic, its so state of the art and technical, but still seems so simple. Its a great show, Ill keep it short in lieu of the vast majority of reviews. Definitely see this show.
5	I am a fan of Cirque du Soleil (except the Criss Angel show, blech!)....Ka is  one of the reasons why I'm a fan.  Here's why:- The music is phenomenal.  Like most Cirque shows, the music just blows you away....and it works so well with the performance.- Great acrobatics & physical feats.  Again, Cirque doesn't disappoint.- Awesome sets.  I don't want to give away too much, but there's a scene where the stage lifts up and goes vertical from a horizontal position....absolutely crazy....and the performers on the stage?  All I can say is WOW!Some tips....- Make sure you look all around you....to the left, right, and above you....there's a lot going on and you don't want to miss it.- Use the bathroom before the show starts.  Again, you don't want to miss a minute of the action.- Bring a coat or sweater.  It can get a little cold in the theater.Overall, great show.  One of my fav's in town, in my Top 10.Will I return?  I plan on it.
5	WOW!  I've seen all the Cirque's in Vegas, but I've seen Ka twice!There really isnt a bad seat in the house.  But I would definitely suggest sitting up higher... there is an expensive row (gucci row) and they're not the best seats in the house, i can promise you that.The main character of this show is the stage.  Its really involved in each scene changing and conforming like you've never seen.  I highly highly recommend this show, especially if you like martial arts, there's a lot of fighting.
5	I had never seen a Cirque Du Soleil show before and was told to see one... any of them if I'm going to Vegas.  So, I took the advice and booked KA tickets.  This show is AMAZING!!!  I'm now concerned that because my expectations of Cirque Du Soleil are sooooo high that any other show I see of theres I may be let down.  The only complain I have is that the show started about 15 minutes late, and there were just a few scenes that were on the slower end of the scale. Probably letting the performers catch their breathe.  I'm sure that's typical.  But, I HATE when shows are late.  I can't wait for friends and family of mine to see this show so we can talk about all the awesome effects!!!  AMAZING!
5	Best Cirque show in Vegas hands down!  Forget O and the rest of the other shows because this show blows them all away.  Why is this show better than other Cirque shows?  Because there's an actual storyline!  Oh the awesome moving stage also added a lot to the production :).
4	another fine cds show. this one is asian themed with a strong martial arts influence. writing this review primarily to leave a few tips:- check the cirque website, they often have promotional offers for the vegas shows.- pick up tickets early in the day. you don't want to be stuck in the will call line as the show begins. i went at noon and there was still a gang of people either buying or picking up tickets.- i had front row seats. great right? well, maybe. we were really close to the action. so close, in fact, i had to pull my legs in a couple times for fear of tripping the performers as they ran by. and it was fantastic to see the facial expressions and the detail in the costumes. but for this show, i think seats a few rows back would have been better.we spent much of the show with our necks craned back as we watched some of the acrobatics that were performed on the vertical stage.
2	I'm really surpised by the reviews for Ka. After having seen La Reve and a traveling Cirque du Soleil production (Corteo), I was very excited to see Ka. We had good seats, about half way up (which is where you want to sit). The production value was good -- the stage itself was very neat. However, the music wasn't great, the acrobatics were OK, and it was just a little boring.I don't need a plot -- Corteo is a dream sequence -- La Reve doesn't have a clearly articulated plot. But this just didn't do enough to amaze me, excite me, entertain me, etc. Both my wife and I couldn't wait to get out!
1	We saw this on a couple years ago on Valentines day with another couple. Biggest waste of money in Vegas. Sub par acrobatics, weak and boring plot line to the so called "story". I should have listened to others who warned me. There are much better shows for the same price....
3	1 star for the stage1 star for the dancers/acrobats1 star for the creativity0 stars for the storyline - boring0 stars for entertainment - again I was bored at some of the scenesIn general I think I liked O a tad better....I don't like these cirque de soleil type shows.  They take a circus act + add fancy costumes + add weird music + stage + storyline + $$$$$
3	Hmmmmmmm...............?  What to say about this one?Well, I know my husband shelled out a pretty penny for us to sit seventh row center for my birthday two years ago, and now I'm wondering if we could have gotten some swell 2 for 1 deal.....? Ah, such is life.Ya know, it was an alright show, but that's about all I can say.  I wasn't too impressed with the storyline and it wasn't as colorful as say Beetle's LOVE or Mystere, but for what it was, I'm still glad that I saw it.~Speakers in the seat......very cool!~A ginormous rotating stage........also, very cool!~And the typical Cirque acrobatics.......always a crowd pleaser! =)Personally, I wouldn't pay to see it again, but if you can get the 2 for 1 hook up......HECK YEAH!
5	I'm not trying to over hype the show or give away anything so that you can go witness and decide on it yourself.Tickets were for a Saturday night and they only ran us about $60 something each. Don't ask me how we got it for that price but I was blessed enough to be taken to this show. Of course I had to put out at the end of the night (it's worth the pay off).I don't think there are any bad seats in the house. We were in section 201, DD and it was fine. The stage and action is big enough for you to see even in the back row. You'll be quite impressed with the rotating, shifting, vertical rising stage deck. Sitting way in the front might give you a cramp in your neck because you'll be continuously looking upwards.There's a simple story line to follow and not just a bunch of random monkey acts put together. The show runs under two hours and there wasn't an intermission in between. I'd recommend Ka to anyone who's into these shows.
3	As others have said, I don't want to go into details, as part of any Cirque du Soleil show is the experience.  Between my wife and I, we have seen five Cirque shows and each of us rated KA as least favorite.  That is not to say that it is bad by any means, but given O or Love, we didn't feel it was worth the price.  Ultimately, I am glad that went, but won't attend a second time, as I plan to with other shows.
4	The mechanical platform is astounding, but the storyline and pace of the show is pretty blah.  (Sit near the front if you can because acrobats swoop over your head and you get a good view of the height of the stage.)  Not the best Cirque I've seen, but Cirque is a little like pizza - even when it isn't great, it is still pretty damn good.
4	I was lucky enough to get to see this show with my husband. We had GREAT seats right up front and near the stage. The story was there a little hard to follow but still a great show none the less. This was our first CDS and we will def go back for more! You can get drinks before the show which is always a plus. Only reason I am not giving a perfect score is because in life is anything ever perfect........ :--)
4	The best analogy for this show is like eating the "perfect bite" of nachos. You get a little bit of everything to satisfy your hunger. Honestly, I didn't know what to expect, since I hadn't researched any Vegas shows. We left it in the hands of a relative to choose a show that he was able to get us tickets to. I am so grateful for the opportunity to see this show..it exceeded any expectations I had. Action packed. Exhilarating. Captivating. Amazing. Mind boggling. Well-rounded. Without giving away too much, here's some reasons to go see this show:-Acrobats leave you with the "wow" factor-Costumes are well done-Stage, set and special effects REALLY add to the show-Theater seats are comfortable with speakers in the headrestThis show is great for adults, but in my opinion, complexity of the characters might be inappropriate for kids under 7. (Costumes might be a little scary.)Bottom lines is that we walked away more then satisfied and really enjoyed it. If I had to pay $70 to see it, I would.
5	The BF took me here for Valentine's Day...and he done good! This show was awesome! I've seen other Cirque shows and this is my second fave(L.O.V.E. being the first) We got there a little before 9:30 and had to pick up our tickets at the will-call. Luckily, that didn't take too long. The ushers there are very nice and eager to help you find your seat. We were in section 202 row JJ. We had a good view of the stage and everything else going on. With any Cirque show I would recommend sitting a little further from the stage with everything that goes on. It's nice that each seat has built-in speakers. I didn't quite understand the storyline but still loved the show. The music is really good and there is alot of action through-out the entire show.
5	This was the very first Cirque du Soleil show me and the wife saw.  VERY IMPRESSED with the show. It left us wanting to see more Cirque du Soleil shows.
5	We have seen a Cirque show our last three trips and this was my favorite yet.  There is a mountain climbing scene that was jaw dropping.  The story was a little hard to follow at times, but that's not really the point I guess.We sat pretty far up and a lot of stuff happened behind us.  The cheaper seats in the back would have been better but besides that I loved every minute.
5	Stunning. In the beginning the empress asks someone in the front row for his camera. He hands it over, and the empress tosses it into a fire. Then, she asked for something else, and threw the tourist into the flame. AHAHAHAHAHAHAH!The performance looked like it took 5 years and $220 million to produce, with all it's amazing effects.
5	Wow.  I am still thinking wow and it's been over a week since I've seen the show.  It was my very first Vegas show so I didn't know what to expect but it was great!  The theater was a good size and we had great seats.  We could feel the heat of the fire from the stage!  The story line was good. The actors/actress amazing and talented.  Very good show.  Can't wait to see more shows on my next trips.
2	I have to say I was disappointed with this show. The stunts were not nearly as difficult or spectacular as some of the other shows they do, and it really seemed to drag. I usually don't want a Cirque show to end, but I caught myself checking my watch several times. Go see LOVE instead.
2	I am really thinking this whole Cirque phenomenon needs a breath of fresh air.  While this show was far better than "O", it pales in comparison to Le Reve over at the Wynn.  I did not buy a program for this show or Le Reve.  KA's storyline was impossible to follow without some type of guidance.  I guess the two danish dudes next to me summed it up best when they both fell asleep about half way through.  There were part of the show that were worthy of 4 or 5 stars, but as a whole it really disappoints.  Grunting and Gawhing the whole show for dialogue?  Really?? And I'm suppose to follow this and really understand what happened?  I still don't know what the story was about and those two Danes weren't much help either!
3	Probably the most linearly progressive and easy comprehensive non- English speaking show that bears the Cirque du Soleil badge. That is a bit of a negative to me because I enjoy shows that challenge me to think.The theater is no doubt stunning, large, surrounded by high tech equipment, the ushers are dressed up in performance attire, but the real jewel is the stage. The stage is an enormous square  platform where most of the action happens. The performances that take place on the platform certainly highlight the acrobats of the performers. The story seemed to be heavily influenced by marital arts and probably about 14 acts. Without spoiling the story, Ka is about two twins whom are separated after their palace is raided in which the twins go through adventures finding themselves. There was one particular scene that amazed me which was when the sister seems to be swimming down the ocean to rescue the nursemaid, but in reality the performer whom play the twin was on a rope against the enormous curtain pretending to swim while the nursemaid is slowly departing into the deep ocean. The swimming was very convincing and my mind was blown, that is all. If you plan on buying a frozen drink before the show I would advise you to go with the beer. The Ka Peche was super expensive ($14?) and tasted mostly like cheap super sweet peach drink mix. Where was my rum rum rum?I was a little uncomfortable in my seat because it was jam packed in the theater and I felt as though I was sitting in an airplane (think southwest airlines) with limited leg room.
5	AMAZING SHOW!!! Huge stage, a ton of action all over the place. Had great seats through my VIP host, but looked like every seat is a great 1. Tickets are a little much, but 1 1/2 to 2 hours of a show is very much worth it.
3	Cirque du Soleil shows are always jaw dropping with spectacular theatrics.  However, I wasn't as blown away.  The story line was so confusing.  Especially since there is no dialogue.  I gave up trying to figure out what was going on.  On a plus note...try the large long island iced tea for $18.  It will get you through the show.
5	This show is incredible. I will never forget the images in the show, because they are some of the most beautiful and impressive I have ever seen in a live performance. SO worth seeing if you are in Vegas, these athletes/performers are incredible and make everything they do look effortless. It makes for a great evening, combine dinner and some time at the craps table and you have yourself a perfect Vegas date!
5	This and "O" are the best I've seen.  It hard to compare the two but I remember after seeing both how much I loved them.  Just a great show with great acting and acrobatics.
5	The best show on the Strip hands down!  It blows away all other Cirque shows including 'O'.  I have seen it multiple times and would still pay to see it again.  This is the only show I can recommend to friends visiting town and be positive that they will leave pleased and impressed with such a memorable experience.  The multimillion dollar spinning/flying/transforming stage is a technological wonder in itself.  Incredible choreography and athleticism displayed by the performers.  I'm baffled as to how they aren't injured or killed on a nightly basis...no live lions in the show helps I guess?  If you're going to shell out the big bucks to see a Vegas show, this is one that is worth every penny!*Insider tip*See if they have any specials running for local residents (if you are or know a Vegas local that is.)  Sometimes they offer up to 50% off tickets with local Nevada ID.
3	I recently watched this show for the second time since I saw it once w/o my husband and he really wanted to see it. The show is definitely different from your typical cirque du soleil shows. This one is more focused on Asian themed/ sword fighting/acrobatics. Most cirque du soleil show is like watching a dream with really no plot just different acts of crazy "sitting on the edge of chair" acrobatics. But KA actually has a storyline and nothing was really scary cause they used wires.The language they use and some characters (ie the Tarzan-ish guy) is just hard to take in. Even watching it the second time, it's not my kind of cirque du soleil, so I'm glad for both times I was able to get the tickets for a cheap price.The only thing I really like about the show is the big platform that can go vertical and move around. The last scene with the fighting on the vertical wall was my favorite, but the other parts didn't catch my attention like the other shows do.
5	It's very rare at any point in your life where you are sitting there and think to yourself, wow, I've never seen anything that spectacular in my life.  Ka is the place where that will happen.  Thankfully, it includes a coherent, albeit- simple, plot.  The entire show from the live arrows flying all around the audience, the stage morphing into a different venue, the beautiful shadow puppet intermission, it was simply amazing.  Take any show you have seen in a disney themepark and multiply it by 100.  The show is worth every penny and they are constantly updating it.  Get in there before they get rid of the show.  it was blow your mind.,
4	This was my very first Cirque du Soleil show. My friends and I had heard lots of positive reviews on the show. Our friend found pretty cheap tickets and the seats were pretty close to the front and off to the side.  I think it was an off night, since the majority of the theater was not full.The show was awesome. Not the most heavily aerobatic but still very good. Good story line. Very entertaining up till the very end. When they were fighting on the wall I got bored. Heart the wiggle worm!
5	Hands down BEST SHOW I HAVE EVER SEEN...
2	Surprised by the high reviews for this show.  I love O and really like Mystere. This show was a bit disappointing.  Several wonderful scenes and stunning acrobatics but not enough for me to recommend it. I did not like the costumes, techno music or the warfare theme. Much of the dancing scenes were a bit of a mess and it dragged at times.  They even brought out shadow puppets.  wonderful sequences with batons, a moving wall and ferris wheel type spectaular.  All 6 of us were disappointed.
3	The ambiance was outstanding. There were lots of humor in this show, which I really like. I love that the characters get the audience to be involved. The effects were pretty good as well. Tickets were about $160 each. I would look for a bargain.. (coke Bottle) if you want to see this show. I don't want to spoil the show, so I won't comment on the story line. The story line was so-so and to be honest I felt like it was not worth the money I had paid for. I walked out of there feeling ripped off. The action was not as great as I imagined. i guess I went in with higher expectations. Especially when people were hyping it up. tisk tisk... that should be a sin!
2	Maybe my expectations were too high due to the reviews here but I was ready to leave about 1/2 way through.  And it wasn't just me, 3 of the 6 in our party felt like leaving and the other 3 liked it but wouldn't want to see it again.  Yeah, the actors were OK and there were a few stand out moments but if you pay more than 1/2 price for the tickets, don't do it.  And, yes, I did read up on the show so I knew the story line and I've seen plenty of Cirque du Soleil shows so I also knew what to expect.  Lots of empty seats so you shouldn't have an issue getting some good seats for a discount.  About the only really impressive moment was the vertical fight scene and revolving stage.  From an engineering perspective that was cool.  But when the props are more interesting than the performers, you know you have problems.
4	Second favorite Cirque show!The theater is very big and nice, and so is the stage. Obviously, the farther back the less you see, but it seemed like you could get a decent view of the acts from anywhere you are. Try checking on discount websites to see if you can get deals on closer seats.Acts: Aside from LOVE, this show is also visually pleasing. It's not one of the more colorful ones,  but the fact that the stage is constantly moving keeps you constantly engaged. Your heart skips beats when acrobats are hanging from rods and moving from one to the other. It's like a human pinball machine, or a human plinko if any of you guys watch the Price is Right. Each act is very different from the other, and they get more and more daring and impressive, which I felt was something lacking in "O" and other Cirque shows.The only thing I would complain about is the price of photography. They do this thing where they take a picture of you, airbrush/photoshop it to make you look stunning, then try to sell you a booklet (with like, 3 photos in it) for $40. It just makes you sad, mannnnnnn.Other than that, I'd definitely recommend this show to anyone looking for something to keep them ahhhhhh-ing and ooooohhh-ing.
4	We received free show tickets with our hotel reservation at Circus Circus (which was just about the only positive thing about our stay there, but that's another review), and our first choice was the Saturday KA show.  We were able to reserve 2 seats for the 7pm show.  Neither my boyfriend or I have ever been to a Cirque du Soleil show before, so we didn't really know what to expect other than some colorful costumes and exciting acrobatics.  KA did not disappoint!The story was a little bit tough to follow at times, as there is no (English) spoken dialect, but the choreography and stage effects kept us entertained the entire show.  There were a couple of slower parts which seemed to drag on a little longer than I would have liked, but they were quickly followed by some dramatic scenes with pretty amazing special effects.  Throw in a couple of funny scenes, and we were left feeling very well entertained.  Even my boyfriend liked it, and he is not generally the "show-going" type.Unfortunately, I was sitting next to a couple who seemed more interested in playing grab-ass, whispering, kissing, and giggling with each other than they were in actually watching the show... so my experience may have been tainted a bit by my desire to punch both of them in the face.  Otherwise, it was a great time!  I would definitely be interested in seeing another Cirque show sometime!
1	Too much of a play and not enough circus. I've seen 2 traveling Cirque shows that blows this out of the water. Besides the peg wall and the end where the guy is running on the ball, this show is very boring. I fell asleep 2 different times and the other 3 people I was with were extremely disappointed.
5	The best Cirque show I have seen so far. The actors are amazing!
3	I have to preface this with saying that I have a personal preference for the more colorful and acrobatic shows. If you like martial arts and special effects, then this is the show for you!Without giving too much away, the stage seems to defy physics more than the performers do. It seemed to have a heavy Asian influence and the story, music and special effects really were amazing. I particularly liked the animal costumes - reminds me of the Lion King on Broadway. It's a great show with tons of talented performers, just not my personal favorite.
5	The best show you'll ever go to in Vegas.  I've been to both O and Mystere Cirque shows and this is by far the newest and most captivating.  Lots of wire jumping and feats of one-handed strength that will amaze every minute.The Wheel of Death was the best portion of the show and as much as you may think you've seen it on a youtube video, it's a much different experience when you see these people do the things they do right before your eyes.I will say that the ending could have been more climatic but overall you'll walk away talking about everything you saw for weeks, remembering the key points for a lifetime.
4	I will admit there were some parts that did drag and did not follow the story but I did love it and so did my boyfriend. The best part was the elaborate stage design. It was amazing!!! I started to read the reviews as I sat there waiting for the show to start and I started to regret picking this show. But as the show went on I started to really enjoy it. The performers did mess up in a few scenes but it didn't ruin the show. Someone mentioned on their review that when there were spoken lines they couldn't understand what was being said, but that's the point. It was just jibber jabber. All in all, it was an entertaining and visually striking show. I highly recommend it!
5	From the specially built theater to the revolving stage the size of an aircraft carrier, this magnificent spectacle is my favorite Cirque ever.  A mythological world and culture has been created and populated by the creators of Cirque for this show.  From the tattoo suited macrame creatures who greet you and flit about the theater while the lights go down to the specially adapted speakers in every seat, this production is a masterpiece of engineering and design.This show is a blend of circus, broadway show, and opera with all the fantasy of a children's book.  The inhabitants of a couple of strange lands perform their acts to haunting tunes that gain strength throughout the show.  The combination of lyric meloday and the athletic prowess of the acts is hypnotic.  This may be a more subtle Cirque...it reminded me of operatic productions when I first saw it, but it ends with an big bang production-circus number that is astonishing.I have seen this Cirque five times, and dragged all my pals along, with everything from TixTonite tickets, to casino package specials from MGM.It is a breathtaking tour de force of both visually and acrobatically, and remains my favorite Cirque ever.
3	Not the same as other cirque du soleils.....much more of a play than a traditional cirque show, was dissapointed at how few acts there were...mostly comprised of dancing and a fancy stage/set.....cirque du soleil is starting to spread itself too thin....they need to stop expanding and focus on returning to their roots!
3	This show is pretty incredible and yes, gravity defying, but if you have seen the traveling Cirque shows it may leave you wanting more. The production value and moving stage is something to be seen, and if you can, do. I just thought the show was more choreography than acrobatics. The shifting, ever evolving stage on hydraulic shafts? AMAZING. whoever thought of that should get a medal.
5	We went into this kind of jaded, since we got the tickets free with our package and we have a friend who is anti-Cirque de Soleil.  However, we were seriously wowed by this show.  I have trouble sitting still, but the 1 1/2 hour show just flew by.  I mean, I don't know what else to say, but wow.  There was a little bit of a plot, but even more interesting was all the crazy stuff they did.  It wasn't the "typical" crazy Cirque de Soleil crazy twisty type stuff, it is hard to put it into words.  I guess the best way to put it is we would have definitely paid full price for the tickets.  We just had an awesome time.
4	I have seen this show twice now and it is the best Cirque show I have seen yet (I have not seen O, Love and Believe for full disclosure). Visually this show is amazing with the moving stage, aerials, and 360 degree feel to the show. The first time I saw it I sat front row and it was cool to see the detail of the costumes but, it hurt my neck trying to see everything. The second time I sat a little further back and I was able to see the whole show better.  It is little slow for like 15 minutes when it has a island scene that is kind of a time killer. But, other than that the whole show is very good.
4	It's cirque so u know it's going to be good. The real only flaw is the somewhat vague storyline but who cares about storylines when u r watching incredibly creative set and costume and choreography. After a few beers I realized that the KA storyline is basically star wars.  If you keep that in mind it all makes sense- Luke and princess leah versus Darth vader and the emporor. Easy as that
4	Enjoyed it and thought it was much better than the other Cirque Soleil show OVO we saw in NY. Have a storyline helped but the creative use of a board to simulate mountain climbing and deep ocean diving were very original and creative. The marshal art fightings were also exciting. The place was packed and all tickets were sold out for a Tuesday night show.
5	==KA==This is one of the greatest shows I've seen performed by Cirque Du Soleil. The stadium seating area is huge! And it comes alive all around you as you're waiting for the show to start. They make use of the aisles and everything so be prepared for a good showing. I won't spoil much because you need to see it for yourself. But in this show, they are always moving around this huge rotating, moving platform and makes it purely intense. And the beer is pretty pricey by they give you a HUGE KA plastic cup you can keep :) We were seated somewhere in the middle almost behind a little raised wall platform where performers also walked along this. The view was great and so was the show!!
5	Loved this show- the performers, the music & the stage...yes the stage- it was amazing as it was as much of the show as was everything else.  Loved this show!!!  Be warned that if you get the seats in the very front you will be looking up most of the show...sit a little further back for the "best" seats!
2	I was looking forward to a better show.   I liked the sinking of the invader's ship but everything after that seemed to be too long.  I could be a little bias since two days before I saw "O".   But this seemed more like a play with some action.  I've seen better.
5	Received two complimentary tickets through a Southwest promotion. I'm so glad I chose Ka as the many choices we had to choose from! I would describe it as creative, action packed, and mind boggling. It is amazing what they can do with a floating stage. Seriously, this was my first show I've seen in Vegas and Ka set a high standard. The show consisted of flying aparatuses, martial arts, amazing baton throwing skills, unbelievabl acrobatics, and this stage that was used in every way possible. Just amazing creativity! We were definitely entertained the entire one and half hours! The performers are super talented and brave. My bf was very impressed as well, definitely an either sex satisfaction. The Ka theatre at MGM Grand is spectacular as well...right when you walk in you're in awe. I would watch it again and pay a normal ticket price, whatever it is. My favorite part was the drowning scene, it looked so real.
1	An utter waste of time and money.   KA wasn't at all what I expected, and not in a good way.  Pity, because this was the first Cirque du Soleil show I went to see live, and it was a terrible misfire.  All the other shows I've seen (on TV) were full of "wow..." and "holy cow!" moments.  They blended stunning visuals, music and artistry with the most amazing physical feats.  But the physicality anchored the show.  The rest were adornments.  KA has stunning visuals, music, impressive technology of moving and morphing stages and backdrops, and.... that's about it.  It's not anchored by cool acrobatics, at least no more than you'd see in any high school gymnastics class.    That's too bad, because we went in with so much enthusiasm and anticipation.  The theater itself is highly stylized, thick with ambience, and creates a strong sense of a different time and place [though I wasn't a fan of the speakers in the seat.... too distracting and gimmicky].   Once the show started, I felt increasingly trapped in an endless holding pattern, waiting and wondering when the good stuff was going to start .  It never did.  One particularly painful interlude was the depiction of a ship in a stormy sea.  Wow, they milked that one to death, long after it had gone dry.  The theatrical representation of a ship roiling went on and on and on and on, interminably, with the only thing happening being people being tossed out of the ship into the water, one by one, anticlimactically.  Nope, it's no fun sitting there watching what is essentially one of those swinging Viking ship rides at the amusement park.  For five minutes.The story line itself was dull, uncompelling, tortured by cliche, but we don't go to see Cirque du Soleil for their story lines.  But given that I already felt short-changed by the show, the story line added to my annoyance because it was yet another indicia of how boring KA was.   The only time a genuinely delighted smile came on my face was during the damn, non sequitur hand puppet shadow play interlude.  Yeah, I'm embarrassed that was the highlight of the show for me, but it's the only time I thought "cool, that takes some skill."  Sad but true.The star of the show was the stage.  All the breathtaking feats of human physical strength, agility,  grace, synchronization, movement, transformation, endurance you would expect were replaced by a high tech, multitasking stage and plays on light.  The actors were there to frame and demonstrate for you how amazing the stage was.  It should be the other way around, no?  Yawn.The glowing reviews here are misleading.  Yes, KA could be an entertaining stage show.  No, it's not a Cirque du Soleil show.   Maybe I missed some grand finale, because after about an hour I could take no more and walked out.  At the end of the day, there's a reason why KA tickets were on a 25% off sale.  Buyer beware.
4	We went to Cirque du Soleil - Zumanity and LOVED IT.
5	AMAZING!!! I  didn't even know the human body could do the things that these people did. It is expensive but worth it. I was entertained from start to finish and there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house. The story line was fun and engaging and it was over the top without being too weird. So much fun and so worth seeing.
5	I saw this show almost two years ago. It was a definite must see on my Cirque Du Soleil list. Honestly, I wanted to see this show more after I saw it featured on an episode of CSI (hehe). This is a different format from your typical Cirque Du Soleil show. Many of their shows feature dreamlike and abstract story lines. This show was more like an action movie!One of the coolest scenes is when there is a fight scene choreographed on a perpendicular stage. It's amazing how visual these shows are. You're always surprised. If you pay attention to the "sand" they have, it's actually made of cut up corks!Tickets for this show are reasonable compared to other shows like "O". You can find discounts online, so if you want to check out a show but are on a budget, check Ka out!
5	first time ever trying to see a show in Vegas, so heard good things about this show and got a 50% off the regular ticket price deal from the hotel promo.  We sat at BB in section 202 for $88 + tax + fee per person.  These are good seats because you are at the center of the entire theatre, so it is not too close that you can't see the entire stage, and it is not too far that you can't see some details.  The show was just amazing!  EAch scene was breathtaking, and the usage of the stage and special effects was just incredible.  This is the 1st cirque du Soleil show we have ever seen and we chose it over O because we like martial arts and more story telling.    It's a show that you must watch!!
2	Meh, I mean, if it were free I guess. We splurged on some front row seats.. Yeahhhhhhhhhh.. dont do that. Basically you see bits of the stage as opposed to seeing the entire thing. The venue is awesome, as well as the entrance. But, the show.. it's more focused on the story than the greatness that is cirque de soleil. Id rather have my mind blown, as usual.. than have a story book reenacted. I dont know, I left with a "thats it?!" ohhh, and kind of fell asleep through the last 15 minutes. Sucks, that was my bf's first cirque de soliel show, and I totally dissapointed him, bummer. On to the next one.
5	a great show to go to in Vegas.
5	Ok so here is another from my list of top 5 shows in Vegas!KA, is bleeping fantastic. Is more than a show is more like an experience of a lifetime! No show has the rotating stage in which performers utilize in such a skilled and clever way. I have seen this show twice in the last few years. Both times unforgettable. This is a show worth the money spent.Perfect show for the family as well!The venue is set up nice, roomy theatre style seats in which you have space, not dry humping legs with the person sitting next to you. Not really any bad seats in this venue. Not only stage presentation but also arial acts as well, sitting in the front rows is NOT neccessary for this show. I could feel the fire and ice from the stage 10 rows away which was perfect seating in my opinion.Have seen twice so far and will go every opportunity I get!
5	I watched Le Reve, Beatles LOVE and KA. Enjoyed KA the most out of all three. The stage and special effects were mind-blowing. I would love to watch this show again.
4	The theatrics/acrobatics is great. I was initially concerned that sitting toward the back of the theater was going to suck, however, I was surprised to be able to see and hear everything perfectly without any strain. It's pretty intense and amazing to see what these people can do on a crazy moving stage and some crazy costumes. But these professionals made everything look so easy and cool considering all the challenges that they have to encounter during the show.I would have put a full five stars if it weren't for the rowdy, DRUNK b*tch that sat next to me, kicking me at random times and distracting me from enjoying the show. Yeah, she reeked of alcohol and was beyond a hot mess...Minus the drunk b*tch beside me, I'd definitely would go back to hopefully not encounter people like her so I can fully enjoy it. And while the show is somewhat expensive, it's totally worth it considering all the cool elements involved in the show.
4	this was a good show, just not my personal favorite. I had seen Le Reve right before, and I thought that show blew KA out of the water. But then again, they are different. KA is more acrobatic and theatrical, narrating a story more than anything. Le Reve has acrobats and dance. For me, Le Reve was just more entertaining. BUT, the acrobats on KA were amazing. Especially the guys on the wheels...almost stopped my heart! so they definitely have some amazing stunts. It also definitely has an asian influence. I liked that at the beginning of the show, they tell you the moral of the story. Most cirque du soleils are hard to understand and its difficult to follow the story, but this one made sense. overall, I just expected more acrobatic stunts, but i wouldn't say i was disappointed. Still a great show, but Le Reve and O are better i think.
5	Ka starts off slow, but then blows you away . This is the show that Spiderman on Broadway can only dream to be. It is a very different type of cirque du soleil. It is a special effects blockbuster with a bunch of Wow moments.
5	amazing. truly. to thnk that people's bodies are capable of such things and that others can come up with the technical specs for this kind of production astounds me. I have no been disappointed with Cirque yet. Yes it can be pricey but once you see it, youll understand EXACTLY why these tickets arent cheap. its worth it. see it.oh and do NOT take pictures whie the show is going on. not only is it annoying to see but its also dangerous. we saw them take 4 peoples cameras due to grown adults not being abe to follow a simple rule of NOT taking a picture....
1	I agree 100% with Deco G's review on 5/16/11.  I saw the show 2 yrs ago and have seen several Cirque shows.  We kept waiting for it to get better and wish we had walked out and demanded our money back.  I can only say if you have never seen a good Cirque de Soleil performance, you would find this slightly interesting because its not something you have ever seen before. Don't waste your money, really, there are so many other things to see that are better.
5	Holy Crap!!!! Mind Blowing.  From the minute you walk in this place and feast your eyes on the larger than life stage/arena you are in complete amazement.  The strange actors are already in full show mode when you are trying to find your seat...they are talking in some great made-up languages/grunts, swinging from the rafters, and just creating an ambiance like no other.  My date/cousin cancelled on me last minute so I ended up seeing this show alone and enjoyed it just the same.  I had no clue I would be walking into such a spectacle. I'm not going to ruin the show...I'm just going to say that I felt like I was in a dream or a Final Fantasy Video Game.  There isn't a word of English in the show but its not even needed...it puts you in a whole other world when you can make up your own story for what they are saying.  The stage alone is worth the price of admission! wow!  I can't wait to see the other Cirque shows now!!
3	Maybe i'm just not that artsy, but i thought this show was just okay. Granted my girlfriends & i had been drinking all day at the pool, so this was definitely a change of pace. I didn't follow any type of story, but some of the acro was cool. We were planning on going out to a club afterward to celebrate my friend's bachelorette party, but we were so tired from the serene music and dark room that we just went to bed.
5	HOLY CRAP! Seriously the BEST show I've EVER seen in my life. The costumes, the music, the choreography, the stage sets, the atmosphere, EVERYTHING was PHENOMINAL! You could literally sit in any section of the theatre and would have a great view. The only thing that bummed me out was the drinks..$15 for a slushy "margarita" that didn't have ANY alcohol in it, but I can't really deduct any stars since it had nothing to do with the KA show...AMAZING PERFORMERS!
5	I've seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows, and KA is by far the best one.  It is AMAZING!   Never a dull moment, very exciting, action packed.  The stage is incredible.  It is a MUST SEE!
5	Fan-freakin'-tastic. This is one of the few shows in my life I would go see again and again and again. I also think this is the best Cirque show to take a "manly man" to see, as he will enjoy the martial arts elements, the stage, and the fact that there is an actual storyline.There truly is not a bad seat in the house. I actually wish I had gotten WORSE seats so that I could have taken in everything from a distance.I can't recommend this show enough!
5	For living in Las Vegas, I have not seen that many shows. When Cirque does their two for one locals deal, I am always on the search for KA tickets. I work in an industry that sees quite a few tourist come and when they ask for a must see show, KA is always the immediate response because it is superb in every sense. The stage, costumes, music, acting, and stunts always leaves me in awe. The rich Asian theme, elaborate costumes, and use of the elements (heavy on the fire) made for an entertaining show.
2	My least favorite cirque show so far. The visuals are great, but they spent to much money on the amazing set and not enough on recruiting the headliner acrobatic acts. Half the show felt like a mediocre Kung Fu exhibition.  There were some highlights, but overall it was a disappointment. Go see O or another show.  If you do go, sit back from the front a little so you can take it all in.
5	This show is a memorable event, truly amazing.  Ka is my first Cirque experience, and I am afraid it's spoiled me.Located at the MGM in Las Vegas, this event is permanently housed here because of its ornate set design and mechanics.  Tickets can be reasonably found, and it's a sight to behold.The story follows a prince and princess running from an evil character looking to capture them.  Acrobatics, martial arts, and aerial feats are all incorporated.  The action runs across the stage, and above the stage.  They make use of mobile platforms to create illusions that are really a wonder to see.With all the great things to do in vegas, I could see myself attending again, and still walking away feeling like it was a great use of my time.Go, watch, listen, and enjoy.
5	Mind Blowing! !!!!!!!!      My spouse, 18 yr. old son (who is a "pill", not easily impressed), and I saw Ka and it blew our minds!   ...................WOW........  Phenomenal.............. Freaking Fantastic..........OMG ! !This is the 7th Cirque show we have seen ( Kooza, Mystere, "O", Saltimbanco, etc.)--- This one is our FAVORITE of all we've seen-   this is the BEST EVER!  Gorgeous sets, costumes, choreography...  Excellent, haunting MUSIC.The "stage" is a platform that rotates, and changes from vertical to horizontal.  Amazing.  It starts out as a boat, then becomes the ocean, ice, a battlground, a beach, etc.  Costumes:  Loved them all.... the crab, millipede and star fish were great.Two of the acrobatic acts were in former Cirq. shows-- the two guys in the twin spinning round "ferris wheel" type things... and the acrobat who hangs on two long cloth cords and swoops and somersaults (what a great body!!!).   Was happy as heck to see them again-- they are both excellent acts.  Very talented.Loved them.  Loved it all.  Worth every penny....... When it ended after 1 hour and 45 minutes, I was so hoping that it was just an intermission.  The time went by soooo quickly.  When it ended I thought it had onlyi been about 30 minutes or so.  Beautiful. Haunting.  Creative.  Excellent.  Go see it.
4	this show was great!! if you love fire and acrobatic stuff you will love this show!! its good for families as well. this was the 3rd cirque du soleii show they never dissapoint me. the set was awesome and costumes!
5	Nothing I can add that hasn't already been said in the many reviews left previously, but wanted to share my 5 stars. KA was an amazing, immersing show. I believe this is the only Cirque show in Vegas with a distinct story line. We got a discount on the tickets since we were staying at the MGM. I loved it so much I bought a shirt at the gift shop :)
2	Did not like this show.......this show was boring to me...the story line was lame..now this review is not for the performers...They are simply amazing and their performance is trully a gift...but I also need something to keep me intrested and this show didnt have it...save your money and see Le Reve instead :)
4	Definitely loved KA!!  Visually stunning and beautiful.  This was my second Cirque du Soleil.  Definitely worth the $$$.  You'll never see anything else like it. But as much as I loved KA, I still loved O so much more because of the water.  Sorry.Both are awesome!!!!!
4	... hmm, yet another great Cirque.  ODDThis wasn't my wife's favorite show, but I thought it was pretty good.  A lot of martial art type acrobats in which I could see could grab the attention of guys more than some of the other Cirques.  The stage is huge and there are sections over the crowd that they perform on as well that makes you feel in the action.  All in all, very good show.
3	I'm not sure how this show got 4 stars but I didn't really enjoy it, really. It was my first cirque du soleil show and I'll never watch another one if all their shows are like the KA one. I got the tickets for free and I sat pretty close. I was extremely excited when it first started, the fire, the costumes, etc. But as the storyline went on, too much shit was going on and I didn't understand any of it. It's Las Vegas - I haven't been sleeping, it's dark and cool in here, if I'm not entertained, i will fall asleep. Which point blank, did happen - kind of. I didn't entirely knock out, it took every ounce of energy for me to not fall asleep. It was pretty boring and I was unimpressed. Sure, the moves were amazing (i don't doubt that, there's no way that I could do half the things they do on the stage). But the show just didn't hold my attention whatsoever. For the last 30 minutes, I was hoping that it would end ASAP so I could leave.The concession stand was cheaper than other shows though, $6 for beer/pop and you get huge cup! And popcorn was pretty cheap (comparable to theatre prices). I wouldn't want to watch this if I had to pay for my tickets and I got pretty close seats. Honestly, don't cheap out on the seats... if you get seated too far back, you won't see anything.
5	Ah, KA, one of my first Cirque shows to see in Vegas and I can't believe I haven't reviewed it.  This was the way Cirque shows were meant to be seen at a permanent location in Vegas.  Don't get me wrong the traveling shows that come up to the Portland area are very good as well it's just the seating, etc., that sometimes is less than desirable.That said this show was both entertaining and as well as awe inspiring.  I only wish I could do a small measure of what these talent performers pull off at least ten times a week.This is a not to miss performance when you are in the Vegas area.  I'd like to see it again.
5	My very first Cirque du Soleil experience!Saw this show in 2006 and was very impressed!  Too bad this was the same night we got in from the first half of my vacation at Disneyland and kept falling in and out of sleep.  Not because it was boring, but I was just soo tired!What I did see, I enjoyed: people falling from the ceiling in the lobby area as you walk in (on bungee cords of course), the theater itself - massive and beautiful!  And all of the props, costumes, acrobatics! Craziness!  And I loved every bit of it (in between my little cat naps)!Ever since then, I've been hooked - I saw La Nouba while in Disney World and Alegria here at home - all great shows and experiences!  Can't wait to see more shows!
1	Highly disappointed. I have seen several shows to include travelling shows and Ka has got to be my least favorite of the Cirque du Soleil. I feel like it wasn't to the standard Cirque has set for its shows. I do not blame the actors, they did their part. The show just needs a trip back to the drawing board.  However, there were a couple of very memorable scenes but they could not save the show. My boyfriend fell asleep and he is a bigger fan of the shows then me. Also, judging by the audinence's reaction I can say that the majority of people were unimpressed as well. Very little clapping and zilch awe's and oh's. There are built in speakers in the seats. Probably to keep you alert, which you will definitely need when watching this show. Unfortunately, it was not enough to keep my bf awake. Upon entry into the theatre it looks as though some crazy shit is gonna  go down. There are several huge columns on either side from floor to ceiling but don't let that fool you, actors do a bit of swinging between the different levels, that's pretty much it. Maybe if this is your first Cirque show you would be in love, but as for this girl I can say I am not. I wish I could recommend this show; it doesn't make me feel good to write a negative review... it just wasn't for me or the boyfriend.Side note: Was the music and singing live? Not that it would have saved the show, but it is what I have come to expect when seeing these shows.
5	If you're a fan of the Cirque genre, you'll love KA. And if you're a techie geek, you'll think you've died and gone to heaven. This show is a technological tour de force. The star of the show IMHO is the remarkable stages that have en eerie, organic quality. You have to keep reminding yourself that you're not watching an overwraught Michael Bay sci-fi movie with too many CGI effects. You're watching real things and real people moving in beautiful, artistic, and often quite daring ways. The story is not too clear, but the intention is, and we left feeling completely satisfied, and totally impressed. Definitely recommend it!
5	What can I say about this show that hasn't already been said? This was my second Cirque show (the first being Mystere) and it did not disappoint. The set and acrobatics were amazing! Ladies- Keep on the look out for sparkly Tarzan ;)
5	Watched the show on a Saturday evening, April 16, 2011.This was the first show I've ever watched in Vegas, as well as my first Cirque du Soleil show... and I do believe it set the bar too high!I was mesmerized... at least while I was awake.  Sadly, I had worked the night before, and was going on my 23rd waking hour -- my eyes simply closed on its own.  I think I had to have nodded off 4 times toward the end.  But this only means I can enjoy the show a second time someday, as if I was watching it for the first time!*Nerd alert* If you're a fan of RPGs, I swear these French guys got a lot of inspiration from Final Fantasy X.  Think: lost at sea and washing ashore, to find yourself on an island with weird monsters with cutesy music int he background.The show has a lot of "martial arts" influence, but those who do study it may be displeased to see how "weak" the fight scenes are.  This is no Jet Li movie.  If you can appreciate that they draw inspiration from martial arts to include it in their dance, then you may be less disappointed.Oh, and if you're not in Vegas often, and don't see shows often... you might as well splurge for good seats!  You're probably never gonna see it again, so you might as well enjoy it with the best view you can afford!
5	I have yet to watch a show in vegas I don't like. Make it Cirque Du Soleil and i'm there. Many have said Ka is better than O, but thats just apples and oranges: which one you like is all about preference. O had a bit more of an ethereal vibe to the production minus a tangible storyline. Ka on the other hand, was very simple to understand since it centered on the 2 main characters. Even without dialogue one knew what was going on. Notables- well made set designs, extremely breathtaking. Built in such a way that every inch of the theater was utilized to its maximum potential. LITERALLY!! Sound effects as well as music would blast from the speakers embedded in our seats. The projection of bubbles on the see through screen which gave the illusion that the actors were swimming in water: Amazing! I actually thought it was a pre-recorded video until everyone told me otherwise. The Manmade bird that flew right above the audiences, letting us have a glimpse of the humans actually controlling it was great but the most amazing would be the moving platform on stage. Leaving the theater, I wondered how deep down the stage floor actually went. - acrobatics. The fact that my heart jumps into my throat every time is just one of the things I love so much about Cirque du Soleil. When the girl twin danced in the sky with the sparkly half naked dude was my favorite part of the show. Seriously.. he was twice her size yet she flung him around like a feather!!The only thing that I had a problem with was the final battle scene on the completely vertical platform (Im assuming they believed it to look cooler than it really turned out to be) and the overly sappy storyline. Overall, great show!!!
5	From the moment you walk into the theatre, you are engulfed in the environment of the show.  Not really a bad seat in the house!  There are speakers located in each of the comfy seats so you really feel involved in the show the entire time.One of the employees gave us some interesting facts about the show and took time out to show us around!!  Thanks for the hospitality.Great locals discount also.  Like that Cirque show alot!!
5	I picked the right show to pop my Cirque du Soleil cherry.  Tickets set me back $140 a piece, but it was well worth the price tag.  One thing to note is that this isn't your typical Cirque du Soleil show, but that doesn't mean its bad.  This show isn't focused primarily on humor or acrobatics as you normally expect from Cirque du Soleil.  Instead this show focused more on martial arts and visuals with a touch of acrobatics here and there.  The theater itself is gorgeous.  There are balconies off to each side of the theater for the performers to utilize.  The stage itself is amazing.  It raises, rotates, and does all kinds of crazy things that really allows for flexibility in the show.  Rather than just having a horizontal platform for a performance they are able to use it vertically to simulate things such as the ocean or the side of a mountain.I did feel that some portions of the show were a bit slow.  However the action portions more than made up for it.
5	Love this show!I've seen Ka on several occasions and never get tired of it. The story is very dynamic and the performers are amazing. The incorporation of martial arts and gymnastics into the show is very entertaining and I think this aspect definitely makes it more enticing for men to enjoy as well. The staging is beyond amazing. It has to be the best staging I have ever seen in a live show. The special effects enhance the performance and work very well with the choreography creating a much more dynamic and dramatic live show. I highly recommend this show, it's one of my favorite Cirque shows!
3	Of all of the Cirque shows I have been too, this one was my least favorite. I guess it depends on what part of Cirque you like...me personally..I like the crazy acrobatic stunts and the tumbling. This show was more storyline centric though. Frankly there were times during the show where I was just bored and waiting for something exciting to happen. That's never been the case for me at any other Cirque shows.The theatre was pretty sweet though, and there was actually some audience interaction by the actors, which was pretty cool. Also the whole stage setup and props were just AMAZING. I've never seen a rotating stage like that before. Pretty damn awesome.
4	Ka was a fabulous show, well worth the pricey tickets... The stereo speakers in your seat bring the sounds alive. I wish they had done a better job of warning us that there would be indoor fireworks and gun powder effects, as the person I was with was a war veteran and got quite shook up (there were no signs, nothing in the program)...but it was an amazing experience.The stage (which became completely vertical at times) was interesting, in and of itself...The acrobats in the "hamster wheels" took my breath away.
1	We went on 8/10/11 at 9:30 pm show.  Wow, KA suck!  That is the only Wow they gonna get from me.  We wasted our time and energy.  KA was a big, all capital D, DISAPPOINTMENT.  I rated the show one star for stage, theater, and the costumes.  everything else about the show was not rateable, haha.  I wanted to rate lower but I'm reasonable.  I'm embarrassed to say I spent $137 per ticket for three, wife and son came along, spending over $400.  Bullshit!  I even have to apologized to wife and son how SUCK the show was.  The show doesn't live up to a Cirque and Vegas caliber.  The show is so overrated by fellow Yelpers and in Vegas.  If you get free tickets and want to relax from the day of sightseeing of Vegas, then go, because the theater is nice cool with comfortable seats, haha.The show started off slow and continued to be slow.  I was waiting for the climax and continued to wait, nothing happen.  Oh, before I forget, saw a couple in the front row walk off in the middle of the show.  We were in the third row center.  That how SUCK it was.  The martial art was poor.  I called it kids stuff, very embarrassing to the martial art world.  Acrobatically, were there any?  If you say, guys and girls running around and jumping around, Acrobat, then go see it.  The show has to be rewritten to last.  I don't think it will last 'til next year.  It did have a storyline buy so what.  Every other show has some kind of storyline.If you want a Vegas Cirque show, go see "O" at Bellagio.  It's a badass Cirque show.  Spend some money and get good seats between row 10 and 5 from the stage.  The next Cirque show if you want another Cirque show, then, go see La Reve at the Wynn.  La Reve was OK, nothing wows you.  "O" has that wow effects on you.  Everything about "O" has that wow effects from the theater to the show.  Trust me do not go see KA, wasting your time and cash.
4	I've seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows. KA was my first one. I have to say while it was pretty impressive, it isn't enough for me to give it 5 stars. That would go to Mystere. ;)The performances was pretty incredible and the staging is amazing. At times, it would even turn vertical! Choreography went well with everything. It was a shorter show than I expected (only one and a half hour). My favorite would have to be the acrobats on the hamster wheels. Cannot describe with words, but can only stare in awe. All in all, I would recommend!
5	I LOVED this show!!This was the 2nd Cirque du Soleil show I've seen (the first was Ovo). The storyline was great, the special effects were wonderful, as were the performers. It was amazing from start to finish. I enjoyed the theater as well - it was one of those Cirque shows that took place in the aisles, on the sides of the theater, above your head as well as on the stage in front. I thought this was a very entertaining show, and it was the highlight of our trip to Vegas. I saw Mystere the same night, and in my opinion, though Mystere was nice, it wasn't in the same "league" as Ka.
4	With Cirque du Soleil virtually taking over the strip there are so many shows to choose from it hard to pick one cirque show to watch on short weekend trip. This is one of the more expensive shows by cirque. We paid quite a bit to get good seats. The production values are top notch and this show actually has a story unlike other shows by cirque which are more of theme IMO. The moving stage is spectacular and so are the drums and as they really pump up the place. Lots of action and it is intense so I wouldn't recommend it to younger kids. Mind you there are some bad seats so be wary and make sure you get a good spot as the prices are pretty high for this show (the highest for a show on the strip if I recall)Recommended for sure.
2	This was one strange concoction by Cirque.  You hear this is Cirque's attempt at telling a story.  Umm... yeah.  The story made no sense.  An Asian couple from the Shogun era is separated and one goes on a deep see adventure and the other finds themselves inside the movie Metropolis.  Is this making sense to you?  Me neither.If, like me, you believed this show was like a Chinese Acrobat show on steroids -- think again.  The entire Asian angle actually serves no purpose except to provide fierce painted masks for advertizing.  Every twenty minutes ninja like fight scenes break out, but they were tame and repetitive.  I saw the later show and the players looked weary. Some of the gentler bits were long, lame, forgettable, and should have been cut and replaced YEARS ago.  One such act I remember (it's only been two days at this writing) is an Asian girl twirling a baton.  That's right -- over a hundred dollars a seat to watch baton twirling.  That said, I'd keep the shadow puppet bit -- providing what was on each side side of it was amazing.The show, however, isn't a total bust.  There are some terribly memorable images.  I don't want to wreck them, but the 'storm' scene was great and what immediately followed (with the bubbles) was literally tear jerking.  The clowns playing with the 'animals' soon afterwards was also quite fun.But you can't discuss KA without discussing the B I G hydraulic device.  This 'device' is the most unique device you've ever seen in any show.  Without giving much away, any engineer will have his jaw agape the entire time this device is used, which is almost half the show.  If you're not an engineer, you'll still be absolutely amazed.  It had to cost a few zillion dollars by itself.So here's the thing.  The device was the genius of this show, and makes it almost worth seeing.  The remainder of the show, story wise and conceptually, I'm sorry -- is a pleasant misfire of a disaster.  If I had my way, I'd have this show close for a few months.  Remove and replace about four sequences.  Fix the story.  Remove the big flames and fireworks, or at least work them in a way that isn't so desperate.BIGGEST NOTE:  If you're going to make this an Asian battle show, and have that big battle at the end on the device, and have acrobats on wires -- finish the thought.  That is, have a landscape battle with wires, a la CROUCHING DRAGON.  Why not?  You already have people wired up.  And so have a SPECTACULAR battle.  Have men on stage with arrows 'shooting' dudes in the side towers.  I'm not a battle person at all but if you're going to make dinner... SERVE IT.Cirque can do way better than this half baked concoction.  KA nails the big stuff.  Now it needs to retool the little things.  O, MYSTERE, and Beatles LOVE better.  See these shows instead.
5	This was my first Las Vegas show and I loved it. Our tickets were complementary when we booked out hotel and I was thinking they would be ehh seats but I was wrong, the seats were great. The show was at the MGM Grand just across the way from our hotel, very easy access. The theater seemed packed and once the show began I forgot I was surrounded by hundreds of other people. The show sucked me in, not only the amazing circus acts and skill but the story that was apparent throughout. The hour and a half that it lasted breezed by far too quickly. I would suggest this show to anyone especially a first timer in Vegas. Although I am sure any show you see in Vegas will blow you away.
3	For 150$ bucks a seat, not worth it. There were a few times where I was very impressed  with the acrobatics however I felt that there were some slow parts. It took 45 min into the show to really see anything amazing. There were a few comedic parts and I was more impressed with the sea lions at SeaWorld. Go see KA only if you can get a heavily discounted ticket!!
5	Unsure at first, but definitely worth the money and amazing show!  A mix between The Matrix and Avatar with a lot of ninja type stunts.  Great for all ages and all people.  Get there early, drink lines are long!!!
1	This is one seriously boring show.  I do not know what show the other people that give this a great review are watching.  I fought the entire time to stay awake.  Even my GF couldn't take it anymore and we left before the show was over.If you are expecting some daredevil acrobatics and daredevil human tricks, you won't get it here.  At least not until the very end when they do the human hamster wheel.  But, by that time, even the human hamster wheel can't save you from total boredom.There is simply too much  modern dancing, storytelling, and nothing to keep you entertained.  The moving stage is amazing, but that does not make for a good show.  The storyline is impossible to follow.  If you don't believe me, go to wikipedia, read the storyline and then imagine if you could possibly get that from watching a show where nobody is talking.  WTF?This show sucked.  Simple as that.
3	Went to see this show this past Saturday night.  Unfortunately, the experience did not live up these rave reviews at all.  It took a good 30 minutes for the show to interested- and by then my bf was deep asleep.  The show really needs to be reworked- the stupid baton scene as well as the beach scene with the sea creatures was totally ridiculous.  Overall there were like 4 really interesting scenes, but I definitely feel like Cirque is holding back on us.  In the past I've seen O and Mystere- and those are really amazing and the performers totally push it to the limit.  I also have NO idea what the story line for this show is supposed to be- it literally made no sense while I was watching it, so I made a mental note to just disregard the story line and just enjoy the experience.If you plan on going, make sure you book through ticketmaster and type "summer" in the box to get a better deal- and know that seat location doesnt really matter because the seating area is relatively small.
4	I definitely enjoyed it, though I can't say it was the best Cirque show I've ever seen. As others have mentioned, there's definitely a story here, unlike many of the other Cirque shows that are kind of a mish mash of stuff. Loved the rotating floor...it's really something to see. Wait for the part where it goes vertical - awesome. I wished there was a teeny tiny bit more in the way of acrobatics - aerial silks and other aerial arts arts are my fave part and there was only one section of this. But, that section was pretty awesome. For you fellow lushes out there, they have a deal where you can get like a 32 oz beer for $11 or something with $7 refills that you can take out of the theater onto the MGM Grand floor. Sweet! Yeah, yeah...i know you get drinks for free if you're gambling, but let's speak truth - those waitresses stay away from the penny slots like the plague. But, I digress. Before the show starts, there's this REALLY awesome thing that happens over by the bar area. Just look up, you'll see what I'm saying.There's no intermission, so make sure you pee before you go in, or you'll undoubtedly miss something cool. As in most Cirque shows, there's really not a bad seat in the house. Definitely check it out if you can find discount tix - I don't know if I'd pay $100+ per ticket for this show, but we found ours for like $60 apiece. Totally worth it.
1	WORST OF ALL THE CdS shows.. by farrrr the worst.. first of all it's the largest of all the theaters by a long measure, so even though you're paying a lot for the ticket, it doesn't mean that you actually sit close at all.  for the same money you could buy a ticket for O or Mystere or Love, sit in a theater half the size, and you could even sit in the balcony and still be closer then a premium seat at Ka.second of all.. the stunts are just terrible.. i see better stunts in a jet li movie, and at least there's no visible wires in the movie.  its really just terrible... the whole show is just a terrible chinatown parade mishmashed with asian martial arts demo.. seriously no artistry or amazing human feats at all..  might as well go see the circus circus midway shows for similar performances..the only plus i give it.. is that compared to other CdS shows, this one actually has a plot and storyline.. but other then that it's really just a bad bad bad bad show..
5	One of the better Cirque du Solei's.     The technology distracts from the story at times.
3	i've wanted to see a cirque show for some time now and this was the first cirque show for my friend and i.. we got discount tix at one of those booths 2 hrs before the show.. our seats were first section, left side and being on the side wasn't bad.. we actually couldv'e gotten second section seats and it would've been fine bc the stage wasn't that far up.. within a min of starting the show i knew my friend would get bored and fall asleep.. lo and behold, i was right haha.. there's a storyline to this show but there were parts of it i just wasn't interested in.. there were a few scenes i loved though because of the bright lights and visuals.. the show is 1.5 hr with no intermission.. which was good so my friend would be put out of their misery.. glad ka was our first show to watch together.. now, on to the next! le reve, zumanity, o..
4	Reading the reviews this one is all over the place.  You have some people that hate it and some people that love it.   First this is a little different then some of the other CDS shows in that the story line is a major part.  This one really does have a story to tell and I like the change up.  The other really great point is the moving stage. That is really a unique idea and introduces some interesting elements that make the show different then the others.The show tricks are really focused on the stage and the (as one person posted) the human hamster wheels.  This is different then some of the other shows that have four or five other major stunt acts.  There were a few slower parts of the show, but I thought they added to the story and made for some good acts.   I really disagree with people giving it one or two stars, but would struggle to go all out on the five stars.  To me, it was a strong four star show and worth seeing.  You can say leaving the show that it is one of a kind.
4	Wow - what a mix of opinions on this show. Yelpers don't hold back, that's for sure!I have seen many Cirque shows over the years and all of them are different, yet all of them feature amazing acrobatics and daredevil stunts too. Some have a solid story line, and some it is barely comprehendable. KA fell into that category. A thin story line, but wonderfully talented acrobats and gymnasts.When I saw this show not too long ago we had center orchestra seats that offered a great view of the stage. In fact, the stage is the big star of the show. The technology use to create and move that stage into all sorts of motions is incredible. The cast is terrific and the scenes are like a mashup of ninja moves and adventure flicks. As always, the trained physicallity of the cast is beyond belief. I would be sent to a hospital in traction if I attempted any of these moves!I also liked the venue. Nice seats with good legroom. Seems like every seat has a great view. Cranking air conditioning too.The costumes are colorful, great set design, the Wheel Of Death is thrilling, the music is wonderful, the hydraulic stage is cool technology, and the story itself is like watching a Chinese opera. With exciting ninja acrobats!
4	parking at any casino in las vegas is AWAY from the casino.  I've seen the highlights for this show and the highlights REALLY make you want to see this show.I can't say anything bad about it, but its one of the few times i've felt disappointed compared to the OTHER Cirque shows.  But it STILL GETS 4 Stars.I have to admit that we had arrived at Las Vegas and had done quite a bit by the time we saw this show.  I went with my parents of all things.  We got a good deal because we saw two shows of Cirque.  We also so some other shows and it was REALLY HOT this particular summer.  We FELL ASLEEP at one point, EACH OF US.  LMAO. That still doesn't take away another star, it is still 4 stars.They stage tilts, they fall and they have sand on the stage that tilts and its just a WONDER to watch.  I really want to see this again, the actors told the story without saying ONE WORD.  Its just wonderful.  Give the show a go.
2	We've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows... This was a disappointment.  The "star" of the show was the stage.  Otherwise, it was completely forgettable.
4	KA is a great show that tells a story along the way ( I won't spoil it ).  The whole show revolves around this "universal" platform that spins, tips, rocks, etc... and they perform a bunch of different acts on this one place.  It features lots of incredible high flying stunts so it's keeps you on the edge.  There's great humor and again, a story.  I'd recommend this show to anyone looking who's already seen Mystere and O.  it's another Cirque celebration!
4	I have seen this show about five times with customers. It never seems to disappoint!  Personally I believe this is one of the best cirque shows.
3	The beginning is slow...not many cool things going on at first, but it does pick up with some really cool dancing and swinging around throughout the show...and cool music.  A martial-arts themed show with a lot of ninja-type action.  Cool storyline.I guess I was just expecting more, considering it's one of the best and most expensive shows in Vegas.My boyfriend loved it though.  It was his first show in Vegas and had nothing but great things to say about it.
3	For cirque de soleil, I am not very impressed. When that word comes to mind, it invokes lots of mind boggling acrobatic. The play focused more on Details such as costume and their expensive rotating stage. This show was ok as best. My favorite so far have bee, O, Mystere, and phantom of the opera( I know that's not cirque de soleil)
3	I had such high expectations for this show but maybe they were too high because it was just OK. however, the theater was impressive. there was a part where they portray a rocking ship during one scene and the whole stage where they were on were rocking. and it really did look like a rocking ship. also there was the huge vertical wall where they perform while sliding across left to right, up, down etc. IBut the show itself, I thought was not five stars for a cirque de soleil production. i guess i like it more when they visit the city and the theater is not as big, so you get more up close to the performers and the special effects/lighting.
5	This was my second time seeing KA. And I'm happy to say, the second time around was just as good as the first. We got tickets for about $60ish/seat. Really, there is no need to pay $100+ to sit up close. Every seat in the house has a fantastic view of the stage. Not to mention, when you do sit in the front rows, you would have to crank your head 90 degrees to the right and left to take in what's happening since the performance is not restricted to the stage only.Speaking of stage, the stage for this performance is amazing. It's awesome seeing something so gigantic being moved in all sorts of positions.This show is great for everyone. There are parts of the show where it is quite entertaining for children. The fighting scenes are captivating. One thing I really like about this performance is that you dont have to know English (or any other language for that matter) to be able to comprehend the plot.The presentation of KA differs greatly from O and Mystere. If you haven't seen this show, go and see it! :Dps. Instead of waiting in the long drink line, you can bring drinks from outside. It'll save you time and a couple of cents =)
5	Just amazing! never thought something like this can be done live on stage. For me & my wife KA was our very first show of Vegas. We saw zumanity & lion king afterwards during our stay. But still KA was different experience on good side. Our seats in section 201/FF/23 & 24, good view of stage from here.
5	WOWZERS!!!!! This is one of the many words that came from my mouth when I saw this show along with Omg, that's amazing, and again WOOOW! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this show! I have seen ALL of the Las Vegas Cirque shows and KA is by far my favorite of all time!!! Action packed, breathless stunts, The props were amazing, I felt like I was watching a video game when looking at some of the scenes and characters movements! The costumes were so unique and detailed, the choreography was amazing, I mean the show was like being in a dream! The moving and rotating stage is one of a kind. Great show for the whole family! If you want to see a Cirque show and can't decide which one you want to see I advise you to see KA I promise you will not leave disappointed! A must see! I see a lot of well deserving 5 star reviews as it should be for this exceptional show! Anyone that gives this show less than needs to have their head examined in MY opinion!
5	Wonderful set, the performers are amazing, music is great. A visual feast!! One of my favorite shows in Vegas.
4	This is an amazing show, even for kids!From the moment you walk in, you feel like you are part of the show. Literally... people are freakin' falling from the ceiling towards you.We had upper level seats, but the show was still amazing!There are plenty of intense parts that really get you on the edge of your seat.In my opinion, I liked Cirque du Soleil - Love (The Beatles) a little more. But that's just because I'm very into dance, and Love had a bit more dancing involved.
5	This was my 2nd Cirque de Soleil Show. The first was under HUGE Tents in Dallas in the early 2000's. KA is such a cool show! I am Constantly Amazed and Awed at the Talent, the Music, the Beautifully Detailed & Bright Costumes, the Make Up, the Choreography, the Story, the Stage.....I LOVE it ALL! There's Sooo much to take In!......Brain Overlaod !Really, any seat is good... the Revolving Stage & the Air Acrobatics covers all seats. We sat in the middle section..... middle way up.....it was great! I Love Vegas! This Cirque du Soleil-KA Show was the perfect show for our whole family! I'm looking forward to my next Cirque du Soleil Show in Dallas!
4	Awesome! One of my favorite shows on the strip. I've seen it twice over and the family and I can't get enough. More importantly, its a relatively easy storyline to follow unlike most Cirque shows. Be sure to ask for the local special if you are military or a local "Lasvegasan" (if there is such a thing). LOL!
3	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show since the touring Saltimbanco in the early 1990s. I was a teenager then, but I STILL remember how cool that show was: Essential CDS, with totally amazing acrobatics and music, beautiful visuals, etc. Having been to Vegas a bunch of times, somehow I never got around to going to a CDS show in Vegas. So this time, I wanted to put things right.Unfortunately, I didn't get around to buying the CDS tickets until we arrived in Vegas. "O" - our first choice - was sold out. The concierge at our MGM-affiliated hotel, Aria, told us in an OH-so-unbiased manner (uh.... right) that the MGM-resident "Ka" was just amazing, totally worth it, etc. So we plunked down $119 for Ka tickets.Man, were we underwhelmed. Where was the majesty, the beauty, the physical feats that make you wonder whether you've been transported to a lower-G environment? Ka is about a bunch of Asian-stereotype folks running around a stage, spouting psuedo-Asian gobbledygook, with fake giant sea creatures, human hamster wheels, and a human-sized peg board that rotates every which way. And that's about it. Really.I didn't fall asleep, but my mind definitely wandered. Instead of "Ka," they should call this show "huh?".
5	My other cirq favorite for sure. Amazing stage and visuals. Martial arts influenced.
4	This is a great show.A very easy to follow story-line and great special effects.The stage itself is amazing.We were 6th row center and you might actually be better off back about 10 rows.Of course there is something to be said about having performers directly overhead...This is a very good Cirque show, highly recommended.Oh, try the 32 oz drinks.  Our bartender really hooked us up with strong drinks!  Hard to say an $18 drink is a good value but, for Vegas it's a steal!
5	We LOVED KA!  This was my second CDS show.  We'd seen O a few weeks earlier and I was rather underwhelmed.  This one rocked!  I was enthralled even from the beginning (before the show started) with all the people flying around and climbing the walls.  It does have a storyline which some people find SUPER hard to understand.  I didn't fully understand every intricacy of the story, but I got the gist and it really didn't affect my experience either way.  We saw Mystere a few weeks later and loved it too!  Definitely go see one or both of these shows!
5	This was an amazing show. I had heard a lot about the shows and how cool they were, but I had no idea. It is impossible to explain how amazing it is unless you have seen it. If you are considering seeing a show while in Vegas I would say go for it 100% it is more than worth it. There is a pre-show and the ticket takers and people who help you find your seats and everything are in character. Besides the show being great the atmosphere was so fun and the theater itself was incredible. GO to a show!!!!! I can't wait to go to another one.
5	This is the only show I've seen so far in Las Vegas and I was blown away. I understood the story for the most part but I got lost at times only because I was enthralled by all of the ridiculous acrobatics. If you're ever in Vegas and you want to see a show this one will leave you speechless.
4	This show was pretty awesome!  I got free tickets that were worth $135 from a tradeshow that I attended.  This was first show that I've ever attended in Las Vegas but not the first time that I've seen Cirque.  The rotating stage was absolutely amazing and the scenary was incredible.  My favorite parts were the rotating boat, vertical stage as they worked their way around it and the twirling baton act.I highly recommend seeing this show!
5	I have been to Vegas hundreds of time for conferences, trade shows, and have never attended any of the shows there. I went with a group from work on a Wednesday night in November, and the show was not sold out,but well attended. I must say, Ka exceeded my best expectations. This show was amazing. There were a few times, when I was wishing for more, but if you put together the amazing artistic perspective, the mechanics, and the vertical stage, it was spectacular. I would highly recommend this show to anyone want to see something you will never see outside of Vegas.
3	Let's keep in mind that this review is coming from someone who is in their 20's. I was not amazed as everyone else was with this show. The props and stunts were cool but nothing to die for. There was more story telling and fake kung fu that took up most of the show. There were about 2 or 3 really cool scenes but besides that it wasn't to my liking. SPOILER ALERT: the big spinning wheel was the coolest along with the vertical wall. The fighting on the wall and the sand was something u would see on power rangers. Just over exaggerated fighting. It didn't help that the actors spoke baby language. It wasn't English, Chinese, or anything. It was goo gaa gag ooo. I myself wouldn't go back to see. Maybe when I'm a lot older and haven't seen better things. I would go to a Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleildad if they came out with one.
5	WOW! AMAZING! I have never seen anything like this before, the show is a must see while in Vegas! loved every minute!
2	After watching KA at MGM Grand, I am starting to think I have seen one too many Cirque du Soleil shows at Las Vegas.I know alot of people raved about this show, but I personally think that it was the slowest show ever.  I am sad to say that I actually slept through portions of the show because it was so SLOW!However, there were good parts to the show.  For example, I liked the preshow and how they interacted with the audience and the huge moving platform.
3	This show was OK. There was too much going on and my lack of interest in martial arts didn't help.
4	Not sure what the pre-show audience interaction was supposed to be. There were some performers running around the theater looking menacing, but you would be ignored and forgotten if you sit near the front half of the theater.The show itself was spectacular, and a very good introduction to Cirque du Soleil. It has a very clear storyline to follow easily, not too big a stage so you can mostly focus your eyes on one thing and not have to worry about missing out on the rest of the performance. The effects were great, and I think the sound was amplified since we sat right in front of the speakers.This is a relatively small theater, so don't limit yourself to the expensive front row seats. Another advantage for seating towards the back is you can actually see the performers jumping down from the side stages, instead of craning your neck up and getting a view of their lovely behinds because you sat in the premiere seating.The only downer is that they don't allow any photography inside the theater. Something about the performers were watching on the side stage or something, and we have plenty of opportunity to take pictures after the show. I for one, was busy trying to avoid the people eagerly filing out of the theater after the show to take any pictures. Such a bummer.
5	Gorgeous. Performance art at its very best! This show is entirely unique, unexpected and (somewhat unlike other Cirque du Soleil shows) filled with genuine emotion. I found myself weeping at the conclusion of the show and I am NOT the kind of person who does that! If you have any opportunity to witness this masterpiece... do.
4	I did not think I would like Ka because being Asian, I have not seen any martial arts performances that blown my mind.  However, I soon find out that Ka is more than just martial arts (thank god).  Like all Ka performances, the production is a beautiful combination of art, light, story, humor and dash of martial arts.  The biggest surprise for me, however, is the stage itself! I don't want to give away too much for those of you who are thinking of seeing it (and YOU SHOULD), but that stage is a show all in itself!
4	My wife and received tickets for this show as a perk for staying 3 nights at Mandalay Bay. Our seats were located in the upper section on the left side of the theater but the view was not bad at all. I have read many reviews that say it is actually better to sit in the upper section. I felt the story line itself was fairly easy to follow. The costumes and acrobatics were exactly what I would expect from a Cirque du Soleil show. The thing that amazed me most about this show was the stage itself. I am still trying to wrap my mind around the creativity, engineering and cost that went in to creating something so spectacular. I would recommend this show to anyone who has the opportunity to attend.
5	KA was the best show I've seen-- theatrical, acrobatic or otherwise.  I found the story involving and easy to follow, although my girlfriend found herself lost in a few areas.  I think a lot of it has to do with your comfort level of taking something for the artistic value-- or need it to make critical sense.  As it's fantastical in nature, when watched as such it's unbelievably awesome.Looking forwards to the next trip to Vegas-- want to go see it again!
4	Would give 5 but I think the story was slow in some parts and I was tired from a long day of exploring the strip, so I caught myself wanting to nod off. The man sitting behind me actually did!  I think the best part of the show was about the last 40 minutes or so when the action and acrobatics really pick up.  The stage is like a character in and of itself and is amazing.  We did choose to see Ka because our first choices were unavailable during the time frame we'd be in town. I'm glad I did see it because I'm a huge Cirque fan. Much better than La Reve.
4	This was pretty amazing. Great stunts, impressive theater and stage.
5	I never was a "Cirque du Soleil" kind of person. I watched a few specials on TV and found them boring and just...well.....weird. After seeing KA, I can honestly say that I am a fan. The show was spectacular in every sense of the word. The action is breath-taking. The stunts were impressive beyond my wildest dreams. The story was interesting and holds your attention. There is so much going on that really, it's hard to take it all in and I must have said WOW about a thousand times after the show ended. I truly had a hard time wrapping my brain around what I had just seen. The stage revolves not just around in a circle but actually stands end on end. You just need to see it to believe it. And I think if you keep an open mind, you too will be as impressed as I was.
5	The best Vegas show I have seen ever! I've seen other Cirque du Soleil performances in Vegas and this is the best one on the strip. It's probably the most technologically advanced productions ever. The theatre is amazing and well designed. It's no ordinary theatre it's setup so you'll feel like you're part of the show. You'll totally be emersed in their world and you'll forget you're inside a theatre and watching a show.Every seat in the house is a good seat. Don't get suckered into buying the $132 something ticket to sit in the A section and close to the stage. The theatre is more intimate than you think even though it's big. You can spend about $50 and it'll feel the same as if you bought the $132 ticket. Trust me, I've seen this show twice and learned my lesson. You would want to be in the back anyways so you can see everything. It's a lot to take in so the closer you are the more you'll have to move your head to see what's going on.What are you waiting for? Go see it and learn the story of KA!
4	A pretty amazing show that showcases some amazing physical feats!  Amazing choreography and special affects, and just an amazing stage that should get top billing as one of the stars of the show!
5	My first Cirque Du Soleil show and it was awesome!  The stage was incredible and the performers were phenomenal!  I couldn't believe the stunts performed, highly recommend this show if it's going to be your first cirque du soleil show!
5	Amazing show.  One of the best Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen.  This show has more of a plot than other shows, and focuses a little more on the breathtaking stage sets.
5	I love this production. It has a very compelling story to it too. And the actors/performers where great! I enjoyed everyone minute of it. We got the seat right up front near the aisles. We got plenty of extra action. performers would run down and sign and shot arrows. AWESOME!  I would definitely come back again with more of my friends and family. They will love it.
5	I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice, so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info...Onto Ka... my absolute fave. I didn't expect it to be, as it looked too warrior-like and manly for me from the previews. But wow... this show has it all. The storyline is good vs evil, and you don't really need to know or understand more than that.  The swordfights on the vertical wall are incredible. So interesting to watch. And the stages rotate around on axes, so it is so visually magnificent!  Theater is amazing, and I've sat in the back and in the middle, and both seats were great.  Great soundtrack too. Probably one of my favorite shows I've ever seen in my life. Trust me!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE KA! =DVisually stunning, amazing and wonderful acrobatics, colors, music and costumes. The whole show was really fantastic and it was great that there was a storyline. Although it could be a little difficult to follow at times, the scenes are really amazing. One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas and it definitely competes right up there with Cirque's O. I have seen Love and Le Reve and I don't think they were as technically amazing as KA. The theater itself is impressive enough and the show blew me away.A few things to note: -The show is about an hour 45 minutes (totally passes by so fast!). Don't go on a bathroom break! You'll miss stuff. -Bring a jacket, because it does get cold in theater.-Look EVERYWHERE. The sets are designed for all the seats in the theater.-Look for deals on great seats! When I went I saw a promo code on travel zoo for 30% off orchestra seating. It was a great deal and we had really great seats. I've never paid full price for Cirque tickets because there are usually deals on every one of their shows. - Check for seating online and by telephone. I also called in and spoke with someone to book my tickets to the show. They gave me better seating then the ones I found online. So it's good to do both to snag better seats!KA is soooo good that I would totally watch it again. =)
5	I was a huge fan in all honesty. I know a lot of people were upset about the story, but from what I hear this Cirque has a plot, and that's not true of all of them. did we sit down and try and figure out the plot later? Sure, but really, if you could follow the colors of the costumes figuring out who was who and what was going on wasn't all that difficult. The only English is with an opening paragraph in the opening sequence that was announced over loud speakers, and the rest was in an Asian language (sorry I don't know which one). It has a little bit of something for everyone. My dad was amazed by the stages (yes, there were several, and they moved, and that's all I'm going to give away). My mom loved the acrobatics. I absolutely adored the music and themes there in. My boyfriend loved the martial arts and liked that there was some sort of story to follow along with. Over all, it was a very enjoyable experience. I'd love to see another Cirque in the future. There was so much to see, and so much to look at, the show was beyond lovely. And whatever you do, no flash photography and turn your phone off. If you don't understand why, just wait for the show to start, I'm sure you'll find out.
5	WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! saw this show on X-mass Eve and all I can say is Amazing!!!!
5	This was I think my fifth cirque show and totally my favorite. This is the only non-traveling cirque show that I've seen and it is very different than the others. I won't give anything away, suffice it to say the stage, and the theater are amazing. The costumes are, of course, gorgeous. And the acrobatics are, as always, spectacular. Get a great deal on the show at one of the half-price, day-of booths you can find on the strip and enjoy yourself.
5	Fantastic show. Sit in rows 5-8 for best views. Not as much fire as I hoped but still nice. Discounts exist so look for them - especially if you are a student.
5	My third time seeing KA was on Friday, December 2nd (2011). This time there were four of us and we were seated in Section 103, Row F, Seats 7-10. These seats were pretty close to the stage, so we were able to see the costumes, props, actors, and stage in detail. I enjoyed it as much during the third viewing as I had the prior viewings. I don't think I can ever get tired of seeing KA. It was also a pleasure to see my friends so enchanted with the show!This time we got discount seats via travelzoo.com, at a cost of $108.00 per ticket, inclusive of all fees (the regular price was $175 per ticket). We had friends that wanted to buy last minute tickets, but when we called the KA box office, we were quoted full price. When we showed up for our 7:30pm show, there were many empty seats. You'd think KA would provide discounts to fill the theater.We got drinks from the KA theater bar at $12 each, which were pretty strong and tasty!
5	The moment I entered the theater I knew I was in for a special treat. The quality of the performance is immediately noticeable. I have to say that the technical crew working the stage deserves an award! It must take a lot for them to do what they do to pull off such a stunning array of effects. Performers are as usual awesome (just as good as any other Cirque show).It isn't often that I am completely engaged by a language-less (since all I remember were grunts, I doubt that's a modern day tongue) entertainment experience. The crazy thing is I kept hearing that O was an even better show. Certainly, checking that one out when I return to the strip.
2	Save your money! I am dumbfounded that this show has received so many positive reviews. I previously attended the Cirque show 'O' at the Bellagio and that show - in contrast to this one - was outstanding! No question the Ka theater and costumes at this show are amazing, however, both the 'acting' and quality of the performance were way below what I was anticipating given the other reviews and the reputation of the Cirque enterprise. Throw in chaotic, deafening head-banger music and you start to get an idea of why I am so critical of this show.I thought I scored a good deal on the tickets - $323 w/tax for 3 in really good seats near the front. Unfortunately, as the show wore on, I found myself dreaming about how many other ways I could have enjoyed spending that money elsewhere. To be fair, there were a few good sequences that were entertaining and well done... but those amounted to probably 10 minutes of the 1.5 hour performance. Many of the routines just left you wondering 'Huh? Why was that included??' For instance, at one point a performer does a solo twirling a baton... the first few seconds were ok, albeit a bit amateurish. However, after 3 or 4 minutes of watching her twirl the friggin baton you wished she would just topple off the stage or otherwise disappear.Likewise, there were a few martial art sequences that can only be described as lame. Keep in mind there are two performances of this show each night - this was the early show. Still, at times the performers looked completely exhausted throwing weak kicks and punches that truly looked like a bunch of pre-schoolers trying to play-fight as they re-enacted something they saw on TV! When routines like that fell so flat on the stage, I could only shake my head and roll my eyes with my companions doing the same thing next to me.There was a family with three 6-8 year old kids sitting on booster seats next to us and those kids seemed to be enjoying the show. I guess if you are looking to entertain your kids for a few hours this show works. However, if you are expecting quality entertainment at an adult level and you are ok spending more than $100/ticket, do yourself a favor and check out another show.
4	I can't say enough about how cool the staging is!  It is totally amazing!  This is the first Cirque that truly had a story from beginning to end.  The only negative that I could provide is that some acts maybe went too long.
5	It's really amazing, technically it's made perfect, wonderful music. Both me and my wife liked it a much
5	Best Cirque show in Vegas, hand down.  Everyone says "Oh my goshhh, O is amaziiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinggggggggggg.  Ohhhh my goshhhhhh."  But you know what, I disagree!  Ka is amazing!!!  I mean O is all good, but Ka blows everything out of the water.It's like watching a Final Fantasy video game come to life.  Ka is different, it has almost a comprehendable story line, whereas the other shows are a little more abstract.  But the movable stage is mind boggling.
5	My first (of many) Cirque du Soleil shows. Absolutely jaw dropping! Most of the negative reviews focus on a "lack of" or "confusing" plot. At the end of the day this show is still "cirque" as in "circus". Of all the Cirque shows I've seen this one has the most coherent "plot", but if you want a proper 3 Act show, go to the movies. These kind of shows are about the feeling evoked and the artistry and spectacle performed.That said, Ka delivers above and beyond. I had frequent instances where I held my breath in excitement and strong dash of fear. The Good: World class acrobatics, stunts, and show moments.The Bad: Its not cheap! That said, I've sat in the upper landing and they're not BAD, seats. That said I would recommend center section, at least 5 rows back if you can.The Jaw Dropping: Without spoiling, the show creators pulled out all stops and reinvent how to use a stage!
4	I thought it was a good show. It had a lot of exciting points.. But also had some slow and drawn out areas. ! It took my breath away at times waiting to see what was going to happen next. I have seen quite a few cirque shows.I enjoy the aspect that it give a plot...a story line something to follow unlike the other cirque shows. How the stage moves in all those directions is amazing.
4	Definitely one of the best set designs of all Cirque du Soleil shows. The vertical wall and fight scenes were quite amazing!The theater was very spacious and seats were well design so we could see well despite being in Level C seating. Seats were very comfortable as well. The show was non-stop for an hour and forty minutes with no intermission so make sure you hit the restroom ahead of time.Certain parts in the beginning were very slow and some parts were too childish/cheesy for my taste.Visited December 2011
4	One of the best if you are a mechanical engineer and are in awe of mechanical devices.  However, it is slow in the beginning and you might even be snoozing after a big dinner.   Not sure if it is worth the money as the Cirque that I have seen in the tents focus on human acrobatics while the "fixed" location ones seem to focus on the set.  Like the other comments, the plot is hard to follow.Still, if you're in Vegas, what's another 100 bucks?
2	Okay, now, I have officially attended all the Cirque Du Soleil shows in Las Vegas.  I have to admit that Ka, Beatle's "Love", and Mystere are all in the bottom of the deck.I would rank "O" and "Le Reve" (non Cirque) at the very top.If you are looking to shell out $100 per ticket, get bored, and find a way to fall asleep at a show, KA delivers!!!It is the only Cirque Du Soleil that tries to tell a story.  The story is easy to understand; however, the acrobatics, musical score, and sword play were poorly designed and delivered.  I found myself wondering when this show would end!!  I can not tell you how many times I looked at my watch.  And, as I surveyed the audience around me, many were either sleeping or doing the same as me.There were only three cool things from the show:1.  The stage.  It was pretty impressive to see the mechanics and engineering of the stage.2.  I enjoyed the scene where the ship sank and you can see the passengers drown into the water.  A stream of bubbles floated down from the ceiling.  Pretty amazing spectacle.3.  Second scene that I enjoyed that involved ZERO acrobats were the hand signs.  Basically, a couple sat behind a lantern.  They used their hands to make different type of creatures that is "shadowed" onto a huge screen in front of the stage. One of those, "how did they do that moment?"Finally, if you decide to attend the show, I would recommend the following:a.  Bring a pillow, you will fall asleepb.  Unlike other Cirque Du Soleil where any seat is a good seat, I would recommend buying tickets CLOSER to the stage.  If you are seated in the back row, you do not get a true sense of the amazing stage mechanics....  Trust me... this is absolute.. if you sit in the back, you will fall asleep faster!!!c.  Go to the restroom BEFORE the show.  It goes straight for an hour and 45 minutes or so.Best of luck!
5	AMAZING! The greatest show I've ever seen. I can't believe some of the stuff they do. The platform/stage/centerpiece/wall/hydrolic contraption is unbelievable. I was told it is the first time anything like this has ever been done and it is unique to this show. 2 years to build and cost $300 million. Worth every penny.I was on an electric scooter for medical purposes and the service was top-notch. Everyone was so genuine and friendly too. I was greeted and I came into the interior of the entry way and an attendant greeted me as "friend" then asked my name. He asked me to wait kindly for another man who showed up witin 2 minutes, and once he did we (my BF and I) were ushered into a seperate way so we could take the elevator. While waiting the attendant introduced himself, told us there is a seperate restroom we could use, and that he would park our scooter for us. From there, he took us to our seats and personally sat us down and advised us he would be at the stairs waiting for us when the show was over. --- And he was! He asked us how we enjoyed the show and what our favorite part was. He made sure we were dropped off in the very same spot we first met and wished us a good evening. As a former cast member at the Disneyland Resort, I must say this service was amazing.I have not seen any other Cirqe Du Soleil show but, I will! Definately go see it!
2	I really don't get all these fantastic reviews for the show.  My wife and I have seen many Cirque shows and both were extremely unimpressed with Ka.   I will say the stage mechanics are truly jaw dropping, but after you get over that (maybe 15-20 minutes into the show), it's just plain boring.  The storyline is not easy to follow, and the acting and choreography (especially the fight scenes) was cheesy and borderline amateurish.If you go there expecting to see talented acrobats and imaginative acts, showcasing feats of human ability and skill, you will be waiting, waiting, waiting... yep, STILL waiting!   There were only 2 parts where I thought "Wow, this is pretty cool" , and one involved over-sized shadow puppets.  The other was the "wheel of death", about 1.5 hours into the show.Judging by all the other reviews I must be crazy, but don't say you weren't warned!
5	I've been to numerous Cirque shows all over and Ka was one of my favorite all time.  We had some really good seats and were able to see quite a lot but there was always something happening and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire show.  The set and contraptions they used was amazing and the performers were phenomenal.  I'd highly recommend this show and would actually see it again.
3	Every Cirque is wonderful. I've seen almost every Cirque du Soleil and I have to say this is 2nd to the bottom.  I'm glad I saw it, but it isn't as exciting or as moving as other shows. Piece of advise: don't sit near the front. We did and our necks were stuck in extended position for an hour after the show!!! :)
5	I've seen them all in Vegas, and this is the as good as it gets.Just how good is it?  I ordered one of those enormous drinks out front and have never had to use the restroom that bad in my life, but I sat in severe pain for the final 20 minutes of the show.  It's that good and a must see.
3	Well... I have to say I was a bit disappointed...The stage is amazing and very dynamic.But I think some parts of the show are a bit repetitive and not so spectacular (I was not impressed by the fights).Don't get me wrong, it's a good show but if this is your first cirque du soleil show, I would go see Mystere...
5	I must say this by far the best show i've seen in my life so far. FYI I've watched O, Mystere, Love Cirque du soleil shows in Vegas.This was the second time I watched this show. Me and my boyfriend got this Vegas package deal that came with free tickets. Since it was free, we got crappy seats all the way in the very last row in the middle (section 202 row NN). The first time I watched this show, I sat half way up in the middle (paid $80). I must say, i did read reviews about how there is no bad seats in the theater which might be true... but I would rather pay more to sit closer. I could not really make out a lot of the facial expressions/costume details from the last row... I would even pay $120-$150 for the okay seats! Well worth it!The show itself was amazing! The stage transforms many times... horizontal stage changes to a diagonal and vertical stage! Amazing engineer work! Love how they incorporate acrobatics into a story line. Amazing costumes and beautiful stage settings. Acrobatics were great but wasn't as impressive as Mystere, but the story line did win me over since I find that slightly more entertaining.Highly recommended! This is a must see!
5	My favorite cirque show (I've seen Mystere and O)... Such a beautiful and magical production. I enjoyed absolutely every minute of it!!!
5	I see shows and theatre pretty regularly, and nothing has ever topped this show for me.  The martial arts were amazing, sets were both beautiful and grandiose.  KA was absolutely breath-taking.  One of the best things I've seen in my life!
5	As a treat for our 1-year wedding anniversary, we purchased tickets to watch KA. KA is different from other Cirque De Soleil shows in it that most of the action happens on the center moving stage, so there isn't as much "interaction" with the audience. Unfortunately we were seated all the way to the edge when most of the action was in the middle, so try to get seats as close to the center as possible. Now onto the show... For about an hour and a half, my jaw was dropped and all I kept saying was "wow". WOW at the moving stage, where in one scene it was a beach with sand, and another scene it was a forest. WOW at the performers and their non-existent fear of heights and flying across the stage under a thin wife. WOW at the music and how it just transcends you into this magical world where sea creatures are larger than life and these people who speak gibberish make total sense. KA is a show that can only be performed at the MGM in Vegas due to the technicality behind the effects, so definitely try to catch the show if you're in town.
5	If you don't watch this with your mouth hanging open the entire time, you have become too cynical about the world, my friend. That's really all I can say.
4	Worth the price for good seats. If you order tickets by phone, you still have to wait in line... They didn't have a will call booth open.
4	i like this show..it's based on a fire theme..i saw "O"...and i still like "O" more..this one is better than "Totem"..there is an actual story line to this one..and if you sit close enough you feel the fire..it's not bad..the music is quite nice actually..but if you want to go to a show with a story line..this is the one..MGM is just plain nice..and have the better restaurants..I went to Joel R. right before the show..BEST day ever..
5	KA by Cirque Du SoleilOverall 5 StarsGold medal - Moving StageSilver medal - Exciting showBronze medal - Great lighting I've seen almost all of the Vegas Cirque Du Soleil shows and this has to be one of my favorite.  The worst being the Cirque Du Soleil, Criss Angel, Believe show.  Avoid Believe at all cost.  I somehow managed to fall asleep watching Believe, after paying $80 for my tickets.  $80 to sleep in a nice theather = no good! Now back to the good, KA.....................This show was amazing.  It had a moving stage floor.  Yes, moving stage floor!!  The entire floor of the stage would move up, down, side ways, slanted (fully slanted at a 90 degree angle), while the actors would still be standing on the slanted floor.  How? Magic or was it invisible ropes?  Believe what you want to believe, but it was truely an amazing sight.  The actors would move and use the stage floor to manipulate all their movements.  It was unbelieveably exciting and a joy to watch.  My eyes were crying, "MORE MORE!!"The show was very exciting full of love and action.  There was many cool fighting acts.  The great lighting with the stage and the show together made an unbelievable show.  I loved the show, so much.I would recommend this show to anyone looking for a Cirque Du Soleil show to watch.  This is one of their best in my opinion.HAPPY CIRQUING!!
3	This show was OK.  I chose it because of the story line, which I thought my son and I could enjoy, while my wife enjoyed the acrobatics.  My impression was one of "Prince of Persia" Cirque de Soleil style.  I wasn't far from the truth, but it still wasn't good enough.  The moving floor was cool, and during some "fight" segments the actors would slow down their movements to provide a "slow-motion" feel to the choreography.  Still, the story didn't seem to flow.  Two different plot lines, going seemingly different directions, and getting farther apart, are merged during the final moments that make the climax seem rushed and forgettable.  The best part could have been when the floor was vertical, giving an overhead view of a major battle.  Unfortunately the choreography looked more like stoned hippies dancing in the park than any sort of action scene.  Great concept, but poorly executed.
5	Awesome show, a performance unlike any other!
5	ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS IN VEGAS !!!!! Amazing, great effects, awesome theater ,the most breathtaking performances!!!! Wow WOW WOW !!!! Our tickets came with a vacation package so our seats were the very top row but we still enjoyed the show. We sat in the front middle before. One of those shows that I think you will be AMAZED no matter where you sit !!
5	Ka was simply breath-taking, with a lovely storyline, elaborate stage effects and setup and exceptional choreography. The moving stage created my favorite aspect of this show: several acts were choreographed as vertical dance/martial arts scenes with the action feeling like it was "grounded" to a wall or floor but driven by aerial work. The final scene was mesmerizing, as it felt like the audience had a birds-eye view, but the performers were performing the show entirely on an almost vertical surface. Simply brilliant!I think the close up seats are well worth their price. This show is something special, and the stage setup they achieve at the MGM Grand just takes the show to a new level.
4	I've seen KA twice, the first time a few years ago and this time I took my husband. It has a story but I felt it dragged at times, however, the set is amazing and the acrobatics brilliant! I don't think it could be much better. (I'd give it a 5 except for two scenes that are slow moving.) When I saw it a few years ago this was my first Cirque Du Soleil and I became a huge fan after this show.  Halfway through the show I had already gotten my money's worth! Last time I sat further back above the middle of the theater. This time I sat upfront a little off to the right. I liked sitting back a little better because you can see everything whereas upfront I could see the actors' faces better but it was a little too close to see everything at once. (Our seats were great except for the women sitting next to me who texted with her bright Iphone through the whole event--totally rude and irritating to me trying to focus on the show. Leave your cell phone in the room.)So far I would rank KA #2 in my favorites, Love as #1 and Mystere #3.
5	Full Disclosure: This is the first and only Cirque show I've ever seen.  If any of them are better than this, then Yelp will have to add more stars to the review criteria!The prices are very very high for a show, but since ours was not sold out, the woman seating us asked if we wanted "Better seats". Of course we did not decline.The seats themselves actually have speakers in the headrest, so you are surrounded at all times by the music.The cast moved effortlessly across the incredible stage (Which should be considered a cast member itself).  I had seen the Modern Marvels episode on this stage, but that could not prepare me for seeing it in action. I was completely gobsmacked.A few earlier reviewers described being bored during the show and I'd like to say I personally don't know how this is possible.  I know it certainly wasn't a problem for me.  Though I would say the "Story" might be a bit confusing.  I could never have described any of my feelings during the show as "Bored"I highly recommend seeing KA to anyone who is even remotely interested.
5	I have seen this show twice and both times it was excellent. The stage is unbelievable, the way it moves and tilts, give the show an incredible dimension and scale. A very family friendly show with a heart warming story. The prices are up there, but nothing unusual for a show on the Vegas Strip.
5	A visual and audio experience to remember forever.The dynamic digital stage blew me away.   From beginning to end the show is captivating.   The theater has a million dollar earth piano by the entrance.   The overall technology cost $200 millions to make this show work.   The fire arrows, the 90 degree stage, the comical characters, the stunts, sounds and story.    A great time.
4	great traditional cirque show.
5	I saw KA 3 years ago, and it was my first Cirque Du Soleil experience. It was amazing. Since then, I've seen 5 other shows and spent quite a few on their merchandising. Thank you KA for making me a cult follower :)
3	As far as Cirque shows go, this one wasn't that great. See Love instead. I found this stage very boring since it was not in the middle of the room like others.
4	KA is defintiely a beginner's show, for Cirque du Soleil veterans who are curious.  I've seen most of the Cirque shows out there, but this one was the least-impressive of them all with regard to the actual performance.  For a free show, I'm not disappointed, but I've seen much better.  Cavalia, Alegria and Varekai are my favorites.  For anyone who saw this show for their first Cirque experience, it only gets better from here.All the standard elements are there with an over-the-top narrator, early plot twists, and wild costumes, but what it lacked in actual acrobatic performance, it made up for in pageantry.  The moving digital stage was really impressive and the theatre itself made for a fairly intense experience; they even had speakers in the seat headrests.  The imagery was enhanced by performers all over the rafters, but that became fairly distracting...the Cirque choreographers are masters at that, though.  The effects of the 90-degree stage were very cool at first, but the novelty soon wore off.  It's an athletic show, just not something that's on-par with my favorites.The combination of classic asian dress of one group and the industrial steel-and-tattoo style of the other group made an interesting clash.  I felt like parts of the plot came straight out of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.  The score ranged from typical flutes and harmony to electric guitars and spark-showers.  I kept waiting for Motley Crue to come out for an encore.It was a good way to spend 90 minutes before dinner, but I'll pony-up for 'O' the next time I'm in Vegas and feel the need for more Cirque.
5	You won't forget or regret it. Everything was done beautifully. The story line was clear and easy to follow. The visuals were dreamy and surreal. The music brought everything together. My travel companion, who had seen a Vegas Cirque show (Zumanity) and absolutely hated it, loved this and agreed that it was worth every penny. The visuals and stunts are amazing. Seriously you won't forget it.
4	The only Cirque Du Soleil show that I've ever seen with a real storyline. I really liked this show. It was amazing. We sat really close to the stage so everything looked extra special. The vertical stage was insane. I couldn't believe that all these actors were climbing this huge, rotating stage. The stage, costumes, and music were all beautiful. I was very riveted in my seat, and hoping that I wouldn't see a stunt gone wrong. I loved the show, but my only complaint was that there was not as many funny scenes as I would have liked. There was a lot of dancing, but I could only watch so much dancing. It would nice to have a little change of pace. There was no audience participation in this show like in other Cirque shows. That's probably why I like Zumanity a little bit more.
5	We were in town for my husband's 40th birthday so after reading a few reviews, we decided on KA.  I've seen several other Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas and other locations and I would rank this one near the top.  The stage and theater is absolutely amazing!  I saw some of the other comments about the show being a little odd, but that's how all the Cirque Du Soleil shows are. It's all part of the experience. Being awed and a little confused all at the same time. As for the refreshments of the theater, they have popcorn, candy, soda and alcohol. We purchased the 32 oz. alcoholic drinks because you can get refills for only $10. That's quite a deal. Be careful though, there are no intermissions to the show, so don't drink too much!
3	This show was a bit slow for me.  It made me snooze for a little bit.
5	seen this show 3 times and still love every minute of it , if you want a show with fantastic acrobatics , martial arts and a stage that turns up side down  that  have "snow ,sand and  amazing effects this show is for you .a spectacular show worth every penny .
5	MUST SEE. The Ka theater is located at the back of the MGM and is one of the most amazing shows you'll ever see.  The stunts are crazy and you'll be on the edge of your seat the whole time.  Buy tickets as early as possible because the earlier, the closer you get to the stage.  The front section is $199/seat and the tiers are $169/seat no matter where you are. Do it!!
4	My wife and I saw this show in mid-May. It was our second Cirque show. We had seen Kooza at National Harbor, MD in 2010. Ka was interesting and the story did keep our attention, however the stunts were not as impressive as Kooza. If we had it to do over again, I think we would have tried Zumanity or O instead.
5	KA is terrific.  Visually rich with great music.  I will go again,A friend who went with me liked it so much, she bought me the music CD which is also fantastic.
5	I have seen SO MANY shows in VEGAS and this is BY FAR the best one. You will love it!!! has everyhing!!!Make sure to go a little early b/c the line for food gets busy!
3	While we were in Vegas, we decided to catch a Cirque du Soleil show.  There were so many we didn't know which one to pick!  I really wanted to see Zumanity and O, but with so many positive reviews about Ka, I decided to go with Ka.I was disappointed.  I've seen two Cirque shows, both travelling (Totem and Quiddam).  I guess I expected more since I was so impressed by the stunts of the prior two shows, especially Totem.  The stage is truly spectacular, and a few of my favorite parts included the shadow fingers and the guy jumping rope on the wheels.  I thought it was quite amazing that the stage could rotate the way it did.  The stunts just aren't as breathtaking as the other shows I've seen I guess.  By that I mean there aren't unicycle girls flipping bowls or a guy doing triple flips on a beam.  If this is your first Cirque show, I'd recommend it, but I feel like I should have picked O instead.
4	I can safely say that this Cirque show is the king of spectacle. The pseudo-360 degree use of the theater, the acts OVER the audience, the gigantic moving stage, and the pyrotechnics certainly lend this show a very over the top atmosphere. It's also one of the few Cirque show that follows a linear storyline, which was fairly easy to follow.I had some of the best seats in the house (the back of the middle front section) and the show certainly didn't disappoint from there. At least visually. As you may garner from other reviews, Ka's main weakness is the actual acrobatics. Nothing really stood out here except the two men in the rotating cages, and perhaps the human plinko machine act. Contrasting those was 10 minutes of a girl twirling her baton(s) and slightly more climbing up and down of the wall than I thought was necessary.Overall, though, I found Ka very enjoyable and would easily recommend it. There is no other show that will do spectacle like Ka. Also, props to the crew outside the theater, who were quick in pointing me to the bathroom without prompting when I needed to go during the show. The bathroom attendant even started the water and handed me paper towels as I approached the sink.
5	loved it!!
3	I wanted to see one of the Cirque Du Soleil shows since I was in Vegas.  I booked the ticket around noon of the date of the show, but it was only $70 with tax for the second level seat right in the middle.  I could have not asked for a better seat for the price I paid.  They have a harp show near the entrance 15 minutes before the show.  My girlfriend and I only saw a couple minutes because to us it sounded like a bunch of random notes being played.  Okay I guess we are not artistic enough to understand it.  As soon as we stepped into the theater, I was amazed by its structure.   The technical aspect of the show is also great.  I loved how the main stage kept rotating horizontally and vertically throughout the show.  However I did not get the storyline clear enough.  They give you very little information about the show and expect you to understand everything going on the stage.  Apparently KA has the clearest storyline of all the Cirque Du Soleil shows.  Okay I guess I am not theatrical either.  I wish I searched the storyline of KA before seeing the show so that I would have know what was going on all the time.  On top of not knowing what was going on fully, some scenes are really slow and boring so I came very close to falling asleep.  My first Cirque Du Soleil experience was okay.  Next time I will search a better show for me.
4	***The rotating and constantly moving stage of Ka is very impressive; also impressive are the many cinematic elements that Ka employs, making the show feel dramatic, exciting and unique***Ka was my first Cirque show and I enjoyed it.  The production values were great and the stage and theater were both very impressive.  The show feels like a real spectacle and with the amazing stage, Ka feels like a show that you could only see in Vegas.There are other good things about Ka.  I really liked how they made the show cinematic.  With the music and the great lighting, there are moments in the show that feel like you are watching a movie on the big screen (the best example is when they make the stage look like its underwater and with the curtain and lighting, it appears that one of the performers is saving someone from drowning and rising to the surface--very well done).They try to tell a story with Ka too.  It is not a great story, but the story elements kept my interest in Ka more than Mystere (which was more like a series of disjointed vignettes).  Still, after a while, I felt like I had seen enough and I got a little bored.There are definitely some strong acrobatics, but you might not see the big and more traditional acrobatics like you would see in Mystere.  Still, there is a piece with huge moving spheres that is very exciting, suspenseful and fun.Ticket prices for Ka are not too bad.  You can typically find tickets for a lower price than O.The theater is nice (with a good temperature) and they had some decent concessions.  The theater is also roomy enough and does not feel as packed or hot as Mystere's theater.I enjoyed Ka.  I am not sure if I am ever going to be a huge fan of Cirque shows, but I thought there were mainly elements of Ka that will stick with me (much more than Mystere).  With the very nice venue, the amazing stage and the great cinematic elements, Ka feels like a special and worthwhile show (definitely worth considering if you are in Vegas and looking for a good show).Ka is in the MGM Grand, which features free parking (both valet and a parking structure--very easy to find a spot in this parking structure).
5	The main attraction is the enormous stage design with a rotating platform stage.This innovative stage allows for multiple angles and even allows for actors to vertically climb up the stage as a wall.  Computer generated effects create accompanying waterfalls, tumbling rocks, etc to fall as performers climb said wall.Dialogue is non-existent in KA as characters rarely speak, but when they do it is a made up language.  But characters do speak through their body with accompanying music to better convey their "words."  Parts of the show were funny, which was a surprise because I thought it would be all action given the large influence of martial arts styles.I highly recommend KA, but should warn you that if this is your first time ever watching a theatre show the greatness of KA may be lost on you or give you disappointingly high hopes for other shows.
5	I scrolled down the reviews for this show, and I was a bit saddened to see some people rate this anything less than 4 stars.... really?  Has our sense of wonder been completely obliterated.   KA was a fantastic show.My friend and I talk during EVERY show.  We just don't shut up.  We talk through movies, we talk through plays, we talk through presidential inauguration speeches... but this shut us up.  First of all, the stage was built specifically for Cirque du Soleil, so it absolutely stunning what they can do on stage.  It has a storyline, and yeah you can follow it (it's about war and tragedy, and living in exile, etc).... But you could be totally lost and still be ABSOLUTELY MESMERIZED as my friend and I were. There is live music throughout the entire performance as well.  The technology is AMAZING. The performances STUNNING.
5	There's so many reviews of this show so there isn't really anything new for me to say. BUT please please go see this show! It's so mindblowingly awesome!Honestly I'm not a huge fan of Cirque shows. I've seen 4 in my lifetime and though they were good but not great. I saw O at Bellagio and thought it wasn't that impressive. But KA was so crazy! You need to go see it! That's all I'm going to say.
3	Great show for first time Cirque du Soleil patrons!  Visually appealing, loaded with movement and energy, a little bit like a variety show (e.g. solo aerial gymnast/dancer, duo that jumps rope, etc.), and the music is pretty good.  Don't be late - you'll miss some cool and fun stuff.  Also, after seeing the show twice, once sitting THISclose to the stage and a second time sitting farther away, I prefer to sit farther from the stage.  I got to see the entire set, in all its glory/beauty and appreciated the show so much more.  Plus, seating farther from the stage are cheaper.  All this to say, engineers, computer geeks, gamers, construction folks, makeup artists, dancers, pyromaniacs, music enthusiasts, costume lovers, seniors, and youngins will find this show appealing.The lowdown: storyline is about two royals (prince and princess) who become orphaned and separated.  The show follows each royal through a period of his and her life, including people/places they meet/see along the way.  It has a storybook ending.Other important info: student discounts only available on certain days of the week, don't be late as this show starts promptly at schedule time, 'cheap' seats (sitting farther back) is preferred, interactive pre-show (again, don't be late or you'll miss the pre-show), adequate leg room in all rows, built-in speakers in head rest, pick up tickets well before show starts; other wise, your tickets will be sold to last-minute purchasers.  Pick up tickets from MGM concierge if Ka Theater counter is closed, I scored FF row tickets for $70 using a deal a found on Travelzoo.  The seats were great.
1	Well, this is truly a yawner.  The show does have some great acrobats, but the story is hard to follow.  The moving stage gets old quickly.  Totally not worth the high ticket price.  I was disappointed.
4	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show I've ever been too, and I have to say, "IT WAS AMAZING!" The way they incorporate certain angles and transitional scenes make you believe you're actually watching a CGI movie, but it's real life! You can't understand a word the performers are saying, it sounds like SIMS talking back and forth, but you can pretty much understand the story line just by watching which makes this show appropriate for any cultural background. The performers knew what they were doing, and the show was spectacular. They had martial arts, acrobatics, and even a kind of funny circus like quality in a few scenes. The scenes were beautiful : ) I would highly recommend this show especially if you like more Asian cinema then this would be the Cirque Du Soleil for you :D
2	I wish I had read the reviews here before buying tickets.  I'm a cirque veteran, and completely agree with most that of this is your first, you'll be impressed.  If not, you'll miss the breadth of acrobatics and WOW moments from others in exchange for alot of a tilting stage, baton twirling and pounding, and finger puppets against a light backdrop.  If you can choose another cirque show in LV, I'd do that.  O is fabulous, as is Mystere.
5	Quite simply: Sheer over the top spectacle at it's very best. It took me 2 1/2 years to make it to KA for one reason or another. On 6/30 that wait was over, and I can say without hesitation or reservation that it is one of the most mind blowing things I've ever seen. Expectations: Totally exceeded in every way. **************************************************Reality check! This is Yelp! and I like to try and write useful reviews, not gushing, emotional pieces. So let's get to it. Parking: Valet is nice but can be a zoo. Self park is easy to get in and out of from Koval Lane, the local's not so secret access. Once you're parked you enter the MGM Grand. The MGM Grand will get it's own review. It has issues. It ain't all that. It's just an annoyance (and I do mean annoyance) to walk through to get to the KA Theater. But once you get your tickets or you scan the ones you have (They REALLY need to update those ancient hand scanners that are circa 2002), you are in for an experience that you will never forget. Once inside the theater the seating is quite comfortable even if you're a little wider or a little taller than most. Also there are hidden speakers in the top of the seats so for those with less than perfect hearing the audio will be a very pleasant surprise. Golden Circle Seating offers a more "immersive" experience but this is an intimate venue and Cirque brings parts of the show out into or over the audience so yes you can save money and still have an awesome experience (But being seated only 5 rows back we had several OMG that's awesome moments!). Beyond that, read the other reviews for details and know they're still not able to tell you just how good this is. And yes, if you are into the technical details of stagecraft the stage is EVERYTHING you've heard about, and still amazing to behold in action. When the lighting which is a cut above anything I've seen anywhere lets you see into the depths of the stage, the technical minded will catch glimpses of the massive machinery it takes to pull KA off and you will smile and oooh and ahh over the secondary spectacle that Cirque teases you with.  Summary: It is worth every cent spent. 5 Stars? Placement on my Best of Las Vegas List? Placement on my The Mythical 6th Star List? Without any reservation or hesitation, OH HELL YES! All of that and more. Dear Cirque du Soleil: Now I understand. I get it. And I've still got an ear to ear smile the morning after, and an afterglow that's going to last for awhile.Edit: One more thing. If you want concessions, be prepared to pay $$ Vegas Prices $$ for everything. $5 water? Check. $8 and up drinks? Check. This ain't a rant about it, I expected it, I'm mentioning it so people are not shocked when they see the pricing as many walking by the concessions sure grumbled about it.
3	Not as gay as I expected.
2	Been to many Cirq shows, and this to me was the only one I would only want to see once.  While I am in Vegas, I want to have a good "fun" time.  This production / story line was very dark.  I can see this being more enjoyable if it was the first Cirq I have seen, but if you have your choice of another show, I would suggest any above this one.  The moving stage was interesting...but the story alone was kind of dull.
5	I had read the reviews and was a little unsure about it. We were really happy with it. The tricks were unbelievable and the story line was good. The theater was impressive. The entire time we were in awe of how they were able to change the settings so many times. Over all it was fantastic!
5	This is a great show. The whole stage is a prop, moving vertically at times to act as a wall to climb. Very impressive with what they do with the stage alone. On top of that the show has a good story line, and great acrobatics. Probably one of the best shows you can see in Vegas.
5	This was anamazing experience. The whole stage moved anywhere from a fully horizontal position to vertical to anywhere in between throughout the show, which added a lot to the narration of the story. There were no real words in the play (aside from some mumbled Chinese/Mandarin) so you had to pay attention to the actions to understand what was going on. I went with my family, and ended up having to explain some of the story to them, but they definitely appreciated the effects, the stage and costumes. There's no intermission in the show, and the speakers are embedded in the seats for the illusion of surround sound. If you sit towards the back it might be hard to see the little section before the actual moving stage. There were a few "slow motion" effects, which were cool to see in live action. The whole room is pretty much used throughout the play, so dancers can bee in the aisle or up in the air at any point in the show. Definitely worth the $150+ tickets.
5	After watching a lot of Cirque shows, they get a little repetitive; typical contortionist, silk aerial, trapeze acts, etc. BUT that doesn't mean I get tired of being fascinated with their special talents and abilities! Although this was my 6th Cirque production I have seen, this has become one of my top faves for sure! When you initially walk into the Ka theatre, you're already in awe of the set that is built above you, you know you're walking into a real treat. My group got discounted tickets at the Forum Shoppes  where they choose your designated section at the last hour. We got lucky and got side orchestra seats, enough to be away from the stage where we can see the whole production, but close enough to see the detailing of their intricate costumes. TIP: DO NOT PURCHASE FRONT ROW SEATS. This is a production you want to be sitting a little far back from so you can really appreciate everything that is going on. This turned out to be an amazing show! The stage is really something else, and the digital visual effects are AMAZING! I heard the stage cost them $200 mil to build, so you can imagine when I say it really is 'someting else'. They did have several of the typical acts like silk aerial stunts, but for the most part, this show can be appreciated for the overall production - lighting, setting, stage, music. AND there was an actual storyline you could follow. Definitely not the typical Cirque du Soleil show I was expecting, but bettter.
2	My husband and I were excited to see Ka because I had heard it was the only one of the Cirque shows with a story line.  We also got front row seats, which we were very excited about.  We became very disappointed about both as the show went on.There is so much things flying over the audience's heads, blocked views and bad angles from being so close, the most expensive seats are easily the worst in the house.  =(The story was ok.  But hard to follow considering they spoke no English when they talked.  When they did talk it was a jumble of Japanese, Italian, Swahili, and gibberish, depending on the origin of the actor.  Pick one and stick to it please, I may not understand you, but I know what each sound like.  I also didn't understand why the floors turned into walls and started rotating at some points.  It just didn't make sense.Both my husband and I thought the tricks where bland and basic circus acts.  My husband had a hard time following the story because their was no talking and because of his lack of interest after seeing people dressed up as giant insects and animals.  This show is geared to much younger audiences.  My husband mentally checked out after he saw someone in a puppeteered turtle costume do the moon walk.This show is great for small children and if you sit further back.  If you are taking a vacation without the kiddies, skip this show.  The only way I would have found this entertaining would be if I was 5 years old.
5	Second best cirque du soleil in Vegas taking place in the MGM grand
5	This is one of my favorite Cirque Soleil shows here in Las Vegas.. Even though i did not really understand the story outline, i was still amazed with the production! I was amazed how the stage can move up down all around side ways.  I was taking a friend who's never seen a Cirque show. He was awkstricken right when we walked into the show room all the way through the end with fireworks and pirotechnics at work.. I have seen this show at least 4-5 times? and this show has never failed me.. I love everything about it. Not going to get into details about the acts because i do not want to spoil it for those of you who havent seen it.. Watch Ka now you will be WOWED!
5	We had 9:30 tickets this past Saturday evening and were blown away by how beautiful the theater was as we walked in.  We were seated in the 2nd row and felt sometimes like we could touch the performers.  The show is just great - and you won't be disappointed in it at all.  I've only seen "O" in the past and this one is different but still very exciting.  The story line is good and the acrobatics and aerial acts were just amazing.  The performance was at times breathtakingly beautiful.  We plan on seeing this again when we return to Vegas with our kids.  The only thing I would do differently is actually buy seats that are a bit further back.  I felt we were so close that we probably missed a few things that were going on around us.I would recommend this show HIGHLY - you will not be disappointed!
5	I had spent the day at the Grand Canyon and was totally exhausted by the time we made it to the show. But wow! Was I blown away!Its a very different concept than most Cirque Du Soleil shows. The rotating stage is very impressive, and the show is very entertaining. The performers did a formidable job at keeping everyone on their toes, and the music was beautiful as well.I would recommend this show to anyone going to Vegas.
3	The tricks were really fun to see but the story line was hard to follow.  It was nice to see waht a cirque du soleil is all about but not in a rush to go back.
5	Now this was one of the best entertainment performance I've seen. I have been to the Broadway's Lion King, Cirque du soleil O, Mystere, Saltimbanco, and Alegria, so I have seen what Cirque's got. Which KA is totally different than the rest. It has a bold story line! If you are first timer at Cirque show, this is not a circus. This is a performance by world class artists, designers, technicians, composers, directors, and of course the performers! I hate seeing other reviews saying how it was confusing and this show was for kids... Because to be honest, if you are not a kid then how did you not get the story? Like I said, the story is bold for a cirque show. It is easy to understand if you follow the show. The only reason why it might be confusing is because the scenes change, but just know your characters then you are fine. Someone from the other review said they did not understand what they were saying, this is because in almost all Cirque shows, they are not speaking a language!! It's actually called Cirquish which is basically gibberish mix of different languages. You might hear a word from latin, Japanese, African languages, and such. Now for the kids, they would love it too. In fact the first performance I saw from Cirque was the O when I was 9 years old and LOVED it. I still remember the details of how the theater looked, smelt, the performance, and music. [ I found out O uses special aroma for the theater by a company called Aromasys to cover the water smell, which is very elegant and rich smell which I still can not forget and loved. That is why I researched this when I got older because I just loved it so much.]For those who don't know, the music from all Cirque shows are live. Which you will see in KA on the stage and off the stage. The performance itself is very unique and amazing. The stage moving, the performers flying around, acrobats, the music, they are all world class performance. Try to enjoy the whole theater because it is filled with many things going on at once. Pretty much every seat is good because performers are everywhere not only on the stage. Don't get too cocky about the front seats, they are good, but you will miss what's going on behind you!
5	I loved the romantic story line of this show. The fact that the stage moves and twirls is an added bonus to all the actions that the show is filled with. Classic story of love and lost with a twist. Th fight scenes are thrilling to watch, especially when the stage goes vertical. The forest scene was my favorite.
5	I don't have much to say except wow! This was by far the best show I have ever seen-- both in terms of performance as well as special effects. From the moment that you get inside the theatre you are immersed in the world that they create for you. Even the people taking your tickets are in on the show, and they are great at getting you to laugh and to feel comfortable. There is sound coming from the seats themselves and actors everywhere chanting in an odd imaginary language, which also makes you lose a sense of reality as well. The show is so amazing that you lose a sense of time as well, and when it is over, both my husband and I were sad to leave. If we could have watched the show twice in a row, we would have. I'm not going to write about the show itself as I do not want to ruin anything-- I'll just say that the last few scenes, in my opinion, were the best. If you are debating about what show to see in Vegas, this one is one of, if not the, best pick.
1	That was just weak. Unimpressive stunts and a story written for children.I am amazed at how people can be impressed by this show. Extremely slow, boring and poor acrobatics. To be honest it looked more like stiff legged power rangers doing warm ups. The beach scene was just plain insulting and not at all funny or charming. My toes are still aching...Only positive thing I can say, is that the moving scene was impressive along with the room in general. Buy tickets for Love or O if you want to be impressed by Cirque du Soleil.The happy-disney-ending almost made me want to jump off a building.
5	It was so AMAZING and COOL that I can't even actually describe it! My jaw dropped watching this show. It's definitely a must see when you're in Vegas!
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  A friend of mine recommended this show - said it was the BEST Cirque Du Soleil show in Vegas, and after seeing it, I'd have to agree!  Instead of 1.5 hours of somewhat random awesomeness, this show actually had a story-line that you could follow, which super entertaining!  It had so many different elements to please every single person (females, males, and children).  This was right up my husband & I's alley, but we also took some friends that weren't so "artsy" with us and they were constantly saying "WOW" (as were we) :)  I recommend sitting towards the back (we were in row G and it was a little too close) so  you can see everything that's happening on the sides of the stage more (which really isn't too often, but it happens).  Also, the stage rotates every which way, so if you sit close, you'll be looking UP a lot and your neck gets a little tired.  Anyway, this show is DEFINITELY recommended by us - it was absolutely breathtaking!  A must see - I don't think ANYONE would be disappointed seeing this!!!
3	My husband and I went to see this on 7/26/2012. It was our first time seeing a Cirque show. We sat about 7 rows from the front on the right hand side. I think if we had sat farther away we might have had a bit more appreciation for the set. As it was we sat so close to the stage the acrobatics didn't seem that impressive because we were so close nothing looked that high and it was easy to understand how it worked. The storyline lacked and I'm not sure it was necessary. In fact it seemed that there were parts of the show that didn't really add to the impressiveness of the skill but they were there to carry on a very loose story line. All in all I do not reccomend this as someone's first Cirque show. If you go get the cheapest seats and try to get seated farther back from the stage.
4	I watched it with my family (6) on a wednesday night, using 40% military discount, with category C seating (~450)- Great show! I don't want to ruin it for you. I suggest reading up Wiki Ka b4 actually watching the show. It can be confusing since there practically isn't any talking. The summary will give you an idea of what to expect, although, it may ruin any surprises...not really- Only show to actually have a story line. Most shows are abstract.  - FIRE! FIREWORKS! ROTATING podium that turns into many things! Sooo cool!- About 1hr 40min show- Music reminds me of an RPG video game. Final Fantasy? haha- Venue reminds me of a Megaman level.
5	MDC and I were in Vegas for a couple nights and I was in charge of setting up our nightly entertainment.  We have loved all the Cirque shows that we've seen so setting one up was a no brainer.  The Beatles Love was on a 10 day hiatus and Zumanity was "dark" the 2 night s we were here.  Next best show?.... KA, here's how we did...We we're the first ones in line and got to talk to the "gatekeepers."  Now these people are some weird people.  I'm not sure if they were acting like knuckleheads or if they were just weird but it was a fun intro to the show.  Once the doors open people start flooding inside.  We got caught by one of the photographers and they took about 5 pics.  We didn't end up buying them because they week and numerous people photo bombed our pics.  Once we get inside the theater we get to our seats.  We're about 7 rows back and front and center.  I did a good job with these seats, I paid for them too.  I think they were $150 a piece.  Once we got seated, another person took a few pics of us.  These ones were great with the stage behind us and pyrotechnics shooting fireballs in the air.  We ended up getting these ones after the show.  I sure as hell paid for these too, $45!  Geez, talk about a wallet raping.  That's just too damn much.  But the pics were nice and MDC wanted them so I had no choice.Onto the show.... from the very beginning we were intrigued.  The story which I wont talk about was awesome.  It showed laughter, loyalty, pain, love and so much more.  My favorite part was when they told a story with their hands.  With the light behind their hands they made images on the wall.  I laughed and almost cried, it was truly amazing!  Great job to Cirque and KAWill I again?.....I'd like to see more Cirque shows before I come back but I would love to see KA again.  Toot!
4	KA is well-worth the money! I liked it alot. It was one of my favorite cirque du soleil shows in Vegas. They usually have deals on this show during the summer on travelzoo, so look out for those. Unlike the other shows, this one has a plot and story to it. The setup and stage looked awesome! The costumes and acrobatics were amazing! I sat in the middle section of the lower orchestra, that was pretty close to the stage and I saw everything clearly. I think wherever you sit will be great...the theatre is a good size. In my opinion, KA is the next best show to the Beatles 'Love'. If you are looking for a good show, try this one!.Enjoy!
5	I thought this show was fantastic! The set was incredible--I have not seen anything like it!! We got amazing seats last minute so we got to see the costumes and make-up really well. Everything was intricate, complex, and extremely well done. It was truly a mesmerizing show and one of the better Cirque shows (I saw Mystere and Criss Angel and was not too impressed). The storyline was easy to follow, the acrobatics were great, and the music choice was interesting (plus a sound system in your chair truly enhanced the experience). I highly recommend it!
4	Ka is my first Cirque du Soleil show I've ever watched live and what a treat it was.  Although you can tell that the story is by no means polished and there's some unnecessary filler (with some flat humor), the show is both an ambitious triumph in artistry and technology that literally took my breath away.  So what is Ka?  The basic premise follows a prince and a princess who gets separated under an initial attack.  The show follows their journey as they find out who was behind the attack and their many meetings and encounters with the strange and fantastical world of Ka.  The first thing you'll notice when coming into the theater is that there is not only a stage that constantly changes thanks to the many movable props and a super-awesome moving stage but also some great features that extend towards the far ends of the entire theater and has parts played into the show.  Really cool.  The second thing to notice is that crazy moving stage.  I've seen very few other productions like it in which the stage acts as so many different elements (a rock-climbing section which I won't spoil too much of here is nothing short of awe-inspiring).  And in connection with the stage of course is the actual performers themselves who simply rock.  It almost seemed as if one of the performers near the middle of the show in a complex section was about to fall off but luckily, he recovered and was the only 'error' that was noticeable.  The other effects are pretty awesome when they appear and surprisingly, comes quite often.  Ka makes smart use of both the complex and the simple (a scene near the beginning 'underwater' is one of the most clever 'underwater' scenes I've seen).  My biggest complaints with the show lie in it's story and filler.  I hear that this is the first Cirque production that tries to incorporate a story and at it's foundation, it's not too difficult to follow.  However, although the context is appreciated in connecting the scenes together, expect to either feel a little lost as scenes tend to fly around with some recklessness and little guidance.  The filler didn't help either with the humor usually falling a bit flat and feels like it wasted some time in just setting up the next big stunt (which again, is understandable, but a really neat shadow play section shows that smart filler space could have made all the difference.)  Service-wise, my biggest complaint has to be the lack of a 'will call' line, at least when we came 15 minutes before the show started.  Most of the line could have moved much quicker if the ticket counter were able to separate those that needed new tickets versus those that bought tickets beforehand so do take note.  Luckily, the inside staff is very kind even if you come in a bit late.  Not only are they 'in character' but they also lead you to your seats with flashlights at the appropriate moment.  Price-wise, do try to book early (they had a special $10 off booking about 5-6 weeks in advance in the summertime).  Ka was an excellent Cirque du Soleil experience, especially being my first one.  It was such a technological marvel with some breathtaking feats that rarely stopped when it got going.  Kudos to the Cirque and all the staff for a beautiful performance and a great way to celebrate.
5	Amazing, so entertaining it is absolutely breath taking! It has been a long time that I was entertained like this. The entire theatre is the scene, of course in the tradition of Cirque du Soleil, and the entree scene is alive! It is emotional, moving, mind bugging, absolutely amazing. It is the one of the best show I have ever seen. A must seeif you are in Vegas :)))
5	KA is an acid trip kung fu live action movie with the most impressive combination of acrobatics and technology that I've ever seen. The stage itself is a performer, doing some really crazy stunts that you never saw coming.
5	Amazing!This is my favorite cirque du solei show. I've seen it 3 times. I love the story line and the amazing stage that moves and make the show more interactive. The music keeps you in the mood of what's happening and the performer as are top notch. The drinks and food a fairly priced for the show. Get there early to get a couple drinks.
3	I am sure this is a five star show to those who are new to acrobats but to me who grown up watching Chinese acrobats KA is just an entry level acrobat show(death wheel is the only part I enjoyed). I know I could never do any of the moves in KA but when you have seen the best of it watching KA really disappointed me a lot... I would choose Mystere over Ka which has more acrobatic skills and music is better. 3 stars is for the hard working performers.
5	Great Show!! Its a must see. Show is located inside the MGM Grand Casino. Once entering the KA theater all the workers down to the ticket takers,ushers to the bartenders are in character for the show. Price not cheap lowest price is 80 dollars. But you can tell by the production from the set the multi stages and the costumes Cirque du Solei did not spare no expense. You will get your money worth!!
3	I picked this show to watch because the story line was something my (Vietnamese) parents could understand, but my sister and her bf had already watched the show.  However, they said it was so good that they were willing to pay $100 to watch it again.  We got the fifth row from the back, but at least we were in the middle of the theater - seating was pretty decent in my opinion.I like how the performers came out before the show actually started.  They did a small gestures/skits while people were still looking for their seats.  They story line was simple, but made it easier to follow since there wasn't any dialog (just some singing). The performance and the graphics were amazing, but I was hoping the last flight would of been more intense and had more action.  Great start, weak finish.Overall, it was worth $100 and was a great experience, but I would not pay another $100 to watch it again.
5	I won't even try to put this show into words. Just go see it, soon!
2	Not amused. It's an okay show, but actually, I was quite bored. I've seen other Cirque shows and this has to be at the bottom of my list along with Zumanity.
5	My first Cirque show ever did not disappoint...and I didn't even try to read the backstory on it! I've heard of and seen clips from other shows which seemed pretty cool, but Ka's story-line theme, music, costumes, set design, the amazing visuals, and acrobats/stunts were out of this world. It was like watching an action movie on stage (i.e. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon) and the audience was quite enthralled. I marveled at how great of a shape you have to be in order to do all the acrobats/stunts.  There were some cheesy humor to it, but all in all an amazing high-energy show.The only part that was sort of lame was not having a separate line for Will Call at the Ticket Office. The folks were very friendly and it was a nice to touch to incorporate folks from the show interacting with the audience before they entered. Definitely a show not to miss!!
1	This was my third Cirque show and I had high expectations for this show. As soon as you walk into the theater you get excited and just know this show is going to be great. After about 10 mins I was bored out of mind. The story was a little hard to follow and if youre expecting lots of flying, juggling, the normal Cirque stuff, this is not the show to see. If you get free tickets like I did, go ahead and see it, but I wouldve asked for a refund if I had paid.
2	"ka ka". It was an Asian influenced dance hard to follow story. I don't know what the reviews meant by a great story. The best parts were the amazing acrobats that were few and far between. We were bored half way thru but much too expensive to leave early! I've seen O and Mystere they were much better.
5	The overall staging was the most impressive. Having a story line was a big plus. Love the Chinese Peking Opera style of sword fighting. Although a bit weak on acrobat, the presentation was beautiful. The uses of the mobile staging is just amazing. Definitely much better than Cirque Du Soleil shows in NYC.
5	This was my first time seeing a show in Vegas and I'm not sure how they could get any better. Absolutely LOVED this show! We were going to see 'O' first but they were sold out for two nights. We were staying at MGM so we received a discount. All the seats in the theater were great. I don't think there was a bad seat in the house. We sat about three row up in the top section and could see everything perfectly. We all left saying "Wow, wow, wow!"
5	Amazing! I was on the edge of my seat covering my mouth as they were performing death defying stunts. Great music. Engaging story. The theater is very comfortable. I could have slept in the seat it was that comfortable. Serious. Not gonna say much more don't want to give it away. I will say, my only gripe: managment needs to get together and organize the lobby pre-show. Get some velvet ropes and create lines for people to stand in. It was a free-for-all with people cutting in front of us, pushing us etc. Not fun.
5	What a great show - just really spectacular. I saw O last year, and thoroughly enjoyed it, and to me, Ka was just as good if not better. I love the creativity and different perspectives that Cirque offers the audience. You always stay at the edge of your seat because you don't know what way the stage is going to turn on all of its 3 axis! The storyline was easy to follow and quite beautiful. Would definitely be willing to see this again in the future!
4	My husband had never been to Cirque du Soleil in Vegas and I had already seen O and Mystere.  Heard good things and we were staying closeby so we definitely wanted to watch this.Overall I liked it.  I found the story a little hard to follow (well think I was just tired) but the effects, the stage, everything was what you expect from Cirque du Soleil.  Just overall fantastic.  And we had great seats, dead center around 15th row .My only qualm was I usually enjoy more acrobatics from Cirque and this is more of their other stunts, and more the stage, the story, etc that captivates you.  But can't complain, I'd def recommend this!
5	I can't believe I almost didn't review KA! I spent hours upon hours researching shows in Vegas for my 21st birthday and I finally decided on KA based on availability and ratings. How would I describe it in one word? Exciting! Like other people have said, it can sometimes be a little difficult to follow since they obviously can't talk, but everything else definitely makes up for it and you just forget about the story and get so involved with what they're doing!A few things I would recommend if you're considering this show is to definitely buy early and straight from the MGM website! I bought 2 really good tickets in the front-ish rows for under $200 with taxes and everything included. Definitely go check it out! Definitely worth the money. I can't wait to go see all of the other ones :)
3	My least fav. Cirque show. I just didn't find it as exciting as the others. A little too much performance art vs. acrobatic entertainment. Ive seen almost all the cirque shows and  this is my least favorite. To be honest, I thought it was boring.
5	Oh KA, how I love this show!! It's one of my favorite cirque shows. It's between this and O as my top shows. I loved everything about this show- the performances, the characters, the music. I've been wanting to watch this show again for quite some time!! The performances do a very good job of evoking emotion and whenever I listen to the CD, I think of the acts I saw. The stage is amazing, performing on a vertical platform at most times!! Talk about intense!! The performers are very good at what they do and there is no other cirque show like this one!! Don't sit too close to the stage as the vertical platform they perform on is HUGE and if you sit too close, your neck will probably ache by the end of the show from having to look up most of the time. I think I sat about 8 or 10 rows back... which was good, but I think it would have been better to sit maybe like 12-15 rows back to avoid looking up as much, but I like to be able to see the faces well either as cirque shows play on emotion. When I sat down deep in my chair however, I was able to comfortably rest my neck while looking up and so no neck strain for me!A must see show in my book!! I've seen 10 cirque shows to date.
3	Great theatre and amazing stage cannot fault the production values of the show however there were less acrobatics than expected and this mismatch of expectations can put ppl off
5	I'm going to be honest, I was pretty skeptical going into KA. It was my first Cirque show and I was a little turned off by everything I've seen about Cirque in movies which made me think it was going to be bizarre, a little disturbing, and overall something I would enjoy more had I eaten some special mushrooms beforehand.. I was BLOWN AWAY. Thank goodness my bestie has more sense than I do and made me go because it was hands down the most amazing show I've ever seen. The caliber of talent was crazy high and the amazing and diverse tricks they worked into the story made it something everyone should see. I don't want to give too much away because I want you to be as in awe as I was but I will say this: if you were skeptical, don't be. If you love tricks of all kinds, amazing acrobatics, sitting on the edge of your seat in anticipation, and hand shadow puppets of all things: GO!
5	I've been to quite a few cirque shows and this is by far the most visually stunning of them all. I don't want to give anything from the show away so just take my word for it this is a must see show for everyone, you will be amazed and astounded.
5	Wow, this was my 3rd Cirque show and by far the most impressive. The stage rotates completely! Performers are suspended by wires for most of the show because most of it is performed at a 45 degree angle! At one point the stage was up completely perpendicular to the floor! This show was supposed to have a storyline to it, but both my sister and I found it difficult to follow. Any audio that was spoken was also difficult to hear clearly. Somehow though, it doesn't matter. The acrobatics and wire suspension are so impressive that you still sit enthralled. Our favorite was the beach scene with the turtle and crab. Kind of random, but we loved it.
4	wow is all i can say...the stage setup is nothing i have ever seen before, it rotates flips around, goes vertical, and angles through out the show.the story was simplea couple of laughs here n there ..some moments kept me one edge as it was exciting to see what will happen nextsoo much eye candy and the performers was amazing. must check this out!!cirque du soleil does not disappoint
4	Ka was an AWESOME Cirque show!!! I was thoroughly impressed! This is a show like no other and the stage is by far the most unique because it moves! The theater was impressive. I have seen traveling shows that look like a circus, but this was not "circus-y" at all. I highly recommend anyone to see this if they like martial arts. I gave it 4 stars because there were a few times in the show where there was down time and it was kind of boring.
5	This is probably the only Cirque show where almost anyone can follow the storyline.  Unlike most Cirque shows where you kinda of shrug as to the storyline.There is an amazing stunt they do where they have the fight scene on a vertical platform.  It's seen in most of the commercials, but that scene alone is worth the price of admission.This show is I guess considered one of the lesser preferred shows, because there are always discount tickets for this show.
5	Is there a bad Cirque show?!We got super cheap tickets through a Facebook offer. Our seats were in section 202, GG, seats 22-24, on the seating chart it seems like they are nosebleeds but they were AWESOME. You had a view of everything and the seats have sound in them...uh, AWESOME. Out of all the Cirque shows I've seen--O, Mystere, Love--this was probably my least fave but it was still amazing. The stage is the focal point, less acrobatics than most shows.
5	This one took me by surprise. The music is especially thought provoking an captures emotion out of nowhere.  At parts, touching, charming, funny, amazing.  I've only seen this and Love and I like Ka much better if that was possible.  Well done MGM
5	Saw the show last night. It has amazing imagery and choreography, and most of the performance was done on moving platforms! Ka has an intense storyline and was a spectacular show! I love Cirque Du Soleil shows, they always shock and impress me. I definitely recommend this show and would see it again!
4	Pretty much any Cirque du Soleil show is going to be amazing. And while KA was an great performance, I didn't think it was as good as Beatles LOVE, which I saw three years ago.The theater itself is very cool. It's huge and has plenty of seating. The stage is incredible. It moves and tilts and spins - it's so cool! The performers are very talented and skilled. I will say there were parts of KA that I found to be a little boring, like when there was only one person on stage bouncing a baton around. I could have done without that. Otherwise it was very good. Not as good as LOVE, but still a great show.
5	This was my second time seeing Ka at the MGM in Las Vegas. The first time I sat in the cheap seats in the back, this time I sat in the cheap seats closer to the front :). Two completely different experiences and both of them absolutely excellent. Sitting in the back really gave you a great overall view of the story. Unlike other Cirque shows, Ka has a plot to it as well as being visually stunning. From the back you get a   great view of the absolutely incredible stage which provides the centerpiece of the performance. It actually moves up, down, and becomes completely vertical to provide   different backdrops to the action.Up closer to the stage this time, I got a much better sense of the acting, makeup, effects and stunts that these performers put into the show It made me appreciate it even more!Don't hesitate, just book your tickets! You can get really decent seats for $100 through a concierge pretty easily.
5	this will be short and sweet as I definitely don't want to ruin the show...all I will say is what a spectacular production that fully lives up to the Cirque du Soleil reputation.  I can't believe people can do those kinds of things without a net!  As a fan of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon- I truly loved this show and couldn't wait to tell everyone I know about it.  Suspense, intrigue, mystery, love... they will take you through an emotional rainbow with a grand finale you won't forget.We actually scored better seats at a huge price cut at the MGM KA Theater box office the day of rather than waste our time at the Tickets4Tonight kiosks.  If you really want to see a specific show, take the extra 10 minutes and see just how much tickets cost at the box office before blowing precious Vegas hours waiting in those lines.
5	I'm not a show type person, so this is the fanciest one I've ever been too. I enjoyed it even thou I thought the show was about a rock and it ended up being about something else. I've read where it's 2 different expirences in the front and back. We where right smack dab in the middle. I enjoyed it. The sound was loud, the lights where bright and the seats where incredibly comfortable. I was dressed up this night and I'm not a shirt and tie kinda Guy so that's saying wonders. The aisles are nice and wide. The only downside to the place is when it's time to exit. I think we stood at the end of the aisle for 10 minutes before we had an opportunity to start walking after that thou, it was smooth sailing. If your in the mood for a change of pace and something different, I think this is quite the offering.
5	BEST SHOW EVER!!! My daughter was 5 when watched for the first time, and she loved it as well!A MUST SEE if you come to Las Vegas or you are a resident.CONGRATULATIONS!!!
5	When I first heard of this show called KA, I immediately thought "BIRDS"! HA! I bought tickets for my family as a Christmas gift to watch Ka at MGM GRAND because I wanted to give them something they would remember long term. I had a choice of "O" at Bellagio," Mystere" at Treasure Island and "Ka" at MGM GRAND so I picked Ka because it was the newest Cirque show at that time and cheaper then "O". The lines were long to buy your tickets but luckily I just had to pick them up at will call.  =PTIP**DON'T MISS THE PRESHOW!!I won't give too much information about the show but it's an Asian theme involving a royal family and twins that try to find each other......  =I Kids would love this type of showed since it's geared towards a younger crowd.That's all I'm going to say!    LOLThe show followed the storyline perfectly compared to Mystere if it had a storyline and my parents took a while to understand what was going on after my sister's explained it after the show. What I loved about the show was the evolving stage and the use of props and lighting to change from one scene to the next, I thought that was very innovative in stage production and made you wonder what was going to happen next.
2	I've been to a few Cirque Du Soleil shows, and this is probably my least favorite. We chose Ka because it was infused with martial arts. While that is true, they could have done so much more with it and included more martial arts The story dragged on way too long, and there wasn't enough action going on. My bf and I actually fell asleep on some parts of it.There wasn't a lot of the typical Cirque tricks either...come to think of it, there weren't a lot of tricks period. The highlight for us was when they were doing the planko trick. It was when they had the stage tilted and the performers were human plankos.  I think I had a better time before the show started when some of the performers were going around talking to us and making fun of some of the people in the audience. I don't recommend this one, go see another Cirque Du Soleil show.
5	Mindblowing set.No stage.Amazing soundtrack.Potentially my favorite Cirque show, because despite the lack of acrobatics, it has a solid narrative that you can lose yourself in if you let go.
4	The show tells a story of a brother and sister that get divided and have to find their way back.  It's also about them growing up.The stage is amazing it moves every which way (I mean every which way: up down, sideways, around).The show is really good and the story helps follow it.  It's funny at times but is a little dark.Highly recommend it.  We sat to the right of the stage and our view was good.They have a bar where you can get drinks and some food before the show but the prices are crazy.
5	By far the best show I have ever seen... I was blown away! Read in Wikipedia about the stage platform, it is a technological marvel! The enormous performance space is 15 stories from the highest ceiling grid to the lowest floor level. This is one of a kind show! Can't say enough about it.
5	Ka was the first of the Cirque du Soleil shows I wanted to see.  As life always plays out in dramatic and unexpected fashion, it became the fourth CdS (Cirque du Soleil) show watched.  This one is located at the MGM Grand.  Outside of O, general consensus says this is one of the best.  Right at the front doors you'll be greeted by slew of ushers talking in a tone reminiscent of a Renaissance Fair except in the world of Ka.  We then took our "professional" pictures; one of which was with the ushers.  Bun asked why we took a picture with the usher.  Considering my silly logic, I really thought she was in the actual show for an odd reason.  She was just that convincing.        Walking into the auditorium, you'll be blown away with the breathtaking size and grandeur of the theatre.  I almost ran into the railing looking straight up and around the theatre setting pieces.  The story of Ka is more a straight forward story than other CdS shows such as Mystere, which is overly abstract at points.  Filled with action packed martial art scenes, acrobatics, and some comedic relief to boot, the story of two siblings is played out with almost no narration.  Everything is shown through movements and facial expressions (if you're sitting close enough).  The most glaring positive note I have for Ka is their translatability to the audience.  You can tell everyone just gets it when the characters on stage are conveying a language through movement.  The syncing dance with the backdrops and props will leave you firstly, awestricken from symbolic motion, and secondly, wearing a "Whoa! How did they do that?" face on.  Good versus evil, love story, epic journey, and coming of age can all be categories describing the performance.  Ka has the whole package.  This is my favorite and best CdS so far.  Wild rides of suspense and emotion inducing moments will have you thinking where the last hour and half went.
4	Word to the wise if you have been drinking heavily or are sleepy going into this show you WILL fall asleep! The music is very soothing & puts you in a relaxed state for the duration of the show. The venue is a large crescent shaped moon which has a large amount of seating. From the minute you arrive you will be greated by ushers that are in similar costumes to that of those in the show. It's a story about a brother & sister that get seperated. You follow them through their joys & sorrow. You also get to witness the largest touch screen in one of the scenes. The show is great for those of all ages!Anyone that is interested in drinking, the prices for drinks is high so good luck trying to sneak in a drink. Also at times you can catch a picture w/ some of the cast prior & after the show if you're lucky!
1	I had to write to share my viewpoint especially after reading all of these great reviews on the show. I attended this show with my husband and our dear friends last night. We deliberately set out to see this show as the culmination of a fantastic week in Vegas. Unfortunately it was a huge disappointment! None of us enjoyed it though we had been looking forward to it all week long. It was sooooo boring. It takes place in a beautiful, but very dark theatre , the music was very dreary and somber, the acts were unimpressive, and the story was very difficult to follow. Our husbands fell fast asleep within the first ten minutes of the show, and my friend and I were definitely thinking about it. No one else around us seemed to be enjoying it. There were lots of empty seats all around us. I think people are beginning to realize there are so many other beautiful, upbeat, creative, and colorful shows to choose from in Vegas.  I am sorry to say I would be unable to recommend this show to anyone unless they really wanted to pay big money to snooze.
3	Cooldramatic and entertaining for a family outting.
3	It was alright. I've heard so many people rave about this show, and I guess with having such high expectations before seeing it, I became a little dissapointed when it didnt turn out like how I thought it would.Still worth seeing. I'd say seating really doesnt matter.. because there is action going on everywhere not just at the front. You'll see them from the sides. so if you reserve seats at the front, you'll have to turn around to see some action..
5	My first Cirque Du Soleil show ever! Ushers are welcoming and dressed in costumes Cute shadow puppetsEasy to follow story lineGreat costumes and effectsFireworksSnowCrazy talented guy jump roping on a rotating wheel thingAmazing silk aerial performance in the love sceneRotating wall List is endless.  Too bad I can't remember everything to tell you all.  My excuse?  it's vegas xD  Amazing show though, I remember that much!
5	Ka is my first circque du soleil show I ever watched with my soul mate. We werent married at the time. Just friend actually. But I thought I would take her to a show where it will blows her mind away. Well guess what. KA did just that. I still havent take her to another show that blows her mind like KA did. I kind of saving it for later. :) But to beat KA is very hard. This shows will blow your mind away.The grandeur of the stage, the devying gravity act, the costumes, the story, everything about it rocks. You have to check it out yourself so that you know what I am talking about!
3	I'm not a huge fan of Cirque. Don't get me wrong; what they do IS amazing. But like cathedrals in Italy, if you seen a few they seem the same. I do think KA had a great stage and an excellent lighting design. My favorit was under the water scene.I haven't seen 'O' so I wouldn't claim to be the authority on Cirque shows. If you get discounted tickets like we did, I would recommend checking it out.
5	I haven't seen too many Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas, only Mystere and Le Reve. But Ka was definitely by far the best I've seen out of the three! THAT'S A HUGE....THEATREWhen I walked into the theatre I was in awe of how big this theatre was in comparison to the Le Reve theatre, this was huge (that's what she said)!! The interior design of the theatre was beautiful, and I couldn't help but to keep looking around the theatre in awe, like a child in a candy store. LET THE SHOW BEGINThe show was amazing, the actors were superb and kept me entertained the entire time. I remember realizing that their stunts had me sitting on the edge of my seat, with sweaty palms and an increased heart rate! That statement alone should say a lot. Oh and the actors on stage are NOT the only actors, the ushers themselves act as well. Most of them are very entertaining/funny, while others were just flat out weird BUT still entertaining!CONCLUSIONI highly, highly recommend this show though I have only seen two other Cirque Du Soleil shows, Ka was the most entertaining and totally worth the money! After I knock some other shows off my list, you can bet your ass I'll be coming back to see Ka again for some pure entertainment!
1	I love all the other Cirque shows and my wife and I were very excited to see KA.  It was bad.  Real bad.  I have no idea why anyone would rate this 4-5 stars.  The story line was non existent and there was very very little action.'O' is one of the best shows I've ever seen.  This is not in that category or even close.KA gets a big thumbs down from my wife and I.
5	Stunning. Visually, musically, sexually. Okay, wait. Maybe not that last one.No, those ushers were pretty sexy.Anyway, as someone who tends towards feeling a little jaded by the plethora of shows available in Seattle where I live, I'm hard to please I think.  But then you see something like this and I'm just wrong. I'm totally blown away.The set and theater was as much part of the show as the amazingly talented performers, the way the music comes in behind you (and we had inexpensive seats up high) and the stage moves with each scene change, it's a modern miracle of technology that makes such an old-feeling tale seem completely fresh.The true test? Would I go back and see the same one again?Yup, any time. Amazing.
2	I miss the more acrobatic CDS. KA was good but not great.  A lot of dancing and not a lot of acrobatics as the first CDS show I saw when they were first introduced many years ago.  This is the second time seeing one of the million CDS and I don't think I will be back to see any of the other ones.The theater was big and interesting, staff was friendly and engaging and the production was good, but like I said it wasn't for me.I will stick with the comedy, one time shows etc.
5	I saw Ka this past Saturday evening with my girlfriend.  It was probably the best live performance that I have ever seen and I have seen many shows live.  The theater, performers and set are all top notch and many things that the performers do are simply amazing.  I mean who doesn't like seeing a completely vertical battle and another that started diagonally and went vertical.  It was almost like watching a video game and yet it was real.  The music was also good and complimented the show nicely.  The only downside was that the story itself was fairly lame but it's tough when they don't talk and who goes for the story?The bottom line for me is that I loved the show and would recommend it for everyone.  It's not often that I say this but I would have been ok with spending more to see it, it was that good!
5	One of the best shows I have ever seen! Got a huge cup of some sort of frozen concoction in the lobby on the way in and were greeted by "warriors" all above us I think "threatening" us and doing jumps over our heads. Great entrance.Then the show...WOW. The stage is so amazing by itself. The performers are equally amazing. There is not too much karate, mixed with some great Ariel tricks and some suspenseful moments. Been to a couple Cirque De Soleil and I must say this one tops them all.
5	KA is what could easily be described as storytelling perfection. As a student majoring in Entertainment Engineering and Design Technology  at UNLV, everything Cirque Du Soleil is nothing short of fascinating to me.Upon walking into the theater, you feel like you're transported to another world. The theme of KA is fire, and as soon as you set your sights on the stage you see, and if you're sitting close enough, feel it. Large fireballs rise from what appears to be a bottomless stage area, creating a sense of excitement and curiosity. The show displays the theme of fire through out it. The way the songs for this show were composed, in my opinion, mimic the growth and expansion of a flame. They start off small but crescendo into much more, giving the listener different feelings as the song progresses. If you don't get what I mean, try listening to Love Dance, one of my personal favorite songs and performances during the show. The technical aspects of this show were absolutely magnificent. One of the things I found most interesting was the Sand Cliff deck. Not only can they move this stage around using hydraulics, but there are touch sensitive panels installed in the stage allowing it to track the movements each performer makes. That stage is truly a work of art. If you are in Vegas and looking for a show to watch, definitely give KA a chance. If you are a lover of music, art, or technology this show will be very pleasing to your ears and eyes.
3	I like O and Mystere the best. This was a bit boring in spots.
5	HOW do they DO the things that they do?!?! Seriously, a huge number of the acrobatic feats performed in the KA show are not just edge-of-your-seat thrilling, but also I'm-scratching-my-head-trying-to-figure-out-how-in-the-world-they-do-that intense. Everyone talks about the inverted stage - and yeah - that is pretty unreal. It's just simply amazing. The lead-up to the beginning is also great to help set up the story for the audience. If you're in your seat 15 minutes before showtime (as you should be - I hate late comers!), you'll have some of the acrobats suspended and zipping around above you. Very fun. The story is great and of course very feel-goody at the end....the music and costumes, along with the set, really sell the story-telling part of KA. I was concerned that my seats/view would totally stink because I got the cheapest section tickets (at an awesome rate - check to see for specials on the website) but I was so impressed with the intimacy of the theatre and how it made me feel like I was right in front of all of the action. Highly recommend KA if you are in town!
5	This was simply amazing!  We were able to catch two Cirque shows while in Vegas and this quite possibly was the best.  There is so much going on in this performance and crazy cool acrobatics.  The performers must have nerves of steel.  The theater itself is amazing and appeared to be similar to a giant playground for the performers.  It looked like they were having a lot of fun on all fronts.The stage.... what a crazy piece of technology.  It moves, sways, flips around, and inverts itself while the performers are doing their thing on it.  The story is excellent and easy to follow.  There was seriously not a dull moment either - no lulls or opportunities to catch your breath.  I was clinching my armrests most of the time while watching the high flying stunts and choreography.  This was the event we chose via part of the vacation package so were fortunate to see this at no added cost.  Our seats were perfect as well.  Very grateful I chose this particular Cirque event because it was absolutely excellent.  I highly recommend putting KA at the top of your Cirque list if going to any shows/performances while in Vegas.
5	Amazing.  Seriously, truly couldn't take my eyes away for a moment.  What an incredible theatrical experience.  You won't be disappointed.
3	This will likely be an unpopular opinion but I thought KA was just OK. It wasnt bad and it wasnt great either. Having seen other Cirque shows in the past, I was surprised at how little "acrobatics" and "tricks" this show had. It was mostly storytelling with beautiful music, an absolutely stunning stage, impressive large scale sets and costumes. But thats not what I want when I see a Cirque show. I expect amazing acrobatics, tricks, people flipping through the air and performing eye-popping routines. I expect to be wowed. I expect to be impressed and leave the theater wondering "how did they do that??"Don't get me wrong, there were some parts of the show that were truly amazing. Some very gifted athletes in this show. It just was not what I've experienced at a typical Cirque show. Lots of light hearted storytelling with a big emphasis on the amazing stage which moves around and lifts in the air and flips around, etc.If this is your first Cirque show I think you'll be impressed. If its not, I think you'll enjoy it just but it wont be your favorite.
3	Oi...this was the most yawn-inducing production by Cirque Du Soleil ever...however the only redeeming factor about this show was that it actual has a story...other cirque du soleil productions are mostly about the awesome and cool acrobats and performances however this one has an actual story - and I feel like because it was an actual story it lacked the cool performances of the other Cirque du Soleil shows.  Now what I really expected was an integration of cool tricks and acrobats into the story. But they kept me waiting for something cool to happen and it never did. The only really thing I liked about this show was the cool vertical wall they were fighting on.... but honestly other then that the rest of the show was pretty boring. I enjoyed Mystere, Iris and several other Cirque du Soleil productions but this one kind of disappointed me and was not really worth the price I paid for the four tickets. Some parts of the show just really dragged and at one point it got annoying with the girl screaming.  Overall if you are watching a production by cirque du soleil for the first time then this would be an okay show to watch since your expectations wouldn't be so high yet. I mean it's not necessary a bad show just wasn't what I expected.
5	Excellent show, worth every penny.
5	Overall, I loved it, it was outstanding!  I was deciding whether to see this one or Mystere, so I took a chance and chose this one.  I definitely was not disappointed!  I've seen some other cirque shows (but not in Vegas)  and this one is so far the best one I've seen!  It's more elaborate than the others I've seen.  Ka actually has a storyline, unlike certain others that just show random acts.  There are everchanging sceneries and the entire performance from start to finish will hold your interest.  There were different types of performances other than the typical acts.  With other cirque shows, I've gotten a little bored of seeing the same old things.I sat in the 7th row and I loved where I sat.  I also don't care for the audience participation that seems to be the norm in cirque shows.  Ka picked one person who was obviously a part of the show and it was a very quick little thing.  There was also no intermission with this one.  It went straight through, which was a nice change from most live performing arts shows.This is the only cirque show I've seen so far that I actually would'nt mind seeing again.  My boyfriend isn't too crazy about cirque shows in general, but he loved this one and thought it was awesome.  Ka is a can't miss!  The other Cirque shows back in my home state of California will have a tough act to follow!
4	Alright, so I love KA. It's my favorite Vegas Cirque Du Soleil show. "But Anne, why not O? It's so amazing and unique and blah blah blah...." well, because I can't figure out what the HECK O is about. It's beautiful, but I can't follow the plot and the constant stream of water makes me want to pee. All joking aside, O is fantastic and amazing, please go watch it!BUT!!! Like I said, KA is my absolute favorite. The music is the best, there is a plot you can semi-follow, and there is more excitement than just acrobatics (Like mock swordplay and fire). Also, the ending to KA...set to the dramatic overtones in the music as the story ends....is completely mind-blowing. I have seen this show three times and it's been worth my money every time. Buying tickets there is cheaper than buying online, HOWEVER, you probably will get better seats when buying online. They often run deals a month or more in advance so check website before you buy.PS - After you see KA, go see O and the other ones!! =)
2	There's no will call.  Even if you buy tickets online, you still have to wait in the same line with people who are trying to purchase tickets.There's no doubt that this is a high dollar production.  The ticket price starts from $69.  Had I paid that amount, I would consider that well deserved.  But I paid close to $160 per ticket, and I didn't think that the show justified that amount.The audience was moving about the theater throughout the entire show.  The show also allows people to roll in late.  I found that very distracting.The show is artistic, but some parts were boring.  The story didn't flow well.  This is my first Cirque Du Soleil.  I would never go to one again.
5	Saw this with my parents, this is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show!  It is the only one with a story.  The entire theater is custom made for this show and the action appears everywhere.  You can't go wrong with Ka, it is still here.  About 1 and 1/2 hours.  No need for more words, go and see it!
4	I enjoyed KA. I was supposed to get tickets years ago (timing didn't work out) and my husband surprised me with them for our anniversary. I wasn't blown away like I expected (probably because the story was iffy...), but it was still really good, pretty much everything you'd expect from Cirque Du Soleil. I loved the people jumping and swinging over the audience, I couldn't take my eyes off them! The ticket folk in full costume and makeup-very fun! It all got to be very interactive at times and I like that sort of thing. Tip- you want seats far in the back so you can take it all in. I was in the back end of the mid-section and those 2 tickets still cost $120+.
1	This was the most boring terrible cirque show ever ...save your money and spend it on something else ...dont know how anyone could stay awake it is so slow and no acrobatics in it ...just awful.....dont know what show some of theses people saw but my family and i SAW THIS SHOW ON JAN 3,2013 and I have to give it one star cause the app make me...mark
4	I'm not gonna give it a 5 star because I have yet to see "O".  I loved this one..it had a great story and great music.  I absolutely loved it.
3	Finally saw the show after wanting to see it for a long time!Well... i will have to say that it was simply "OK". Storyline is kinda slow and not much of acrobatics or tricks. My boyfriend was falling asleep and so was I. We have seen Quidam and it had ALOT more acrobatics and more entertaining. The music was actually pretty good as it goes well with the story telling. The only highlight of the show are the moving stage, which is REALLY impressive. Would i see it again? Probably not.
3	So this was my first Cirque du Soleil. And since I was running the RnR Las Vegas Marathon, they had a pretty sweet deal and had tickets to the KA at 2 for $99. Since I went solo, I think I paid $64, which was still pretty good and with a pretty good seat too.I really didn't know what to expect walking in the theater; but it seemed  that you are expecting all of the theater would be part of the show with the giant towers, and dangling ropes so I was thinking to myself...this is gonna be cool.So I was told that KA has a lot of acrobatic performances and a really great story line. I can totally see the acrobatic performances but I didn't get the story line. Maybe it was just me, but there seemed to be some good guys, then some bad guys taking over, then the good guys take over at the end. There were Asians, blacks and some Eskimos? so I couldn't figure it out...oh well.But the performances by the artists were definitely top notch. With the super high tech stage that kept the audience guessing on what is going to happen made it more special. Lots of gravity defying stunts did make me go "wow" but it wasn't enough to compensate for the unknown story line.I guess this is a good intro to the Cirque du Soleil shows. I can't wait to see the next one. I guess they have a no photography policy, only at the end it is ok.
3	Sat in the very front row to see this show and sorry to say that was a mistake as you lose some of the perspective that close up.  This is standard faire Cirque cool wire and wrap work but nothing memorable.
5	Let me loudly and proudly proclaim first and foremost that I love Cirque du Soleil.  I've seen KA, Mystere, O and more, but KA stole my heart and my imagination like no other.  When I was a wee bit younger, I dreamed of becoming a contortionist so I could join their ranks (and look super cool turning into a pretzel in full body makeup and a fantastic cat suit).Every time I've been to Las Vegas, I've seen a different Cirque show and KA was the latest and greatest yet.  From the start of the show I was mesmerized by the fantastic costumes and makeup (and in love with the main male character - the blue haired one), the romantic story line (communicated without an intelligible word ever being said), the ever changing stage and the general awesomeness and total uniqueness that every Cirque show somehow manages to exude.Captivated from start to finish, when the show ended I was once again ready to limber up, struggle into a spandex leotard and become a performer if they'd have me.  I don't know how Cirque du Soleil does it, but I've never been (nor probably ever will be) disappointed in their shows.  They're worth every penny of the admission price and the ones in Vegas even more so since they get to have theaters built exactly to their specifications.  I'd go back and see it all again in a heartbeat, and I can't wait for that day to come.
5	I've watch O and Iris and KA was the best so far!  Wow, I was immediately captivated once we entered the theatre.  It already set the tone of the show!  The costumes were amazing and this is the first Cirque show that actually has a storyline.  I was in awe of the creativity in costumes as well as the use of the stage!  Inventive!  Everything was breathtaking and the music was so emotional.  I almost cried in one of the scenes because I was so into it!  Some stunts were so nerve wracking because they did not have protective harnesses which made it that more real!  I absolutely loved it!  If you're going to a show in Vegas, this should be at the top of your list!
5	Seeing a few of these Cirque shows can really raise the bar to crazy levels of what you want out of a stage show. Ka is definitely one of these shows. Awesome acrobatics, a moving stage and action all over the theater. Eventually I will see the other Vegas acts like O, Zumanity or Believe but I know you won't leave this show disappointed.
4	Great show! If you're like me and you love Cirque shows but wish they had a more meaningful storyline, you'll love Ka. It has all the crazy acrobatics, amazing stage transformations, and music of the other Cirque shows but with a great story as well.
5	Ka is VERY different from any other Cirque du Soleil show that I have been to.  Why is that? Because this one has a storyline that you can actually follow. it's not abstract like in most Cirque shows, and is not very dream-like.  For Ka, the moment you step into the theater, you immediately get the feeling that this show is different.  The stage itself is very interesting and sets itself apart from the other theater sets (even O).One of my favorite parts about Ka is the fact that their stage is a giant moving platform that appears to float. And Ka uses this stage frequently (my favorite is when they change it to look like a cliff)
5	MF AMAZING! Seriously, best Cirque show! Why trust me? Because I've seen every Cirque show! EXCEPT stupid Criss Angel.This show is hands down the best Cirque show! O is very eloquent and beautiful but KA has me enamored! Upon entering the theater you are in awe! ITS AMAZING! You see pyrotechnics and performers walking around, and once you sit down you sit there saying "WOW"The show is based upon twins who get separated and try to find themselves and you basically watch their amazing journey. You see their journey which includes different sets, KA uses a 70 foot stage that rotates 360 degrees! ITS SERIOUSLY AMAZING. The martial arts and stunts they do are phenomenal and the athleticism is insane! PLUS the performers are absolutely beautiful. I wont bore you with all the technical aspects and story. Just go see it!If youre a local they have 2 for 99$ offer... now if you read closely it says PLUS SALES TAX AND FEES. So the amount for 2 tickets is 128.85$ Thats totally a bargain! If youre a non local ask for the winter discount, saves you hella money! So go check it out! You will not be sorry!
4	Very good show. My wife and I both enjoyed this show. The show is full of amazing stunts, acrobatics, fire and special effects. I wont go much into the plot because I don't want to spoil it for anyone but, it is a bit of a love story mixed with lots of martial arts. This one has a little more action then some of the other Cirque shows so if you are trying to convince your spouse to see a Cirque show this might be a good option. (unless you are both okay with topless then I would go with zumanity). The price is a little high at over a $100 but you can find a better deal if you don't buy from the hotel. I would highly recommend this show..
5	I love this show. It's really amazing.
2	Ehh, this was my first CdS show and boy was I disappointed.... mainly because I went in expecting amazing acrobats but all I got was dancing and prancing around on the stage. The show was visually beautiful as others have described, but it didn't make up for the lack of action. I should've probably went to a different show for that but since the tickets were free with the hotel stay, I didn't have much choice. Our seats were pretty good for free, so I'll give them 2 stars. It seems like all the seats would get a decent view of the stage.
5	Where do I start with the production of KA at the MGM Grand? Well, it is worth the big bucks you'll plunk down for tickets (about $130 for premium). The performances, music, choreography, and innovative rotating stage will have you saying "WOW" or "How did they do that!". This is by far the best Cirque show in Vegas ("O" is very good too) and absolutely the best production I've ever experienced. Make it a point to buy your tickets well in advance and spend a little extra money for good seats. Absolutely the best entertainment production in Vegas, if not the United States.
3	Not my favorite Cirque show, but the transformational stage was amazing. Pay extra for seats up close. You'll be glad you did.
3	Ka did not live up to my expectations. I've always heard of Cirque shows being the "must see" in Vegas however, after experiencing a few I would be more inclined to tell people to skip it. About 20 minutes in to the show after the initial amazement had worn off I was bored and ready to leave. I'm sure this is some people's idea of entertainment, definitely not mine.
2	HOW does this place have four stars??? This is the worst Cirque show I could have possibly imagined. While it was well choreographed, many acts made no sense in relation to the "plot" of the show. If you expect acrobatics galore, prepare to be extremely disappointed. There was basically NOTHING acrobatic about this show. I can't believe I wasted my time and money on this!
3	It was a good show, but slow at times. The plot line was very confusing. Not all the scenes related to it. The workers are dressed in costume to give you that Cirque feel. The acrobats were definitely something to see, but I left disappointed. Glad I didn't pay full price for the tickets.
2	This was a true disappointment!!! I should have saved my money. I needed subtitles to understand what was going on with the story.  Next time I'm going to go to see "O"
5	Every year that my husband and I travel to Vegas (his business trip is my pleasure trip!), we try to make it to one show. I'll admit that none of the Cirque Du Soleil shows interested us at first, because we don't really consider ourselves musical-type people. The time finally came that we were convinced by friends to have a Cirque Du Soleil experience, and they recommended KA for our first time. I was not disappointed! In fact, I was pleasantly surprised when I was drawn into the story and all the different ways they used the mechanical stage. It almost became like a game to watch what all they could do with the stage. The seats have speakers built into them, which we didn't notice at first, but it makes the sounds amazing and definitely contributes to the experience of being drawn in. I think we've bought into the whole Cirque Du Soleil experience and may be seeing another one on our next visit.
5	My favorite Cirque show.  The moving platform that can pivot a full 90 degrees coupled with the story and typical great Cirque theatrics make this my favorite Vegas show.  I haven't seen O yet, but hear that one's pretty good too.
4	After my boyfriend's surprise birthday dinner.. I surprised him with KA.. I don't know why but  I had it stuck in my head that the show started at 9 so we rushed from dinner thinking we were 20 minutes late when in all actuality we were 10 minutes early because it starts at 9:30. HAHA 1 STAR - For the friendly staff. Everyone we spoke with tried to strike up a conversation and kept thanking us for choosing KA to watch.1 STAR - Strong Crown & diet which came in a huge souvenir cup for only $18. 1 STAR- Beautiful theater, stage & costumes/makeup. Even the ushers and employees in the lobby had some crazy cool looking makeup on and stayed in character. The theater is HUGE. I would say the best place to sit is right in the middle of the middle haha not too close to the stage so you can see the whole thing. The stage is amazing. It constantly is moving up and down side to side.. "leaning like a cholo" LOL jk but that thing was crazy. And not to mention all the pyro stuff they have going on and intense tribal music. Also the chairs have speakers in them, big plus! 1 STAR- Good story! It was very easy to follow. For me though it was pretty predictable but yet still enjoyable. I didn't give the show 5 stars because although there were some very impressive scenes it just didn't have enough "OH WTF" moments for me. But we still enjoyed the show very much. If you are someone wanting to see more acrobats and stunts I would recommend watching Le Reve but if you don't mind a beautiful show that isn't jam packed with crazy stunts then you will enjoy KA~!!!
1	Wow... I was so disappointed.  I consider myself a Cirque snob as I have seen about a dozen of their road shows and I will only sit in the first five rows.  Minus one other show, I have always left in awe wondering how the heck those acrobats do what they do.  I was so excited about going to Ka as my boyfriend had never been to any Cirques and I talked it up so much. We sat in the front row but that did not help the show.  I was bored from the beginning but kept telling myself it had to get better!  My boyfriend actually fell asleep it was so dull.  I enjoy Cirque for their unsurpassed acrobatic abilities and this show had none.  Minus the death defying guy on the spinning wheel, nothing left me breathless as so many of their other shows have.  And on that note, we were talking to someone who went to Zarkana and he was talking about the same performance on the spinning wheel and how they made pictures out of sand.  Come on.... they have the same act in two shows and they have the sand images?  I saw that on America's Got Talent.  Cirque is SO above that.  I'm beginning to think Cirque just doesn't have the WOW factor left in them.
4	So decided to watch this show. MGM is running a winter promo where we got second row seats for around $99 a person. Not bad. We entered a bit late to the show but had a fantastic experience.I don't want to say too much to spoil it but the theater setup was pretty amazing. Though I would not really recommend sitting too close because the pro is that you get to see the actors face and all the details. but when they are flying above you, it can totally be a neck cramp. It also ruins the experience when you're able to see all the guide wires. I'd rather pay a little less for middle range seats.The show can be summed up by "a show that defy s gravity"
4	I have been to a few cirque shows and this one is different there is less crazy mind boggling stunts and more story and dance fighting. The set is unbelievable! I prefer the shows with crazy costumes and maybe not such a cohesive story line.
2	I have been to a LOT of Cirque shows both in Atlanta and Vegas, and KA was a huge let down. It dragged, it was boring, and it hardly had any of the amazing acrobatics that I love in Cirque shows. If you go to see KA be prepared for a lot of fake stick fighting and slow story line. The one really amazing thing is the actual stage, but I won't say too much because I'd hate to give the best part away. My husband and I left a bit early to avoid the crowd, but it seemed like many in the audience left well before it was over. For those of you whose first ever Cirque show was KA- Please, please, please don't let that stop you from seeing another show! Cirque is usually incredible and worth the money!
3	It was ok. The theatre and stage are pretty impressive and the music is dreamy. I wasn't a fan of the story line. It felt a bit slow and some stuff just didn't make sense to me.  I also  kept hoping for amazing acts that are typical of cirque du soleil. There were maybe a couple of really cool ones and the rest was a lot of prancing around. Don't get me wrong, the type of prancing took skills (I wouldn't be able to do it) but I was expecting for more instead of just letting the amazement of the stage be the main thing. I wouldn't see this show again, but it was entertaining and a good experience.
2	I'm basing this review on having seats WAY in the back, 3rd to last row in fact.  It was so far from the stage, I might as well have been watching it on a small screen TV in my living room. If you're going to go see this, get seats in the first 10 rows in the front, otherwise, it's a waste of time and money.This was my first Cirque experience, and I was falling asleep towards the middle and end of the performances.  Oh, and the 90s-ish rock n roll music for the 'bad guys' was kind of cheesy in my opinion. Rock n roll is as relevant as jazz music nowadays, sorry to burst your bubbles. Another annoying thing, people coming in LATE to sit down. Have some common courtesy and be ON TIME.Not interested in seeing any more Cirque shows. First one and last one!
4	I saw KA over the weekend so wanted to leave a review:This was my very first experience with any type of CDS show and boy was I impressed.  The set was AMAZING.  The performers were incredibly talented.  I can't tell you how many times I held my breath in either surprise, wonder or fear!!  The part where the 2 guys were doing tricks on top of the rotating circular things towards the end had me at the edge of my seat. There were a few very minor things that were just "ok" for me but please don't let them take away from the main point which is over all this show was beautifully crafted and performed:1 - The fireworks at the end were extremely bright and painful for my eyes.  This was my problem, not the shows i'm sure, but just wanted to make you aware.2 - The story line for small sections kind of dragged on a bit too much.3 - I did have a 3rd point however someone came over and talked to me whilst I was typing and now I can't remember what I was going to say.  I will edit if I remember.  Some people are SO rude LOL.Anyway, again, overall it was an incredible show.  We had pretty good seats right in the center on row "N" so I was able to see all the action very well.  I am now for sure going to check out another CDS show the next time we hit Vegas.
5	Amazing stage, amazing final ( human hamsters defying gravity), and amazing overall, would highly recommend. The stage alone gives you goosebumps. Everyone working in the theater, right from the entrance, makes you feel like you are about to experience something special. I preferred this show over O. Highly recommend! Go cirque du soleil!
5	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!I've seen it 3 times and it still blows me away. My husband saw it for the first time. I had told him prior that it would ruin any other show he would ever see. He admitted after that, yes, he will never be as impressed with a show again unless it was maybe Rob Zombie. Coming from him, this was a high honor, indeed.
4	KA was fairly impressive, lots of acrobatics as expected. The stage is crazy awesome in that it uses a giant claw type machine that holds the bottom of the stage allowing it to rotate in every which way which allows for a ton of cool scenes for example:(semi spoiler alert) battles on a vertical stage that continues to rotate.The stage is really what allows for all of these awesome scenes. And there is more to the stage than just the rotating stage, a lot more, but I won't ruin it for you here. I suffered through a slight food coma during the show due to the insane amount of food I ate right before this show so I missed part of the story, but I got the main idea. The show is a standard 1.5 hrs roughly with amazing choreography and spot on enthusiastic performances, you can tell this is done very very professionally as they never miss a beat. Highly recommended, I would only take away one star for this because I am comparing this to all of the other shows I watched, including the price I paid for this which is a bit on the higher end ($110) when I have seen things that I was equally if not more impressed with such as Absinthe (70$), and I would say Absinthe has been my favorite show.
5	We've seen this twice, once when the show first came out several years ago and again last week. Both shows were excellent and we noticed no drop off from the first time seeing this. The story is compelling and not as abstract as some of the other CDS shows we've seen - which is refreshing. What really takes this over the top for me, making this one of the best shows out there, is the amazing use of the massive mechanical stage and effects. These are mind blowing live effects that really have to be seen. Both of our showings we did sit pretty close (3rd row and 20th row) but think seats around row 20 are preferred to see everything comfortably. Being too close did strain our neck some to see some things overhead. One thing is for sure, there is nothing like this show and my memories of it are worth the dollars spent on the ticket.
5	I saw this show in 2011 and it was spectacular.  This is one of those Cirque Du Soliel shows that doesn't tour for a reason.  The stage is MASSIVE and the way they make it move around and turn from a flat performance area to a steep mountain side is very cool.  True to Cirque Du Soleil's reputation this is a top notch show with a beautiful Asian inspired theme.  Reminds me of movies such as "Croutching Tiger Hidden Dragon" and "House of Flying Daggers".  Definitely a must see Cirque show. I would definitely go see this show again!
4	The stage and art of war will leave you spellbound! Great show! I loved the entire thing! But still not as good as O or Le Reve
2	I love love love cirque du soleil and some shows are better than others. This show was more theater and less cirque. The show drags on a little, the story is hard to follow, there is very little acrobatics. The stage is elaborate but I somehow didn't do it for me. The characters had very little chemistry, the kiss between them made me throw up in my mouth. I am crossing my fingers that O will be as great as I expect it to be. I'm glad I didn't pay the money for the One Drop show that was put on here in vegas. So again, for a vegas show, for a circus show, for $200 a ticket, for $100 limo ride....you get the picture....not worth it.
3	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show.  I was awed by the acrobatic performances.  The music was nice and loud. The story was great.  But, I did fall a sleep 3/4 the way through the show.
3	Gorgeous as usual for Cirque Du Soleil. But unfortunately A-OK. My mom ended up falling asleep during the middle of it lol.IF YOU SIT IN THE AISLE BE PREPARED FOR CREEPY DANCERS TO SNEAK UP ON YOU AND SCARE YOU.OhmyGod! it's like I was a target! WTF KA. Not cool. Once was funny. 6 times not soo much. Like Knotts Scary Farm all over again...,Unfortunately, I think this was the most underwhelming Cirque Du Soleil show I've seen. Definitely beautiful, but I caught my attention drifting away at times. Not really a fan of the beginning or end or anything to do with that weird Rock Star dude. But the middle was great! LOL don't want to spoil it for anyone... Would I see it again? Probably not...But I definitely can't give Cirque Du Soleil anything less than 3 stars. Gotta give props to the performers. No way I could ever bend or move my body like that!
5	This is some amazing stuff. The performers are extremely skilled, and the engineering of the stage is truly marvelous. The costumes are very well designed as well. It was worthy of every penny.
4	Excellent show. Well worth the cost and time. The stage and effects are just incredible. Everyone had a great time.
5	I don't know why I never took the time to watch this show before because it was awesome! The MGM is not my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas but no matter where you are staying, you need to go see this show. Le Reve and O are probably a little more sweepingly romantic and The Beatles one is full of whimsy and very musical. Mystere is geared for kids with lots of comedy so that is the best Cirque show for families. If I could characterize the target audience that KA would appeal to most it would probably be people who like comic book movies or anime. There were a lot of action scenes with the characters fighting mock-battles (no blood or anything like that so its not too violent for kids, though) and just a lot of action in general. The moving platform stage was incredible and I loved the fact that the projections were able to completely change the scenery. The characters went from being on a ship to the jungle to climbing a frozen ice cliff. It was quite a journey. As other reviewers have mentioned, this one has more of a plot than many of the others so you also get a nice warm and fuzzy feeling from the happy ending. Like all of Cirque Du Soleil shows, it is a little difficult to explain why KA is so great. You just have to see it for yourself!
4	I'm only giving this four stars because I'm comparing it to other shows such as O and Le Reve but if I didn't know any better, it would have given five stars! This is a really good show with lots of acrobats and fight sequences.  Get ready to have your mind blown when the stage raises and rotates! There's an Asian influence in this show with dragons and fight scenes.  It's definitely more of a story and the show flows more than the usual Cirque show with a bunch of amazing circus acts, interrupted by French clowns.  I fucking hate clowns.
2	This show was ...o..k...at the most...there's not a lot of acrobatics like the other shows...not a lot of actions....I would recommend another show from Cirque Du Soleil...
5	The best Cirque Du Soleil show I have experienced yet! Exciting actions throughout the show with a very clear storyline. I was very impressed with the mixture of music, acrobatic movements, acting. I would watch again and again! If you like action, fire and Cirque, this is the show for you.
5	AMAZING!  My boyfriend and I went last December and I was as excited as can be!I purchased our tickets through ticketmaster.  The MGM Grand seating is huge and so is the stage that I think even if you purchase the cheapest tickets you will still have a nice view of the show.   I noted that to myself because I purchased the more expensive tickets in fear that I might not be able to enjoy the show due to the seating arrangements.We love cirque du soleil.  Next time we're in Vegas we are going to watch another show.
5	My husband and I went to see KA in October 2012. I couldn't be more happier watching this show. My husband took me here to witness the best show on earth. At the time, he was my boyfriend *:) so maybe we was trying to impress me too *:) so it worked! Amazing! I thought they're just so talented,  performing on a rotating plate. What an amazing show. I saw a Cirque du Soleil show in NY before but KA is better than that. Two thumbs-up, awesome! You guys are the best! Thank You all!
4	I am a KA fan for sure.  It is an interesting show because so many different things are happening that keep you mesmerized.  Cirque du Soleil tried a bunch of new things with this show and I think they have succeed.First off, the theater and stage.  Each seat has a surround sound system built in, so the music surrounds you and envelops you and takes you away to this far off land.  The stage itself is just awe inspiring.  It is continually moving the entire show.  It changes, rotates, disappears, and transforms into so many different surfaces, that you never know what is going to happen.  The stage itself is a character in the show.  There is also a lot of interaction between the performers and the audience, which always makes for a more entertaining show in my book.Secondly, this is the only Cirque show that I have seen that actually has a linear story line.  All of the other Cirque shows I have seen have a main theme with vignettes running throughout the show itself, but not a story.  So if you have seen other Cirques, it is a little different, but fun to go on a ride with the Imperial Twins as their search for each other. Lastly, their is a sense of martial arts throughout this show.  I am not into martial arts at all, but watching this show, you really get a great sense of the art and really appreciate the artform itself.  I am still not watching Bruce Lee movies, but I very much appreciate martial arts now.  Overall, I think KA is a fun adventure that you should try out.    If you do go to see it, buy your tickets ahead of time and directly through the MGM box office whenever you decide you are going to see it.  The theater is huge and if you wait too long, you may be stuck in the back. There are a lot of ticket brokers that will take advantage of you here in town. They will promise one thing, but you get stuck in the back corner in the left over seats and no one wants that, especially for the price you pay for Cirque. I am a local and used to work in the concierge business, so trust me on that one.   KA seems the least appreciated Cirque show in town, but go see it anyway. It was even in a CSI episode, take that "O"!
4	Not gonna lie...I almost fell asleep. Granted, I had been walking nonstop in the sun all day, but I also think it's partly because the show had a little more storytelling than I'm used to for a Cirque show. I liked that the storyline was a lot less convoluted than previous performances I've seen, but that's probably because they spent so much time building it up through various smaller numbers. Unfortunately, that left less time for more acrobatics.The stunts they did have were mind-blowing, largely due to the incredible stage! This thing went up, it went down, it rotated 360 degrees, it went completely vertical--and the performers hopped and slid all over it expertly. And the wheel of death? GET OUT! I used to be so scared of those rickety wooden hamster wheels on the playground and these guys were running, jumping, and climbing in and out of this rotating contraption like it was no big effing deal.I will agree with other Yelpers that they could have made more use out of the intricate set of ramps built around the perimeter of the theater. I also agree that seats that are further behind would still have a great view, since all the action is central and in clear view. I sat in the fifth row, but would have gotten tickets on the upper level first row if they hadn't been sold out (they're also much cheaper).I expect to pay more for food and beverages because it's Vegas, but I don't expect to pay $9 for a water. That is no joke. $9. I believe beer and wine were cheaper, but I'm generally not looking to get sloshed during a Cirque show. I settled with a $5 soda.Overall, not my favorite Cirque performance, but still highly entertaining. Just don't expect non-stop tumbling action--this one has a much slower flow.
5	A great show with a lot of action and effects that help immerse you in the environment.The acrobatics are pretty amazing!  The way they make use of the wall, various angles, and the very tall drops is great.  It's a bit of a mix between an action adventure story and a drama.  The action is also all around you.  I would sit part way back (but still in the front section), which will allow you to see the guys on the rafters, walking in the aisles, etc...To immerse you in the environment, I noticed they also have some speakers in the headrest of the seats.  Additionally, they have acrobats in the walkways, swinging over the audience, and walking through the aisles.Overall... an amazing show!
5	The Michelin Guide, which awards the incredibly coveted Michelin Stars to the very best restaurants defines its highest award of three stars as an experience that is "exceptional... worth a special journey." I cannot think of a better way to describe KA. It is worth a trip to Las Vegas just to see it. Fly in, get a hotel room, and see this show. If you don't gamble, don't drink a single drink, and travel to and form the show blindfolded so you see nothing else, you'll have spent your money well.I could describe the show, but words fail. They don't do it justice. They took a permanent space and used it to create a show that couldn't be anywhere else. So go see it, already. Oh, and don't forget your glasses at home like I did.
4	This was the first Cirque du Soleil show I've seen outside of Houston so I was pretty impressed from the start by the theater and the fireballs coming from the huge hole in the stage. The acrobatics weren't as impressive as other Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen but the stage and special effects were beautiful! They had the same giant wheel scene that I had seen at a different Cirque du Soleil show in Houston but the performer here didn't seem as skilled and I feared for his life. He was jump roping on top of a giant spinning hamster wheel but his jump rope got caught and he lost it and had to get another one which kind of scared me. The stage and special effects stole the show. My favorite scenes were the swimming, sand, shadow puppet and vertical battle scenes. The costumes and set were inventive. There is a story to this show but I didn't really understand it.
5	AMAZING... cant believe that people get to do that for work every day. SO JAW DROPPING! GO GO GO GO... and every cirque show is different from different parts of the theater so seeing it more than once is AWESOME! You get a whole different perspective!
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and as a touring audio guy who lives and breathes live production i was IMPRESSED! If your in Vegas you must see KA. The whole experience was amazing from walking into the theater, to the staff helping you find your seats, and of course the show. Side note, the drinks are HUGE(20+oz), so plan on not walking back to your hotel, just find a place to eat after the show. I can't wait to take my wife to see KA and all the other Cirque shows.
4	This was the first Cirque show I had been to and it was amazing! There was so much entertainment I thought my head was going to explode - even the "pre-show" stuff they did was engaging.There is quite a lot to take in, the auditorium's decoration/design, the beautiful sets and, of course, the acrobatics.KA has been the best thing I've seen in Vegas so far.
1	Worst Cirque I have ever seen. Good music and story but not your typical acrobatic genius seen in the other cirques ( O, Drallion, Nubia, etc). If this was my first cirque, it would have been my last. Eight seen and this is ranked last by far.
4	OMG this show is AWESOME all of the acrobatics! The revolving and moving stage. The actors involvement with the crowd is fun. It's tone of high flying action. One part is a little slow I believe it was the love seen, but all in all it was well worth the money.
2	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 4/100Ka was my 2nd Cirque show I have attended. My boyfriend had won us 2 free VIP tickets playing Chuck-A-Puck at a Wranglers game. I hadn't heard much about Ka when we won the tickets, but we were very excited to go watch any Cirque Show.. especially for free! The performances by the artists were definitely top notch. The super high tech stage really captivated me. There were lots of gravity defying stunts that  were really outstanding.But.. and this is a BIG but.... I for one was lost in their story line.  It was a bit too theatrical. Even though I had many  "wow" moments watching Ka, it wasn't enough to compensate for the lackluster story line. If you have a choice to see the Cirque show Love or Ka... Go see Love.
4	I don't know if I've been overly spoiled by other Cirque du Soleil shows or what.I admit, my experience is biased and probably not what most people would agree with.I liked the plot and thought it was a cute idea, but when I go to see a Cirque Show, I just want to see the acrobatics, not sit through long drawn out "acting" sessions where nothing amazing is happening.  Basically, just take me to the circus and spare me the storyline.Overall, it was good.  I wouldn't go see it again, though.  Stage theatrics were elaborate and impressive, I'll admit. The music was entertaining as well.Good stuff here. :)
5	Of all of the live performance pieces I have seen, which range from The Nutcracker ballet, to Riverdance, Cirque de Soliel's Ka is by far my favorite! I didn't want to blink because I was afraid of missing too much! Now I wanna see the rest of the Cirque shows in order to compare and pick my favorite!
2	Save ur money!!! I was excited to see the show based on the preview video and other reviews. After about 45 mins into the show I was getting drowsy. Looked over and the guy next to me and my bf were both asleep!!! Looked around and a couple of other people were too. The story was fragmented and didn't make sense. For the price of the tickets it was a huge disappointment. Go see le reve instead.
5	We absolutely loved it ! We were seated in the 10th row, right in the middle. Perfect spot. We could see every detail. The plot of the story was nice, it was like watching a play but agremented with amazing and awesome acrobatics. Also, there is a live band in the show, you can see them in some of the scenes. The stage itself was incredible: It is a a geniously gigantic, rotating platform that moves and switches sides so that sometimes you get to see the action like you were above it. All this with amazing projections synchronized perfectly with the movement of the acrobats, like they were walking in water.We would go back for sure.
5	This was the first Cirque show that I saw, so it will always be the one I compare all others to. It's my favorite Cirque show, and I plan to see it many more times.The first noticeable thing is the moving platform stage. The engineering to do this must have been a feat within itself.Unlike other Cirque show, this one is less abstract and more theatrical with a followable story.My two favorite characters is the black guy (I would get his autograph if I could), and the young main villain (if you're into anime, he looks like Orochimaru).On a final note, the live band is awesome. The music and sound score is the best.
3	I am only giving KA 3 stars and I feel bad doing that. I have seen this show many times and always thought of it as one of the top show in town.I felt that the performers in the front were not very friendly like they normally are. The seat usher was extremely rude to us and our out of town guests. So we already had a bad taste in our mouths before the show started. The was just good Nothing spectacular. They have changed so much of it and removed so many good parts. Not sure why, I thought it was amazing when it first opened.The only part that actually stands out in my mind now as amazing is the baton girl and the 2 people doing the hand puppet light show. I am glad I got this on a locals special this time. Otherwise I would have been really upset. I will probably not be returning and that is sad.
5	The best Cirque I've been to!  The stage was spectacular and the performers were amazing. Such on the edge of your seat performances that I was grasping my husband's arm at times in fear that someone would lose a life or a limb.We loved it!
5	Absolute magic. The best show I've seen in Vegas.I don't know how anyone could not like this show unless they are too stupid to understand a fully unsubtle plot.
5	Overall rating is more like 4.5 stars out of 5.The show was an amazing experience. I mean immediately when you walk in you can tell based on the ambiance and atmosphere of the theater that an excellent show is going to be put on.One thing that I do believe needs to be addressed is the age limit of the attendees. Typically my wife and I have to deal with our seat location but this time was different. We booked a week in advance and we decided to shell out the extra mula for better seats (I'll give a little more insight on the seats after my age limit rant).So here it goes.Ok, so seating wasn't an issue for my wife and I for this occasion because we had good seats and could see the stage perfectly. However, this time around there were four seats behind us that held two older gentleman and two younger boys (One probably 4 or 5 and the other maybe 8 or 9 and before you call me evil hear me out). Now I don't have any issues bringing the younger folks to the show but when you have explain to them every five to ten minutes what's going on then I'm pretty sure this isn't a show for them. Also the younger one wouldn't stop talking, kicking our chairs, and smacking on popcorn like he has never had anything to eat. All of those distractions caused us to miss parts or the show (We paid a lot of money for the tickets I would like to get my moneys worth). Thus part of the reason I gave an overall rating of 4.5.Ok now that the rant is over back to the actual performance. The theatrics were awesome and the stunts executed perfectly. You could tell that the people performing practiced hard because their timing with the performances were spot on. However, sometimes the scenes can seem a bit chaotic and over the place but not to the point where you don't understand the story they are portraying.Now as for details on the seating that I mentioned earlier. Be careful not to get the closest seats in the theater because can cause for a very awkward viewing because you are right up on the stage.In the end this show is a must see if you are ever in Vegas.
2	My second time seeing KA was nothing like my first!I first saw this show with my girlfriends back in 2010 and fell in love with it. So much so that I decided to go again with my boyfriend this year. Well, while KA still has the same plot and theater, the show has changed for the worse. Both my partner and I agreed that the show felt overproduced.  Lots of fillers and not enough acrobatics. I was very disappointed by the lack of tricks. How many friggin' times do we have to watch the tumble?! I seriously caught myself dozing off out of boredom on multiple occasions and THAT SHOULD NOT happen when you are watching a world renowned cirque!220$ later, we wished we had watched the "O" instead.
5	This was my first Cirque show and it was just mind blowing! I loved it! I was seated in section 201 and I was glad! We were up high enough that I didn't have to strain my neck to look above or behind me like closer rows would have. We could still feel the heat from the flames and the chill from the snow! It's an amazing experience and worth the ticket price!
2	Eck, I really did not like this Cirque show. I've seen quite a few and this one is still at the bottom of the barrel.My boyfriend and I came to this one after hearing all the rave reviews for it, and we were amazed at how boring it was. I get the whole story line, that's cool, but a lot of their 'stunts' were anticlimactic in the fact that they were done over and over again until you no longer care about the guys walking up the vertical moving stage. Yeah, that was awesome, the way the stage starting moving around, but once the novelty of it wore off, I got bored with the same stunts and moves. And it was LONG and drawn out. Part way through my boyfriend started to nod off. Then the guy in front of us actually fell asleep and started to snore. He slept until the end of it, and these tickets were NOT cheap. These were 70$ each, on summer local special, and the show, in my opinion, is not worth the regular price or the discounted one. I can see how some people think this is the best Cirque show EVA, the cool stage and some story line, but I really did not like it.
5	Saw this show on a recent trip to Vegas with my mom.  Now, I have seen a lot of Cirque shows before (O, Zarkana, Mystere, Zumanity, etc.)  and this is by far one of my favorites!  It has an easy to follow story line, lots going on all around you, and the performers do an awesome job.  My mom and I had 14th row center seats, and really I think I could have sat about anywhere (except up front) and had an amazing view.  The theater was comfortable, and the seats had speakers in the headrests - which was super cool.  Overall, an awesome show!
4	My first Cirque du Soleil experience, and LOVED IT. I was never drawn to the idea of spending large amounts of money just to see people do tricks in the area and dance around, but after seeing this awesome show I'm now hooked on Cirque du Soleil shows!  I want to see more!!!What made this show good was that it had a central storyline.  I've seen only one other Cirque du Soleil show, the Love by the Beatles show at the Mirage, which didn't really seem to have much of a plot to it, more like random music videos.  I don't want to spoil the story so I won't say too much...but there was a narrator in the beginning of the show who said a few words to set up the storyline, and after that there were no words spoken in English the entire show.  It's pretty cool how you can still understand the central plot when no words are spoken!  That just speaks to the complexity and greatness of the show (and I guess that's why tickets are so pricy).The stage is awesome (it moves!) so they played on that factor a lot for their crazy stunts.  Sometimes they would be doing ridiculous tricks and I would look closer and realize that they're not harnessed to ropes!  WHAT?!The theme was also cool, with tribal-like crazy costumes for everyone including the ushers.  Love that everyone stuck to the theme so much!Bottom line: Definitely wowed!
5	Ka is my favorite Cirque show that I've seen. The stage, theather, and costumes were impressive. I enjoyed the story line and beautiful acrobatics. It was captivating and I was in awe. I've also seen O, Iris, Zumanity, Elvis, and LOVE. Ka definitely stands out as my favorite. I highly recommend this show.
5	So I was getting my hair cut today at "The Barbers" in Sherwood, OR., and as usual I was chatting up my super friendly and Ubber-nice Lady Barber and she told me she was going to Vegas next week.  I told her I had been in Vegas for 4 to 5 months a few years ago for a job and got an insiders look at the town!  I asked her if she had ever seen any "Cirque" shows (I went to them ALL) and she said they were booked for one but couldn't remember the name of it.  Only that it was at the MGM Grand...."KAAAAAaaaaaaaaa" I said whistfully.."THATS IT!!" and she squealed as I said it was the best of the bunch.  I explained that the best actor on the stage is the stage itself.  I explained that when "NASA" came to see the show they requested to watch it from underneath so the could see the Hydraulics involved...But that ain't ALL....  The Boat, the giant flying machine, the arrows shot on the stage...  The story is kinda "Corney", but It's ALL brilliant stuff!!  From what I understand, the French Canadian "Cirque Folk" are in the process of design and concept of ANOTHER "KA 2" show with its own theater there at the Grand..  I HOPE so!!  Good GAWD how I would love to be involved on THAT project!!  Don't miss it Pilgrims!!!  Give up gambling for a week if you have to, but GO!!!! I saw it THREE times..  Couldn't recommend an event higher!!
5	I have seen a ton of Vegas shows and this is hands down the best.  I don't need to say much, excellent all the way around. Great theater, lighting, actors, props and staging. GO SEE IT!!!!
1	This show does not deserve the 4 stars it's received. Advertisements and people alike have convinced me to expect breath taking acrobatic stunts with all the "Ooo"s and Ahhh's" but it just doesn't deliver. The story line was non existent with absolutely no character development and most importantly it's BORING! The scenes consisted of 1 or 2 main actors performing in front of other characters while the others just stood around and watched. Why couldn't they sing along or bang a drum instead of feeding us sampled music from the directors iPod? The scenes were way too long and should be reduced by half, if not more. There's just no way I can watch one girl juggle two sticks for 20 minutes without questioning the integrity of the show. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. Go gamble, eat, drink, give money to the poor, anything.
4	This was a fun show to see.  A bit less acrobatic and more whimsical than I expected, but very cool show overall.
5	An absolutely amazing show!   The stage is alive!  The acts and performers are amazing!  This is a must see when you are in Vegas!  I can't wait to see it again!
4	I loved this show ,but enjoyed Love a little better.On the other hand my son and grandson liked this more so than Love..Methinks maybe this is more enjoyably for the younger crowd..
3	The stages were cool but it just didn't do it for me after seeing Michael Jackson One the night before.
2	Ka - Good name for the show, if they added another Ka to it.  My husband and I saw "O" 2 years ago and fell in love with Cirque de Soleil and thought for our next trip, we'd check out a new show. We saw some pretty decent reviews for KA on another website, but wish we would have seen the negative ones posted closer to when we went because they were all right about this show. We wish we wouldn't have wasted our money. It was BORING as could be. We both almost fell asleep. There were parts in the beginning and end that were pretty okay, but the majority of it was sleep worthy. There were practically no acrobatics in this show compared to "O" The music was boring and the comedic parts weren't funny. They were hokey. People swinging around, shadow puppets, baton twirling...nothing special or amazing that makes you say WOW! Please spend your money on a show that showcases what Cirque de Soleil is all about. During "O" our mouths never stayed shut b/c we were in such aw of everything we were watching. It's worth the extra money.
5	The set for this show is worth the price of admission. It makes Broadway look like they aren't even trying.  I was fighting falling asleep from jet lag during the entire show (damn the Enya-style music!), but I still found the stunts amazing. The plot, I could take or leave.  Who cares? I was there for the acrobatics. The moving stage that rotates every which way using a fantastic steampunk-style industrial-looking contraption is jaw-dropping incredible. And they use that stage to amazing effect.
5	Set in the MGM Grand, this has to be one of the best Cirque du Soleil shows that I have ever seen. I was quite worried about the auditorium style seating, but it wasn't an issue. Because I don't want to give away any of the story lines, I just want to say that it's a truly beautiful story about courage, love, loyalty, and selflessness. It's a real tear-jerker at a couple of points, but it also leaves you with a couple of laughs as well. The lighting, effects, and acrobatics in this show is just spectacular. My jaw was dropped the whole time. I heard that this is one of the pricier shows on the strip, but it is definitely worth your money and your time.
5	A lot of action, great story, amazing stunts.  This is one I will go back to again and again.
5	First Cirque Du Soleil and was very impressed! We booked tickets about a month in advance and unfortunately they had an accident. The show was cancelled for a week or so and we were afraid we wouldn't be able to catch it. MGM did call us the day before and notified that all 9:30pm shows were still cancelled, but the 7pm was on! We saw the first show since the incident and the crowd gave a standing ovation before the show started, which we thought was a great gesture. - stage was awesome!- story line was interesting- costumes were greatGreat memories! Thank you KA!
4	This is truly a Vegas-worthy show. The stage production was brilliant. The arts and visual effects were stunning.  The performance was glorious. I caught the show after the re-opening of Ka due to the accidental death of the female artist. I paid $154 for regular seats. It was sold out fast and the Half Off Ticket booths didn't even have it.  I could tell they cut out some scenes because the story didn't flow. I'm sure it had to do with the sensativity of the artists and stunts after that incident. The artists still deserved a standing ovation.  It was worth the money and experience.
4	First Cirque De Soleil show I have ever been too, so I can't give it five stars.  But, it was visually mesmerizing.  I sat in awe at the sets and the wire performances through the entire 90 minute show.  The costumes, the choreography, and props were very impressive.  I enjoyed how the music let you in on what was happening during the story as well.The set, which rotates, spins, flips, and turns every imaginable direction, was almost unbelievable.  The only down side was that there could possibly have been a little bit more narration during the show.  Some aspects of the story got a little lost in the mime translation and how characters ended up in certain places.
1	Frustration...This will be a hard review to write, because it comes on the heels of a tragedy.  Most of us have heard by now of the tragic fall by the performer in the recent performance of KA, this, should not be ignored or taken lightly.  It is a sad thing and my prayers go out to the family of the performer including her performance family.  With that being said, something else needs to be said.  I had long put off seeing KA on my Vegas trips in deference to other Cirque shows...Love, O, Zarkana, Mystere, etc.  KA was always that show I denied because I wanted to leave myself KA, sort of like leaving that last bite on the plate of your favorite ingredients.  You're saving it for last because you know it will be the best.  But the accident apparently changed everything.  In lieu of what happened, Cirque changed the entire finale of their show from a high flying sword fight to a convoluted marriage ceremony featuring some truly horrible facial acting.  I wouldn't care about any of this had this been announced or stated in any way whatsoever when I was purchasing my expensive tickets.  You see, I purposefully asked no only my concierge but also numerous representatives that I spoke with about whether the show had changed or not and they assured me that no, the running time was still the same. What they failed to mention was that indeed, the entire finale had changed, and that, a story line that is building you up to something remarkable is no more.  If you needed to change your story because the show is too dangerous, I get it, fine, I have no qualms with changing the ways things are done because of the risk to the performers.  But when your entire reputation is built upon talk of a finale's to top all finale's, and when you promptly delete this from your program without telling the people who are buying the tickets, you are pulling off an elaborate trick.  Indeed, the show is devoid of stunts with the finale gone...the best one that Cirque pulls off with the current version of the show is the high flying BAIT AND SWITCH which is exactly what happened on our recent visit.  People all around us in front and back sort of just looked at each other when the show ended as if to say..."Was that it?"  Yep.  That's it.  Honesty will save your business...not extended amounts of Buffoonery by your ice fishermen.    Stay away from this show until they can figure out how to salvage what once was...or, LOWER YOUR PRICES TO PROPERLY REPRESENT the new show you are staging.
2	I went to see O 5 years ago and almost fell asleep. Yes it was cool but the storyline was too boring.  We decided to give Ka a chance tonight. The stage was amazing, it floated, rotated, you name it... The performers were also great. Why the 2 stars? It was boring. The storyline was slow and too much of people flying around on ropes. The music was in language I didn't understand and it was all just too dramatic for my personal choice. I'm officially giving up on cirque.
4	This was pretty uncomfortable to watch the second day that they came back onstage from the accident that killed a performer and closed the show for two weeks. I had seen the show before but it was completely different knowing that somebody's mother died while performing in this show. That being said, this show is beautiful and the story arc is one of the best in the Vegas silent shows that we're so famous for. It's about a brother and a sister so of course my familial heartstrings are going to be tugged. Short too--about 90 minutes or less--so you can get back out on the casino floor and into the restaurants. It's a pretty immersive space--speakers in the headrests, ushers dressed in costume, an enormous stage and mechanical set pieces. I would recommend this show over some others in town, but I'm not sure it's my favorite.
3	I would like to quote someone below, "for the price I paid ($0), it was fantastic."  LOL  We got this through Expedia as a promotion.  Now, I would NEVER call ANY Cirque show bad.  Too much work and talent is required to put on a Cirque show for me to say that.  I thought this show was beautiful - the set, the effects, the understated talents like the hand puppet part and such.  I guess I just wanted a little more in the way of drama and all.  If you don't have A.D.D. and can go in with an open mind and can appreciate the talents you are witnessing, you will love this show.  If you're otherwise, you might want to think twice.  I enjoyed it, but not as much as other Cirque shows I've seen in Vegas.
5	The inside of the theater is magnificent! This was an absolutely AMAZING show. The only thing I regret is not purchasing seats in the front row. I commend these people for their hard work and the effort they put into creating such greatness. I do find it appalling that people attend the theater in t-shirts and shorts. Really?! Come on people have some respect. These people almost kill themselves for our amusement, the least we can do is put on a nice shirt (men), a dress or something tasteful (ladies). Seriously. And for the record someone has died creating this show. May God rest her soul.
4	Get the tickets at Tix4Tonight and sit back and enjoy.Super cool rotating, elevating, morphing stage!Awesome stunts and acrobatics.Great music.Touching storyline.One of the best Cirque shows!
3	First I should state that I just saw this show last night (8/10/13) so this review is pretty fresh. Me and a friend decided that we wanted to see a show while she was visiting (Yes, I'm a local and love that locals discount!)....Anyway this is the third Cirque show  I've seen and all I can say is its ok. The theater is beautifully designed however bring a  sweater because it gets freezing in there! Thankfully they tell you what the story is about in the beginning otherwise its kinda unknown. The stunts, music and performers are great but the whole production seemed to be missing something. Even with the amazing stage I still felt like something was missing. If I would've paid full price for these tickets I would be upset....Go see Zumanity! It's still my favorite, Loved it!
2	This is purely on the revised ending of "KA" (post accident).  I would have easily given them a 5 star rating when I saw the original production, but since the accident, they had to change the last fight scene, which is totally understandable. I personally think they should have halted the production for the time being, so the cast and artistic directors can create a better alternative ending, especially if they're charging the original price.  Luckily I ordered my tickets online (Cirque Du Soleil summer special), and got them for a much cheaper price compared to what you had to pay at the ticket office.  ($70 vs $130).The part that substituted the last fight scene seemed like a last minute, quick fix. It was an out-of-place transition (for those who have seen the original show).  Usually Cirque Du Soleil have wonderful transitions and a cohesive storyline (from start to finish), but the revised "KA" was definitely missing the mark.Personally, if you've never seen "KA" you'll be impressed by the rotating stage, the artistic direction, and skills of the performers. But if you've seen the original show, don't be surprised if the last act seemed anti-climatic.
2	Lots of Wiz-Bang special effects.  If you want to see talented special effects efforts this is your show. If you are more interested in the human factor, go see Mystere. Even ')" is better and so are the traveling Cirque du Soleil shows.  My granddaughter and I thought KA was rather boring.
5	By far my favorite show in Vegas so far. I really enjoyed my experience at the show. Well worth the money spent. I strongly encourage you go see this show! I've seen KA and Love, which are the two most popular cirque shows in Vegas and I can honestly say I enjoyed KA much more than Love. The acrobatics are phenomenal. A definite must see while you're in Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
4	When I first walked into Ka theater I was floored by the sheer size of the inside.  I saw so many programs that talked about how the stage worked and I wanted to see it for myself.  The seats were comfortable and had speakers in the to heighten your senses.  The show seems to happen from all around you.  Performers fly overhead they run into the seating area they are just everywhere it seems.  Visually stunning stage and a sight to be seen.  The story line can be a bit confusing but the acrobatics and performances are wonderful!
5	I have seen several Cirque shows, and was excited to Ka.  I had high expectations, and Ka exceeded them! The wall used during the show was the most amazing thing I've seen in a Cirque show - very cool! As always, the performances music are fantastic- loved it!!!!
4	Excuse me while I pick up my jaw from the floor !! This certainly was an assault on all senses - a visually arousing play. No expense was spared designing and building this set. The only Cirque de Soleil performance with a plot and dialogue, I was hooked from the moment I walked in. Before the show starts, you are warned to be wary of the tribal people - yes, the performers are roaming the aisles and will come out to spook you, follow you, grab you - there's plenty of this to begin with - then the show starts. This is where, ladies and gentlemen, you will experience first hand the wonder of these acrobats!!! The stage moves from horizontal to vertical, all the while, the performers running about (without safety harnesses mind you). There's some pretty fancy digital work going on onstage too (sinking in the ocean comes to mind) and one hell of a death defying doubles act toward the end - you will know when you see this. It was such a bittersweet feeling watching this performance knowing the tragic death of a performer happened only a little while back. If you are in Vegas, this is a must see show!!!
5	first cirque show living in vegas after 2 years, and the performance was amazing! the things a human body can do is incredible, the stage was pretty intresting/awesome in itself... i wont give out any spoilers but worth seeing if youre in town!
5	Took the family to our first Cirque show. Didn't see it before the accident   We were all amazed.  I felt like we got more than our money's worth out of the show. The kids still are talking about it. Would pay to see it again.
4	Saw KA about six years ago and loved it. Came back to see it again and everything was very good except for the new ending. Very anti-climactic and didn't make a lot of sense. Understand why they changed the ending, but all seemed a little forced.
4	Great show. Kind of strange story and many kids however were talking in the audience
4	Incredible athletics and choreography. Beautiful, moving music. Impressive set. Also liked the fact that the ushers joked with the audience before the show began. A few drawbacks prevent this show from getting 5 stars:1. Somewhat short. The show is about half the length of an opera for about 1.5 times the price. We were expecting a little more for $125 a ticket. I understand that the athletics and sets are out of this world, but still.2. The revised ending is anti-climactic. I understand that they can't perform the original ending while the investigation is ongoing, but the substitute ending is boring. Perhaps a different climax other than the main characters applying make up in a dressing room?3. Annoying audience members. There is a good reason why operas typically don't allow late arrivals, and if audience members have to use the bathroom, they will only be let back in during the intermission. People were streaming in after the show began and using the bathroom throughout the show (a frequent occurrence since giant steins of beer are sold right outside the theater). You can't get into a performance when someone's obese butt is blocking your view (or worse, when they've fallen on top of you as a result of bumbling and tripping in the dark).I understand Ka is performed in Las Vegas, and it's unreasonable to expect a young, drunk audience to behave themselves compared to seasoned opera goers. But is it really too much to request that people not interrupt the show by entering and exiting multiple times during a 1.5 hour performance?Overall, the show is a one-of-a-kind experience, and was fun enough that I would gladly pay $125 to see it again. If only I can figure out a way to avoid the toenail pickers (my neighbor took off his flip flops, crossed his legs, and picked at his toenails throughout the performance) and beer drinkers with bladder problems from interfering with the experience...
4	Thoroughly enjoyed this show.  Even pre-show there was entertainment - the lobby had amazing musicians playing on the balconies (in full costume and with super long strings that I thought were just decoration. Hard to describe, so if you see the show, hang out in the lobby to hear and enjoy that delightful touch of whimsy.)  The ushers were friggin HILARIOUS.  They were were heckling in the funniest way, cracking impertinent jokes about folks who broke the rules of "no photography in the house."  The actual show was full of amazing acrobatic feats.  One right after another.  Daring, imaginative, dangerous.  Yes, the whole time I was still thinking of the performer who perished.  And the ending left a little to be desired, I believe it was changed to be safer for the performers in light of the tragedy.  (May she rest in peace.)  Still, I highly recommend seeing this thrilling show.  Sure, the storyline was a little light (it's simple to follow the siblings in their adventures while separated) and the ending didn't seem to give me the closure I was looking for, but then again, it isn't really a play - it's a visual performance of grandeur and danger.  I enjoyed it immensely and may come again in a couple years to see how it has evolved.
5	Great performance,  but intense,  ,  Had a movable stage that went straight up vertical.  The performers did incredible acrobat took some risks as it looks.   It was at the MGM Grand hotel on the strip.  We took the Monorail to get there since it was a long walk and  we didnt have a rental car that day.  Ka has a  meaning of  Fire in Japanese Philosophy and buddhism,.  I think thats where they got the theme from. as I lived in Japan as a kid.   Some of the performers looked somewhat like Ninja warriors of the old Samurai days , and others like Ghengis Khan of the old Mongolian empire.
2	We saw Ka over the Labor Day weekend and it was a complete waste of time. We have seen other Cirque Du Soleil shows and had high expectations, however, Ka was a huge disappointment. The show itself has such a poor plot about two siblings that are torn apart by a war... from there I have no idea what happened. We lost interest almost immediately and the music was putting us to sleep. If the tickets aren't free with your hotel room, don't waste your money. See the Beatles Love show instead.
4	A ridiculous whirlwind of daring acrobatic feats couples with the spectacular trademark choreography and grace of Cirque de Soleil. We loved this show!! The vertical stage makes for a unique experience where the performers are battling acts of gravitational defiance and the audience is literally on the edge of their seats. I would say you shouldn't sit too close to the stage. We were front row in the second section and had a great view of everything. The ninjas who float around the audience are fun to watch, but beware, they might sneak up and scare you! The theater itself is a loving, breathing embodiment of the deconstructed and dark setting that the story revolves around; you really feel as though you are a part of the show. Ka, like every other Cirque show I've seen, does not disappoint. It's a martial arts driven representation of the unbelievable skill and imagination that these shows always bring to the table. See it!
3	This is the only cirque show I have watched, but after getting reviews from acquaintances for other shows, I feel that this could either be your show or not; it really depends on what you are looking for in a show.Also, I would like to note that this was my second time watching this show, and my first time happened to be one week before the cast member died and they had to change the show. Before I would had given this show a 3.5, maybe a 4. They did take out the best scene in the show. First of all, staff was friendly and entertaining. With that said, I did not enjoyed the fact that they were sitting people down that were late right in the middle of the show. This is when I heard the most insincere "so sorry" I've probably hear. The show does offers some interesting acts, but I feel that it develops slowly and I would say some are even boring. Surprisingly, I was more entertained the second time I watched this  but I still had a hard time staying awake for a couple of minutes. Bottom line: I wouldn't pay again to watch this show.
5	Wow.. this was quite a show. Granted I've only seen Mystere and Zumanity. This was quite the spectacle. We were sitting 7 rows from the stay (I debated all kinds of areas before making this decision). I am glad that  didn't sit in the front row because there are aerial displays that would have been too hard to see as the performance does reach out to the stage. You could still sit in the first few rows of the 200s sections and still have a really good view. The rotating stage they had was off the charts. The whole arena was just immaculate. The whole show was exciting except for the ending. I heard the ending was changed due to the incident they had recently. I was able to great deals on these tickets just from looking at their website. Definitely would recommend this show.
4	Very entertaining show! I thought the beginning was a bit slow (more martial arts type stunts), but it definitely picked up as the show went on. The theater was great and I don't think you could have a bad seat. And the stage itself is awesome! It goes from a regular stage to a vertical wall and twists around every way in between. Right when the show starts there's a short synopsis of what the show is about, and this is the only point where there is talking. Otherwise the story is just acted out. So if you want a little more depth to the story, I would do a little background reading beforehand.
3	We attended this show after they revamped the ending due to the accident and death of one of the performers.  We found the overall show to be wonderful and exciting in parts.  However, we feel they rushed to get the show back into production and therefore the ending did not fit in well with the rest of the show, it just made it all a little confusing.  I think if they can rework the ending it will be a great show.
4	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show so I didn't really had any expectations coming in. I was just ready to experience! Right away, when entering the show, you are given a sneak preview of what it might be like. The people scanning your tickets are all dressed up in costumes. As you enter into the auditorium you are immediately in awe of the amazing structures/stage set up thing going on. I felt like I was entering like a Final Fantasy video games! It was beautiful and got me really excited for the show. As you are sitting in your seats waiting for the show to begin, the actor's/actress/people part of the show walk out on the outer stage thing doing some acrobatic tricks, spinning upside down and running around trying to scare people. It's pretty fun and really draws/connects the audience I think. Just a couple minutes before the show begins they do a staged reminder that cellphones and photography is not allowed during the show. The show starts off and it is absolutely amazing. The moving stage, the athleticism of everyone in the production, and the music blows you away. The production and performance of the show was just out of this world. However the story slowly kinda got lost towards the middle part and I was really confused on the ending. I had no idea how everything was resolved. I know this was the revised ending since the tragic accident but I wish they had made a better ending of it. My friends and I was so confused that we had to wiki it!! My boyfriend loved the show though cause he didn't really care for the story. If you enjoy an amazing performance than you would probably enjoy this. But if you kinda care about the story well, probably should not get your hopes up. Just enjoy it for the performances. I would come back and watch it again IF they fixed the ending. I just watched the youtube ending of the climatic battle that they removed and wish they kept it or modified the new ending better.
4	I was told by someone who saw 14 of the cirque du Soleil shows that KA is the best for her, she strong recommended me to buy my ticket for KA. I went to see KA on May 2013 at MGM Hotel. The show is amazing, a classic. The production is so sophisticated , the make up , the choreography, the costumes ,  all together are a blast. The storyline is very straightforward , love and conflict , KA is the fire that has the dual power to destroy or illuminate . Hard to understand the complexity of KA if you don't read the plot or see it twice. Buy binoculars to zoom out the stage in case your seat is in the very back.. Book the ticket in advance.
2	Misleading reviews.  Disappointing.  Confusing. This show completely failed to meet my expectations. There were so many points I thought it was going to go somewhere and then fell flat. I felt I was watching a really great gymnastics show. The overly drawn out act segments had me bored, especially repetitive scenes... and the story had be constantly confused.I'm giving it 1 extra star than I want to ONLY because the stage and visual lighting affects were pretty amazing. Aside from that, I left wanting more and wishing I had chosen a different Cirque show.
1	Fell asleep. Need I say more?
2	I thought the stage and special effects were very impressive but besides that I wasn't impressed. It was a little boring, I was actually wanting it to end and my boyfriend actually fell asleep. If we didn't get a really great deal on the tickets I would be very unhappy. I think there are some many better shows out there.
2	If you want to catch a couple ZZZZ's, this is the show for you.  I've seen nearly every Cirque show in Las Vegas, and this one was by far my least favorite.  The fighting scenes were fun, but the excitement was short lived.  I felt like it was story time, which I was mentally unprepared for at the time.
4	Elaborate set and costumes.  Visually stunning and the story line was very easy to follow which you cannot say for every Cirque show.  The seats have speakers in the headrest which is a little creepy at first but actually very cool.  Due to the accident, there was a revised ending but we had never seen KA before ao it didn't affect our opinion.  Overall, great productions and I have seen most of the Cirque shows on the strip.
5	This show was amazing, visually and entertaining. First of all the seating is awesome, there is no seat that's bad here. I can't even explain how crazy the walls move and how everything switches around.  The storyline was pretty easy to follow. This isn't your ordinary trapeze artists and circus performers. This is a show that entertains your eyes, mind, and shall I say it your soul. GO WATCH THIS SHOW!
5	This is my 3rd Cirque du Soleil show & I have to say KA is the best I've seen out of the 3. I actually liked this a lot better than Zarkana (the newest cirque show at Aria)Currently, Cirque du Soleil is having a discount on tickets for their 20th anniversary celebration. I was a bit skeptical about choosing this over Mystere 'cause of the reviews on here, but I'm glad we chose KA! Originally we were going to get seats close up, but again I did my research and a lot of ppl said to get seats further back. We got seats in section 202 Row GG seats 15-18 (smack dab in the middle!) We had a great view of the entire stage. It's true, it's better to sit further back (Row AA is the best) 'cause the stage continuously moves/flips and is really big.I enjoyed KA 'cause it actually had a story line and it follows through in the show. I liked the theme/decoration of the theater as well in comparison to Zarkana. I'm not sure what other reviewers were saying, but there was plenty of acrobats in KA. We saw the 9:30 show and it kept me awake and entertained whereas Zarkana I fell asleep halfway through lol. The props and everything were really beautiful, highly recommend this production to be seen as your first Cirque du Soleil show. It's affordable for Vegas!There are lots of funny/cute moments in the show as well. I enjoyed the music a lot too
5	I've seen Varekai, O, and Ka but KA is my favorite! (Varekai is a close 2nd though!)General-Performed at Ka Theatre in MGM Grand-Interacive extras before the show by the entrance. They're all dressed up so it's a great photo opp with them and to remember the night!+KA is super action-packed and has lots of Asian martial arts features compared to the other shows. It was my boyfriend's first cirque du soleil so I knew I had to show him KA to ease him into shows and he loved it. :)+The story line has sad parts, romance, and happy ending! I thoroughly enjoyed it!+During the show, performers run down the aisle where the audiences are seated or they fly above the audiences to make it more interactive. Makes you feel like you're part of the show! So awesome.+The KA theatre itself is total WOW-factor. The stage can rotate 90 degrees! So the huge flat stage that the performers were standing on revolves 90 degrees and becomes one giant floating wall (Well, in actuality it's held by several strong giant shaft or pole). This scene is actually my favorite part from the whole performance!-When you watch Ka, I actually suggest to get seats in the back. The martial arts stuff looked so badass and cool from far away but this time around, i bought a seat close to the front and I actually saw in detail how soft the actual props were or how soft the performers were hitting each other and stuff. Less dramatic for sure so it was kinda disappointing to sit near the front. :(All in all, I totally recommend everyone to watch Ka if you're Cirque Du Soleil fan. Just make sure to purchase a ticket with seatings in the back and bring binoculars if anything. :D
5	The show started off kind of slow. I was a little worried that the rest of the show would be the same way but it picked up very quickly and became one of the best cirque shows I've been to! (I've seen O and Totem) I think our seats were around the 7th or 8th row and the view was awesome. The fight scenes were timed so perfectly and I was in awe for most of those scenes. One reason I probably didn't like O as much was because our seats were very far back so the stage/acrobatics didn't look as impressive. I would highly recommend this show to everyone and I would definitely go again if I get the chance!
1	I am a huge fan of Cirque de Soleil (i loved La Nouba, O, LOVE) and I was very excited to surprise my girlfriend and take her to see KA on her birthday.  I read the Yelp reviews and they were great, with most people saying this was their favorite show.  I could not have been more dissapointed.  We even had great seats (in the middle, not too close not too far) and the show was slow, boring and confusing.  There were some decent fight scenes and some talented performers but overall it was incredibly boring.  I can't beleive this was made by cirque de solieil and someone actually put it together and said yes this is what I want.  There was a period of about 45 minutes in the middle where we almost fell asleep and wanted to walk out.  The only reason we didn't is beacause I heard so many great things so I kept waiting for it to get better.  It was a joke.  We were in disbelief when it ended.  I felt like I was robbed of my money.  I had a locals discount of $130 for 2 tickets and I still felt robbed.  I wouldn't have even enjoyed it if I paid $20 per ticket.  It was that bad.  Seriously, I have always loved Cirque de soleil shows but this one was so boring.  There were hardly any acrobatics or anything that you couldn't see in a B rated kung fu movie.  The story was also confusing and made no sense.  Don't waste your time or money. Go see the Beatles LOVE show, O or even Absinthe.  They are all much better.
5	We saw KA on 10/30 and it was a beautiful display of artistry and acrobatics! The story line is very great with some laughs and quite a few gasps! The ending is hard to understand as it just takes a quick turn of good beats evil which left my party confused. Still a great show and would recommend it. You really can't beat the price as any seat in the house even those in the back offer a great view!
5	WOW! WOW! WOW! This show was just amazing! I was a little hesitant since I know they had to modify parts, due to the tragedy that happened a few months ago. I am so glad we went! I have seen two touring cirque shows (Quidam and Corteo) and we also saw Zumanity while in Vegas. This one went above and beyond. It took my breath away. The whole experience was great from start to finish.
5	YOU DEFINITELY GET YOUR $$ WORTH I was researching my first Cirque Du Soleil show and wanted to get every pennies worth.  I was recommended by my fellow co-workers and they definitely told me to check out Ka, Zumanity, and Le Reve.  Decided to check out Ka as my first show out of the three.Employee Discount. Check.! Tip for thought: Best seats are in the Front! Tickets in hand and the feeling of excitement just go through your head before entering the doors.  First thing you see is the Dragon statue and their photographers greeting you to take your picture.  Alas, I see the bar and decided to pick up some drinks to get turnt up and ready to enjoy! They have a good sized Ka Theatre cup that are great souvenirs.  Once you get in the actual theatre it just amazes you how spacious it is making your eyes wander all over the place The Show:Great introduction and storyline that keeps wanting to know what happens every secondThe Choreography is simply Extraordinary and its all the reviews say it is with combinations of dances, acrobatics, martial-arts with breathe taking stunts all on a stage that does it all which puts you on the edge of your seat.  You will notice the hours and hours of hard work each character puts in to the show.  All in All, this is one of the best shows I've seen and can't wait to watch other Cirque Du Soleil shows.  So what are you waiting for? Surprise your significant other and go see this show.!
5	Seriously, this is the best Cirque du Soleil show ever!!! Granted, I haven't seen "O" yet, but KA is certainly the most exiting show I've seen in the long-running acrobatics series. KA combines awesome choreographed martial arts with an exciting storyline, and is set in a fantasy world where good combats evil. The moving/tilting platform is a wonder on the stage as combatants fight across, over, and under the ever-moving platform. The music is also wonderful, and only the term, "epic" can describe the experience of this stage masterpiece. Reward yourself and watch this wonderful show!
3	Review for the show after the 7/2013 accident. This show is incredible with the vertical stage and the amazing wire act. The characters are also very likeable with a "video game" like storyline. A basic good vs. evil theme. Be advised they changed the climatic ending due to the accident to CGI (you end up watching a video for 3 mins at the end) instead of the original VERY AWESOME high flying act. *Hint: If you really want to see the original climatic Ka ending then it is available on YouTube. Go watch it ONLY after seeing the show though. Now, is it worth the very $$$ expensive ticket price without the final high flying act? Not really because you will feel short changed. Save your $$$ for a lovely dinner or for a show like La Reve or O. But if you can score tickets at $$ prices then the show is still worth it. I hate to say this because I enjoyed the show regardless but it is what it is.I sincerely wish they will bring back the incredible climatic ending in the future.
4	Always been a fan of Cirque du Soleil, and I thoroughly enjoyed watching the KA show! Very talented people and very entertaining!
5	This is my first time seeing Ka by Cirque, and it was a fantastic experience.  I was able to get seats in one of the front sections, about 10 rows back on a Saturday evening.  I'm actually a bit surprised, but the theatre appeared to be about half empty.Anyway, the show was awesome.  I really enjoy Cirque shows.  In the past, I have seen Mystere and Totem (not in Vegas).  Every Cirque show is different, and it is unfair to compare them, because they are so different and unique.  Ka has an amazing theatre at the MGM Grand, and the show has some dark parts and some happy moments.  The acrobatics, effects, and acts will amaze you.  I really don't think there is much else to share, because you should experience it for yourself.  Cirque is one of those shows, that I feel bad about spending $150 or more per ticket when I purchase it; however, after the show, I totally forget about the money and realize it was 100% worth it.
3	This was the 2nd Cirque show the hubs and I have seen with the first one being Mystere. Hubs and I were really excited to see this show. We got there extra early and were at the front of the line. The ushers are hilarious and full of character. It made waiting in line more bearable. We sat in our seats for some time while the rest of the guests were coming in. The stage looked impressive and there are speakers in every seat. Cool! I was a little disappointed that there was no clown for this show. The good:+ It's fire themed and there's a clear storyline+ Good performances+ Impressive rotating stageThe bad:- Not enough acrobatic performances- 1 whole scene was CG'dA few months ago one of the performers fell and died. I'm assuming that the scene where they CG'd the performance was the one where the lady died. Ok, I can understand all the complicated things associated with that scene, but if you're going to CG it you should probably cut the scene out altogether or shorten it. It was so boring watching a CG projection for 5 minutes. I don't mean to be disrespectful to the lady who died. I know these performers are doing risky stunts etc. The audience does pay a lot of money for a spectacular show. If the scene is deemed unsafe etc they shouldn't wastes the audience's time. You can still have a good show without that scene. Some people really enjoy this show. For the hubs and I, we thought it was so so. We would recommend Mystere over this one. Next on our list, O!
5	This is my favorite show along with O.  I've seen about 6 shows in Vegas and this one takes the cake.  The stage is definitely the show.  I didn't quite understand the 'story', but I just came to watch the spectacle.
3	I was SUPER excited to see the show because I've only heard incredible things. The show was great, but I feel like it ended abruptly. I believe they took out the last scene where they had the death earlier this year, which I completely understand, but the new ending did not transition well. I was able to get a really good price on the tickets with their anniversary sale, but I think I would have been really disappointed if I bought the tickets at full price.
5	It really gets 4.5 stars. First, this show is incredible. Great story, great fight scenes, awesome stage set up and changes, great acrobatic production. I brought the cheap seats in middle and was totally OK with that because I got to see the performers in the audience and I had a great view of the whole stage. The cutest scene was the shadow puppet bit. I did read the other reviews before the show about the 'accident' and was still thrown off with the CGI performance. I really think they should come up with a less dangerous live alternative instead of the CGI. Like other reviews stated it, cheapen the show. With that said, in the end, I wanted to bring everyone I knew to this show. The scene transitions are incredible.
4	This was a good show but I had I not known before hand, I would have never guessed it was a Cirque de Soleil show. The theater was very cool and I loved the headrest speakers.  The music was nice and there were some really cool performers.Overall the show is very good! But after seeing 4 shows, I guess I was expecting a bit more. I was expecting it to be a tad more dramatic from costumes to backgrounds. But again, glad I went and enjoyed the show.
2	Very little in terms of actual performance and acrobatics. If you've watched a few Broadway shows, you'll be left wanting more. The comedic breaks are unnecessary, and there's an entire sequence that is computer generated without any actors..
4	The most unique feature of this Cirque show was its stage.  Wow!  The platform moved from a vertical to a horizontal position to below the stage and not to mention all the little effects you just weren't expecting (I can't tell you).  You won't be disappointed!My favorite acts were the rocking ship.  I wish I was in the front row!  The hand-puppet scene was endearing.  I liked the digital effects of arrows being shot onto stage as the actors shot arrows from the crowd.  I thought the performers falling like Plinkos was a bit drawn out but clever and talented nonethless.  I've never seen anything like it before.  I thought the music a bit loud (thinking I'll bring ear plugs next time) but my husband thought it was perfect.  The seats are HUGE with headrests, moveable on wheels, and have sound effects in each of them right behind your head.We went to the Cirque shop afterwards to buy a 5x7 poster of a performer in a most flexible form for inspiration and there were no posters to buy.  We don't want something to overwhelming like a book or too small like a magnet, so we didn't buy anything.
5	Wah!  My favorite Cirque Du Soleil show!  I saw this show again this past weekend with my boyfriend who has never seen the show.  I do not recommend seeing this show until they restore the final battle scene.Because of the recent accident, the final battle scene was replaced with a video.  The video is blurry and you don't really get what's going on.  I had to explain what was going to my boyfriend.  I love this show, but its really not worth seeing until they can restore the final battle scene.  Seating:  Get a seat in the center.  I prefer seating in the back for this show.  This way, you can really see everything going on.Tickets:  Buy the tickets on the cirque du soleil website.  They usually have a deal going on.  I've seen many cirque  du solleil show and I always buy  the tickets on their website.  I have always been able to find a coupon code that makes the tickets way cheaper.  Show: This is my favorite cirque du soleil show bc it has a storyline.  The other CDS shows are a combination of acts.  This show is about the separation of twins, how they grow up and find each other again.  The storyline is a little cheesy...but the visual effects of this show is beautiful.Thinking about seeing this show?  Do it!  It's really good!
3	If you go to a Cirque show, it really shouldn't matter which one because they are all good.  Most of the other Cirque show doesn't really have a story.  This one does.  But the grandeur of the special effects, not the story, steals the headlines.  It's big and therefore awesome.  Having said that, the individual talent from the Mystere show clearly unshines the individual talents of this show.  You won't be disappointed; it just because of the story, it can get boring at times in between the grand exhibits.
3	How people are rating this show at 4 and 5 stars is totally beyond me! Here is the real deal since I have a feeling that some of the reviews on here are bogus. Sorry that I didn't know about the revised ending before spending the money, I know better now. First, I've been to 5 Cirque shows 2 this weekend in Vegas (O and KA) sadly I saw O before KA and my expectations were high but the bubble burst quickly with the start of the show.Let's start with sound, they have a sound system worthy of a Paul McCartney concert and at times they actually use it but from the start it was obvious the main players either weren't miked or they didn't feel that they need to be in the PA at a respectable level because they really weren't. At other times in the show I was able to hear people eating popcorn several rows behind me when the music should have been more prominent, damn they even have speakers in the seats how about using them!!! Oddly later in the same song it was thunderous. Next, the show gave the impression of a fire show from the pre-show warm-ups that never played into the performance at all which I found to be very odd. But what really had me scratching my head and wondering why I just spent 600 dollars for my 4 person family was watching 'finger puppets' for 5 minutes, yes 'finger puppets' and I'm not one to spoil the show but seriously Cirque that's the best you could do and incorporate into a top billed Vegas show! WTF guys!!!Another thing that I found to be very annoying is that most Cirque shows feature acts with some intermissions, this show is all the intermission skits and some performances tossed in, really backwards and kind of annoying when you pay big bucks for big acts not baton twirling! What I came to see was the big fight at the end on the moving platform, that sequence is still in the previews that I saw all over town on DVD loops yet when the big scene came into play I was treated to a video, an F'in video not even in HD video of a previous performance but a really crappy low rez version, then suddenly fireworks and it's over. Everyone in the house had the same reaction, this is it, it's over, aside from 8 guys that stood up and yelled and clapped like they were part of a previous cast, nobody was really even thinking it was over! This show was very anti-climatic to say the least! Save your $$$ or watch O, I can vouch for that one!
4	Ka was the best show in Las Vegas that I have ever seen and is also the best Cirque show, considering both permanent and traveling Cirque shows. Entering the venue, the theather caught my attention as it made me feel like was in the the actual fictional setting. Speakers in thr headrest of the seat really heightened thr experience. I The storyline was probably one of the easier Cirque stories to follow, which is a blessing by Cirque standards. The show even provided a brief spoken description before the show really took off. While it may still have been difficult at times to follow the story, the visual display of acrobatics and mobile stage were an amazing display of coordination and skill. I was glad to have been able to purchase tickets at a discounted price under a buy one get one for $20 promotion and had great seats. My only reservation regarding this show was that the epic final battle seen where a performer tragically fell to her death back in June has been replaced with a rather blurry 3D projection of the same scene. I understand that the safety of the performers should be a top priority but this pivotal series serves as the climax of the show and the show runners need to come up with a better alternative. I highly recommend this show and hope that it will be even better once they work out the major safety issue.
5	Just read what the comment is from the show and that tells you it all. It's the best show by Cirque so far. I can't imagine how hard it will be to top this Extravaganza. Go go go. It's worth paying full price.  But look around for deals on Groupon, txt4tonite etc.
2	Guess I don't get it? We have seen many Cirque Du Soleil shows. Most are really good. This one was lavash, with huge moving stages and amazing visuals. But it made no sense, could not figure out the story, seemed pretty random. Acrobatics were not up to Cirque standards, mostly just guys swing on ropes. Even some the the bigger acts, just didn't seem to fit or really had no purpose. Certainly not worth the premium price.
5	LOVED this show. Including KA, I've seen two other Cirque Du Soleil shows - Amaluna and OVO. Hands down, KA is my favorite. There was a recent accident in which a performer died in the final battle scene, so that was replaced by a video that is blurry and confusing. HOWEVER, I have to say everything else was phenomenal! The theater itself is literally breathtaking. When I walked in, I was just overwhelmed with how beautiful it is. The mechanics of the stage is incredible - rotating, spinning, etc. Just incredible. I was lucky enough to sit in the center, front middle. I like this more than sitting in the front because I can see the performers running around through the crowd and next to me. This spot is also great since you can get a full 180 view of the show without needing to twist your neck around.The performance had a great storyline where two royal twins - a male and female - who were separated when the antagonist attacked and how they find their way back together as they come to age, with the help of some allies. It's cheesy, but I still adore it. They have beautiful music and the acrobats just blew me away. I think because of the accident, my review may be different in the fact that this performance was more theatrical than acrobatic. People complain about the finger shadow show but if you are following the storyline, IT MAKES SENSE PEOPLE. The kid, a prince, and his protector are lost in the woods, alone, with just a lantern. In order to calm the young prince down, they do an adorable finger show. I definitely spent majority of the show pointing, poking my friends, and whispering, "oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!" Only Cirque Du Soleil can make me do that. I'll never take stars off because there is no way in hell anyone can do a performance like Cirque Du Soleil can, regardless of the CGI or no storyline or anything. BRILLIANT.TIP: BUY TICKETS ONLINE!
5	BEST SHOW EVER!!My husband and i were totally amazed by the performance - the performers, music, storyline, and last but not least, the stage, WOW, it was so brilliant. I am an inpatient person, but i was 100% focus during the show, it amazed me every second.We initially was going for the BELIEVE, but read bad reviews about it. And my husband picked this one instead of us spending more time on gambling before we leave the sin city. And i gave him full credit for that, best show for sure!If i go back there again, i want to watch KA again!!
5	Beautiful set and theater, engaging story line, wonderful music, visually stunning, and amazing acrobatics! I absolutely love this show. My boyfriend and I snagged a pair of tickets about 20 minutes before showtime on the far right side of the theater, second to last row. Surprisingly, the seats were still great! We had a completely unobstructed view of the stage and although we were all the way in the back, I had no desire to be seated closer. There is not a bad seat in the house. Everyone was super friendly, from the lady selling tickets, to the bartender, to the ushers, to the dude selling programs. We had an awesome night; the show left us in awe. Ka is a must!
2	Ka - BLAH!!!2 stars for the theater, sets, athletic effort of the performers.underwhelming in every other way....I would skip this Cirque show and see any other one is the short review (I've seen O and Zumanity which were amazing)You walk into a visually stunning theater with platforms all around, fire-balls coming up from beneath the stage and speakers in the seats....it looks very promising but completely falls flat.   They need to go back to the drawing board with the final battle scene (it!s a 10 minute blurry video...yes...a video of little avatars....at a Cirque show!!)If you've never seen a Cirque show maybe you would enjoy it....didn't do it for myself and the orhers in the group.  Kind of a rip off.
4	Went with my girlfriend in August and loved it! This was right after that performer had died during the show so we saw the new ending and while the rest of the show was great this new ended was lacking and left me wanting more - hence the one star deduction. I know it was a bit on the fly for them since it was so soon after but if you're going to keep the show going then have it be on point. As a whole though this was really great. Costumes, the staging, the action. Everything was well done and so creative. Definitely one of the better Vegas shows to check out so do it!
3	KA provided an alright experience, however I wouldnt go again. This is definitely a one stop shop. The set up is very promising but when when it comes to the substance of the performance it didnt deliver. Some scenes were phenomenal whilst other were somewhat disappointing.  For instance, the vertical fight scene is now "televised". A prerecorded scene is projected onto the platform as opposed to it being acted out. I understand that's scene where the most recent the tragedy took place, but c'mon remove it altogether instead of half-assing it.
3	I have been to several cirque du solel shows including totem, O, zumanity, zarkana, ovo, lreve and mystery. This one is a little different than the rest. It has less acrobatics and more theater, but the theater part is enjoyable and interesting. Custom design is excellent.I give it a 3 because I like to see more acrobatics when I go to a cirque and this one did not deliver enough.The music was good and the seats had build in speakers!
2	I was expecting my mind to be blown after reading reviews and being told of how awesome other Cirque Du Soleil shows are.Unfortunately Ka put me to sleep.  I could barely keep my eyes open halfway through the show.  The CGI near the end is terrible.  I had no clue who was who because it was so blurry.Do yourself a favor and skip this one.  Sorely disappointed I dropped almost $300 in two tickets for this show.
5	Hands down the best Cirque in Vegas!! Seen in multiple times now and it only makes me want to see it again and again. The stage sets and costumes are INCREDIBLE. The acrobatics are jaw dropping. And unlike some of the other Cirques I've seen, the plot is easily followed and engaging. This show leaves me speechless and nearly in tears every time. They keep it on the low side as far as the jokey Cirque aspect is concerned, which I appreciate because I can go see this at a cheap Vegas comedy show. I'm going to keep this one short and let ya'll see for yourself!
4	Very impressed with the acrobatic moves, music, rotating and vertical stage.  The water wave & under the sea, costumes and flying scenes.  Definitely worth seeing.
1	Having heard so much about Cirque de Soleil and Ka I have to say I was looking forward to seeing it. Wow, was I disappointed.I went with a tight group of coworkers after a nice dinner, everything was set for a great show to cap off a good night. Didn't happen. The theater is massive which means that we blew massive amounts for tickets $300+ easily and were still quite far from the stage and not even in the center section (tho our seats were on the aisle bordering the center section). I can't imagine how much people farther up/center section paid. What a waste. The theater is just too large, too grand.The acrobatics/gymnastics/etc were impressive, but you know, and can at many times, see the wires supporting everyone allowing them to perform the feats. Sure takes a lot away from the performance. My favorite part of the performance was a scene when there were a few men atop/inside rotating wheels - imagine massive revolving hamster wheels with men jumping from inside to outside the wheel while the wheels rotated in a circle - this was incredible. But the rest of the performance just seemed either gimmicky or simple.Ka also claims to have a plot. This is a ridiculous claim, I couldn't follow the plot whatsoever. There was some guy who was trying to save some girl I think, but it made no sense and was totally disjointed. Almost as if every now and then the writers thought, oh right, we have that plot thing we have to reference.Save your money and don't waste your time. Vegas has soooo many other vastly superior options, do something else.
3	Went to the dress rehearsal performance tonight. Spent $70 for my husband and I.  The entire show up until the end was awesome.. I realize just a half a year ago Ka lost a performer during the final fight scene.  I understand their reasoning for not doing the same ending since then, however, they need to do SOMETHING. The ending was TERRIBLE.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price.I'd be sorely disappointed to pay $104 a piece for the seats I had tonight to see a recorded and grainy version of the final battle. Cirque needs to rethink their ending.  I realize the set up is ridiculously steep and obviously unsafe but I personally can think of a few ways to do something with the ending other than the little filmstrip they play.
2	I wasnt impressed. Hardly any acrobatics. Mostly theater performances. What bugged me most was the fact that they intentionally spent way too much time in useless scenes to accommodate the backgrounds which the used for less than 5 mins. Then they use a VIDEO recording of what would have been the most impressive scene. I felt cheated. Avoid if possible.
1	I'm a local and took cousins from Iowa to see first show of 2014 season.  As circ shows go I was very disappointed.  For the price of tickets ( I'm glad I bought at local discount rate), our seats should have come with binoculars .  Not worth going to see.  One hour into show and I'm still waiting for a "wow" moment.  Should have seen "O"
5	Best show in Vegas. So many show to pick when u r in Vegas but u have to see KA show when u r in Vegas. I saw 2 times ! So amazing show !
2	This show was very much a let down for me. I could see the story they were going for, however, it failed to all come together for me. I felt there was a lot of things happening that wasn't really part of what was going on. When the show starts out, there's no real explanation as to why this is happening. As the story progresses, you understand the point but, it doesn't make sense. As far as the costumes, they were good and fitting for the show. I also was hoping for more tricks or acrobatics. I was a fan of Mystere, and expected some of those type talents. I will say, the stage is amazing. Watching it transform into many things for the show was so intriguing. And there was also a part with the girl in the forest type setting with a guy and that dancing was pretty cool. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this show. Pass and watch something more entertaining.
4	Yes, it was a little disappointing that the Battle scene wasn't live.  I understand the circumstances and that you can't just simply change the ending, but I was waiting for a big finish!  But, the show really impressed me.  The story was followable and the acts were great.  This was my first Cirque experience and I wasn't too sure what to expect - the stage and theater were really impressive to me! I don't think you'll find a stage like this anywhere else.  I walked out of the show wishing it was longer and wanting to go see some of the other ones!Just an FYI: I booked my tickets through a Living Social promo that redirected me to the MGM ticket site.  The tickets were only like $65 a piece. The map on the website showed that our seats were in the first row of the 200s sections, near the middle of the theater.  However, when we picked them up, our tickets were completely backwards and instead of being in the middle, we were on the very end which made it difficult to see.  So, next time, I would call to make sure the seats were actually as advertised.
3	Went to see Ka tonight and I have to admit, did not "get it." In addition, I could not follow the story. In fact, I'm not even sure there is a story. The stage and theater are fantastic. In fact, the further you sit back, I think the better. The performers are good, but honestly, I didn't see anything that totally blew me away as far as acrobatics. The best part was the music, which was excellent. I was excited and eager to see Ka, but I feel disappointed by the experience.
3	KA was spectacular. Story driven (though sometimes difficult to really follow) with an amazing transforming stage. Some truly exciting moments. BUT... Last year, a performer died during the final climactic battle. A rope broke and she fell. So instead of using better ropes, which the rest of the show does, they filmed the final battle and project it onto the surface of this vertical wall. The projection is a bit blurry and low quality. It brings the excitement level of the show to a screeching halt! Completely leaves a bad taste in your mouth and taints the entire experience. They should come up with something new or remove the scene entirely.Bottom line, as a buyer you should be aware of this.  Everything leading up to the finale was great, but this really was a huge letdown.  Especially given the cost of the event, the entire production should be top-notch and this portion felt like a band-aid rather than something they put effort into fixing.
5	Another truly amazing Cirque show that needs to be seen.  The acts in this show, I believe, are the most dangerous acts I've seen in all the Cirque shows in Vegas.  The mastery of skills that were on display during the show is just incredible to watch.  The athleticism required to perform the stunts leaves me speechless.
4	What a great show. If you are expecting the typical acrobatic show, then this isn't for you. The story was great and very easy to follow. The transitions between acts were great. Some of the acts gave me that tingling sensation. The princess with the flute twirling was one of my favorites. How do you do that every night without messing up. The princess with the jungle guy swing act was very beautifully done as well. The first battle scene with the bad guys running up the wall was pretty sweet. The last guy to fall off, man was my heart pounding for him. The stage was so amazing. I wonder what happens to all that sand, and what do the people fall on. The only part I didn't like was the final battle scene. I mean I get it, one of the performers passed away during this scene, but it doesn't mean you bring the show down hill. As a big production show, I expected Cirque du Soleil to find an alternative way to display this act. Just using a projector doesn't make sense, and I think it is a slap in the face to the audience as well as the performers. Please fix this act, it is suppose to be the EPIC CLIMACTIC BATTLE!
5	Saw this show two years ago and I think this is one of the better shows on the Las Vegas strip. The other would be Mystere at Treasure Island.This show is great, the storyline is simple and the visuals are spectacular. Make sure to see this show if you get the chance.You will not be disappointed.
4	This was my first first cirque du soleil show and I loved it! This performance seemed more like a story/theater type rather than just a bunch of acrobatics. Our favorite scene was the jumping around on those spinning wheels. I swear we though the guy was going to fall!!I took 1 star away because the ending scene was all video. There was a whole dramatic scene that lead to the final scene.. then all of a sudden it's video!! Other than that, the show is great and my boyfriend enjoyed it as well. Lots of fight scenes for guys to enjoy :)btw. Look for deals cuz they're out there!! I found a winter deal through Google which lead me to the mgm site and got tickets for only 55 each! We were in the 200 section in the middle left  which was still a great spot to watch the show because you don't want to sit up close otherwise you're in that awkward looking up position. Back middle is where you wanna be!! Anywhere in the 200s
1	Worst show I have ever seen. Waste of money!
2	I'm not going to lie, I fell asleep maybe 3 times. It was hard to keep my eyes open. I don't know if it was from lack of sleep, drinking all day or just pure boredom. I'm gonna go with probably pure boredom since when I looked around the people to the right, left, front and behind were all sleeping. RIDICULOUS for a Cirque Du Soleil show. The story line was somewhat hard to follow. Alot of battles and fighting. I thought there would be more acrobatics and just anything to make my jaw drop and go WOW! Glad I only spent $66 on my tickets on smartervegas.comI've seen Zumanity and that was a WOW show,definitely recommend that over KA. KA is more of a broadway type of show than anything.
4	This was our first Cirque show. We had 2 free tickets from playing myvegas. It was good at times and boring at other times.  I felt like it dragged on too much. I am glad I went once but that's enough.  **tip, sit towards the middle or back of the theater.  We sat in the front but felt we missed out on some of the show as the actors came from the back and side we kept having to turn around.
3	Came here for the 7pm showing on Sunday. This is my 6th cirque show. Prices were good; I called to get discount pricing on Saturday and there were no other options (other than military, student, and AAA discounts, which weren't much). I'm used to paying locals price because I used to have a friend that loved here and we got our tickets at 2 for 1 pricing. Since then, I've refused to pay more than $100 for tickets because I know they come cheaper. Total came out to around $65, inclusive of taxes. They say to come an hour early to pick up tickets from will call. Unlike all of the cirque shows I've seen, the line was so short at the booth and there was no line to get in the theater. Overall, the theater was maybe less than half full. Also, it's a small-ish theater. We had category E tickets and were only sitting 4th row up from the middle of the theater. Even the back row didn't look awfully far. To be honest, Ka has one of the most impressive theaters that I've seen. They made really good use of the spaces on the walls by adorning them with lights and cool little balconies. A lot of the acrobats also used them in their scenes. The seats are all equipped with their own speaker behind your head, so the sound effects and music were pretty amazing though it was hard to hear the actors (even IF they are speaking a different language). Story line was pretty straightforward, but I was about to fall asleep during many parts of this show. People are right when they're saying there isn't much acrobatics involved. I also felt a lot of the stunts were repeated tricks from some other shows (the giant wheel thing that is also in Zarkana was way more "cling-to-the-edge-of-your-seat" and the aerial dancers were more engaging and varied in their athletics in TOTEM). A lot of the athletics reminded me of high school marching band color guard teams. Baton twirling and stick twirling were a good amount of the tricks they showed. Though the stage WAS cool, I feel like it was overused in a sense that you could tell they wanted to keep using it and rotating it to keep the show interesting. I got bored of it after a while. The end woke me up (don't want to give a spoiler alert) and it was my favorite part in the show just because the the safety of the actors and patrons in the theater... That definitely kept me on the edge of my seat, ready to evacuate in a timely manner... Haha3 stars because of the costumes and actors, established story line, neat theater, and good sound. Minus two for the lackluster acrobatics, quiet dialogue, and repetitive rotating stage use.
3	Having seen pretty much all of the other cirque du soleil shows now, this show was slightly disappointing. Located in MGM, I believe this is one of the older shows. The theatre itself is beautifully constructed with bright walkways on both sides. Before the show begins, fireballs are constantly spitting out of the center the the stage area and was pretty cool! We sat in the center third row and got an extremely good view of everything without craning our necks or straining our eyes. A lot of the performances seemed to take place on this stage that was flexible to become a ship, a beach, a wall, and all sorts of other set ups which was pretty cool. My favorite scene was probably the shadow puppets they made ( super cute) and also when they were chasing each other around on the platform with the spikes poking through the floor. Otherwise, most of the scenes I really cannot remember too well since they all blended together. Some of the costumes and decorations reminded me of my ancient chinese dramas. There was one last part that they showed using some type of projection I think instead of acting due the death of their actress during the performance so that was a good move on their part to make it safer for their performers.
4	Deep in our hearts, we all have the love for ancient mystery, superior athleticism, spectacular fashion, exotic music, and a grandiose drama with happy ending.  Cirque Du Soleil is such a successful form of entertainment because it gives all in one.  And KA is a fantastic example.I'm not going to give away the story since it will spoil the fun.  I simply love it.  The technology that seamlessly transformed the theme from land to water to mountain was breathtakingly amazing.  The acrobats and aerialists pleased the crowds as expected.  Ancient Chinese martial arts and weapon play were also successfully inserted into the show.  The only part of the show I didn't like too much was when projected movie technology was used to depict a section of the story.  I want to see everything in real act, not screen projection.The retail store next to the show is also worthy visiting.  I was excited to see the exclusive collection by Desigual (a colorful, bohemian Spanish apparel line) for KA.  This was undoubtedly a perfect marriage between fashion and entertainment.  I loved the asymmetrically cut and printed knit dresses.  If you like masks, you'll find some cool ones here too.  KA is appropriate for kids too. I give four stars only because O was perfect if I have to compare the two.
5	Spectacular, highly recommended! And so much more than your typical Cirque show. The production skills and prep that come along with the performance will just blow your mind. The circus isn't what it used to be! I would suggest sitting on the ground level so you can see all the action taking place (some of which will take place in your rows!) - there's A LOT of action and several story lines going on at once so best to be close, be awake and paying attention so you're not lost halfway through the show!Anyone into martial arts or the opera will love this. And the technology behind each set is just unbelievable.
5	The storyline was endearing and easy to follow. They did a very good job bringing to life the sweet innocence of manga that I used to read. The acrobatics were amazing. And the stage!! So impressive! The whole thing moves! We were front row dead center, and almost got kicked- that's how active and off stage the actors go at times! We did have to crane our necks straight up when the arial feats occurred, so I do recommend sitting farther back. The auditorium is amazing to see- get there early to enjoy it all. The climatic end was not live at our showing- due to the recent tragedy that befell Ka. I was told they will be playing the final battle scene on film until they can come up with a new, safer, final battle scene for their actors. Ka is my favorite show on the strip due to the amazing acrobatics, the sweet storyline, excellent costumes, comical relief, stunning setting, and excellent performing! My favorite scene was the running up the near vertical stage to get away from the arrows and bad guys. Second is O- so do go to both!
2	What was this show? After the wonderful experience we'd had at Zarkana, I was more than glad to shell about almost $300 on tickets for my mom and I to enjoy this even closer. When I think Cirque du Soliel, I think the height of human gymnastics and acrobatics, beauty and the wonders of the body. The show starts off pretty promising. There's a lot of fancy pole work, extravagant tumbling, and spinning. And then it stops. It then becomes all about the impressive technical aspects and stationary visuals. Giant moving tables and great music and costumes..... But they rely too much on prefilmed visuals and not enough on what makes CdS the wonderful powerhouse it had been know to be like. I realize not everyone can be on their A game always, but the jump roping rotating figure-8  guy just gave up midway through his routine. Since I could never do anything remotely like that, I won't hold that against him. The story itself read pretty awful too. It read like a K-drama.  It felt like whole sections were missing.
2	After seeing "O" I had high expectations. And let me tell you, I was totally let down. Yes there was some neat parts to the show, but for me, I wasn't expecting a "story line" - I was expecting to be wowed by all the acrobatic tricks and extravagant gymnastics and I left feeling jilted. The sets were beautiful, but I just didn't love the performance. Hopefully my next Cirque show won't disappoint.
1	Don't understand the hype about this show. When I think of Cirque du Soleil- I think circus and fun acrobatic acts. KA was nothing like I imagined. The only memorable parts about the show: The theater and the set & the scene when they're drowning in the water. That's it. Everything else was a disappointment. I tried really hard to follow the story, but I had no idea what was going on. Each act was SO boring... baton twirling, shadows of animals using hands, jumproping on wheels... not impressed. I also felt like so many mistakes were made throughout the show. A lot of the scenes with groups of people were not in sync. Toward the end, there was a scene that was entirely digital. I felt like I was watching a bad quality video game for 15 minutes. I've seen many Cirque shows, and this is my LEAST favorite. I am so glad I got these tickets for free. I do not recommend paying for this show, especially if you are expecting acrobatic acts.
2	Can't say this was captivating. Convoluted, hard to follow plot. A lot of sword fighting and crawling around on a big rotating platform. I found myself more interested in the mechanics of the stage platform, some impressive hydraulics, then the actual show going on. Looked at my watch every ten minutes. Show is about 90 minutes but crawls. Best part was the guy at the very end, doing jump rope on the big rotating wheel. Other than that, not much to see here.
1	I was really expecting a world class show.   Was very disappointed.Very hard to follow the story line,Was very disjointed.   I almost got up and left.   Set was awesome but the very poor quality video toward the end was ridiculous.Don't waste your time or money, go see zumanity instead.
1	I want to give Ka a great review because I love Cirque, but quite honestly, I wasn't even sure this was a part of Cirque -- I was questioning myself about an hour into the show!  Boring, slow, the dancers' moves are anything but impressive.  Not sure if this is because of the death last year, but I would skip this show.We left early during our performance, we were just "bored", it was very disappointing.  There is a story line, but it's very slow and not impressive.  There were sword "fights" that were emulated, but even they were really unimpressive and looked amatuer.  My husband summed this up very well, "Typically when you see a Cirque show, you leave feeling completely inadequate physically.  You see how these performers push their bodies into an art and realize how unfit you are."  This show did *not* do that in any way.  In fact, one of the main characters is an overweight woman that watches the children.  Yep, I could've done better.
3	Zumanity ruined me for other cirque shows. Ka is about exactly the same as Mystere. Decent but not amazing.
5	Great night in Vegas. KA was definitely an amazing show and well worth the investment. The stage was magical and very unique. I was left wanting more and more. The performers were great and obviously take their job very seriously. I would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas.
5	This show was awesome! The stage was so unique along with the characters and outfits. It is a martial arts based performance with a love story woven in. I really enjoyed the pyrotechnics. We were able to get nice seats in the middle with a great view for very reasonable prices for a cirque du soliel show.
1	I fell asleep..... Seriously where's my refund!!!! We went to zarkana at aria last summer and loved it..this was a sad excuse for a cirque du soleil show...very difficult to follow and now we get to watch a video instead of the last scene of the show? Felt like my senior project... The staff members were very rude...Glad we got the winter deal I would never pay over $50 for this show....I feel sorry for the ones that did...only 2 people gave a standing ovation what does that tell you?
3	Saw this show the other day and wasn't very impressed since we've seen a few other cirque shows before. I get they had to tweak it up a bit because of the accident, but I think it just made the show a lil dull. There were some pretty cool stunts done.but you can tell which scenes had to be tweaked. The last battle scene would of been amazing. Kind of wish we saved our money though. All in all it was okay n still 100X better than chris angels show.
4	This was my third time seeing KA - mostly because family members wanted to see it - but once is plenty. Like all Cirque shows, it is heavy on costume, and they are terrific here. The performers are all very talented, but KA differs from the other shows in that it 'tells a story.' Good guys vs bad guys - Gee, guess who wins....For all Cirque shows, I want to yell, "Do a flip!", but there are no flips here. There are brilliant costumes, dances, acting, and props, and it will mesmerize you. And it is a top production, but I don't come to the Cirque shows looking for a story. See "O" and Mystere first.Visited December 2013
2	Had high expectations going in, and the stage and theater were really cool, but the final video scene that seemed to go on forever ruined it for me. If the performers don't want to (understandingly) do it, then they either need to replace that scene or just cut it all together. A video won't be missed, and it doesn't belong in such a production.
4	Great show. Amazing stage set up. Love the actors in the begining. Acrobats were awesome!
5	This show was absolutely incredible. From the pyrotechnics, to the martial arts, to the acrobatics and acting, this is an experience I would recommend for anyone wanting to see a stunning show. We sat very close to the front, which enabled us to feel every burst of fire that came from the stage. Would definitely see it again.
3	This is my 2nd time watching KA. They replaced the epic top-down action sequence with a poorly rendered CG recording. Was a bit disappointed in that.  Must say beginning was more impressive than the end but still carries the most engaging storyline in Cirque du Soleil in my opinion.
1	So in February, I saw the traveling cirque show in LA called Totem and thought it great, some friends told me that if i enjoyed that i should check out the Vegas shows because they are so much greater, with even more dardevil acts and the permanent sets allowed for more incredible feats.That being said, this show was terrible. $160 a head for high school marching band baton twirling, amateur fake sword fighting, and slapping plastic spears on the floor. The best part of this s&#tastically drool enducing boring show was the 30 seconds of fireworks at the end. And the actual end when i couls get the *&#k out. AVOID THIS SHOW AT ALL COSTS.
5	We loved the show, plain and simple. We were sitting in the last row, dead center, and that was not a bad spot at all. I have seen 3 or 4 shows by Cirque du Soleil and I have to say it is the first time I can actually follow the story 100% haha. The show is not all about stunts and impressive/dangerous stuff, there is also a lot of martial arts choregraphies and story telling, which I really enjoyed. It is simply the most beautiful show I have ever seen. The lights, the decor, the stage, all of it was perfect. The way everything is set really makes you feel like you are inside the story. If you want to see fire and explosions and stunts and stuff, the show might not be for you, but if you enjoy visually amazing art, I would definitely recommand it!
4	The arena is very cool and everything is up to par with the high Cirque du Doleil standards.We heard that you should read the plot beforehand, so spent 15 minutes reading it on Wikipedia on our phones as we waited for the show to start. I'm glad I did this, because it made it easier to understand what was going on.This is a great show and am glad we went. My only issue was with the final battle scene.In case you don't know the history, a performer died after falling during this scene, and the show was modified afterward. I have no problem with them doing this, but the way they did it was just disappointing. They projected imagery of the final battle scene, with digital actors doing acrobatics. The projection was blurry and just not engaging. I felt like we were watching a movie in a cheap movie theater. They could have done better.Other than this, Ka is still a great show.
4	1-1/2 hr of WOWs! This show has a story line, fascinating stuns, hand shadow, and very realistic 4D staging and backgrounds. I am the type to notice wires and always coming up with explanation on how they do stuns or how they do the background but some scenes and background changes left me speechless and impressed.I love the boat and drowning scene! I noticed that the seats were installed with its individual soundbox, some scenes they use it but you won't notice it unless u turn your ear to the seat.I got my ticket $55+ fee+ tax for great seating in the second mid section. Parking was free because I parked across from mgm at tropicana hotel. Very convenient. -1 star because I felt the story line was a bit rushed at the end and some parts didn't make sense. In addition. Some stuns were similar in many of the cirque du solei shows
3	My expectations were high because of a traveling Cirque show I saw about 8 years ago. I was anticipating more acrobatics and wow and less of a plotline to follow. Could have been my fault for not knowing completely what I was getting into this time around. Still a great show with enthusiastic and talented people!
3	I went to see KA as my first Cirque Du Soleil Show over the weekend.  I chose Ka after talking to everyone who has seen it tell me the show was amazing. However, what I failed to realize was that all the people I talked to watched KA "pre tragedy" which was prior to June 2013.Halfway through the show, I was extremely impressed with the layout, costumes, performances and the stage set up. I can't imagine the amount of planning and design that went into designing the theater.  I was ready to give the show 4-5 stars until...the CGI/projected fight scene. It was blurry as hell and I couldn't figure out what was going on.  It was such a disappointment seeing that and unfortunately I let that ruin the entire show for me.  I wish they would have just left that out because it really didn't flow.  They should either remove that entirely (or if they are going to show it for the stories sake, make it shorter) or just choreograph something else with the actual performers. I'd recommend watching KA only at a discounted price, if you get free tickets or if you can look past the digital fight scene. Otherwise it's an amazing show.
5	This was an amazing show!  The music was cool and the acrobatics and acting were great.  The moving stage is out of this world and is one of the coolest things I've ever seen in a theater setting.  The show is pricey but if you check their website or call the MGM Grand box office, you can typically find deals/specials.
3	The Ka theater is worth the ticket price alone. The detail of the sets and theater is astounding. Towards the end, the show started to drag and the projected fight scene was unneeded and a bit cheesy.
1	I Hated it!  I felt the baton throwing and staged fighting was very boring.
3	While waiting for the doors to open we were entertained by greeters and ushers with their enthusiasm and lively disposition.  It sort of set some expectations on how the show will be.  Unfortunately, that energy did not flow into the type of performance we anticipated.  I certainly expected more from cirque du soleil.  We had difficulty following the story line. Some scenes were just too long and lagged. On the other hand some scenes were good.
2	I purchased tickets from Living Social. We sat in section 202 - center stage. I wasn't impressed with the show. Honestly, I was bored throughout the show and looking at my clock to see how much longer we had until closing. The transitions from scene to scene was really slow. They look a long time to get to the point. The use of digital art was cool but not downright intriguing. The story line was hard to understand. Id spend my money to go see Le Reve or even pay less to go see the Variety Show. You'll be a lot more entertained.
4	Really enjoyed the show, which begins as you enter the lobby - the ushers are 100% invested in immersing audience members into the experience before you even see the set - and the theatre is incredible!Would have given it 5 stars had the story been easier to follow and if the fight sequence towards the end weren't a video projection on the stage. I understand their need to alter the staging but for $100 a pop, this crucial point in the story simply cannot be phoned-in and expected to be "okay" with theatre goers.
3	I had really high expectations for this show. I heard that all Cirque shows are amazing so I was really excited to get the chance to see one. When you walk inside, the theatre is mind blowing. Nines stories tall where performers will propel down the sides to begin the show!The premise of the show is about a brother and sister in the ancient empire. That's pretty much all I could tell you because the story line was so difficult to follow. Read the background before hand it'll help a lot. The actual action that you expect from a cirque performance was really awesome! Although I felt like there wasn't enough of it, there were parts that moved way to slow when I wanted to see the action and stunts that cirque is known for. I am glad I went and I would see another Cirque show but it certainly won't be this one
2	Pretty disappointed. We saw le reve and it was better. Heard that the final scene had a mishap in 2013, so they will not be resuming that scene until 2016? Which should of been a big finale, was a real downer this time. Wish we knew before we paid like 300$ for it.
3	Be prepared to be transported into another world by Cirque Du Soleil. With a story of many dimensions including world class performers and music to suck you in, I attended KA while I was in Vegas and it did not disappoint.To me, KA had more of a storyline compared to Dralion but it was a darker story than Ovo and the acrobatics were great but not as amazing as the other shows I have seen. Perhaps this is because there is so much happening in a big venue or I was concentrating on the story more.I got my ticket via tix4tonite in Vegas on the day.
3	When they actually did acrobatics they were amazing. The story line is very hard to follow and jumps around all over. There are to many slow scenes that drag and made me loose interest. The last "fight scene" was digital because they can not perform it live since one of the acrobats died acting it out. It wasn't horrible I just think I was expecting more acrobatics. The ushers are very entertaining
5	Our family absolutely loved Ka. You have to follow the story closely through the action because the "script" , after the introduction of the story plot at the begnning, is not really language. But the acrobatics, the set, the action sequences are extraodinary. My wife couldn't even watch a few times as the acrobatics were just too perilous to believe. The performers really risk it all, every show, twice a day five days a week. You have never seen anyting like this.  After the tragic death of one of the performers last summer[ due to an equipment failure), one sequence at the end is projected onto a screen. I think this was the weakest part of the show. The sequence could be recreated, or maybe some explaination of why this is done could be given, either in introducing the show, or maybe have a program printed for the audience. But aside from that few minutes that don't reach the level of the rest of the performance, it is just jaw-dropping amazing. I don't know if there are occassional hiccups and misses in other performances of Ka, but the show we saw was flawless for the entire hour and half production. It was my first Cirque show, so I don't have others to compare too. But now I am a true fan and want to see other shows someday. My only real regret was that the audienced didn't give the performers a standing ovation at the end. But they probably couldn't stand up that quickly after drinking all day as most visiting Las Vegas seem to do. Leave your iphones in your pocket, you can't take pics before or during the show. The ushers spent an inordinate amount of time trying to police the ubiquitous cell-cams before the show. I feel bad for the performers who read unkind reviews posted here. It must be disheartening where the talent on display is nothing short world-class.
5	I was BLOWN away by KA, so much so that I am still listening to the soundtrack a week later trying to relive every single last bit so I won't forget. The music, the story, it all brought me intense waves of emotion. I've never felt anything like this with ANY performance I've seen, and having been in Theatre most of my life that definitely says a lot!Levels of walkways surround the seats where performers propel from and entertain the crowd before the show. It's just so aesthetically pleasing, and makes the audience feel as if they are a part of the action and adventure!And then... the stage. It's a hydraulic stage that moves up, down, slanted and even VERTICAL; It's unbelievable how talented the performers are to stabilize themselves and act with such grace. In other cirque shows I usually see many mistakes, but at KA not a single one! The actors were so well rehearsed and on point!I am itching to go back to Vegas just so I can see the show again! It's almost a manic obsession... Well worth the price, and you can get great deals through MLife. I am even flirting with the idea of moving to Nevada just so I can work as an Usher at the KA theater so I can be a part of this amazing experience!!!
5	I've seen a few of these types of shows in Las Vegas:  Le Reve, Zumanity and now KA.  I have not seen the other Cirque shows so I cannot compare this to those, but KA on its own is a sheer spectacle.  Amazing sets, performers and a giant rotating wall that serves as the back "drop" for most of the scenes.  The performers in this show are clearly not afraid of heights, falling or death (some stunts are done without a wire).I would totally recommend this to a friend and I would see it again if I could get discounted tickets.  We purchased our tickets through Travelzoo for 50% off the regular price and we got seats at about the middle-left of the seating sections which was near enough to see the actor's faces but far enough to see more of the action that wasn't necessarily on-stage.
5	Well put together show. I was amazed through its entirety. Even had some laughs. I'd say a must see.
5	This is a fantastic theatrical performance by all means take the time to catch this performance!!!!!!
3	I was so excited to see Ka. I had heard so many great things about it. Last year I went to see my first Cirque show ever, Love, and I loved it. Ka is the story of a brother and sister who are separated after their kingdom is attacked. There is a love story interspersed in the plot though it's not very believable and just seemed to detract from the show as a whole. Basically, the love story was a bit of a plot mover rather than something explored. The costumes were great and everything was well choreographed. However, at times I felt that it was monotonous. "Oh hey, another fight scene on the moving wall". The most disappointing thing was the climax. I understand that the performer died last year, that's a terrible tragedy. However, instead of altering the scene and having them perform on a level surface, they just made up a CGI of the characters fighting on the vertical wall. It was blurry and you couldn't tell what was going on. I actually think Love was better.
3	Got tickets for this through myvegas, and let's just say cirque is not for me. I think the show wasn't that interesting but they had some cool stunts. I KNOW this is 100% me and it's not their fault since my wife loved every bit of it and it seemed they've put a lot of effort in decoration, stage, etc. The cocktails at the bar were pretty good and also really affordable for vegas terms, esp. the refills.
4	My first Cirque du Soleil show. Tickets were about $100/each, will call.I wasn't really sure what to expect, so I enjoyed the performance. The action is dispersed, but I'd say the bulk of things still happen at the front of the stage. No photography permitted.The coolest thing is probably the stage itself. It probably cost a fortune to build, design, and test that thing. It moves with at least five degrees of freedom, and is definitely a big part of the show, and the things they can do within it.
4	There were a couple of scenes where it was a little repetitive.   Costumes were great.  Great transitions.   A good show for the whole family.
3	We have enjoyed this show twice in the past, but this was the first time since the show was revamped as a result of mid-2013 fatal accident by one of the performers.  In my opinion, the show is far less dramatic/acrobatic than in the past.  I actually became bored at one point.
3	I felt that this is a decent show. I absolutely loved the atmosphere in the room. It seemed reminiscent of a steampunk vibe. The ushers were friendly and entertaining. The music is fantastic and really pulls you in to the story. The costumes and sets are incredible. The moving stages are the most insane thing I've ever seen. On occasion, you can see the mechanics behind the stages, and you are left in awe of how they came up with such an immense project such as this.I like that there is a storyline that you can really follow with this performance. When I saw Mystere, I couldn't really tell you what the story was, but I felt that Mystere had more of the "Cirque" appeal. This performance was more of a dance in martial arts movements. There is a scene where they do shadow puppets and that was really impressive. I didn't realize you could create things that intricate with it. The brother finding the girl he liked wasn't out of place, but the sister falling in love with the Tarzan-y thing seemed off. All I could think was that he looked too old for her. She looked 14 and he looked 20. It was almost creepy that he was falling for a child. I know they say it's a coming of age story, but you never know what age that would actually be in that time period.I was left feeling with a bit of a lackluster feeling where I just wasn't blown away with it. The final scene is supposed to be an epic battle done while the main stage is vertical. Because of the death last year, they have changed it to a CGI version projected onto the stage. It was blurred because it was trying to move fast, so I couldn't really tell who these characters were supposed to be. They should invest in a better version of it, or have the platform be less elevated so that the performers can safely perform the scene. It leaves you feeling let down. When the scene is over, they bring out the actors so you can link the characters on the projection with their physical counterpart, but that left me even more let down. This performance didn't have some of the aspects of the show that you would come to expect from a "Cirque" performance, so I think that's what left me with the most disappointment. This is still a good performance, but for about $100 per seat (almost $200 for closer to the front) I felt that it could have been a bit more impressive.
4	KA is a great show. I took my wife this past weekend for our 8th anniversary. We both truly enjoyed the show. There is nothing that can beat how awesome the stage is in this show. The movement and story are pretty great. It is also really neat how the show is going on all around you. They come out into the audience and it really feels like you are part of the show. The only reason I did not give it five stars is because there is a part at the very end that projected onto the stage. This is kind of lame considering the awesomeness of the entire show. I understand some of the performers died and that may be why they use the projection on that portion. To be honest it looks kind of like you are watching a video game. This part was okay, but considering it along with the rest of the show kind of brought the coolness factor down. But regardless, I would still see this show again. it is very cool.
2	KA celebrates it's tenth anniversary this year and has provided wonderful entertainment throughout it's residency at MGM, but it has been overshadowed by the other Cirque shows on the strip. The show is alright, but the stage and theatre is gorgeous! You spend the preshow time just staring at the beautiful theatre and metal work.After an accident last year, they've changed the last big scene. With the new scene the show feels cheap and unfinished. I wish they would rework it to create another impressive ending.It is worth seeing at a discount, but please go check out some of their other shows if you only have time for one or two shows.
3	I spent the first 30 minutes amazed by the work of industrial art that is the KA stage. Some serious engineering went into this production. Unfortunately, the rest of the show falls short of the high expectations I had for it. Im an intelligent man, but as far as the story goes, I have no clue what happened. Probably because I spent more time creeping the stage intricacies than I did watching the show. The rest of our group shared the same sentiments, and what not our favorite Cirque performances. The modified ending is just terrible. As another reviewer mentioned, you can find the original scene that was replaced due to the tragic accident that occurred. The new scene is just awful, like it was done with a camcorder from the 80s. In the end, if you've seen the other productions, you might as well see KA, but if its going to be your first Cirque Du Soleil production, you are better off going elsewhere.
5	Went with a friend for a week in vegas and we wanted to see a circus du soleil show. I wanted to see O but they were no shows available So, I decided on KA and we were not disappointed. The theater/stage was amazing. The show was breathtaking, We sat in awe of how skilled and beautiful the the performers were. Highly recommend this show.
2	I saw this show when it first opened and just came back from a return trip almost ten years later with the kids.  It seems Cirque has given up on this show, and now I have, too.  There were some awe inspiring moments and exceptional performances.  However, the decision to replace the battle scene with a blurry projected version rather than to restage it had the effect of crippling the show.  It seems Ka is on its way out.
3	Artistically amazing with the most incredible performance stage you can imagine.At the same time, we felt this was slow, artsy, and a bit melancholy.If my BEATLES LOVE experience was 5 stars, than this is 3.  Just wasn' t our cup of tea.Singing in a language i dont know and a story that was hard to follow.
4	Literally, this show is the definition of defying gravity! Breath taking acrobatics and amazing immersion defines this show.The short definitions:Pros:Amazing moving stageImmersive story about love and growth for two imperial twins as they search for each other and to restore their kingdomGreat costume designCons:Way too much martial artsLack of variety of showsRemoval of the final act which was replaced with low quality CGIHere is a more in-depth review of the various acts:Pageant- I loved the intro. It just hooks you in with the archers popping up on the side of the stages. Great start!Storm- Very acrobatic fight scene on a moving boat. Quite breath taking.Deep- Semi-boring but it does make you feel like you're in the water.Archers Den- I love the villains. However, not a stand up scene.Wash up shore- Freaking hilarious. I really enjoyed the turtle the most. I really liked the sand that they put on stage.Shadow play- My favorite scene by far. I really liked the shadow puppets, so life like and quite moving. One of the most beautiful scenes I've seen in a cirque show.Climb- Introduction to the epic fight scenes as the characters move around a moving stage packed with sand.Blizzard- Pretty cool. I liked the bubbles which they used to imitate snow.Flight- One of the coolest scenes from the show as they make a flying apparatus. You literally see the actors fly above the audience.Captivity- An interesting scene. I don't really get the love story but whatever. XD.Forest people- Awe inspiring and colorful. Very vibrant. I love Tarzan!Slave cage- Epic wheel of death! Very cool!Final battle- It sucks that this scene was so underwhelming. I'm sure if I saw this scene as it was originally created I would be amazed. However, the holograms were terrible.Aftermath- Best part was the flaming wheel! FIRE!Overall, my favorite cirque show along with zumanity. Definitely, a good show to introduce yourself to cirque! I really enjoy how there is an actual story line for once!
5	Absolutely awesome show!
2	So disappointing.  If this is indicative of all Cirque shows, I don't ever want to go to another one again.  I was soooo excited about this show.  But within 5 minutes of the start I was so bored.There was only one good part that lasted about 5 minutes.  Where one of the performers was jump roping on top of a spinning wheel.  Literally.  5 good minutes.  If you enjoy Teletubbie speak, however, you may enjoy this.  Because that's how the actors speak.  It's like a bad foreign play.  Luckily, my husband had earned enough My Vegas points for us to get free tickets to this so we didn't waste any money on it.  We got 3 row center and it was almost a disadvantage to be that close.  So don't spend extra to get really close, totally not worth it.  The CGI part was, by far, the lamest and most boring part of the entire show.  We also go free tix to see the Jabbawockeez.  SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better than KA!  They were incredible and we laughed and danced in our seats.  Want an 1 and a 1/2 of entertainment??? Go see Jabbawockeez and skip KA!
4	A solid "4" for sure.  I would advise you don't come here during the last showing, I believe the 9:30pm showing cos it might put you to sleep.  The story line is great and the performance is good but there are parts where the music is super slow.Don't pay full price for this either.  You can't get cheap same day tickets from booths all along the strip. I would advise doing that.
5	so my husband had high expectations of this, he's never seen cirque b4, (i have but just 1 other show 'drallion'), so i had an idea of what to expect and i knew i'd be blown away, but i didn't think my husband would love it as much as he did lol, so that was a great surprise for me.. so we walked into the theater and found out we had front row center, AMAZING! (we bought our tix on vegas.com so we didn't know where our seats were til we got the tix and were directed to our seats). i was worried tho cuz i know w/ a few cirque shows, having front row means u don't get to see 'everything' like u would if u were further away lol and can see the whole picture.. but even tho that was partially the case a few times, i must say it was wonderfully memorable to see and hear the cast so up close. i could see the girls' hair styles being so intricately done, and u can't see that from the back of the theater! i could hear their whispers and see the details of their costumes up close! i got 'snowed' on and brought a souvenir 'flower petal' (tissue paper lol) home to forever remember this visually and emotionally captivating experience! we got to have the cast run right by our feet (the staff tells u b4 the show to keep the legroom to a minimum cuz the cast will be running thru at any given moment lol), they were coming from every angle and appearing suddenly outta nowhere constantly lol. u really have to keep looking around the whole scene lol. the whole walls of the theater were a bunch of mini balconies for them to be on and move around, swinging back and forth sometimes.. it was a lot of gravity defying action.. there was at least 1 free fall to the floor lol, but yeah a lot of them were wired to cables and whatnot. the 'stage' moves on all angles, even straight up vertical and just WOW... there was just 1 segment where i wasn't thrilled. one of the cast is on top of the stage while it's vertical and it's a digital image fight btwn various characters.. really, it would've been SO much better if this was real ppl instead of digital images lol.. but i guess they needed a break and to set up the next segments so it was a time killer.. but man, having the cast inches away from me was just mind blowing on so many levels.. our heads were darting every which way to try and catch everything, it was really hard to choose what to look at lol, so much was going on! btw, after the show ended (i was dreading the end lol), i took a peek at the 'under stage' where all the magic happens lol, it goes down DEEP! i wish i could've taken a pic of the under stage and the balconies lol... so 2 cirque shows down, a bunch more to go! cuz i'm def making it my life's mission to see every cirque show in existance b4 i die! :)))) the husband was so thrilled by the show he was *eager* to buy a souvenir from the gift shop lol, i thought was so cute.. days later and he's still hyped about the show lol :) so thank u KA for being the absolute highlight of our whole vegas trip (our official honeymoon/1st wedding anniv!)
5	Ka is one of the most innovative, creative, jaw-dropping, and mesmerizing Cirque de Soleil acts that Vegas has to offer! The reviews aren't lying, as this is voted as one of the top shows on various tourist Vegas websites.Unlike other Cirque de Soleil shows, Ka has a driven plot, in which it narrates the coming of age of a young man and woman through their encounters with love, death, and hardships. The show itself is absolutely amazing with the creative use of a moving stage and CGI effects, that will keep the audience at the edge of their seats.I thoroughly enjoyed Ka's creative uses of certain characters (that turtle, starfish, and crab!) as it will elicit laughter and warm responses from the audience. Not only that, but the music score is amazing and appropriate for each scene, bringing seamless transition between acts and highlighting the climaxes.This is a great show for families and friends. The audience will fall in love with the cast (don't forget about the long-haired Tarzan adorned in body glitter!), pyro projections, martial arts choreography, and gravity-defying performances. TIP - Ka is doing a spring promotion where tickets are 50% off, with prices starting as low as $50! Take advantage of this deal as it is supposed to end through June 2014.
2	We came here last night 5/10. Paid relatively huge amount for this so we were expecting a spectacular show. I came out disappointed. We were advised to seat after the 8th row since we were told there will be fire but there were only one scene with it and didn't even last long. Now that I am reading other reviews, it was really unfortunate about the fatal incident that they needed to change the last scene with projections. It was a very long part and it was the climax. Given that, they could've at least lessen the price. 2 stars for the amazing acrobats. I wasn't impressed with the storyline or the martial arts.
2	Dear KA, thank you for replacing the scene where the unfortunate performer lost her life with a 16-bit video game montage that lasted for nearly twenty minutes without lowering the price of your production by a cent.  Certainly not my 'style' of performance it was as a gift to my mother and aunt during their visit that we attended the show at The MGM and truly impressed by the athleticism throughout the show along with the costumes I cannot say the storyline did much for me at all.  Admittedly awe-struck by much of the show and the acrobatics suffice it to say that any semblance 'wow' factor was completely undermined by the lackluster penultimate scene and although I was unlikely to ever pay for a Cirque performance again even before that it is a veritable guarantee that I'll not do so again now.
3	This was a ok show but don't pay full price. I wish we had seen it before they changed the last part of the show. The change just made the show drag and didn't  really fit in with the rest of the live action. As for the live part it could have been  better. I think it's time they took a step back and re-worked the show. The sets are great they just need to freshen up the show to match the amazing sets. It's  best if your not a night owl to see the early show because it's slow in places and you might fall asleep.
1	I had high expectations as I had heard wonderful things but honestly the terrible computer graphics/hologram at the end just ruins the whole show. There were some cool acrobatics but I've seen better in some of their traveling shows.Apparently what they were best known for was the vertical fighting scene which is the finale, and since the performer died in 2013 they replaced it with a ridiculous 1980s video game looking thing where you can't even tell what is happening...Seriously, if they no longer feel safe doing that then just do a new scene with a normal fight or something. The graphics was just stupid and confusing and made me just feel very disappointed in what would have otherwise been a very cool show.
4	I've seen several Cirque du Soleil shows and Ka is definitely at the top of the list. These shows are absolutely amazing and unbelievable. The people who make up these shows are incredibly talented and have mind-blowing stunts. The show is entertaining from start to finish and when it was over I wanted to see more. I have a real respect for the acrobats in this show. I have trouble putting into words what I have seen these acrobats do. Their skills are one-of-a-kind.
5	I love the theater and this is probably my all time favorite show.  Something about the theater being built just for this show ups the ante and the "wall" is just awesome.  This is perfect for 'dragging " the hubby to because it reminds me of all the bad sci-fi movie sets men watch....but don't let that fool you.  It is an awe inspiring, well produced show.  I have seen it several times.  Probably my second favorite theater and production was Lion King in Toronto at the Princess of Wales theater.  Highly recommend.Oh, I guess I am unsure if they still cut out the last part.  Some people are still saying that they have changed it.  I guess I am referring to the show prior to the accident.  It is sad, but all of these performers are performing risky, highly skilled acts.  There is an inherent risk.  I hope they are able to work out an appropriate way to replace that act.
5	Totally one of a kind and beautiful! The costumes and amazing and the movement in the stage is awesome!
2	I enjoyed Ka a few years ago and chose to rewatch it instead of seeing a different Cirque show because I felt my husband (who has never been to a Cirque show) would enjoy it's thematics.  Still a fun show with some surreal moments and bits of comedy mixed into the action.  However I am perplexed by their decision to replace the final battle with a poor projection.  I understand the reason being the fatal accident last year but other parts of the show use the same wiring and harnesses and the main issue really is the poor quality of the projection.  It's out of focus and seemingly low quality, it really detracts from the overall enjoyment of the show.  Honestly it ruins it.  Instead of a big epic finale, you get a long boring bad quality projection that you can't tell what is happening so you just wait for it to end.  I hope the producers of the show read these reviews and find a way to rework the show with a different scene instead of using that awful video.  It completely cheapened the expensive experience and I cannot recommend the show until they make changes.  I would have appreciated a note citing the change to the production before we purchased tickets.
2	The show is five-stars up until the end. Then, due to the death of a performer in a previous show, they replaced the final battle scene with a CGI video. This completely disrupts the momentum and flow of the performance. It's so baffling that it will compromise all of the previous acts in the show and you will not be able to think about anything else, unfortunately.They could have reworked the final battle scene to make it safer but they did the worst thing possible and put a video up on a screen, which is insulting and leaves the audience dumbfounded with no going back. It's very unfortunate because this used to be a great show. I recommend O and Mystere instead.
5	Good show for everyone.  A lot of action.  People flying all over the place.  Entertaining and full of action.  If you wear glasses bring them because the stage is far off, and you might not be able to catch everything without them.
2	WOW! I expected this show to be mind blowing but instead got something that barely held my attention at times. The guy that was sitting next to me was so bored he fell asleep for most of the show. There were however, parts of the show that were pretty awesome though, but not enough to feel that the ticket prices are justified. This is not one of the better Cirque Du Soleil shows in my opinion. I've seen better for sure. I wouldn't have been so annoyed by this show, and probably would have gave it three stars if they didn't present the final battle scene on a crappy low budget projector! I mean c'mon now! It could have at least been in high quality! Me and my friend kinda felt ripped off or cheated by that. They should advise you before you purchase your tickets that the final fight scene, which is the climax of the show, will be presented in low quality from a projector onto the stage. With our tickets at 165 dollars a pop, I expected them to at least put together a replacement scene and give the people their moneys worth! Never again.
5	Thus show was so beautiful and the people are so talented. I can't believe how brave all these people are, I could never put on a show like that. It was fun although I did watch it by myself.
2	I actually thought Ka was better than Mystere. Both plots are vague and you really have to watch to follow, but Ka was a bit less vague and actually showed progression through the characters, even if the audience was left to jump a few conclusions. There was one part though that was just unbelievably ridiculous. They used some video game looking designs and we were basically watching action on a screen. Um, no. But other than that, some solo/duo scenes were breathtakingly beautiful, which is why I'll fork up two stars.Funny though, at the end, when the cast comes out,you'll notice that the majority of them is Asian (we folks are good at acrobatics, I guess?) LOLI excitedly paid around $170 for two tickets, with front and center seats, but I will definitely not be back to watch Ka again.
2	I was actually very disappointed by this show! There was not much in the way of acrobatics and I've seen far better Cirque shows and performances. It was a bummer because our group was really looking forward to it. The most impressive part was easily the stage. Whoever designed that stage is an absolute genius! Other than that though, I'd advise finding a different show.
1	They screwed up. Had seen the show before the accident happened, but now I came to see it again and they totally ruined it. They've changed almost the entire show with very little acrobatics and nearly no battles. Not to mention the final "epic" battle which is now a poor quality video projection. They should have removed the show instead of making it awful. Shame on you Cirque, seen many others amazing productions and this one just doesn't deserve anymore to be under the Cirque brand.
5	So amazing! I had never seen a Las vegas show before so I didnt know what to expect and lets just say that KA went above and beyond my imagination! It tells a story that touches your heart and excites the senses. By the time the show was over most of us were standing and clapping like mad and I'm not ashamed to say I had a tear in my eye. If you can only see one show in Vegas make sure it's KA!! You will NOT be disappointed :-)
5	This was my second Cirque Du Soleil show that I've watched. I very much enjoyed watching Ka. I did come into this with a bigger expectation only because the first show I've seen was O. O has a much larger stage and audience seating and it was a water show. Ka on the other had is more focused on the choreography of martial arts combined with some aerial stunts However I did not walk out disappointed. The story line of the show is pretty obvious. There was not a single second where I didnt understand. I did read some of the yelp reviews and I still dont understand how some people can miss the storyline. They do have a narrator explaining the two characters in the beginning of the show. The stage is small and the audience seating isnt quite large however it plays an advantage to the audience because there really isnt a seat that has bad viewing. We had a seat in the back tier but it was still pretty close to the stage. There is no balcony seating.  The production of the show I think did a good job. Switching from one scene to another following the two characters was done gracefully and if you pay attention to the scenes, the softer scenes & the more action packed scenes contrast very well. Because the production is smaller, it allowed the actors to interact with the audience. They come off the stage and interact with us which I thought was cool! The staff that helped us to our seats were organized and in character. During the show there was a part where it was all video. It is suppose to be a fighting scene and it is normally performed by the performers. However about a year ago, there was an accident involving one of the performers so now they do that scene using video rather than the actual performers. So hopefully that explains alot before jumping into conclusions saying that it was stupid. (Comments from other yelp review) Other than that, the show overall was good and I personally enjoyed it!
2	This is a tuff review... The first time seeing the show, before the finale was modified, was an easy 5 stars. It was a favorite of mine that i recommended to everyone! However, the second time, after the finale was modified, the show was missing a major component of its core essence... (Last paragraph is the bottom line)That is a tuff statement for me to make. I do not want to show a lack of respect to all the performers and the separate elements of the show, and i certainly don't want to show a lack of respect to the deceased performer and her family... But the show just is not the same.Awhile back there was an episode of Modern Marvels based on Ka. It was very clear, in the episode, that what set this show apart from the rest was the advanced theatre and stage technology. A significant display of that impressive technology, was the amazing finale. This is literally what  lured me in to see Ka in the first place, and i was not disappointed at all! Bottom line: Ka is still a really good show, but it hardly stands up to what it was. If the finale must be modified, then i hope it continues to evolve, because the current version might as well be removed all together.
4	I saw Ka many years ago, when it first came to the MGM Grand, and I have to say, I hated it that first time. I always considered it one of the worst Cirque shows I had seen.After many years of avoiding a return to this show, even though my BF had never seen it, I finally caved in and went to an early showing. Boy, am I glad I did.The show, like all Cirque shows, has changed quite a bit, and though there are still parts that leave me wondering WTF (like the digital scenes) the show has improved immensely! I found myself thoroughly entertained and entranced by many of the performances. The sheer enormity of the stage, the movement, the coordination involved from performers to lighting to movement. It's awesome!
4	What a great performance! They must have had to practice a lot to get their acts right. Every single act was nicely done. I was so sleepy due to lack of sleep (why sleep when you are in Vegas?) but I was fully awake throughout the show.
5	Visually stunning! Don't go in thinking you will get a full on acrobatic show. If you look at Ka as a musical of some sort, you will not be disappointed. Music is so beautiful and really deserves a lot of recognition. What a great show!
2	I read reviews for movies, restaurants and products all the time. How did I forget to read the reviews before dropping $200 on this show I don't know. I've always wanted to see it. I heard they changed it after a performer died, but I still thought it would be good. I was wrong. I wish I had seen it years ago before they changed it. We were not impressed, and there's too many other shows to see.  It was my girlfriends first Cirque show, and she didn't like it. Where's the acrobatics she asked? I didn't have an answer, as I was wondering the same thing. Go see Mystere or O at Bellagio if you want a Cirque de Soleil show, chances are you'll be disappointed with this one.
4	Saw several years ago.I thought the show was amazing! Loved how the performers ended up being not just on the stage in front of me but also in the wings to each side and in the back of the theater. It is amazing the way they manipulated the actual stage itself. Never seen anything like it. Would highly recommend.
5	I liked the show and I saw it two times with my friends. Very unusual stage! The show is based on a story, that's why it was even more interesting to watch it. The hall (the theater) is sooo impressive and beautiful!
2	No. No. No. And No. Not what I expected. Not thrilling, Not exciting, and NOT worth the price. (Whatever that may be because my tickets were compd)I must admit, the costumes were pretty dope! The theatre was awesome and clearly they have put in a ton of mulah into all that equipment used on stage but holy cow, this was a painfully boring show! There were a couple scenes that had me but for the majority of the show I struggled staying awake. This was a very long play...with great sound effects and beautiful background projection scenes. However, the performances were boring and mediocre. That battle scene that was taken out due to the tragic accident appeared to have been the highlight of this show. This was replaced with cartoon montage...looked cool but must have been awesome seeing the real thing. I would never pay full price to see this, but if they offer discounted tickets, for sure worth snagging a couple.
5	So this type of thing is not exactly my cup of tea, however as much as try not to enjoy Cirque De Soleil, I can't help it! They are just amazing.Ka was just full of unbelievable stunts and tricks, I was just in awe. It had a weird bit where it was just a movie on a screen, but I can forgive that, as the rest was faultless. The performers are just so incredibly talented you can't help but be spellbound.To top it off Sharon Stone bumped into me in the line to go in and apologized to me. I was dumbstruck, which is a pretty rare occurrence for me, as I like to talk. I mean Sharon Stone in Vegas! Casino and stuff, it was just too cool.Anyway, go see the show, you wont be sorry.
5	too good to be missed!!! one of the best shows in vegas that is a must visit!! yes, it's kinda pricey but its worth a penny.. and you can always browse in the internet to get a good deal.. because thats what i did!spectacular!!! n the stage setting n acting n acrobatic n everything is WOW! speechless...
3	3 rows back,dead center..missed the show going on on the side walls. Story was kind of hard to follow, but entertaining. The two gymnasts inside the rolling wheels were awesome! They should have an announcement as to what the premise of the story is at the beginning
5	This is by a smudge the best show in Vegas when it comes to Cirque style shows, in my opinion. I've seen all the old Cirque shows, including Zumanity, Beatles, Elvis, O, and even Le Reve, but KA stands out as the best.I loved the theater. Once, I sat at the second to last row and I felt that they were one of the best seats in the house just because you're able to see the whole theater. The show isn't just on the stage, but the whole theater is the stage at certain parts of the show. The mechanics of the props are amazing. The pace is perfect, there's fineness, a plot, and characters I liked. My favorite part was probably the way the stage changes as well as the shadow puppets. See this show, you won't regret it!
2	Very disappointing. I wouldn't recommend this show. Of all the cirque's, this is my least favorite. After the tragedy of a performers death on the last scene (the vertical wall) they changed it to a hologram.  In my opinion this ruined the show for me. The last scene could have been so powerful with live performers and instead I saw a projected image. I would definitely go see Mystere or another cirque that actually performs the entire time instead and not waste the money on Ka.
5	Never having been to a cirque du solei show I wasn't really sure what to expect. My mom got us both tickets during a girls weekend in Vegas. Coming in to the theatre there is an exciting air of mystery. The attendants that help you find your seat have amazing costumes on and remain in character as well as serve as entertainment as you await for the performance to begin. The show its self is captivating and the performers are brilliant! SEATING TIPS **We got tickets in the 3rd row which was awesome, however for this particular show I would suggest sitting as far back from the stage as possible. Part of the performance is done towards the middle of the audience so if you don't want to have to crane your neck backwards sit further back. At the beginning the stage also rises for part of the performance and again it's a bit harder to see if you're sitting close to the front.
5	Awesome theater Awesome stage Awesome show, One of the coolest shows I've ever seen!
3	I wanted so badly to love this show but walked out annoyed. The stage is amazing. The beginning and the middle were captivating but too much dead time sprinkled in throughout and by dead time I mean the comical bits that are used as a tool to distract you/set the stage for the next scene (i.e. the sand pit part). The gripe I have about Ka is they failed to provide a climax and therefore lost me by the end of the show. The part of the show where it's supposed to be an epic battle scene on the vertical stage was not done live and instead was a previously recorded scene that was displayed across one of the stages. I was so confused watching this and the entire time they showed it I kept thinking, "What the hell are they doing? Why isn't this live? Why am I watching this video? WHY AREN'T THEY DOING THIS BIT LIVE?!" I'm assuming that's the part of the show when a late performer's cable snapped and fell to her death, and if so, they should have re-choreographed that part of the show or done away with it completely. Watching a recording of it just left me, well, unsatisfied. It was incomplete for me.
1	I go on yelp to look up reviews but never rate anything.  I don't care enough to take the time...until now.  I've wanted to see Ka for a couple years now and was always impressed by what I saw online.  Worst mistake ever!  I actually kept asking my husband if we could leave during the show. It was horrible. 5 good minutes when they came out with the wheel and the 2 guys killed it! The other hour was a complete waste of my valuable Vegas time & money! I was so sad that I picked that as my ANNV gift to my hubby.  Don't go!
1	Can we do minus stars???this was so slow and boring...alot of barking and animal sounds - annoying guys jumping up every so often..COMPLETE waste of money....we couldnt wait for it to be over....IMO Michael Jackson and O are MILLION times better...
5	If you are in Vegas I'll definitely recommend you go to see the Ka! Even though these tickets are a little pricy they are well worth it! Any cirque du soleil show is breath taking with all their acrobatic moves, but this one was on a whole new level!From beginning to end their story was captivating filled with action and excitement. The whole atmosphere of the room is great! Their seats are awesome, each seat has their own music system built in. And their stage is over the top crazy, it moves!!If you are looking for a show to watch, I'll definitely recommend this one!
1	This show was horrible.  I had high expectations for it since it has been around for awhile. I think this show was a complete waste of money. I was bored during the whole show. This show is very slow paced and there not a lot of action. I wish I would've seen  O instead. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
4	It's been a few years since I've seen this show, but I remember it pretty well.  The things that stand out are how well the story line evolved, how epic and real everything felt, and how well the typical Cirque acrobatics were tied into the plot.  I feel like that last part is challenging.  A lot of shows have a bit of story progression (if there's a plot at all), and then jump into some artistic scene with people jumping around and/or dancing.  However, this show melds the two almost seamlessly.  The acrobatics, stage mechanics, and story are all top notch and it's one of my favorite Cirque shows. If you want feel like you're on 'shrooms go see Mystere.  If you want a really terrific and creative show, go see KA.  Better yet, see them both!
3	I've seen 8 or more Cirque shows and, while the performers were good and the costumes & scenery were really interesting, the story line was really difficult to follow.  The show seemed shorter with few spotlight performances.  Still fun to see but I would probably recommend other Cirque shows before this one
5	My first Vegas show and it was amazing!! I had a difficult time choosing between which shows to take my family when we went down for my dad's birthday years back. Located inside MGM, the hotel we were staying, it made it easier to choose. Also the fact that they had sent my dad a special offer for free room, discounted VIP seats, and credits for dining. The choice was between a bigger discount for Ka or a lesser discount at any other Cirque du soleil show. Asking my friends, it was a close race between Ka and O. Feeling like I'll try to watch O this trip since we're staying at the Bellagio.. for my dad's birthday hahaBack on point, there are no photos or recording during the show. It's dimly light, very exciting. It's not a scary show at all, but if you have easily frighten children, don't let them sit in the aisle seats.There's a story to it, so try to follow along as they don't use words at all. I thought it was action filled and spectacular. I didn't want it to end. Great show for family and dates.
4	I really liked the theme of the show and the theatre. The stage is the main attraction and it's impressive from a mechanical point of view. The physical perfomances were very good and the it's very entertaining. The only bad thing is the final scene is digital which is a bit of a let down. I know that a female performer died in that scene but watching the final scene on a huge TV is a little strange. Anyhow overall the show is actually amazing and worth going. I would buy tickets as close to the stage as possible; the theatre is very large and cheap seats are not ideal. Only one scene is set high so it would be an issue like some other CDS shows. The stage is still the main thing about the show...wow.
3	Firstly, let's get my own subjective viewpoint out of the way. I have a HUGE respect for what these people do. It's daring, it's risky, and it takes years and years of dedicated training. If I'm ever asked about Cirque by someone who's never been? I zealously tell them to go. I've been to three, and plan on going to many, many, more.That said... the notorious "climax" for this show just isn't there. The digital replacement is not only, well, a digital replacement, but a shoddy one at that. It's blurry, and it's extremely difficult to even see what's going on. This is a prime example in the importance of a solid ending. The rest of the show had brilliant moments, but even then, the story dwindled sporadically, and relied on the acrobatics to keep your attention.It's all about a ratio of enjoyment to cost, and though the enjoyment WAS there, it just wasn't worth the $100 ticket cost. I know it seems tempting since it's slightly cheaper than "O" or any of the other more acclaimed Vegas shows, but my advice? Just spring the extra $30 and go for one of those! KA has some tuning up to do!
2	Most boring of the shows I've seen by far. I now realize the holograph ending was put in place after the tragic accident that happened last year but the end should have been re-choreographed. It was so anticlimactic. I fell asleep at least 3-4 times. The music was beautiful as was the stage but not nearly enough to compensate. I used MyVegas points and paid $86 for two $108 seats. Even with that I still felt my night would have been better spent on the strip. Skip this one unless you're into dance and baton twirling only.
4	My family and I came here a few years ago ( I know, late review! ). It was a very awesome Cirque.My brother had college discounts, so he hooked it up and we saved $30 per ticket in our family. Wouldn't mind watching it again if given the opportunity.
1	was very excited to see this show after all of the raves. I have previously seen Mystere and Zumanity... Both of which set the bar pretty high and then I saw Ka tonight and was heavily disappointed.  I kept waiting to be wow - ed.it moved along quite slowly with less happening and many sections dragged on. The music was slow and lullaby like and because some scenes were so long and repetitive I struggled to stay alert and found myself drifting to sleep on numerous occasions.The 2nd to last scene is all projected and is of a very very low quality of projection and is quite long... A huge let down. I know last year a performer fell and passed away during this scene... hence it having been changed to being a projection (film) of the performance.. but the quality was terrible and blurry and really let down the whole show. i struggled to keep up with the storyline at this time as the characters were not clear. This part of the show should be re choreographed and rethought as it has no effect except for bringing the quality of the whole show down.The one good thing about this show is the story line. and if u like to watch capoeira.I would highly reconsider seeing this show if u really want an impressive show.... GO TO MYSTERE instead!!!!!Mystere has large variety of type of acts and talents. i thought mysteres stage was a higher quality (sometimes i could see tramps backstage and characters waiting to come on stage) it moves along through the acts fast leaving u with wanting more (not yawning wondering when it will move on), there is a full live band and singers, a much larger  cast.. in all honesty during mystere i onstantly had goosebumps and got teary eyed during  because the whole performance was so powerful and i found myself overwhelmed with the quality and amount of things happening. I wish I didn't go to Ka and spent the money on another show.
1	It seemed like a good show but we arrived just after it started and our expensive seats were taken. When we got there and picked up the tickets. They didn't say anything about our seats being filled or possibly accidentally taken. When sat they made it seem like it was a big deal and had us sit in partial view spots. Thinking it might be ok, I waited till the end to talk to box office but they said I should have just walked out. The manager of the theater said it was our fault. I have never been treated like just a dollar sign. They just want your money.
1	I was very excited for this show and sadly, even more disappointed. When you walk in, it looks like it will be amazing. The architecture looks like something out of disneyland, I took my seat and could hardly wait for the show to start; then, the show started.Several members of the cast are out of sync which is highly distracting. During almost every scene you will see the entire cast which is present at that moment just standing still while a single performer does repetitive moves that are not entertaining for excess of 5 minutes. Randomly, some porn-star Tarzan enters the storyline for no apparent reason. Several of the scenes, different members of the cast would mess up, again, it was quite distracting. The room was too hot, they need to turn up the AC. There is an impressive dragon outside of the theater entrance but sadly, no dragon ever comes into the show. Wait, no, scratch that, if you like shadow puppets, you'll see a dragon for about a minute before some horrible fight scene occurs.Everything about this show is outdated. The music is like a bad 80's rock style opera that has enticing highs and melodic lows. Honestly, the music was the best part. I found myself checking my watch multiple times, eager to leave and call it a night after that disappointment. For what you get, this show is extremely over priced. Trust me, don't go and waste your time or your money.BE WARNED!!!!There is a scene (probably 30 minutes into the storyline) where a bright, hot white flash occurs. It blinded me for over five minutes and gave me a headache. At the end of the show, they set off hot white fireworks that blinded not only me, but every single person around my area. We were all looking in other directions and shielding our faces.I heard that there was good fire scenes in this show too, trust me, there aren't It's mainly just bad storyline with over drawn scenes that will put you to sleep.Cirque Du Soleil should be ashamed to have their name associated with this sham.
4	This is the 3rd Cirque-type of show that I was able to watch (seen Zumanity and the Beatles Love) and I will say that this was the best of the three. In the beginning, they had a skit where they had pulled someone from the audience and trashed his camera and cell phone....the message they were trying to relay if you had any of those because they are not allowed LOLThe show itself was pretty cool...it had a story line so it wasn't too boring. I'm always interested by acrobatic performances so that kept my attention during the whole show....some parts made my heart stop because the performers where not harnessed LOLOverall it is a good show and would recommend it!
2	Of all the Cirque shows, I felt like this was the most underwhelming. It was missing the awe that I expect when I see a Cirque show. The story also didn't make much sense. The performers were strong and graceful, but the acts were boring. At one point, I felt like I was watching a show from circus circus. And the graphics in one of the acts seemed really dated. Don't waste your money on this one.
3	Simply put.  In a smaller theater this show could have been amazing.  The production value is fantastic.  The minute detail is difficult to appreciate from anywhere but front row.  The story line detracts from the overall performance.    And the CGI fight scene following the high level Wheel of Death Performance was disappointing. Perhaps the directors should rewrite the scene if it is impossible to safely perform  live.
1	A friend purchased tickets for myself and my wife as a gift. When I showed up to will call the lady at the counter checked my ID and confirmation number which were correct, the proceeded to ask for the credit card which of course I did not have because it was a gift. She was insistent on not letting us inside even though I showed all my information and told her it was a gift. I asked to speak with a manager who said the same thing, she even had the audacity to tell me to pay for them again on the spot. These tickets were almost 200$ each!!! A gentlemen next to me picking up tickets showed solely his ID and was able to pick up his tickets with no issue. We left without being able  to see the show, which I'm sure is a great one. But we'll never know. The customer service or lack thereof is appalling. We were so excited to be able to see this highly reviewed show and left without seeing it and not even an apology, I will not recommend this cirque du soleil at least KA to anyone. Be careful if you're buying tickets as a gift or getting one as a gift!
4	Our family of 5 went to this show.  We really enjoyed it.  The theatre was impressive even before the show began.  We were all amazed at the stage and what they could do with it.  The performances were awesome. Two reasons for not giving it 5 stars: price and tempo.  The tempo was kind of slow at times, when it was rockin it was really rockin but when it was slow I got sleepy.  And the price, the price ($100 each) made it tough for me to enjoy it when I have to buy 5 tickets.  That's not their fault but it's how I felt.  We saw "V the variety show" the next night ($50 each) and, frankly, it was a lot more entertaining.  The whole family loved it.
2	This is the second time I've seen KA and sadly they totally changed the ending of the show! Yes they had a major accident last year with the death of a cast member. But as many yelpers have mentioned they literally took out the best scene in the entire show and replaced it with some cheap blurry CGI wannabe fight scene! I mean cmon isn't this suppose to be Vegas?? Go BIG OR GO HOME! The show also seemed to lack that energy level I remember when they first opened. Maybe they've lost that passion after performing for so long. Yes i was literally falling asleep instead of staying engaged during our show. Knowing the and personally knowing and meeting the original caste members they would definitely be disappointed in what the show has turned into.Anyway for those considering seeing this show i would say save your money or at least do NOT pay full price and use those deal sites or book through mlife. You will be disappointed if you pay for this one.
3	Saw Ka last night for the second time and I left feeling very disappointed (and kind of duped). I was traveling with friends/family and invested in VIP tickets so they could share the same experience I had when I saw Ka the first time. Well, had I known they completely removed the vertical fight scene, I would have never spent the kind of money I did. I understand after the 2013 tragedy the show must go on, but be up front with customers about it. The low-quality video that replaced the most amazing scene I have personally ever seen on a stage was a huge let-down. It was confusing and appeared a short-cut in the entire story line. I genuinely hope they someday revert to the life action that made Ka the most impressive Cirque show in Vegas. In the meantime, "O" is back on top.
5	My mission is to see every Cirque show there is :-)I LOVED KA!  It had a great story and the action really kept me on the edge of my seat and turning in circles to see the action all over the theater.  I was anxious to see the big fight scene at the end.  I had read about the performer who died last year during that scene.  So I have to admit that I was disappointed that they replaced that whole scene with a video.But... I get it.  A person died.  Maybe that was the resolution to ensure everyone's safety and still keep the show going.Still an excellent show and I would totally go watch it again.
3	The theatre is beautiful and the staff fantastic, but I was very disappointed with the lack of acrobatics in this cirque show. As a theatrical production, it has a great storyline, breathtaking sets and great costuming. But, as a cirque show I was left wanting more. The most entertaining part was the men on the spinning contraption, flipping and jump roping through the air. MYSTERE at Treasure Island is a better show.
3	Saw this show tonight. It was a little slower than I expected but we went to the 930 show so maybe I was just sleepy. The show was good but the end CGI sequence was a waste. It made the ending super confusing. After reading other reviews I guess they changed it, kind of wish we would have picked another show...
5	Wonderful show... simply mind blowing! Don't miss this jaw dropping experience.
5	I thought this was going to be like an average Cirque Du Soleil show and I've seen a bunch of them.  But it wasn't average at all.  It was amazing!!  I was blown away by it.  I don't want to give too much away but the stage was so cool.  I would definitely recommend this show to everyone.  Also, don't take your seat right away.  Stay outside and a little before the show, performers come out and play the World's Largest Harp.  It's located outside the bar, you have to look up.  It was pretty cool.  Overall, one of the best things I've ever done in Vegas (and I've been dozens of times).
5	Loved it.  The entire experience from the time the doors to the theater open and all the staff helping people get seated are all in costumes and character,  to the fact that the whole theatre is used as a stage during the show not just one linear stage.  Theres a lot going on and it was very very enjoyable to watch.  Even go so far as to have a very creative and entertaining way to discourage camera and cell phone use during the show. It was visually amazing to see and we were both impressed and enjoyed the show.  It doesnt seem like there would be any bad seats but we were in the middle of the theater as well as center stage and the view was awesome. I would highly recommend it!
5	Wonderful!What a show! Easy entrance. The employees are SO nice! They're very helpful and funny when finding your seat. They talk and joke around with everyone in the audience. The show is spectacular. I love the story line and the costumes. These performers are so talented and strong. They really put on a great show. I don't want to give too much away, but I really can't imagine anyone not enjoying the show. Just go, and you will enjoy it. There's a lot of effort put into the story, the performance, and the stage set up and you can tell!The only thing, is that one of the last scenes includes some sort of projection screen of people climbing up and down the wall. This is the scene that was previously the actual performers doing the acts going up and down, but has been changed to projection since Sarah Guillot-Guyard passed away. It's a very traumatizing thing to have a performer pass during the act. I almost feel that they should just remove the scene altogether. But it is not my decision. The other thing... If you play MyVegas you should use your points on this! I used mine on two tickets for the show and we got row D seats 1 and 2. It was a fantastic location and the tickets retailed at $140 each! Can't go wrong with a great cirque show for free in Vegas.
1	Ok, really? Shadow Puppets on the Vegas Strip?Really, I'm Serious.A Video game - it was like watching your kids play on their playstation 3.I would not suggest any one pay their hard earned money to see KA. Two thumbs down... Go see Mystere at Treasure Island.  The Story line was aweful... the aerial display was old and tired.  I have seen better on "America's Got Talent."Please, Please, Please don't waste your money or time.  Unless you own a time machine and can go back in time before you made the decision to buy the tickets.
5	WOW, I loved the show!   It was beautiful and the stage was amazing.   The stage can be acclimated to be perpendicular to the floor and the people who are performing are seriously risking their lives to perform.   I could watch this several times and I am not one who watches things a second time, once I've seen it.   I think it is one of the must sees in Vegas.   Some of these people's stunts are really dangerous and executed it flawlessly.   The whole thing is just wow,   I am excited to see other Cirque Du Soleil shows now.
2	I'm sorry but I have enjoyed EVERY single Cirque Du Soleil show..... except KA.I felt KA was too theatrical and less about performance. I have seen The O Show, Zumanity, Mystere, and KA.
3	This is my second Cirque Du Soleil show i've seen.  I had big expectations after first seeing O.  This was a good show don't get me wrong but I definately loved O.  I left KA liking it but not loving it.  The performers were awesome but that couple minutes of watching a projector/video game scene needs to go.  People pay a pretty penny and I understand that there was an accident with a previous show but I really feel they need to change that part of the performance.  We used the companion deal on MY VEGAS which was good but I would suggest seeing O over this.  Especially if it is your first Cirque Du Soleil show!
5	Let me begin by saying one word -- AMAZING. Seriously, if you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for? The amount of times I found myself getting chills and felt my mouth drop are endless. The cast did such a brilliant job, and the music was just beautiful. I would definitely say it is a MUST do when you visit Vegas!
3	The show was okay.  My seats were not as good as when I saw zurkana so I may be biased in that aspect.  There are some amazing scenes: fight on the boat and the vertical wall.  But there are a lot of slow scenes as well. The scenes that they tried to make funny we're not funny at all.  And the fighting all though was very good, got very repetitive.  Most people love this show.  I unfortunately am not one of them.
4	I would give this 5 stars if the vertical battle was live...but I knew going into this show that it would be a projection and bought the tickets anyway!This show is amazing!  The athleticism and production are nothing short of spectacular.  The performers' abilities to maneuver on the revolving stage is something to marvel at.  There is so much to take in at this show that a second viewing is probably in order.  The performance does occasionally extend out into the audience, such as the pre show and some of the battle scenes.  The story is very cohesive and easy to follow.  Every performer has their moment in the spotlight to showcase their athleticism.  Well, almost every performer.This leads into the epic vertical battle scene near the end that is now displayed as a projection against the vertical stage because a performer tragically fell to her death during a performance.  I applaud their attempt to ensure further safety to their performers but that battle scene is definitely missed.  The projection is blurry making it hard to distinguish the performers from each other, save for the imperial twins due to their green and red costumes.  YouTube KA live battle scene and you'll be able to see what really happened during that battle scene.  For instance, SPOILER ALERT, I did not know that the forest creatures and the glittery dude were aiding the twins in battle!  I thought it was the Imperial guards versus the tattooed archers.  And the prince's body guard/companion was also lending them a hand here too!  I also knew the counselor's son was taken down by the twins in this battle but I couldn't make it out  clearly from the projection.  So because the LIVE battle was cut, you don't get to see the counselor's son display his athleticism in the show.  His other scenes include walking around with a huge bravado, laughing maniacally and making grand gestures with his arms.  Such a shame because the performer was so good in this role! Also, the firefly boy (glittery dude) and the creatures didn't get much time to do some cool aerial scenes.  Sure, they had some trapeze-ish moments in the forest when they make their first appearance, and while they were very beautiful and graceful, they were really tamed.The soundtrack is also incredible.  There was a blend of opera, rock, ballads and hyms.  I particularly love the music whenever the counselor's son was center stage, the rock opera number was so grand and powerful and portrayed his character so vividly.  Again, the performer did a phenomenal job in this role (and such a shame that he didn't get more live time due to the cut scene).  The other comedic twins, (chaperones maybe?) served as comedic relief and had some interesting scenes.  They also even got their moment on the VERTICAL stage.  So despite the blurry projection, this show is still worth seeing.  Prior to the show, I knew the epic battle would be modified, but I got to admit that when the projection came on, I was still a bit disappointed.  And finally, there is not one bad seat in the theater.  My party sat in section 201 (side seats), row GG, and we could still see everything!  The theater isn't massive and the revolving stage allows everyone in the audience a clear view.  Enjoy!
1	Worst show in Vegas. I come from a small town and like visiting the big city to see the sights, but this was a waisted night. Love is a much better show (almost worth the trip to vegas)! I havent seen any other shows in Vegas yet, but the premise of KA is that the story line is boring, people are just speaking gibberish (no talking the entire time), tons of spinning and dancing with sticks, one-two scenes of typical acrobatics, and an awkward video/cartoon movie randomly plays instead of real people. But to their credit some people in the audience actually stood up to clap and a lot of people liked it. Terrible taste in my opinion. Nothing original the entire time.
1	Loved the show. Hated the concessions.  I was upset because I paid $500 for two tickets.  For this amount of money all I wanted was to enjoy the show and more importantly the experience.  However the sound of a giant bucket of popcorn being consumed next to me was a distraction.  The crunching and knawling at her giant bucket made me want to vomit.  Yes the lady also licked her fingers.   I understands that shows are expensive but I consider it a travesty that concessions sell barrels of popcorn to be crunched while I try to enjoy the show.  For me the experience was compromised.  As stated the show was very nice, but it will be my last Cirque du Soleil,  I just wouldn't feel comfortable paying for another show and running into the same experience.  When is charging enough....enough?  Does popcorn really go with such a show?  What next in this shameless fleecing of the public. How about big buckets of Nachos with liquid cheese to go with the show.  And don't forget your beer hat that holds 40 ounces of your favorite Cirque du Soleil beer.  Now to show your appreciation you must have a Cirque du Soleil bugle and big foam #1 finger.  Because they can't expect you to be able to lift yourself out of the seat to clap.
4	Amazing show. Probably one of the best Cirque shows I've been to. I saw a few other shows while in Vegas and this made up for the so-so ones we saw the same weekend. There is a story line and excitement. I would recommend this show to everyone. I would also recommend NOT drinking a 32 oz redbull vodka before the show because you definitely will have to use the restroom in the middle of the show!
5	Great experience. Amazing show! Great for dates and families! The special-effects where exciting.. The stage was crazy!! I couldn't tell you how many stages they had.. . The customer service was Second to none!!
3	This is my first Cirque Du Soleil show, so I didn't know what to expected.From the first moment the show started I was thoroughly impressed.  The music, scenery, and costumes were incredibly.  I found myself enthralled and deeply moved by what was going on.  A couple times I practically jumped out of my seat because of what was going on.  I even though a performer was going to be dropped on me!However, the reason it's only three stars is the final fight scene.  I understand something tragic happened that required them to change what was done.  But that was also a year ago.  They are still going with the horrible looking video.  I couldn't tell who was fighting or anything.  It ruined the huge buildup and was a big letdown.  Again, I know something horrible happened when this was done originally.  But they could have easily changed it by now.It's a great show and will be perfect once they fix that one gripe I have.  I suggest you find a different Cirque Du Soleil show that has each part actually done live.
2	Let me preface this by saying it's not a terrible show, and would be great for taking an entire family to (if you can afford it). It's like many things in Vegas, and is way overpriced for what it is.First, some of the acrobatics were great, of course, but nothing I haven't seen at significantly cheaper carnivals and other shows. Sure, they had lots of energy, and I know it's a lot of work, but there wasn't a whole lot of actual talent, which is what I expected to see; this is Vegas, this is supposed to be top-shelf talent, and you can't even get some peopel who can actually shoot a bow and arrow?It's a very 'busy' show, so I think for many that's all it needs to be in order to be entertained, but if you focused on the individuals, most weren't really doing much. Wow, you can play catch (and drop it a few times), not very impressive. The story was kinda hacky, and the performers themselves aren't mic'd so its like watching a TV show in the Sims 3: cheezy, pointless, and lots of gibberish. The fat lady was completely unnecessary; we get it, fat people are helpless and should be laughed at, but come on, it's an ongoing joke throughout the entire show.As for the show's storyline, it basically involved the fat lady matriach of a clan, two men-women (women dressed as men) fall in love to quell the spat between two lands, and pirate dudes crash the party and capture one of the man-woman. King of the pirates wants his daughter to marry, then the Fu-manchu dude presents his emo son to said daughter. Emo dude's special talents include whipping his hair back and amateur pyrotechnics, emo dude then gives the daughter a baton they pretend is a flute for some reason. Some bullshit goes on with some of the original tribes being lost, pointlessly annoying giant bugs and crabs pop up on the beach and take up 20 minutes of time for some stupid reason. Pirate king's daughter falls in love with the man-woman, and gives him the flute-baton for some reason. He plays it for a minute. She then does a baton routine with said flute (which was pretty decent actually). Eventually, the two men-women are reunited, fu manchu dude had a plan to take over all the tribes, some 'war' footage is displayed in terrible quality, then they do a happy dance. Oh, then they'll do real fireworks, which sounds cool, but super bright white light in a pitch-black theatre does what? Oh yeah, it freaking blinds you, so you can't even see it. So f*cking stupid.As for the actual good parts in the show, the platform was pretty awesome and took some creative engineering. There were hints of actual talent with the baton routine, the hamster cages (you'll see), and the sparkling dude on the corde lisse, and the sets were designed pretty well. But it was also kinda amateurish, I've seen much more impressive acrobatics done by far cheaper acts, and the focus on a lot of stupid bs like the crab and giant centipede, that took up like over 10 minutes of pointlessness, totally made for any 5 year olds in the audience I suppose.We got pretty decent deals ($100/ea, nicely-centered seats in the middle of the arena which are definintely the best seats in the house), but still feel like it was a waste of money.
2	I saw Ka 4 years ago and was blown away! It became my second favorite (Mystere is my fave) until I saw it for the second time last night and became very depressed over the changes that were made. I wish I had not gone to see it again. The Firefly boy dancing with the Princess among the trees was completely cut. This could have easily been converted from a swinging aerial act to a real dance. It would have conveyed the love story between those 2 characters and not have you question why the Princess chooses to marry him after you assume he saves her.Then the final battle.... Yes, I know a performer died accidentally a little over a year ago, but the battle projected on the wall was unacceptable. It did not look right and it was difficult to tell what was happening. Again, this could have been reworked to make the action take place on a horizontal surface than the vertical one.Please make some changes, choreographers! Make this the spectacle it once was instead of the joke it has become.
3	I didn't really like this one. We have been to lots of shows in Las Vegas, but this one was my least favorite. The theatre was really awesome, but the show was not that good. Probably worth going to if you can't find tickets to other shows.
2	We got 2 for 1 tickets at MyVegas rewards (an online game). We had "premium" seats in the fifth row, seats one and two. It would have been better to sit a little further back because for most of the show, those of us in the very close rows had to tilt our heads back to see what was happening in the air above us, or twist our heads all the way to the sides to see what was happening on the side walls of the theater. So far, the Cirque shows we have seen are Love, Mystere, and Michael Jackson, but KA was by far the worst. The show is incredibly long and unbelievably boring. The show consisted mostly of fake fighting and baton twirling. You won't really see any of the awesome stunts that Cirque is known for. The big finale was cut out since the death of one of the performers and replaced by a big screen showing a movie of what the finale used to look like. This should be removed from the show altogether because not only was it anti-climactic, but all I could keep thinking was "this is how that girl died, this is how that girl died." This made me very sad.
4	Probably one of the best Cirque Du Soleil show I've ever seen (I also loved Iris). the stage decor was amazing! The characters and props were stationed around the audience, so it made us feel apart of the show. My only complaint was the battle scene part. I understand a staff member had an unfortunate incident last year, but they could have done the battle scene on solid, flat ground. I thought the projection of the battle scene now is boring and hard to follow. My BF and I were whispering to each other about WTH is going on... other than that, it was worth every penny!
5	When I was younger, seeing a cirque du soleil show in Vegas was never a priority until I finally had the opportunity, a few years back, to experience "The Beatles Love" show. After that, we decided to try to check out as many shows as possible. This would be my 3rd show and I must say, this was the most action packed out of the other two. Right when you walk in to the auditorium the place just looks like something crazy is about to go down. They have this big pit at the front of the stage that's spitting up fire. Strange ninja like warriors come out and start looking and crawling around the audience while people are getting situated. Our seats were located in the front of the middle section but in the very last row for disability purposes. My girl had a roll out seat which made it very easy to get in and out of her seat with a broken leg. The staff was VERY helpful and attentive to her needs and even gave us better seats than what we originally paid for. After the show, one of the workers followed us out and even stopped traffic so we could get out of the building quickly. We thought that was a very nice gesture.As for the show, we loved the creative use of the stage and the stunts performed in this show the best. In Love, your more captivated by the music that goes along with the stuns and the visuals. Here you are untangled in this fascinating story that takes place with these amazing transitions used by the stage in various ways, creating these illusions that blow your mind at times. There are a few slow and simple parts but I believe those were transitions to set things up for something epic.Overall, I would definitely recommend KA to my friends and if the price was right, I'd see it again. Great Job!OOOOO5 out of 5 Afros
5	The best cirque show I've ever seen. I've seen mystere and zarkana in LV and two in NY. The set is very detailed and amazing! The stage can rotate and transform to a backdrop. They have an age limit if 5 if you want to bring your little ones. They do question them at the door. The soundtrack is beautiful too. I definitely recommend this to everyone. They merge technology and art in the most mind blowing ways.
2	While the costumes were great, the show not so much. It didnt have a lot of true cirgue du soleil stuff.  Mostly dancing and some martial arts. It was quite boring and I fell asleep a couple of times.  Also, the last scene where they just show the video is so lame. I realize that the performer died last year but they had plenty of time to create a new scene.  It was more like a play, not Cirgue Du Soleil. I heard great reviews from people that saw it years ago. I didnt realize that this show was changed to remove most Cirgue Du Soleil stuff.  Lame and overpriced!
4	The No1DP was in Vegas earlier this year and saw this Cirque production along with "O". He liked both but he loved Ka so much that the next time we were in Vegas he'd take me here. True to his word, this was one of his surprises.Showtimes Tues-Saturday in the MGM Grand. It's a big show floor but coming from the main entrance (where all the cars stop for drop-offs and valet service) it was only a 5 minute walk to the theater entrance. The area in front of the theater has props that resemble the huts to the sides as you go inside. No1DP picked up his tickets at Will Call. Ticket prices are level with O and Beatles LOVE, which translates to "pretty damn expensive". There's different tiers with different prices for each tier. No1DP and I sat 8 rows from the front as this is actually in the same eye-level as the front of the stage. The very first rows are actually cheaper because the stage is slightly above eye level for those rows. According to the pricing guide where we sat was at least $150/person.Due to the horrendous taxi situation we got there around 9 minutes late so we missed the pre-show performance AND the opportunity to take photos with the set pieces. I also got to miss the best part of the show: the exhibition of the different martial arts that are involved with the story. No1DP mentions had we gotten there too late we wouldn't be allowed to be seated but the ushers were kind enough to seat us after the introduction sequence.What sets Ka from the other Cirque shows is that it tells an original story. The acrobatics and theatrics enhance the story, not the other way around. The story is easy to get even with no spoken dialogue. Ka goes for a fast 90 minutes with no intermission. All parts of the stage are used; No1DP pointed out action happening in the sides I would have missed if I kept my eyes to the center.The only disappointing part about the performance is the climax. One part of the production used to be live but a death occurred and as a result this scene is now projected into the wall. I was quite confused when I saw this and had to research after the fact to know what this was.The shop sold all sorts of memorabilia related to Ka and the other Cirque shows. Unlike a lot of memorabilia around Vegas the items inside the store look quite nice, especially the well-designed shirts. No1DP purchased the program guide which clarified a lot about the story.This brings my number of Cirque shows seen in Vegas to two. I'd definitely recommend this production to other people, especially if they have never seen a Cirque production before.
2	Not the best Cirque show on the LV strip...would be an understatement!  If you have never been to a CDS show, you won't  know the difference. But for those of us who have seen 9+ different CDS shows, Ka will be a HUGE disappointment.  Slow,  boring story, VERY weak "acts" if that is what you call them. I think I could have performed in parts of this show!  If you get the tickets for free or for $20-30, OK.
2	Now I am a huge fan of Cirque, but I am not a fan of Ka.  The scenery was amazing and so were the costumes.  But there was hardly any acrobatic stunts.  And the story was a little off for me.  I would not go again.
5	AMAZING...I never seen a scene like this before, it was enormous taking the whole room as part of the show!!!The story is great and the cirque du soleil crew was at its best again.Great show, great night!
5	Two words, loved it!!:) Amazing performance, after seeing other cirque du soliel shows, I can say this is the best... If you are torn between this and others, go with this, you won't regret it :)
3	Purchased discounted tickets for the show.  The costumes were beautiful and a huge stage.  The show itself was OK, the stunts were amazing.  There were parts of the show, when my husband and I both fell asleep-it's an operaish musical with acrobats. If that is your cup of tea, then you will enjoy it.  For us, we wouldn't go again-to put things in perspective, we loved Jersey Boys, music we were familiar with and a story that we could understand.
5	MIND BLOWING!!!!Im sorry, to those reviewers giving this show anything less than 5 stars must be blind.Just returned back from Las Vegas and witness this act and all I can say is that my jaw is still on the floor. From the minute you're picking up your refreshment, you know this is going to be something unlike before. They have the mood set out just right and look above you cause there will be people playing insturnements. Walking in, they will walk you to your seat cause this place is HUGE! The stage is something I have never witnessed in my life. It has massive, heavy stages the go in and out while spinning 360. To the people who participate in this show,. SPOT ON WITH EVERYTHING! Thank you for your hard work. I can't imagine the constant strain on the body like you guys. A must see show!!! The story line goes along just fine.
5	That was definitely not a waste of ton for money. The show was breathtaking, would definitely see it one more time. And I'm going to other Cirque du Solei's shows for sure
1	Just saw this show. What garbage. It was so bad I walked out 3/4 of the way. Virtually no amazing acts. Mystere and Zarkana and O blow this show out of the water. Severely disappointed especially for what they charge. Invest your money in one of the other Cirque shows. They are way better. This is the weakest one.
1	They completely ruined KA with their changes. We were puzzled why so many seats were empty at the start of the show. Unfortunately, we didn't understand why until the end. We realize that a performer died during the final epic fight scene back in 2013. The problem is that over a year later, they don't warn you that the very reason to see KA has been replaced with a pre-recorded, CGI performance on a what amounts to a giant TV screen. It doesn't help that the projection is dim and blurry either.  We did not pay nearly $300 to see an out of date, low-res video game cut scene. I've watched way better cut scenes on my PS3. They eviscerated the show by removing what was once the primary selling point. It is even still sold as if the final scene is live by having advertising and promo material still featuring scenes of it from older performances. Nice bait-and-switch. Someday maybe they'll do the right thing and redesign the show to make it worthwhile again. Until then, see any other Cirque show. In fact, see one two or three times before seeing this one. And definitely don't pay full price.
3	You know I love this show the first time I saw  it years ago... There are so many reasons I want to love it still, but I was quite disappointed at the video quality and for the price of $200 a ticket the theater was empty. I will say I still love the theater, I still love the stage, costumes, etc... but I wont be back.
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show ever, and I was not disappointed. I sat in the first row of the upper level, and the seats were great. This show told a story about two siblings who were separated at a young age and went on to live different lives. Eventually they meet again. Of course there's more to the story, but I can't spoil it for you! The performers were great. Sooo athletic and every movement was perfection. Some of them even came out before the show started and scared some audience members (myself included). I love how the whole arena was their stage. It made it more interesting and kept the audience on the edge of their seat. Even the ushers helping people find their seats were in costume and in character. I think Cirque hired all comedians to be the ushers, because they were all hilarious! Make sure you get here early to find your seats, and don't miss any of the action. KA was the highlight of my trip.
5	This was the very first Cirque du Soleil show that I have seen. I'm writing a review based upon when I saw the show SEVERAL years ago. (From what I have heard they have recently made a lot of changes; changes that were not for the good).When I saw the show it was amazing. The acrobatics and fights were amazing. It also had a great story line that was easy to follow.
5	2nd favorite Cirque show on The Strip. Be sure to sit further back - lots going on above your seats. The moving floor/wall is amazing.
2	Ok I was super excited to go see this show because I've seen 3 cirque shows before and I was super impressed with them. This one, not so much. My hubby and I were very disappointed. Scenes were long, and drug out. Very boring. If u want to see a great cirque show, go see mystire!! I was BLOWN AWAY BY MYSTIRE! I really hate to give a low review but it's really not worth the money..
3	I did not know about the accident prior to seeing the show, so when the performance ended, my entire party and I left feeling confused at the abrupt conclusion.  Perhaps it was also due to the fact we were at the 7pm showing and there was another one at 9pm, which does not leave much time for preparations. The last battle consisted of a vertical wall and was indeed a projection.  While still impressive, I felt that for the price we paid, everything should have been live.  The safety of the performers should always be a priority, but to maintain the value of the show, a live alternate ending should be put in place.  It is still a great show, but had I known about the fatal accident with the vertical wall, I probably wouldn't have felt so disappointed.
3	I first saw the show 3 years ago, and I absolutely loved it. It was so amazing! I saw the show again last night, and I just thought it was okay. It could possibly be because I had better seats the first time. It could also be that Ka was the first show I saw, and since then I have seen many other cirque shows. I really loved the  O Show, and I was mesmerized. When I saw Ka, it kind of bored me. The stage was amazing and stunning. They use multiple different stages and it's so cool how they move everything.It is a story of 2 twins who get lost and it's their journey to finding each other. While on their journey, they run into love and battle and evil. They do have cool tricks and do amazing things. I prefer the O show because it's spectacular, and I loved the music in Zarkana and I loved the old school circus theme.  So, while this show is still amazing, it's no longer my favorite.
4	You really can never go wrong with cirque du soleil. This particular show is an acrobatic/ martial arts fusion. It's a pretty amazing show. You are taken on a journey of two royal siblings trying to reunite after a sudden attack on their family. You see what they go through and how they grow. It's another beautiful story. I highly recommend it! ( also you'll have a easier time finding discounted tickets on this show rather than one of the more popular cirque du soleil shows.)
4	A visual spectacle. We sat in the second row. It was great to see all the makeup and such close up, but I recommend sitting towards the middle for the most epic experience. This show has great lighting, dazzling effects but was light on the showy acrobatics. It offset that omission with an interesting story and set design unlike anything you have ever seen.Just two things: some of the instrumental score is underwhelming, generic and loud.And it's about 20 minutes too long.
5	My favorite of all the Cirque shows on the strip! The spectacle of "O" is amazing, but the storyline, music and automated stages are what makes this one the ultimate show to see in Las Vegas. Especially now that the original battle finale has been restored; this show shouldn't be missed!
5	Really amazing, it was my first Cirque de Soleil show and I thought it was awesome. The martial arts and stage effects where really amazing. And I cant want to see other Cirque shows to compare.We had really good seats and I think that really added to the experience,  make sure you book through tix4tonight or mlife to get a discount.
2	I'm trying to figure out how most folks gave this show anything more than 3 stars...and I'll tell you why.We went Thxgiving holiday weekend (busy time for Vegas). We sat in the right section mid way up (A tad too close). If you go to watch this, you'd be better off sitting further back in the mid section, probably cheaper tickets too and I would only go if you can buy cheap tickets.This show would be a FLOP without the moving stages and sets built into the side of the auditorium. The storyline and performances or lack thereof would not be able to sustain itself without the amazing stages. The moving stage is the highlight of every scene with the performers incorporating themselves into it to give the illusion of moving landscapes, etc. The last battle scene and maybe 1 or 2 other scenes using the moving stage are the best.The entire performance is lacking with imbalanced energy levels from the entire cast. Some performers are extending themselves giving great performances, not spectacular however, whilst others seem to be going through the motions; it was palatable. Either the performers are bored with the choreography or the show in its entirety. There is one main evil character who looks like a cross between a Kiss rock band member and a Japanese warrior, he barely did acrobatics and wasn't in a lot of scenes but when he was on stage, he was captivating...he had stage presence. There was a baton twirler...yeah, a baton twirler who was ok but not anything special that I haven't seen a 16 yr old girl do during a street parade.I'm still trying to figure out how the "Spongebob Squarepants" scene with people dressed in beach animal character outfits was Cirque du Soleil'ish, they hardly did any acrobatics or feats of the imagination. It was more of a Tom n' Jerry comedy skit...I'm guessing they needed to burn time somehow to prep next scenes but I'm still puzzled by how cheesy this was executed given the opportunity to showcase their "talented artists." Another scene which was "visually" captivating for about a whole 3 minutes but lasted 10 minutes way too long was a rope hoisted performer controlled bird contraption where they dragged a screaming main character around (not doing anything acrobatic in nature) the entire front of the stage...bawwwwring!At the end of the show, whilst performers were taking a final bow...many of the performers started undressing right there on stage, taking off masks and clothing. Really?!? ...geez, talking about spoiling a supposed illusion filled performance with undressing performers during audience applause; how unprofessional!!For what the tickets cost, I don't recommend going to this show if you can't get tickets under $75 pp. It is expensive and not nearly worth the $150+ per tix cost that is charged on most sites. Not a lot of acrobatics that I hear most other Cirque shows are known for and I think that's due to the limitation of the size of the moving stage.
4	Amazing acts. Looks challenging but I can never do those lol. Specially when they do acrobats or whatever they do on horizontal and vertical surfaces. You have to go see this one.
3	We had pretty good seats...6 row from the front and right side of the stage. I don't think there was a bad seat in the house. The stage performers went through the audience... The show not only took place at the front stage but also on the side and above you. This performance had a story line compared to others that have multiple stories. This show is at the MGM
5	What can I say?  Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant.  And I saw the show WITHOUT the infamous battle sequence -- although I hear they are bringing it back.  I can't imagine that it can actually get better?  I was really moved, and this is coming from a former (and jaded) New Yorker who has seen lots of shows.  Such a lavish production.  The visuals, athleticism, and powerful soundtrack have to be seen and heard to be believed.  I saw this and two other Cirque shows in Vegas: Beatles LOVE, which is also outstanding, and Michael Jackson One.  I would see Ka and Beatles LOVE (and I wasn't even a Beatles fan) over and over again. Although I thought the last 25 minutes or so of MJ One was really great, it didn't quite feel as Cirque-ish as the other two, and I wasn't as moved... not until the end.  But KA?  A masterpiece.  I didn't want it to end.  Not bored for even a second.
3	This show begins as a story about a boy and a girl and there are lots of asian fighting scenes, but then it reverts to typical Cirque acrobatics that leave you asking "What do these things have in common?"  They try to please everybody and fail.  Some of the stunts toward the end were totally amazing--the people climbing the vertical wall and sliding down, the flying butterflies all lit up, but most of this was boring and I wanted to sleep except the audio in your seat back prevents this.  Don't overspend for your seat--any one will do just fine.  Go see Beatles LOVE for a real entertaining experience.
5	The show was amazing. There's people to guide you to your seats and ypu watch the amazing show. Nothing to complain about. Oh yeah they're caramel popcorn in the snack section was yummy. They have a concession stand and sells alcohol slushy.. which I would've drank if I was a drinker. 2 sizes of draft beer.. 12 oz. And 32 oz. I just remember soda was a lot cheaper than bottled water. Lol
5	Favorite-est Cirque show I've seen. It's pretty much got everything - fireworks, rotating stage, acrobatics, and a cohesive story to go along. I recommend seeing this twice - once from the back so you can catch all of the stuff that's happening on stage and another time up front so you can see all of the actors' expressions and details you'd have missed.
3	It's more like a musical than a circus show. If you expect more action then this is probably not the right one for you.I really enjoyed the music.The moving stage is just fantastic.The whole story line... Will require a little bit imagination and self explanation for it to make sense.The final scene fireworks was a blast.Overall, 5-stars if it was a musical.Three stars just for the ordinary circus movements.
5	The show was excellent---story was scripted well and the acrobatics was fantastic. The set and props were quality. Everything was well choreographed. Definitely better than Mystere. Would highly recommend to friends.
4	I'd never been to any cirque de soleil performance before, so I was excited for this. At first I groaned over having seats all the way in the back, but you're able to see everything perfectly! The set looks like midgar from ffvii. The ushers looked like if Tim Burton had directed Harry Potter.It was a great show. The set with it's rotating platform moved in all directions, which mechanically was impressive. It was an easy story to follow.If only I had infinite money, because the style of the show influenced really great clothing available at the gift shop.
4	I saw Ka last night at the 9:30 pm show and I was amazed! The seats we got were row gg seats 21 and 22 for about $250. These are not the most expensive seats available so I was worried about not being able to see well. I was pleasantly surprised when I realized they were actually pretty decent! I had no trouble seeing the stage and did not miss any of the action. So save yourself some money and opt for the cheaper tickets! This was my first Cirque show and I really enjoyed it. It was full of action and had some cute comedy parts. The only thing I have to complain about is the storyline is a little hard to follow deeper into the show. The ending also felt a tad rushed but the finale kinda made up for it! The visuals and moving platforms are absolutely amazing!Definitely don't regret picking Ka as my first Cirque show. It was worth the money.
3	Located in the back of MGM. One of the longest running cirques. Not open everyday. Two times on open days. Tickets are on the pricy side due to the stunts and risky acrobats found in a traditional cirque de soleil. One can find deals at the discount ticket booths around Las Vegas. This show arrangement runs similar to others offering a picture for payment before entering theatre. Staff help direct you to the seats fairly quickly. They even seat you during the middle of the show. It's incredibly distracting from the shows entirety.The show has an elaborate stage which is synced to the story. Lots of acrobatics and choreographed show. Few mini stories and a main story which are easy to follow.Good; large theatre, story, and stunt work. Bad: the seating after show had started. Distracting post start seating could be helped be seating in empty sections take away from a relatively good show. Three.
5	One of my favorite shows next to La Reve and Mystere.  This very unique Japan themed Cirque features and amazing moving stage at the MGM.  The war scene with the arrows kept me on the edge of the seat.  Also a must see Vegas show IMO.
5	So far I've seen Mystere, Zarkana, and KA, and KA by far is my favorite, hands down.  It was romantic, exciting, exhilarating, nerve-wracking, hilarious, all in one show.  The theater itself is decorated very differently than the other theaters as they incorporate a lot of the pillars into the show.  I think what I liked most about this show is that you invest in the characters, that there's actually a storyline that you can follow along with this show, as opposed to the others. RIP to the girl who passed away in this, and kudos to all the performers in this enchanting and mesmerizing show, TRULY amazing what they do in this show.  Let's just say there are several battle scenes where the people are actually performing on a platform that is at a 90 degree angle, essentially where the audience is getting a bird's eye view.  Spectacular. To all the previous posts where they said that the final battle was in CGI, not sure if they meant the characters as well, but if so, they've brought it back where it's actually people fighting again, and it was EPIC, I can't wait to come back and see it again!!!BOMBDOTCOM!
4	My first Cirque Du Soleil and didn't know what to expect.Using MYVEGAS REWARDS I got Section 202 row DD seats 15 & 16 for $141.90 total instead of $143 each. They were great seats because we were able to see everything.The show's sounds and visual effects were the wow factor for me. Some of the props were so amazing i had my mouth opened while watching lol Also, the acrobats were cool. Some of them were really dangerous and can only be done by the professionals.The actors were great because they were already in character before the show even started. Their costumes were also well-thought.Oh! and the theater was awesome! The seats had speakers on them for background sounds. Things i didn't like: -The story because there was not any catch at all - too simple.-Some of the scenes were repetitive, long, and irrelevant. Overall it was a pretty good show but i don't know if it's worth watching again.
4	I find that it's important to see the price differences between different shows before being too constructive in my reviews. According to Cirque du Soleil Las Vegas, these are the prices that I got for 2015 (cheapest - most expensive). I want to compare these 4 shows only because they have similar whimsical approach, family-friendly and kids-friendly. NOTE: Keep in mind that there are ALWAYS offers at the box office and their website. You can also purchase tickets at the Half Price Show Tickets booths everywhere on the strip.* Mystere (Treasure Island): starting at $85 for regular price (Category 3) to $119 for regular price (Category 1).* KA show (MGM): starting at $99 for regular price (Category E) to $150 regular price (Category B).* Zarkana (Aria): starting at $99 for regular price (Category D) to $155 for regular price (Category B).* "O" (Bellagio): starting at $109 for regular price (Category D) to $155 for regular price (Category B). There are options to purchase VIP Suite Seating but only sell for party of 2 or 4. (Check out my reviews for other three shows if you are interested.)____________________________________________KA is the third show I watched out of the list of shows above. I watched it cos we happened to receive offers for staying at MGM as hotel guests. Interesting enough, MGM is the only place that features both hard-core UFC matches and martial arts acrobatics. Who would have thought?KA has the second cheapest range of tickets. I personally think it deserves to be more expensive than Zarkana but who I am to say! *hic* Even if you could only get tickets for the back seats, go for it if you really have nothing to do at Vegas (unless you are into gambling)! I remembered that we sat towards the very back because there were not many tickets left. We were able to see everything just fine! The theater is not humongous like the "O" Show, but it was big and packed with so many people! I don't remember that you can take photos here... You should double check. Anyways, should focus in the whole story instead of taking photos!!!!People mention a lot about having a simple story line. True that! I think all the stage movements, flying characters and excellent sound and stage management were complicated enough to make this one simple story shine. I remember asking myself "How did they do that?? How did gravitational force work here??? Are they okay???" When you watch this show, you will understand! This is one of the shows that I will gladly come back to watch again and again!
