5	Great new addition to downtown Chandler.  This is an upscale Thai restaurant with a hip, cool interior.  The food is Thai and Thai Fusion and very good.  Try the awesome Halibut dish.  The owner and his mother really contribute to a friendly,fun atmosphere.  FY I- it's south of the wedding dress shop and the entrance is actually located on Arizona.  We will be back!
3	Great little spot in old town Chandler. Entrance sits on AZ Ave. Decor simple yet hip and clean, staff friendly and accommodating. Great service, tables a bit small. Great selection of food. Highly recommend the crab cakes! Total for app, salad, entree, 2 glasses of wine and 1 beer $52 without tip. We will definitely go back! For anyone looking to get away from the chain food scene, this should satisfy. Better date night place, than bringing the kids.
3	The restaurant is cute, the ambiance is nice, the service is good.  I found it odd that you have to leave the restaurant to get to the bathroom.The food was just okay.  It wasn't bad but wasn't anything to write home about either.  I had the spring roll appetizer and was a tad disappointed... I have had much better other places.  For dinner I had eggplant and tofu and that was GOOD but I had to ask for a bit more sauce which was quickly accomodated.  The wine was tasy and the plantain dessert was as well.I won't go out of my way to go back again.
4	Was looking forward to having lunch here after a root canal at nearby Gilbert.  This venue was much smaller than I had imagined, and the view from the outside wasn't as pretty as it was once inside.  The room is L-shaped, with the long side being a little more private than the short side, which faces the street.  Recognized the rectangular white wave-patterned artwork from the night shots (where it glows orange).  I'd like to come back and see how the ambience changes at night!Started out with tom kha gai, not only bec. it's a fave Thai soup of mine, but also bec. the veggies did not include any food allergies I have to worry about.  While my server placed my soup order, I searched the menu for green curry, but couldn't find it.  Later on, I was told that it is only offered during dinner as a seafood green curry.  I spotted a few items that looked interesting, but finally decided on the chicken red curry- chicken with spicy red curry, fresh bamboo shoots, sweet peas, and jasmine rice.  After confirming with the kitchen that their housemade red curry did not contain *, I placed my entree order and waited for my soup.  The soup arrived and I immediately spotted pieces of * floating about in the soup, and told my server I couldn't accept it as I was allergic to *.  This was immediately corrected with a bowl that now had the inclusion of tomato wedges- yet another item that was not listed in the soup's description.  The tom kha gai tasted wonderfully spicy from the red chilies, deliciously sour from the lemongrass and kaffir lime, and silky from the coconut milk.  Quite beautiful to gaze at and exquisite to savor!  The chicken red curry was equally satisfying, if not a little too salty; I loved the deep orange-red color of the curry and how creamy it looked.  The presentation was beautiful, although the execution was a little sloppy- I detected fingerprints and a bit of dried food while positioning the dish for a few shots.  Again, the finished entree included red bell pepper, which is a favorite veggie of mine, not only bec. it tastes sweet and adds a crunchy element, but also bec. it is an anti-inflammatory food that also provides beta-carotene and vitamin C!!I planned on having dessert elsewhere so I skipped on the one item that caught my eye- Thai sweet custard served in a mini-pumpkin!  Definitely one to try on my next visit.  I couldn't keep from trying something sweet, however, so I ordered a Thai iced tea- sweetened iced tea with a little half-and-half.  It was perfect!  Not too sweet and I could definitely taste the tea along with the cream.  A definite must-try!
3	Our experience here just didn't come together.  Sometimes when that happens at a restaurant it's hard to identify what exactly was not right.  Of a piece, nothing really stood out as poor.We met Christine O and Myles M for a late lunch.  We're running a few minutes late.  Latitude 8 faces Arizona Ave. even though the address is on Boston.  The front is huge windows.  As we drive by we can see Christine and Myles sitting at a table facing the window.  All alone.  The place is deserted except for the two of them.A couple minutes later we were seated with them.  The place is eerily dead.  I don't think our server is normally a server and that could be part of the problem.  She was rather pushy trying to sell appetizers and had a hard time taking no for an answer on soup.We ordered chicken satay and very interesting sounding yellow curry crab cakes.  The portions seemed small for the satay.  There were 3 skewers and the morsel of chicken on each amounted to little more than 2 good sized bites.  The crab cakes were decent sized and there were also three.  Both the crab cakes and the satay were tasty but did not stand out.For the entrees we shared pad thai, pineapple fried rice, spicy eggplant stir fry and panang curry with flank steak.  I felt the portions were small on everything except the rice.   The quality of the food was good overall with nice curries and fresh ingredients.  Despite that, the food didn't wow.  Latitude 8 has a nice trendy atmosphere but the food just fell a little short when stacked against some of the other Thai restaurants I have visited in and around Phoenix and therefore only merits 3 stars.
3	I have to agree with Jim W and Jasmine C on this one: Latitude Eight is not that great. I can see why a lot of people in Phoenix wouldn't like this place. Its small portions with big price tags served in a trendy Asian atmosphere aren't exactly par for the course in the Valley of the Sun. However, I don't dislike Latitude Eight for the reasons others might dislike it. Coming from the SF Bay Area and having worked in a modern Vietnamese restaurant for over a year, I'm used to and a big fan of Asian small plates places with zen chic decor. So, you might ask--what don't you like about Latitude Eight? I'll tell you. The food just wasn't that flavorful or innovative. In my mind, the only reason to choose an upscale, small plates Thai place instead of an authentic, no frills Thai place is to have food that uses different flavor combinations or cooking techniques. Unfortunately for Latitude Eight, nothing I tried (with the exception of one dish) made me want to go there instead of nearby Swaddee or Sala Thai (located in No. Phoenix). The chicken satay was just that: a chicken satay. The chicken was tender enough but the peanut sauce was really typical and actually a lot sweeter than an authentic peanut sauce should be. The yellow curry crab cakes were a slightly better attempt to combine flavors not found in typical Thai restaurants, but the execution fell short in my opinion. The crab was good quality but the curry flavor was way too strong. For entrees, we sampled the Pad Thai, pineapple fried rice, spicy eggplant stir fry and panang curry with flank steak. The Pad Thai was no better than pretty much any I've had here in Phoenix and the spicy eggplant was incredibly disappointing with a bland brown sauce. I prefer the eggplant at Thai Lahna by a mile. The pineapple fried rice was also decent but not memorable. The only dish I thought was outstanding was the panang curry with the flank steak. The curry was incredibly rich and flavorful with just the right amount of spice and not too much coconut milk. Outside of the fact that the food was a bit overpriced for how un-innovative and bland it was on the whole, I was also incredibly turned off by the way the restaurant dealt with our lunch reservation. When the four of us initially decided to check Latitude Eight out, their website stated that they were open at noon on Saturdays for lunch. However, by the time I called to make a reservation for the Saturday of Thanksgiving break, the site stated that they opened at 2pm on Saturdays, a time that makes sense if you're trying to capture the octogenerian crowd or big city tourists who like to eat at all hours of the day but not when you're located in Chandler, Arizona! That being said, though, we really wanted to try the place, so we made a reservation for 2pm. As Jim W said in his review, when we showed up the place was empty. Dead. Like a graveyard. And not a single other person showed up to eat in the 1.5 hours we were there. Our server also wasn't a regular employee (and didn't know much about the menu or processing credit cards, which she told us up front!) which I assume means that they knew that it wouldn't be crowded at all. So why be open? Latitude Eight really needs to take a hard look at its menu and decide how they can make their food more unique and innovative. They also need to close at lunch or open earlier. I will still make the drive to Chandler to eat at Swaddee but I doubt I'll give this place another chance.
3	I gave this a 3 star because I've had better Thai in the East Valley. Just got back from Latitude 8 with a friend for lunch. The place is a little difficult to find. Direction: Take a right after the Boston St to the parking lot. It's a little hard to see but it's the first entry after Boston St.The place is a modern, contemporary restaurant which was a little unusual especially for a Thai restaurant. I ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry which was really tasty!! The presentation of the dish was very neat and appealing. The only thing that bothered me about it was, they served the dish on a HUGE plate which gave an out-of-proportion feel when consuming my meal and they gave you a small dish for your rice. I think it was weird in a sense that when eating my meal I was eating from two different plates. I think I'm just being weird. HA!Also, bring a sweater. This place gets cold!! Either that or I'm just a wimp. I was satisfied with the service. The guy who took our order was friendly and was always filling my water THANKS!
1	SLOW LEARNER?Ate here three times.  Sampled a couple interesting beers in the bottle.  A couple appetizers and desserts.  Over priced for what you get but I expected that.  That's par for most of the places feeding off the resort.   The last time I stopped in to try a different menu item the server suggested I try the special of the day, some kind of Thai stew dish.  Sure I'll try it.  IT TASTED OLD,  REALLY NASTY !!!!  Like it had been reheated and cooled everyday for a week.  Nice of them to try and unload Mondays food on me on Friday.  I let them have their "special" back and haven't been back since and won't go there again.  Too many good Thai places close by with better food for less money.  Ya, I should of known better so it is kinda partly my fault.  If the resort isn't busy or it is summer a lot of the restaurants around it slow way down.  But they gotta open and they gotta have food ready.   What do you do with a dish that has hasn't sold?  Do you throw it away?  Maybe.  Or maybe you put it on special and try and sell it before it goes total funky on you.  This is not the first time I have been served  questionable  food in down town Chandler so you think I would of learned my lesson by now.  At least I didn't get sick from the one bite.  Anyway, Caveat Emptor on "specials" if the resort is not full !!!
5	My husband and I finally decided to make it in here.  We have driven by and read reviews but somehow haven't made it inside for the year that they have been open.  I had been wanting Pad Thai and that was enough to get us in the door! Along with the Pad Thai my husband ordered the eggplant.  I had a glass of pinot noir which was great.We spent some time talking to David the owner.  He was very friendly and we talked about food and other restaurants.  Our food was excellent.  I read some other reviews that commented on smaller portions with higher prices.  I have to admit that I did think that briefly.  But as soon as I tasted my dish I knew that it was amazing.  The eggplant was excellent.   I actually said out loud, "this is worth it!"  It really was.  I looked over at my husband's plate which was nearly empty but I managed to get the last of the sauce to pour over the last bite of rice.  We devoured every bit and were totally satisfied.  The portions were actually the perfect size. After we paid the check we picked up the menu again.  David saw us looking and we assured him that we were picking out our meal for the next visit!  Can't wait to return.
4	Been wanting to go here for a while and finally got the chance Friday night. We had reservations at 9:15 PM and our table was ready right on time. The decor was very cool - would be a good date place. Service was on top of it without being annoying. The place was packed, but it was still easy to have a conversation with friends. The waitress took our order right when we were ready and the food came out pretty quick. I had crab fried rice and it was very good - perfect sized portion too - not too much and just enough to leave me with a happy tummy.I give it four stars instead of 5 because there was nothing extraordinary - just very good.
2	my review isn't on the decor which is cool and soothing. nor is it about the food which was very tasty. my companion's soup was delicious. but it is about the service. i believe our waitress is the owner. from the outset she was really grouchy and rude. that continued into desert where i had to hail her down to order and then she kept saying you want that? i asked her if everything was ok did we have a problem. i'll go back again and give it a chance but i didn't have a good time
5	Amazing That food!  Service was a little slow. I think they may have been short handed. I would definitely go back. My brother said it is the best Thai food he has ever had.
4	First, let me say that I am not the biggest fan of Thai food, which I blame on my lack of exposure to good Thai food.  I always order the same thing:  Yellow Curry Chicken, which never fails me but I feel is a cop opt (it is basically an Indian dish with a slight difference).  I like pad thai, but I never order the right kind or something because there have been moments when I have loved it and moments when I have hated it.What made Latitude Eight Thai Grill great is that it is a nice transition/introduction to Thai Food.  Authentic?  No, not really.  But it is based on fundamental Thai flavors and presented in an accessible way.  My party shared the Spicy Thai Lettuce Wraps to start, which were fantastic!  Great punches of flavor and very fresh (the addition of mint is BRILLIANT).  We also ordered another starter, which I am forgetting now (could have been the Spring Roll or the Crabcake).  We enjoyed that as well but the crowd favorite was definitely the wraps.I ordered the Grilled Halibut for dinner, which was good to great.  Nothing to write home about, but still very well season, prepared, and fresh.  The rice and asparagus on the side were fine as well.The service was good.  It takes a lot for service to frustrate me, so I am easy to please.  But the ladies were friendly and kept their eye one us (it is worth noting that we were a small table of 4, there were not too many patrons in the restaurant, and we met at 6 PM on a weeknight).  The decor/setting was nice.  Very modern, simple, clean, and open.My only complaint:  the temperature.  Being the middle of July in Arizona, it was hot outside.  I was warm the entire time, which is odd because I am normally freezing due to air conditioning.  When I stood up to leave, my back and the back of my legs were quite sweaty.  Gross.Overall, I give it a thumbs up.
3	For Latitude Eight, passion is in the presentation.Their spicy thai lettuce wraps arrived pre-assembled, with each of the four lettuce cups containing its minced goodness and a different garnish.  It was a delightful presentation.The green tea is tasty, but it is sweetened, so for those watching their sugars, you may want to stick with the regular ice tea.My wife and I ordered the Steak Pad Kee Mao.  The steak is laid on top of the entree in strips, about 4" in length, sliced diagonally.  A tad bit more than what I'd consider 'bite-sized'.  While they do serve steak knives, I found it awkward while working with chopsticks.  The taste was spot on, and I quite enjoyed the bed of lettuce, and the occasional stir fried tomato.  I highly recommend this entree.The environment was very contemporary, down to the glasses, the plates, the cutlery.  This is part of what you're paying for, which is why you will find the prices a little higher than you're used to seeing elsewhere.Our server was very attentive and friendly.  She wasn't over the top, nor was she rude.  We felt very welcome.For a night meant to impress, I would return.  However, for an average night, I'm heading over to Thai Rama, where you'll find the same great food, excellent taste, nearly double the portion, and a lighter check.
4	I met some girlfriends here for lunch during the holidays and had a really nice experience.  I will go again and take my hubby next time.   First - The service was fantastic!   Our server and the manager (I think he was a manager) were very worried that it was their fault that we didn't order right away....it was because us girls kept chatting.   Also, both our main server and the manager were extremely helpful in picking our dishes.    When it came time to pay, our server split the inexpensive lunch bill on 3 separate cards....now...that was awesome!   Not something I expect most places.The restaurant is in a great location - in that cute little restored downtown Chandler area.   It was my first time there and I LOVE IT!  And inside, the restaurant is very contemporary and cute.    It has GREAT dark wood floors!   And....they didn't even care when my 6-year old son smashed a bunch of rice into it.The food was very good.  This was actually my first of two experiences with Thai food so I wasn't sure what to expect, however it was the better of the two from a culinary point of view.   I ordered the lunch sampler....the spring roll was very yummy...soup good...a mild Green Curry Chicken very good....and banana desert great!I can't wait to go again!
5	If you don't like spice or fantastic flavors or high quality food then don't go here. ;)This is not the standard Thai food, it is far better. One of my favorite places to eat for dinner.All the dishes are very good to superb. Many are traditional family recipes of the owner's mom and you will not find them ANYWHERE ELSE.The wine list is nice (ask about wines not on the list) and the prices are very reasonable.Favorite items...Steamed Muscles appetizer- the broth has more flavor and aroma then you will find in 99% of the food you'll ever eat anywhereMusman Shortrib entree- SAVORY, you'll want to lick the plate!Coconut ice cream dessert- home made creaminess... I cannot get enough!
5	Upscale Thai food.The restaurant is very nice and clean.  The owner came by and made sure that we were happy with our meals.  My wife and her friend got the Tofu spring rolls.  They said they were very good.  The "peanut sauce" didn't taste like peanut butter (which is very good) and had a nice bite to it too.Yellow curry with Tofu (uber spiced) was very good as was her friend's eggplant (also uber spiced).My Musaman Short Rib had GREAT flavor...only problem is that there wasn't more :)
4	I was in town early for a sales meeting at the Crowne Plaza Resort, just up the street. I walked over to Latitude Eight for dinner. It was a pleasant surprise! It's a quaint little place, quiet, clean, probably a great place for a date or a quiet conversation. The owner and his wife run the place, it seems, with some competent and friendly help.The decor is modern, subdued, and futuristic. It's comfortable.I sampled an excellent microbrew while savoring a salad with a nice asian dressing, bean sprouts, lettuce, carrot, cucumber, and some other goodies. Then came the Panang Curry Chicken with white rice. Whoa! Just the right amount of complex flavor and heat. It was so good, I ate every bite, and had no room left for dessert!This was among the top two or three best Thai meals I've eaten over the years, and I've probably had 50 or so. I wish I had been able to go back again during this trip. I suggested it to several people at our meeting, and heard several other good comments from people who wandered over to it.
1	I was really excited about trying this place.  I went on a gluten free diet over two years ago and have not had decent Thai food since then because of the language barrier at our favorite place.  Recently, I found Latitude 8 on the web and gave them a call.  They assured me that they could prepare many of their items gluten-free.  When I told the woman I was coming that night, she said "I am on tonight, just ask for me or the owner, David."  She never mentioned the need for a reservation.A few hours later, my wife and I arrived at the restaurant.  When we told them we did not have a reservation (before 6:00), we were told that they could not get us within anything like a reasonable time frame, despite the fact that the majority of the tables were open.  So, we went down the street to Zocalo, which was excellent.I am still anxious to try Latitude 8 and will definitely do so as soon as possible.  Still, I was very annoyed by the failure to advise me that a reservation might be necessary.
4	Us:  75% of the time we eat out, we eat at our gamut of favorite ethnic Asian restaurants.  My dad is an indy business owner, so I have a special place in my heart for that.  I suspect my boyfriend would say 50% good food / 50% cheap prices.  Read the previous reviews, and you know this isn't some tiny hole-in-the-wall.  So the first 10 min sitting there, my bf frequently mentioned the menu seemed seriously overpriced for Thai food which made me feel guilty for picking out the place... but redemption!So take this to be true, it really should mean alot when by the end of the meal, he thought the food was THAT good and agreed we'll be back.  How authentic?  I have no idea, we're Swaddee regulars (judge us).  Thumbs up to the Musaman Short Rib and Penang Curry... the sauces were creamy without being cloying coconut sweet, still letting the spices shine thru.. the latter is a winner especially if you like the flavor of kaffir lime leaves.
5	This is our favorite Thai restaurant in the valley.  Their curry is so flavorful and rich, it beats all others I've had.We usually get  the Chicken Satay appetizer a couple of curries.  My wife always gets the Panang, which is amazing.  I get the yellow quite often, but I've not had anything on the menu which wasn't excellent.Their Thai Tea is good, service is always friendly and attentive, and the owner is usually hanging around making sure everything is as good as it should be.Good for takeout, although not as good as eating there.
4	7 of us went there for lunch last week...and everyone loved their meal from beginning to end.We all got the $11.50 lunch special, which came w/veggie spring rolls, a yummy soup (which had chicken) an entree of your choice, and fried bananas spring rolls for dessert.The Pad Thai was one of the best that I've had here in the valley.  It was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I also tried the spicy eggplant w/tofu and it was also very good (although there was almost zero spice flavor).  The pad kee mao was also excellent.  Several ppl had the yellow curry and they cleaned their plates.  The only thing is that they didn't ask any of us how spicy we wanted our food.  When two ppl in our party told them that they wanted theirs "Thai" spicy...they laughed and made jokes about whether they know what they were asking for.  When their food arrived...it wasn't as spicy as they'd like and they weren't offered a side of chili to add in additional spices.Overall, the food was very good, service was attentive and the ambiance was chic & bright.  Would def come back and highly recommend...only be aware that you'll need to ask for extra chili on the side if you like your food w/any level of spiciness at all.
5	Pleasantly surprised to find this place in downtown chandler. The dishes were perfectly prepared. Definitely making a return trip!
5	One of our favorite restaurants, Latitude Eight gets it right.  The atmosphere is inviting, clean and fun.  The waitstaff treats you as if you are a friend.  The food is spot on.  We have been here many times and always have had a great dining experience.
2	The waitress was very good & the food was excellent...however, I am all about the customer experience and the owner was very rude.  She needs to learn how to provide customer service.  I would never enter this restaurant again or suggest any one go because of that alone.
4	This is our new Thai place. I am a huge fan of the panang curry. It is so rich and flavorful that it is hard to try anything else. The stuffed chicken wings are the best we have tried and the papaya salad  a refreshing surprise.  I love the environment and urban feel in downtown Chandler.
5	Great addition to downtown chandler. We made a reservation for 6:45pm on a friday and we were seated immediately. Service was great. Waitress was full of information about all the dishes and was super helpful with suggestions about what we should order and how we could alter some dishes. For appetizers we split the Spicy Thai Lettuce wraps &  the stuffed chicken wings. They were both delish, and the spice level was just right on the lettuce wraps and the stuffed chicken wings were unique, tasty & excellent presentation on both. For dinner two of us had the pad thai with chicken & tofu - I loved it. THe other orderded the Grilled Halibut and everything was delicious!I'm super excited to have finally found excellent thai food in chandler/the east valley. I look forward to going back!
5	Downtown Chandler is definitely a hidden hot spot!  Latitude Eight is one reason why you should come by.  I love Thai food and Lat 8 fills my stomach with love!  They bring out that Thai flare and integrate American plating.  Ambience is trendy and sleek, definitely a date spot my friends.  Service was top notch - our waitress was funny and on top of things.  My food was nice and hot when it came and nice and gone soon after.  I appreciate a place that can take fried rice and bring it to the next level - try their Pineapple Fried Rice --- YUM! - Enjoy!
3	Finally got a chance to try this place today for lunch. Tried the Tom Yum and Tom Kha soups - both are delicious although I prefer Tom Yum. Spicy Thai Lettuce Wraps were enjoyed by my wife. I had the Yellow (Chicken) Curry. Good stuff, I could tolerate a bit more spice.Nice place and very friendly staff - owner Dave and his mom. Will definitely return in the future.NOTE: the lunch menu is a bit different than the PDF on their website.
5	I got dragged here by my wife and was deeply impressed.  From the moment that I walked in I felt welcomed.  The hostess, waitresses and owner checked on us regularly.  The food was out of this world. The stuffed chicken wing is a must order.They have a great wine list that the owner loves since he really loves wine.  He is very friendly and loves to discuss wine. I would definitely go back here.
2	First time there, we went for dinner. Ordered diet cokes and coconut shrimp to start. Also ordered chicken Panang and yellow curry dinners. Dinners came out without the shrimp. We told them we ordered shrimp appetizer and they brought it out about two minutes later.  It looked great, however, when I bit into the shrimp it was RAW.  Gray, completely uncooked.  Sent it back, the waitress didn't apologize, a woman I'm guessing is one of the owners brought a fresh cooked one, but they were overcooked and rubbery.  They offered us a refill of diet coke then said they ran out.  We were told they get it from Costco by the can and hadn't gone that day.  They found one can in the back, poured it and left the can on the table.  It had expired about 2 months prior, and tasted like it.  The curries were actually good. (the two stars are for that)I worked 12 years in the restaurant business, if I had those kinds of problems at a table I would have notified the manager/owner.  He was talking to a table the whole time we were there, but didn't seem to be informed of what was happening. Too bad, we won't go back.  BTW - yes we were charged for the shrimp!
4	Ok myself and a group of friends were craving Thai food and we literally trawled the interwebz looking for somewhere nice......and this was the first one we came to. Since we had spent 3 hours deciding, by this point we were starving so just went with it. When we called in our take-out order we were told - "hold on and i'll go ask mom if we can do that".......so we thought eeeek. Not Good. BUT!!!! when we got there we discovered a top-notch, fancy, uber-modern and stylish eatery with a nice atmosphere and very friendly staff. So we think that essentially they don't do phone-in's as such and they were just being really nice!!!! So at the end of the day we struck gold - prices were awesome and the same as what we had paid for plates of junk from other places. Portions are good - not too big for a girl like me, but was not quite big enough for my 6'3" man. Parking is non-existent but i guess thats just the area roundabout (we are new to the area from Scotland so still finding our feet......). Was so yum our friend phoned back 3 days later for another takeaway. Return business from us - sorted.
5	best thai food in the east valley - hands down! this is not your typical thai restaurant in a strip mall.  Latitude 8 has a touch of elegance and sophistication that is rare in a thai restaurant.  Try basil leaf chicken or the penang curry they're both excellent.  my wife recommends the massaman.
4	We love Latitude 8. David is always so welcoming and accommodating. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is a mix of "urban hipster" and "welcome to the family".
4	Great locally-owned business in the recently renovated downtown Chandler area. 2 of us decided last minute to stop here for dinner this past Sat late evening. We didn't have a reservation, but luckily the place was not too crowded and we were seated immediately. The vibe is nice and low key but not at all pretentious. The wait staff and management were all very attentive and informative. I took particular note of how they cleared the tables as soon as patrons left so that the place kept a clean look - and they actually sprayed the tabletops and wiped them down. A plus for cleanliness.One of the owners, David, inquired about our meal and showed a real interest in our dining experience. According to my significant other, I am somewhat particular and hard to please when it comes to culinary outings, but I really did enjoy the food here. We had the Spring Rolls, Tom Kha soup, and Chicken Yellow Curry. It was all very fresh and tasty. I am not a Thai food connoisseur, but compared to other Thai restaurants I have been too, this place is going to the top of my list.
5	I was here with Lynn W Sat night for dinner and I've been dreaming about the food ever since.  The decor is simple and clean and the space is small.  This is an upscale Thai restaurant and is pricier than most.  They do have a lunch menu with smaller portions (and prices) as well.  I also notice the actual menu had more items than the .pdf on their website.We started off the lettuce wraps that our waitress said would be spicy.  They were very tasty, but there was no spice at all to either of us.  For my main dish I had the Musaman short ribs and they were sooooooooo good!  Tender pieces of short ribs, in a bowl with a peanut curry.  But it was so much more than that.  There were cinnamon sticks so there was a sweetness, there was a little heat/spice and the flavor, wow the flavor was amazing.  I could bathe in this stuff.  I think it would taste great over ice cream too.  I wish they sold the sauce by the quart, it was that good.  The plate was served with a side of jasmine rice, enough to soak up all the extra peanut curry sauce.  The service was good, the owner even came over to chat with us at the end of our meal.  He said his mother was the chef, and I saw her pop in an out of the kitchen several times.  I can't wait to go back!!
5	This is my favorite place in Downtown Chandler for lunch.The atmosphere is clean and simple. I enjoy sitting by the huge front window watching the world go by.They have a tasting menu available for lunch for around $11.50. It includes:Spring rollsPapaya Salad (my obsession)Choice of an entree (I like the Phad Thai and Yellow Curry)Dessert.They also have a full menu to order from.It is a great deal. The staff is always very friendly and accommidating. Check it out!
3	Food tasted great, portion a bit small, service not so great, server gave us food w/o utensils even after a prior reminder.  Also brought my credit card slip w/o a pen.
2	Food was tasty but portions were small and pricey. My wife did not care for the seared Ahi.Bottom line=you can do better
4	I'll keep this sweet and to the point, realistically, i'd give this place a 3.5Pros:*willing to accommodate food allergens- I've vegan, and super lactose intolerant.*beautifully decorated restaurant, well plated food.*the food is made to order, even the sauces.*I liked some of the inventive touches in their food- my curry with peas, pumpkin, baby corn.*one of our companions asked for extra sauce and they very kindly made moreCons:*Portions are ridiculously small for the price.  Everyone at our table of 9 ordered a separate entree, and no own was full, even the ones who got appetizers.*My throat was killing me, so I asked for some warm water, instead of iced, while I looked over the menu- they brought back water that was colder than room temp, without the ice and I was politely informed that this is what they had.  But I wonder how in the world they serve hot tea on the menu, if they don't have hot water in the kitchen.  *Some of the veggies in my curry were undercooked (think aldente potato)All in all the flavor of the food was good, but 1 cup of rice and 1.5 cups of curry does not a 18 dollar entree make. You really are paying for the ambience and customer service.If i had a special occasion, i'd prolly visit here again, but when i'm needing a thai-fix, there are other places around town that have equally great food, without the upcharge.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants!! We love it so much and have become regulars there! We have never had a bad experience! The food is always fresh!! I personally love the pad thai and my husband usually alternates between three different things on the menu! The spring rolls are a great starter to the meal!! Enjoy!
5	Great food, great ambiance, good service and nice selection of drinks and food. I normally get a seafood curry, not sure of the name, but it is amazing. Everything I have ever had here, is very good. The owner is very professional and easy to talk to. It feels like a small town/family atmosphere once you walk through the door. Love the decor and lots to do, within walking distance, if you are in the mood to hang out for a while.
1	I am a major food fanatic but I am even more of a customer service fanatic - so when my brother and I went to try this restaurant ( based off of what we expected to be good reviews...) we were shocked and disappointed in the food and the lack of customer service that Latitude Eight offers!!!  As we arrived the waiter and the owner made us wait in their doorway ( as they have NO waiting area) while they checked their EMPTY reservation list ( I assume their poor attempts to act like a fine dining establishment...) - Finally the owner points to a table and tells us that he allows us to sit there ( I assume I should have been overcome with honor that they might allow us common folk to sit in his restaurant ( hahhaaaa) )  - even though I was already irritated from the moment we arrived, my friend calmed me down because he really wanted to try their food so we ordered.:-Pineapple Seafood Curry ( too sweet with almost no seafood.  It seemed to be just broth and rice!!!)- Pad Thai ( extremely greasy and overly sweet as I have had better!!!)I knew the contents of my review when we realized the lack of customer service from the waiter and the owner who never once checked on us or made sure that our food was ok!!!CUSTOMERS BEWARE!!!  This OVERPRICED Thai restaurant is not only less than mediocre in food, but the customer service from the waitstaff and the owner is extremely RUDE... they almost go out of their way to make customers feel uncomfortable and PISSED OFF!!! ** I recommend THAI CAFE ( chandler blvd and loop 101) for BETTER FOOD, SERVICE, & Price!!!*** go there- I promise you wont regret it like I regret my experience at Latitude Eight !!! **
4	i am a major, major fan. i had the chicken jungle curry. it wasn't spicy enough for me but it was very tasty. they are very accomodating with their menu and everything is super fresh. i hate going places when they tell me everything is already pre-made. this place is FRESH. my chicken came with the most delicious eggplant, like so delicious i will order just eggplant and chicken next time i go. insane. it was like a little crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. lurve it. the view was kinda cute and the place was small and trendy but still soft in a way. they did a good job. the owner was awesome and spent quite a bit of time having conversations with people dining. i love when that happens :) we will definitely be back. i didn't think it was expensive at all- each of our meals were right around $12. I would say for the quality that is a reasonable price for sure.
4	Everything I've had here has been great tasting. My favorite so far is the red curry chicken. Have them make it extra spicy if you're into that kind of thing. I am and it turns out great. The only thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars is that the portions are kind of small.
5	Excellent food every time and David knows how to make his customers feel like friends. Try the amazing noodles!
4	I had great service and the Red Curry Chicken was wonderful. I only wish the dish wad a little warmer serving temperature. The Thia iced tea was fantastic.
3	*AMENDEDExtremely rude!  The waiter screwed up my order (but he was really nice!) and even though I clearly pointed to the menu where it says "add a papaya salad to any entree for $1.50" he brought me a FULL size papaya salad, which I did not realize until I got the bill- $18 for lunch!  Yikes!  When I ordered I had told the waiter I didn't want to do their 4-course special he suggested because I was "not that hungry"- so it never occurred to me that he ordered me a FULL entree size papaya salad PLUS my entree.  He brought me a beef meal instead of the chicken one that I ordered, and when I brought his attention to the bill he apologized, and went to get it adjusted.  10 seconds later this woman comes out and says "What, you don't want to pay for your salad?" I'd explained that I was very clear when I ordered, that my entree was also wrong and I'd had to wait for it to be done correctly- and she just kept berating me in front of other patrons.  "You think that salad $1.50?  All that shrimp?"  2 pieces of shrimp- not a pound or anything!  I explained that the side salad DID seem big, but I'd never been there before.  What should I have done?  Said "excuse me, but this salad seems a little much for $1.50?"  She said "So you refusing to pay for your salad?" and just walked away.Buyer beware the owner that does not give a crap about repeat business.  Your server screwed up, not me.  My quiet lunch left me feeling stressed and annoyed- thanks latitude eight.AMENDED:**After seeing this review the owner contacted me directly and sincerely apologized for the miscommunication.  The server was new, and the food was very good- so I've amended my review to reflect the overall experience.  Anyone that takes the time to read and respond to reviews definitely cares about repeat business. Thanks David-
5	Fantastic food, service, and ambiance!  The owner is cool, and knows what he's doing.  Will be returning!
3	Not a bad place.  I love what they are trying to do in downtown Chandler and this place fits in being somewhat trendy and contemporary.  The inside of the restaurant is very nice and the staff was very friendly.  This is probably the only Thai place I've been to around here that is setup to be a real sit down restaurant as opposed to everywhere else which caters to lunch crowds and take out.We had the satay, pineapple fried rice, and pad thai.  All of the dishes were tasty enough.The reason I only give 3 stars is because there was nothing here to "blow my socks off" other than the bill.  For the price the portions were small and we ended up ordering a 3rd plate of pad thai because my two boys (6,8) could just about wipe out a whole plate each.  I feel like I might even prefer some of the dishes at Swaddee or Yupha's and they are more cost appropriate.  A side note here is that ambiance doesn't really score points with me; If I wanted to go hang out downtown, get a little thai food, and have a glass of wine, I'd probably give it 4 stars.
1	Not for lunch. If you're like me (and all the others who left this place empty during lunch), you like good value - especially if you eat out everyday for lunch. I'm thin and really don't have a particularly large appetite. Went there for lunch today. Sat down and received our menus and then a "Lunch Tasting menu" Which actually combines a few things on the menu (including desert) for $11. Opted not to spend $11 for lunch so I went with the Chicken Basil for $8 at the top of the Entree section. The food tasted good but Wow - What a terrible value! A shaped little mound of rice (about one cup) topped with ground chicken (no more than I'd say 2 Tablespoons), a runny egg and, of course, basil. Same thing with my colleagues choices of Pad Thai - very small servings. For an $8 lunch - I expect a good size portion of an entree, a spring role and soup! I highly recommend Thai Rama West of Dobson on Chandler Blvd. The food quality is good - not as fancy, but far from a dive and prices are much more reasonable. My advice to the owners - Get a lunch crowd in there! During the 12:00 hour; only seeing 3 tables filled can't be a good. Consider a $7 - $9 complete lunch - soup or salad, spring roll and entree.   Lunch crowds result in larger dinner crowds too at larger margins! Another note - Each place setting had a large serving spoon as if you would share your entree. With such small portions this doesn't seem to align. Service was great!
4	A group of 18, and as the lunch group staggered in intervals, the 2 waitresses could not be nicer or accommodating (even up to splitting checks, wow). I took the concensus, most everyone really enjoyed the offerings from the $11.50 4 course set menu... some freaked out over the pandan green sauce over the crispy bananas, obviously rubes not familiar w/ SE Asian flavors... I bet they were expecting Hershey's choc sauce.  :D
5	Excellent food and service. Staff is friendly and attentive. Decor is trendy and contemporary. Will definitely be back!
5	Fan-tas-tic! Started with chicken satay and then pineapple fried rice since so many reviews mentioned it and tiger prawns prik king - flavors were out of this world - great customer service too
5	Delicious!! I was so excited to see such a chic (but unpretentious) place in downtown Chandler. It really brings a great vibe to the downtown area. The food is amazing, as fresh as it gets, and the drinks are strong and yummy! They have a huge wine list and the owners really know what they re talking about and don't mind helping you choose. this is the perfect place for a dinner party.
4	Heard alot about this place from several Chandler friends, and it lives up to its reputation. This was my first visit (a Wednesday about 1pm).Ambiance was very chic and classy, yet still a nice contrast from Coach & Willie's across the streetMy hostess/waitress was very pleasant and helpful (Tori S). I got oriented to the menu quickly with her assistanceI ordered the pad tai, papaya salad, and banana crisp - what delictable and tasty courses these were. Although a lower quantity of food, the quality was high enough that it worked out.They even have bendy straws, which I like.Tab was $14 plus tip - totally worth it
5	I love Thai food and this is by far my favorite in the valley now. Great chicken peanut satay. Super prawn dishes and love the pineapple fried rice! Very nice modern decor. Great date night.Have to add customer service was excellent!!
5	I was excited for my first visit for dinner---I had heard so many great things about Latitude Eight! Guess what---everything I heard was true or even better!! Wonderful, authentic Thai food, very reasonably priced. Charming ambiance---very small venue which makes the owner's (David) presence very personal and authentic. David made our evening so special! Service was perfect; our server anticipated our every need and that was with a party of 12!! One more thing I have to say. They make a cantaloupe martini that is off the frigging hook. Seriously, I can't wait to go back there.If you like Thai, make reservations and enjoy a fabulous evening out.I love it when I get a find like this one!!
5	Stopped by after Randy from Pittsburg Willys Hot Dogs gave us his thumbs up. Imagine that, he absolutely knows what he is talking about when it come to Thai food. Our martini selection was perfect and chilled just right.  Outrageous yummy Mahi, The braised beef was cooked to perfection. All the flavors, my wife was in heaven  Salt and pepper squid with the sauces are a great starter.
4	I recently ventured to Downtown Chandler to explore the city and lunch with Yelper Anna M. She is a Chandler connoisseur so I left the lunch choice up to her -- with the reference of trustee yelp too of course! She chose Latitude 8 and so I was excited to try out one of her favorite spots. I'll admit, typically I don't choose Thai for lunchtime, especially when it's so hot outside, but since I was in the area, I wanted to try the best of what the area had to offer so I gave it a whirl. I walked inside and immediately like the fresh, airy and open atmosphere. While it's Thai food, the atmosphere was modern and a perfect "ladies lunch" location. After a quick glance at the menu, I noticed that they offer a nice lunch option of three courses for about $12 (I think)? I decided I wasn't that hungry for three courses, but I noted this option for a future visit! Instead Anna and I got the chicken curry and Pad Thai and decided to share so that we could taste both dishes. I'm a sucker for curry and this curry dish hit the spot. It was heavy in taste but not in meal and came with a small bowl of rice and a large bowl full of chicken and curry. The Pad Thai was much heavier but also tasty. The sauce had a little crunch to it, almost like eating a shell so that threw me off a bit, but it was still a good dish. I think I would order the chicken curry over the Pad Thai next visit. In summary, the food here is good and the prices are very reasonable as well. Definitely a restaurant worth visiting if you are in the area and looking for decent Thai (although, I'm no Thai expert so take that part with a grain of salt).
4	Get the green seafood curry with a nice glass of reisling.sublime!!! . My vote for top PHX thai...
4	We had a great lunch at Latitude Eight.  We were promptly seated, and had iced teas within moments.  Our waitress was great at refilling our glasses and being available.Both of us decided on the Lunch Special for $11.50.  (Appetizer, Salad or Soup, Entree and Dessert.) The spring rolls were fresh and had the perfect flavor and texture.  The Green Papaya salad was one of the best I've had, none of the creepy chemical flavor that some can have.  The light peanut-chili dressing on it was great.  I had the Yellow Curry for an entree, and it was good.  I'm not a big fan of super-spicy food, and this had a nice amount of kick. The veggies were obviously fresh, and everything was cooked well. Dessert was the cutest little fried banana "egg roll".   The proportions were good, and we both left feeling satisfied but not stuffed.The decor was clean and modern... "Zen" if you will.  I would have liked our table to be a little bit cleaner, it felt like it hadn't been cleaned/santitzed after the last guests.Overall it was a good experience, and I'll definitely be back.  We'd love to try the happy hour specials!
5	This restaurant is fantastic! My husband and I have been here several times and it has always been a very positive experience. The owner, David, is attentive, knowledgeable, and very thoughtful. We love Thai food and have pretty high standards when it comes to Asian cuisine, and this restaurant definitely exceeded our expectations. The Musaman Short Rib is out of this world! I've never had anything like it! They also have a great wine selection, appetizers, and it's definitely the best Pad Thai that I've had in Arizona. If you like top-notch Thai food, a great ambiance, and excellent service, then this is the restaurant for you!
4	I came here for a quick lunch and really enjoyed it. I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and am glad I finally got to. Their menu, for lunch at least, is a little sparse and I was sort of bummed to see pad thai, but not nam sod, one of my favourites. Their lunch portions are still good-sized and service is fast. I ordered my meal, pad kee mau, not my normal but I was in the mood for those thick rice noodles, Thai hot and it was hot but still not as hot as they make it for me at Swaddee so that remains my go-to for truly hot Thai food. Their flavors, though, are excellent and they really do a good job with their food. I will definitely come back here to enjoy a more prolonged, relaxed dinner since when I was here, I had very limited time. Service is ok; food came out quickly. The ingredients all tasted pretty fresh and the blend of flavors was spot on in my dish and my husband's basil leaf chicken.
5	Came here for dinner with my wife last week. Our server ended up being one of the co-owners, so we put ourselves in her expert hands with our menu selections.She started us out with Pei Mussels, which was a nice light but flavorful start. The real beauty in this dish was its aromatic element. The lemongrass and Thai basil really sets the mood for what's to come.Our main course featured short rib and duck. The short rib was braised well, but the real star of this dish is the peanut sauce. Infused with cinnamon, the sauce was not excessively hot but it definitely will slowly warm you up. A perfect fall dish on one of the first genuinely cold days in Arizona.The duck was perfectly cooked, with a nice crispy-to-tender ratio. The spice level was just right...my wife requested "Thai hot" but our server convinced her to trust the chef. It was a good decision since anything spicier would have overpowered the flavor of the duck. Usually my wife and I share a few bites, but this time I only got one before it was gone.Great location, modern ambiance, unexpectedly good bar and wine selection. Most importantly, the owners, chefs, and staff really care about the quality of their food... and it shows.
2	If you're looking for authentic thai food, this isn't the place to eat. But if you're looking for americanized Thai food with nice ambiance, then you might like this place.The chicken panama was bland compared to most. The waitress didn't ask how spicy I wanted it, so I guess she went with super mild. Small portion, served on a plate (not bowl).Chicken skewers were good, but small portions. I guess by appetizers they really meant appetizer portion! Skewers are not the full sized skewers as I imagined- it was one small piece of chicken meat per skewer. About 5-6 skewers.Service was nice. Didn't have to wait very long to be seated, and our food came out quickly. A bit pricer than typical Thai food, but maybe because there's not a lot of Asian food around.
1	The only thing worth the money here is the thai iced tea. I have NEVER spent $30 and walked away starving! Needless to say my husband and I will not be going back.
5	Being a San Francisco native I fell in love with this place for many reasons!  First, the owner is from SF...super nice guy who takes the time to get to know you.  You feel like a "regular" right off the bat!  Second, the ambiance is fresh, trendy, and very clean.  Third, the food is AMAZING!  You can't go wrong with anything you order!  This is one restaurant that each time we go we try different things and we are never disappointed.  Two of my favorites are the Grilled Halibut and Panang Curry.  The Spring Rolls are a perfect, light start to the meal.  The flavors are aromatic, fresh, and perfectly cooked.  I've notice some other reviews mention the portion sizes.  I agree, their apps and entrees are on the "smaller" side but this is comparable to some restaurants who serve you way too much food.  I truly feel they serve healthy portion sizes.  We've never walked away hungry (and my husband could be a champion eater!!)  I guess the only caveat is we never have a to-go box of the delicious food to take home ; )Also, if you like wine the owner has other bottles that aren't on his list and he prices them well...just need to ask!Latitude Eight is a gem in Downtown Chandler!!
5	The food was wonderful.  In our party, we had the chicken satay, red curry, ahi, crab fried rice, and pad thai.  Everyone enjoyed their dinner very much.  I had the ahi.   I am very picky about my ahi.  It is my favorite when done right.  It was delicious!The atmosphere was very nice and the owners and waitstaff were very nice, welcoming, and accommodating, despite it being a special event night in downtown Chandler.  Bottom line:  we can't wait to go back
5	This is a real gem. Awesome food and ambience, great lunch service. This goes to the top of my Thai charts for Phoenix.
2	Been once and won't return. It's friendly and trendy but lukewarm food, not enough spice, high prices and tiny portions don't combine for a fine experience. I would have had to order 3 entrees to leave full.
5	Food was great! Mahi mahi is great and wife loves spicy prawn basil.
5	I consider myself to be a Thai Lover, not an afficiado. however, where i come from (an office with windows and AC) this is amazing Thai! best place in DT Chandler for lunch; if you want a legit review please see Anna M's (she hit it on the head). Now, here's what you gotta know: 1) i love all things Thai; Thai hut, Rama, basil, elephant. i live in down town phx and have literally, 8 within walking distance. i get my fill. Lat Ocho (theres always day laborers looking to paint your house or car or face or clean your house, face or car in down town chandler. i was once mobbed by a herd of 23 while driving a uhaul...but i digress). 2) the ambiance is by FAR the best of any Thai spot I've ever seen. 3) I'm slowly going through the menu, and love it all. the pad Thai is bomb. The curry will make you smack your cat. and the egg rolls come in this paper thing which makes them healthy ( a healthy tasty egg roll? get the F out'a here! your cat is gonna be in pain). 4) you'll see Anna there. say Hello. she owns chandler. literally. 5) the staff is on their game. water refills @ half glass. just for fun once, i threw a fork. they brought me a new one before picking up the old one (that's a good trick BTW. if they pick it up, and give it back to you, get the heck out. stat styleeee). down town chandler is becoming a meca of great life. this is certainly a reason why. give them a try. you wont be disappointed. Oh, forgot. drunken noodles isn't called drunken noodles here. just ask them, they'll show you the dish. and its BY FAR the best DN I've ever put into my gut. i felt bad purging the next morning because it was so good. yup. just happened.
2	Not very good food with high prices.  We were 6 people and the bill was $140.00 before the tip.  No alcohol.  One lady in our party has most of her stomach removed and can only eat certain foods.  She ordered the thai beef salad, and asked to speak to the chef who happened to be one of the owners.  She questioned the lady about her not wanting the beef, but plainly cooked shrimp, and no dressing.  It was embarrasing for all of us to see our friend who handles her illness bravely, being grilled by the cook.  When I checked the bill after leaving the restaurant, I found that they charged an extra$4.00 for the shrimp and no beef making this dish close to $13.00.  We were also charged for another $9.00 dish that we didn't order.I called the following day and spoke to the cook/owner.  She remembered us.  I explained their error, and asked to have my  credit card credited.  She said she couldn't do that because it was after the fact.  After some discussion, she relented and said that I could come in and get the money.  I explained that because it was 30 minutes away, I would like her to mail a check to me.  Well, after 4 weeks and 2 calls, no refund.  All 6 people said, never again.P.S.  I received a $10.00 refund for their error and a $25.00 gift certificate two days after posting this.
5	The entrance is hard to find, not on Boston but around the corner on Arizona Ave but worth the time. Good service and great food. Had the Panang curry, good flavor, sweet and hot. My wife had the yellow curry and loved it. Prices are very reasonable. Nice atmosphere. Would definitely go back.
4	Both the eggplant curry and masaman short rib were delicious -- very aromatic dishes with Southern thai staples. We chatted with the owner briefly - very nice guy. Waitress was very nice and had a good sense of humor but was a little swamped so her service suffered a bit. Definitely would recommend this place!
5	As SF Bay Area natives (where great Thai restaurants are plentiful), my husband and I were delighted to find the gem that is Latitude Eight Thai Grill in downtown Chandler! The food is consistently fresh and expertly prepared -- can't get enough of the Tom ku gui (coconut chicken) soup or Satay! Go there -- you will be pleased.
5	My wife and I were both very impressed with our first visit to Latitude Eight. The decor is simple and elegant, and the service was outstanding.I had the ginger chicken stir fry. It was full of flavor and not spicy at all. I particularly liked the black mushrooms and miniature corn. I tried a bit of my wife's banana dessert, and it was the perfect finish to the meal.
5	Their food was absolutely amazing! I definitely recommend the Pad Thai.  Having reservations helps!
5	Yummy! It's a small place so don't be afraid to make a reservation (at least at the time of this review because they are doing a $15 for $30 Groupon). Our server was very helpful as far as the heat level. She told us how what we ordered was usually prepared and then asked if we wanted to change it. This could be a big deal for thai food rookies like us! I had the duck breast medium hot, my hot girlfriend (I'm not sure if she reads my reviews, but better safe than sorry) had the Pad Thai which they do mild. I thought hers was awesome; She thought mine was a little spicy but good; I thought mine was "out of the park" delicious.We will be back, so the Groupon thing worked as planned for this little place that we didn't know was right here in our back yard.
5	There's nothing not to love of this gem in Chandler.The coconut soup is a must, the yellow curry is out of this world and I tried for the fist time the coconut shrimp. It was so good that we ordered a second round.One of my favorites, for sure.
5	Always get great service and excellent food no matter what we order.  Make sure you ask David about his special wine list in his head.  He has some great Zins from Turley that he keeps stashed away!
5	Love, love, love this place. EVERYTHING is the best! Service, food ambiance. My favorite restaurant and  my favorite Thai food in ALL OF Arizona! The owners are amazing and so accommodating. Also the best Cosmo! I always leave with a smile on my face and in my tummy!
5	We just finished dinner here with our almost seven year old daughter, who declared the Pad Thai " Heaven" . It was her very first Thai food experience. We also shared the fabulous coconut shrimp and the wonderful lettuce wraps. Good stuff in quaint Downtown Chandler.
4	Another date night ends in disaster, well almost. My husband and my date nights are cursed, usually ending in violent bowel issues, vomiting, car accidents - you name it, we've probably experienced it, all in the name of a romantic evening. Monsoon season hits, and there goes the electricity/AC at Latitude Eight, the Thai wonderland we live down the street from and have been wanting to try for over two years. This is of course the fault of Mother Nature and not the restaurant. The staff was extremely gracious and kind, calling us "troopers" for saying to eat. And damnit I was going to eat! Ordered: two adult beverages (I recommend that Mandarin Cosmo!) lettuce wraps (SUPER YUMMY) and the Pad Thai. All of it was wonderful, the quality of the ingredients, the execution, the plating, the flavors. So while the beads of sweat rolled down our lower backs, at least the eatin' was good. The owner even bought us a round of drinks - now THAT is a good businessman because we will definitely be back (like the better part of Chandler no doubt). I will spread the word how even in 90+ degree temps and 100% humidity, the food and customer service upstaged that monsoon!
4	First time, the service was great, AHI tuna was outstanding...king crab  fried rice could have used more crab....can't wait to try the yellow curry.
5	My husband and I ate at Latitude Eight for the first time last night after recently purchasing a Groupon. We hoped it would be good based on the reviews we'd read, but it was even better than we expected!! A great size of restaurant - not too big, not too small - and the atmosphere really does make you feel welcome & like one of the regulars right off the bat. David obviously cares very much about his customers and their dining experience, which is great to see. We had the coconut shrimp appetizer, which was absolutely delicious with an awesome presentation, then we shared the crab fried rice (also delicious) and the sticky rice mango dessert (yum!). I highly recommend this restaurant and we will definitely be back, especially for special occasions!!
3	Solid, if not remarkable, Thai food.  Service and ambience were good.  My complaint is portion size, relative to expense.  I had the Chicken Yellow Curry for dinner, but could have SWORN it was a lunch portion.  Strangely, my wife's  Pineapple Fried Rice was huge (more than twice the size of mine . . .she took half home).  Probably won't be back.
3	I was expecting this place to be better. It wasn't terrible, but there is much, much better Thai food out there. We had an appetizer, a soup (the coconut lemongrass one I get everywhere I try) and two noodle dishes. The soup was missing a lot of the flavor that you'll find in it elsewhere. The Pad Thai was good, but you can't really mess that up.I can't even remember what appetizer we had, so I guess that wasn't too thrilling. However, the drink menu was a nice change, they had a couple cocktails that I like and you can't find just anywhere (moscow mule--though those are becoming more popular lately, and the lychee martini). I would go here again if a big group was and I didn't have a choice, I wouldn't refuse to eat there or anything, but I would not choose it over my other favorites for Thai, not even close!
2	Overpriced under good. Service was great but the food is not worth a drive to downtown CHandler.  I'll stay in my neighborhood and go to Tum Nak Thai.
1	I went here for lunch and ordered a Thai iced tea and the Duck salad. The duck was cooked rare and the salad was extremely spicy, contrary to the server's remarks. I ended up having to leave mid meal and throw up. It was and extremely unpleasant experience. I was so sick that I didn't even have a chance to speak up.
1	Disclaimer: I am a Thai person and a Thai food connoisseur. This is supremely average Thai food and overpriced as heck to take advantage of White People. Sorry to be blunt but that's all it is. $18 dishes that are $8 at a real Thai restaurant. The spring rolls were very bland and came with only a tiny bit of sauce for dipping. They should also include on the table a selection of fish sauces and spices to add to your meals and appetizers. They dont have.If you like spicy, skip it for sure. Again this is what we would call Tourist Thai back in Thailand. Tiny servings.The good. Friendly wait staff.If authentic Thai is what you're looking for try any of these: Palees Crown, Tum Nak Thai or Royal Thai Grill.
1	Decent tasting food but way overpriced for the portion size even with a Groupon.  If the service was decent I would probably rate this place one or 2 stars higher.  The decor and ambience was nice though.The worst thing about this evening was the bad service we received.  It really spoiled the evening and left a bad aftertaste.  Our waitress was not very attentive and was slow taking our order but that wasn't the bad part.  The worst part of the service was when our waitress was having issues with another table for like 10-15 minutes so we asked another lady (she was Asian) for the check.  The other lady rudely threw the check on our table.  The bill was not adjusted for our Groupon and I mentioned this to the Asian lady.  She took it from me and after about another 5-10 minutes she came back and threw the check on our table again.I would not recommend this place because even with the Groupon our meal was more than at most Thai places and the service was horrible.
1	Wow...I hate having to write a bad review.  It is so draining.  I should have known it would be a bad experience when I asked the older women who served us our food, if there was rice coming with the meal and she snapped "It's coming, I'm only one person!"  Then when she did drop off the rice, she slammed it on my keys causing it to almost tip over, "Here's your rice."  Wow....  I understand they were understaffed (and she wasn't a regular server), but if I didn't have a Groupon I would have left immediately.  I know when I'm not wanted.  That old lady is just nasty...God help her.  She rolled her eyes at us so many times that night as she would pass by, I'm surprised they didn't fall out of her head!Apparently this was a busy day for Latitude Eight, but that doesn't excuse the extremely slow service, our numerous bill mix-ups, and the 1 Groupon per table rule.  You would think that they could've made a compromise for the fact that we were in the restaurant from 6 - 9pm (watching other patrons effortlessly flow in and out) waiting patiently for each course to come, plates to be cleared out and bills corrected.  I will admit that the fine print on the Groupons were an oversight on our part, but our waitress/owner? wouldn't budge.  She even went into detail about how she was losing money on Groupons.  That is not our issue.  The point of Groupon is to attract new clientele, in lieu of making of profit.  If you offered a deal at a fee that was too low, then that is a matter of your own financial management.  Don't take it out on customers with attitude and rigidity (especially if the service isn't good).  Finally after 7 minutes or so back and forth, another gentlemen agreed to let us use 2 of the 4 Groupons to apply to our bills.  We weren't pleased, but at least it was something.It's been quite some time since I received service this bad.  I left the restaurant disgusted.  I had to convince my friend that it wasn't a "skin color" issue especially with that mean old lady!  I have dined in all type of restaurants all over the world (5 star at that) and have received excellent service,  so I'm not quick to pull that card.  And there is plenty of diversity in Chandler.  I hope it was worth it to treat us like crap.  There are plenty of Thai restaurants all around Phoenix including my favorite: Thai Spices.  As I wrote on the check, "God bless you!  I hope you find peace in your establishment."
4	Latitude Eight is one of my favorite lunch locations in Downtown Chandler. I most often have had the Ginger Chicken Stirfry, but have had 3-4 different lunches and have never had anything I would not order again.Latidude has a great atmosphere and the staff is always friendly
1	This place is extremely overrated and not worth the wait to get a table.  Even with a reservation, we waited for a table, then waited 15 minutes for a drink, then waited another 55 minutes for the entrees which they forgot to order in the kitchen.  Then the food was nothing to write home about, very very small portions, mediocre taste.  We did not receive one apology for this lousy service.  We will definitely not be going back or telling anyone else about this place.
1	Food taste is average.  Poritions are small compared to price.  HOwever, the service is not good.  THe server essentially threw the check at us.   I would not recommend this place
2	Ok the decor is modern and we always wanted to try it out.food tasted below average and expensive .PERIOD.   my wife got the penang curry and i got the  seafood special.  the seafood alone cost me 21$.  i was hoping for a much better affair both interms of size and taste. It dissapointed me big time. The seafood actually tasted bad. some of the clams did not even open up! My wifes penang curry was not creamy and  she found it very thin.I would recommend mekong dobson/broadway if you want your thai fix.
5	Really excellent. They went easy on spice and it was perfect for me. Wife likes spice and they can do that too.  Best of the downtown Chandler choices, none of which are inexpensive.
2	I'm really surprised this is one of the top rated Arizona Thai places on Yelp.  First, the prices are really expensive and the portions are small.  This might be forgivable if the food was amazing, but it wasn't.   We ordered Thai beef salad, pad thai, and panang curry.  The salad was the most disappointing of the bunch.  It was essentially 4 pieces of weird-textured meat over iceberg lettuce with onions and some kind of oily dressing.  The panang was ok, but nothing to write home about.  I'd say the pad thai was the best of what we ordered, but still not the best I've ever had and really expensive for the amount you're given.  We ate everything we ordered and still felt hungry afterward.  Normally when we order Thai food we end up totally stuffed and leave with leftovers.  And for less money and better food. It was disappointing overall.  Definitely not worth the price.  We have no plans to return.  The quest for great Thai food in Chandler continues!
3	Great food, extremely slow service, not a good place for lunch as they do not understand the importance of time constraints.
3	Great location, pretty good restaurant. I die everytime I have the chicken yellow curry. Tastes just like my Oma makes it. I'll admit, it can get a little pricey. The one down side to this place. But other than that, it's a pretty good occasional spot.
2	Bummed! I read a great review for this place and took a first date. We got the thai lettuce wraps which were the most poorly executed bland yet drippy mess ever. We also got the spring rolls that seemed like they were from Costco. The portion of my yellow curry was small and it didn't really have much flavor. To add insult to injury, this place is not very cheap. I really don't understand what the hype with this joint is. However I will say, the service was good. Our server was friendly, helpful, and on top of refills (and up sells) and the manager was very kind.
4	Went for lunch, a small place but nice. Had the Red Curry Chicken. Was very yummy, just the right amount of spice without being too overpowering. Service was good too. If you're tired of all the bar food and sandwich shops in DT Chandler, this is a nice change once in awhile.
5	This place is fantastic! I own a neighboring business and the pineapple fried rice is fantastic. All the bad reviews I have read about this place are from groupon users who overwhelmed and flooded this wonderful restuarant trying to combine extra groupons with ridiculous expectations. The owners David and his mother Mom are sweet, wonderful people that work their tails of to give customers a fabulous experience and meal. Ignore the sour grapes Groupon reviewers, this place is awesome.
3	Good food, but the prices were a bit ridiculous.
5	I work here in Downtown Chandler and this place is worth the visit.  The Thai inspired uses only the freshest ingredients and the food is always served warm right out of the kitchen.It is a relatively small restaurant, however it is able to accommodate larger groups as well as provide a intimate setting.The satay is done perfectly with beef or chicken and a peanut sauce.  The fish cakes are also delicious and worth trying as an appetizer.The restaurant offers a variety of curry dishes, all excellent.  My personal favorite is the Panang curry with flank steak.  The duck is also amazing.Latitude 8 does have happy hour specials and lunch promotions.  It usually begins to fill up for dinner around 5:00 p.m., especially on Thursdays and into the weekend.If you find yourself on this part of town looking for a fine dining experience, this is it.
2	I am a huge fan of Thai food, and was eager to try Latitude Eight. Unfortunately it was not the experience I was hoping for. Let's start with the entrance. Walked in (party of 2) and there was two women, one holding a boy, waiting. A gentleman walked up and asked us how many, and I pointed to the two women and said they were in front of us. The woman holding the boy then said "We're family, so you go first." Nice. Seat me and let me watch the woman stand and hold a baby. Sorry, but chivalry is not dead, and that made me feel like an ass. The two women (and baby) ended up sitting near us. More on that later...So the guy that seated us must be the owner (the woman with the baby appears to be his wife and kid). After he sat us, nobody stopped by for quite a while. Finally one woman asked us for our drink order. When she brought our water we ordered lettuce wraps. Another long period of nobody stopping by (and if you haven't been there, it's kind of hard for any staff to not see you). Finally yet another lady stopped by to take our dinner order. Here is where it all went downhill, as I realized where we were. Just another small family Thai restaurant all Ikea'd out to try and be modern and uptown. Here's the problem: If you want to be a small family restaurant, you have to be it. And I'm sure the food would rock. But if you want to be upscale, then you and your staff have to be upscale. That means organization. Who's section were we seated in? I'm guessing no-one's as they probably don't have sections. Back to momma and baby. Mom was sick. Coughing her ass off, yet she came into that restaurant. Seriously? Thanks a lot. If you're sick, stay home. ESPECIALLY if you own the place. Then she's carrying the boy around the place so he can see dad. Now, in my humble opinion, and I'm no pediatrician, kids are walking petri dish. Especially their hands. So what do I see? Mom lets boy grab one of the water jugs and she just takes his hands off it and goes on here way. So that was the end of water for me that night.OK, back to the food. Bad? No. Good? No. It was OK. It was fair, but small portions and way overpriced. Can't really say much more because nothing else really stuck out. Couldn't give them one star, as much as I wanted to, because the food was edible, but it's as close as it gets.
5	I recently celebrated my bachelorette party here and David, the owner, made sure it was a night to remember. He had a section reserved just for our party of 10, with decorations and a customized menu that said "Happy Bachelorette Party, Mindy!" on it. The personal touches made the night feel extra special. :) Then there was the top-notch service. David and his staff made sure we were well taken care of. The drinks never stopped flowing and the food was amaze! I've never tasted fresher spring rolls and the crab fried rice was phenomenal. I'm salivating just thinking about it and can't wait to go back with my husband-to-be and order it again.After our meal, David brought out a complimentary shot for all of us (a special concoction he created himself) then got up on a chair so he could take a proper group photo from a good angle. He didn't like how the first picture turned out, so he had an employee dim the lights in our area so he could take a better photo! I'm so glad he did that because the photo turned out great and I'll have that memory in digital form forever. He asked where were were headed next and we said we wanted to go to a bar to continue our shenanigans. He thought about it for a minute, then walked away. He came back a few minutes later with the owner of a bar a few doors down and introduced him to our group. The bar owner told us his bar was getting full and there was a 45 min wait at the door, but led us through the back door and gave us a big table right up front by the band. We felt like VIPs all night! It was a bachelorette party that I'll never forget!
5	I cannot come to Latitude Eight without eating the Green Curry dish or Spicy Eggplant Stir Fry!! Both are delicious! The Papaya Salad, and Lemongrass soup is delightful as well. This is one of my go to restaurants! I love the atmosphere and friendly staff. The lunch special is a steal!!
5	The owner came into the restaurant that I work at and after talking, told me that he owned this restaurant. I was intrigued. I brought my friend here and we both really liked it! We started with lettuce wraps (comes with 4). Good portion size, what I expected. They had good flavor, a little bit of spice. I would have these again.We also had the spring rolls. These were okay but they were not a favorite. I expected a fried or baked shell. Not the case. I don't know what they were wrapped in but it was sort of a sticky, clear, rubbery type of thing. I did not care for this. The sauce they came with was awesome! Some type of sweet chili sauce? I could eat that on anything! We then moved on to the thai beef salad and the pineapple fried rice with chicken (I think the name may have had something about curry also?)The thai beef salad was good. Nice fresh greens, the beef was juicy, saucy and hot, while the greens were cold and crisp. Nice portion, definitely did not leave hungry. I had the fried rice. It is supposed to be shrimp and chicken, I opted for just chicken because I don't eat seafood. THIS STUFF IS AMAZING!!! I am thinking I may go grab some for lunch today!! The sweet yellow curry is a great flavor! The chicken was great, tender, nice sized chunks. The sweet chili strips and pineapple were a great and unique twist on the old favorite, fried rice.Our bill was around 50 bucks (with tip) for all of this food and 1 iced tea (I had water). I think that is more than reasonable. I liked the decor and it did not, IN ANY WAY, feel all ikea'd out. I thought that they did a great job with the small space and it feels very open and clean. The appearance is not too modern that it is awkward and also, it does not feel cheap. I really like this restaurant and I am happy that the owner told me about it. I will be back and with more people! GOOD JOB LATITUDE EIGHT!!
4	Pretty frequent lunch destination when I worked at Gangplank down the street. Love the service and the owners. The food is good but a little pricey. Nice atmosphere and OK for groups if you get there early enough. The restaurant itself isn't too big, but they're happy to push tables together for you!
3	It was good, but we've had better Thai at less yuppy places. Little pricier than I wouldve liked for the portions you get.  We ordered for takeout, restaurant was a little small so glad we went home.
5	Love this place! I come every 2 weeks or so for lunch.  My favorite is the pad thai. Love the tai tea. Service is always excellent, food is always good. Don't miss this downtown chandler treat!
5	Can't get enough of this place!  We have been dining here for a while now and the food and service keeps us coming back.  My boyfriend loves spicy food and has a hard time getting it hot enough.  Not here....Thai hot is perfect, for him.  I love the pineapple fried rice and the martini's are amazing.  Can't wait to go back.
2	Another trendy restaurant with over priced small portion meals.
5	I've never finished my review for this place... and yet I'm here almost once a week for over a year now. lol. Sorry David!!The food is consistently stellar and I've had nearly everything on the menu and a few special items off-menu as well. The staff is very friendly and always attentive. Great for lunch and a good date spot in the evenings too. Quality drinks as it has mostly a full bar and just overall a wonderful restaurant.
3	The appetizers are REALLY bad, but the entrees were fantastic and plenty of food.
5	How can anyone give this place a bad review??? I've been here several times and it's over the top fantastic every time.  I often wonder if competitors post these negative reviews?  And did someone really give it a bad review because they were seated before someone else at that other person's insistence?  Or because another diner was coughing?  Get real.
2	I tried this place based on the Yelp reviews.  I was interested in finding a solid thai restaurant in Chandler.  This is not the place.  Very overpriced and food was average at best.  I really wanted to like this place and be able to support a local downtown Chandler establishment, but the food is just not good enough to keep my repeat business.  They need to check their prices against what they are producing and try again.
5	Hands-down the best Thai food in town. You haven't had pad Thai until you've tried it here. Always quality food and at a very reasonable price. It seems like the owners are always here making everyone feel welcome. I am really looking forward to trying their new place in Ocotillo. Oh, and the cantaloupe martini is a must.
2	I was there on 10/15/13 for dinner. The decor looks like IKEA threw up, lots of white and sharp angles very modern, which by it's self looks okay, but the tables were really short. I'm 6'4" and I felt like a giant sitting at the table. We started with Thai Beef Salad, this was very tasty and above average. My wife ordered Pad Thai which tasted very average, nothing special and at $13 was not a bad price for average. I on the other hand ordered Spicy Basil Prawns however I asked to substitute chicken for the prawns (a cheaper alternative) which they accommodated but the dish did not taste like any other spicy basil I've ever had, there was a sweet, citrus taste to it that I really did not like, I was still charged the same $16.To summarize, this place it trying to be an upscale Thai restaurant by offering small portions and large prices. However, the taste if the food does not compare to some of the other lower priced alternatives, Swaddee Thai comes to mind.
5	I like the Thai omlette, mine was done to perfection.  Hours are sparse, but worth a visit.
4	I've been there once.  Decor and ambience was clean and trendy.  Food was great but SMALL portions kept me ordering more food.  It would be a 5 star if it wasnt for their puny portions...
4	Pretty good Thai food. Cant go wrong. Nice atmosphere. No longer Lattitude 8. Now called Chao. Located on Dobson and Germann on Northeast corner.
4	I ordered the yellow curry with chicken. I love that dish and always judge a Thai place based on their curry. I thought it was really great. My boyfriend is not an adventurous diner so he ordered the Steak Pad Kee Mao and didn't really care for it. I just won't bring him the next time I need a Thai fix!
