5	I have been stalking this store for months, eyeing it greedily every time I visited the neighboring Costco, giddily anticipating the demise of the Camelback Target - a harbinger of the soon-to-be SuperTarget. At last, it is open!Of course, this happened right when I am very low on funds. Therefore I had to limit my trip to a brief recon only, and perhaps, buying one or two or thirty different things I "needed." (Hello, cheesy $1 skull necklace!) The booty even included food -- fresh food. I only managed to see 1/3 of the store, but it was glory to behold. Bright lights, clean floors, produce stacked in eerie perfection, a staff that greets you at every turn, and guides you to what you seek. AND, it has a Starbucks.Hurry, my friends. Get there before the deterioration begins. It is in Christown / Spectrum Mall, after all. Savor every glistening moment of Target nirvana, while it lasts.
5	I made a b-line for the phoenix spectrum plaza as soon as I learned tonight that the Super Target . I was just there for some Vaseline Lip Therapy and some Halloween merchandise, but god do they have everything. And pretty damn good everything at that. The even have a round-a-bout to get to the place when you access it off of 19th ave. How slick is that?The Halloween section was amazing. It a shame that a department store has taken over in terms of the best decorations in Arizona, but it has happened. I finally scored one of those sweet light up orange "Welcome" gate arches. It's been a long time coming. I also grabbed one of the other coolest decorations I have ever found: a black feather wreath. It is proudly hanging on my front door right now. It was the first thing I did when I got home (in spite of the fact that my house sweltered to somewhere around 90 degrees today with the air off). They also had a black roses wreath. It was a really fucking hard decision.The Halloween candy section is also not to be missed. When I saw they had Tootsie packages of just the Flavor Rolls this place became holy ground for me. The only place I've seen those before was at Teaching Tools and that place closed down. I got 5 bags. Unfortunately they didn't have stand alone packs of Milky Way Midnights. Alas, I got a variety pack. (I hate variety packs. Such a waste of money and you always get crap you don't want.)My only complaints were having to see (and worse hear) the new Matchbox 20 video when I walked through the entertainment section, which reminded me I was in a sanctum of corporate filth. I cleansed myself by putting on the new Liars in my car as soon as I got out of the store and taking a couple spins on the round-a-bout. Also disappointing was the shopping cart I took from the front of the store, which despite the fact that I was in a brand new target and got a brand new cart, I still managed to pick one where one of the wheels was busted. I swear I must be cursed.Also a shame was the fact they replaced the credit card readers that suck your card in while you complete the transaction with normal ones that you just slide your card through like everywhere else. I loved those credit card readers for some reason. I guess they decided that the card-sucking-action was cool but flagrantly unnecessary.But all in all this place is good times. They had to kick me out at the 10pm closing hour to get rid of me.
5	While most Targets are EVIL (in a good way, for having all kinds of cool stuff), this store takes the cake and is SUPER EVIL! I love it. I think the grocery and extra space has something to do with it.  Typically I am an average and reasonable Target spender (think I will spend $50, but spend $75 without really knowing how I did that).The grocery area is Ok, but is lacking in choices -- high on the store brand-Archer Farms label, but low on healthy low-fat and premium name-brand items.  The rest of the store is high on other items -- featuring a number of clothing and housewares that wouldn't be featured at regular Target stores.  It's clean for now and like every other large store in the world, features a Starbucks, but will probably be trashed next year...lol.
3	Imagine my dismay when I rolled  up to the ghetto Target on 7th Ave and see it moved to 19th Ave. All righty then. So I fight the traffic/construction/random people in the road/low riders/huge trucks/light rail and go deeper into the West Side. West Siiiiiiiiide indeed. I have no idea what that means.The mere size of the building and parking lot are impressive. I'm happy with the spacious aisles and great food section. The home section is all right too. The accessories and clothes section is pretty terrible. The Indian Bend/101 Britney Spears Target is much better for non-food items. The store is laid out in a very confusing way but I think I'll get used to it.Oh - one really gross thing: I found a dead BUG - that 's right - a B-U-G in one of the decorative x-mas bags I bought. Ew.Clean up! Otherwise average.
3	Ho Hum People. Ho Friggin' Hum. Now, just so you have the facts, I've grown up with TarJay...(soft on the J). I've had the two stories. The one's with valet, yea, short lived, but it did happen. And now, finally, the dumpy ass Target at 7th and Camelback had a makeover. And a move. I'm surprised Ty Pennington and his annoying bullhorn weren't at the opening. Anyhoo...we finally checked it out tonight. It was Target. Er, um, TarJay. Big? Yes. Well lit? Hell, ya...turn down those flourescents, would ya? I just found the layout NOT user friendly. Again, hanging signs EVERYWHERE, but no main map so you can plot your binge shopping strategy. Received some messed up help in the humidifier section. Yes, the humidifier section. Typical TarJay story for any of us...thought I'd spend $100 and doubled that in the bonus lane apparently. All in all. Not that Super. Just Bigger. C'mon, give me super. Give me great. Give me. Target Heaven!!!!
4	I'm a Target gal. Yes, that's right. I covet Target with as much love as my cold little heart can handle. I make excuses just to go visit it, and when I go I'm giddy and flush with excitement.  It's my petite mort, you could say, in a big box o' commerce. Like so many other Target-addicts, we're sucked in by the store's mindless rows of "stuff," and spit out with an entire cart of things we never really needed but were manically drawn to. I don't think I've ever left Target without at least one item I never intended to purchase. Their marketing people are geniuses and, I suspect, a little evil.Now this particular Target is much more than your typical red bulls-eye store. It's SUPER.  That is, it also carries food -- and I don't mean snacks and a few essentials.  I'm talking about a whole grocery store inside.  Okay, like Super Walmart, but better, right?  Except, the price. The price of Super Target food is kind of.... high. Okay, so I am use to Fry's prices, but I figured Target would compete and promote "Target Buys" or "Triple-Coupon Days" or something like that.  Nope.  They do have their generic brands at lower prices, but they don't have any substantial sales on any of their meats, produce or general food items.  It was a real disappointment... and kind of shook me back to reality. No fun, when all you want to do is have a little fun at Target.  Oh well, I'll still be it's gal.  I won't let a few hang-ups keep me from my true love.
5	I absolutely love this Target. At first I was a little bummed by the closing of the location on 7th Ave and Camelback, because 1. my trip would be further/longer, 2. anything with the word "Super" in it freaks me out, and 3. It's at Christown..I mean, Spectrum Mall. Yikes! I was a little hesitant at first, thinking the "ghetto-ness" of the mall would immediately infiltrate and overrun the place. I'm pleased to know that this has yet to happen since it's opening. Yay! So onto my review...This Target is the mother-load of Targets. Seriously. They have anything and everything you could ever want. The thing that gets me with Target is the catchy marketing and packaging of just about everything in the store. Everything is cute and attractive and screaming at you to buy it. I love that their stock is constantly changing, the clothes, for example, and that they constantly have great clearance and sale racks. This store, I've noticed, is much cleaner than other stores in the Valley, and the checkouts are always flowing smoothly. Customer service here is great as well.  I haven't done too much food shopping here. I've noticed that many name brand items are seemingly discounted, and while they don't carry the inventory of an actual grocery store, they carry many, many varieties of the items they do have. Chime in: brilliant packaging. The only beef I have with Target is the terrible addiction that overcomes me when I step inside. Every time I visit I make a list, and even though I try my hardest to stick to that list, my cart ends up overflowing with about $100 more in crap than what I intended. Damn you, Target.
5	I love this Super Target so much I am compelled to say its name in a sing-songy way. Suuuuuper Taaaar-get! Understand that this is not normal behavior for me.I love this Super Target so much that I endured the light rail construction. Thank heaven it's pretty much done now. The Christown chaos pisses Hubby off so much he almost never goes with me. But that's ok- more time for me to poke around.I love the awesome pet department. They even have the new styles of scratchers and corrugated chaise lounges as well as kitty clothes. Now if only I could get my monsters to wear the lobster hat...I love the grocery store part. There are food items here I haven't seen outside of AJ's, and for a much more reasonable price! Their Archer Farms store brand is better than expected. Their fair trade coffee pods (for use in our Senseo machine) is simply the best coffee I have ever had. I love that this store is so new and clean and well-organized. They even have people patrolling the parking lot in Segways. Suck it, Walmart.
5	as we move into the future there will be two things. Target and Wal-Mart.everything else will cease to exist. even roaches will die off before these two megaliths. the biggest difference i first notice between the two..cleanliness Super Target is spotless. the produce area is sparkling and the refrigerated fruit bins are wood accented. like wtf. they look better then some craftsmen kitchens. the isles are wide and bright, and void of clutter. food prices are equal to walmart. I've read reports that confirm this comment. i think one of the reasons this place is so clean..all the disgusting dirty people are still at wal-mart.i fear things will change when the overwhelming hordes of the poverty stricken realize that super target is the same price. but for now super target is the cleanest.moving over to checkout, i noticed another difference between walmart and super target. i got in line and there wasn't a line. walmart. i expect to stand in line for 20 minutes. and do. that could be because all those people are still at walmart instead of super target...hmm. could be.last comment regarding the difference between wal-mart and target. the employees. i think they have a heigene pre-qualifier at super target, and all teeth are required. next the obvious proper grooming before coming in to work. everyone looked like they had showered that month. i cannot say the same for walmart employees. i have been torn asunder in shock by some walmart employees. WTF is wrong with you people. don't fucking smile if your missing teeth. ok. sorry cyber-terrets syndrome here.
5	My mom gets jealous when I tell her I'm going to Super Target.  See, she lives in Payson and only has *gulp* WalFart up there.The parking lot is spacious and it's always easy to find a convenient spot to park in.Walking in, I feel such a sense of calm.  The aisles are wide, there aren't a million screaming, dirty kids running around, and it's not loaded with the kiosks you'll find at WalWhiteTrashMart.Prices are decent and there's always some sort of price cut, usually exactly what I need at the moment.Grocery selection is great for a non-grocery place.  Could use help on the produce, though.People are always friendly and it seems they enjoy working here.What gives it 500 cool points????  The parking lot security guy.  On a Segway!!!!!!!  You won't find THAT at WalIAlwaysGetPinkeyeMart!
5	Put it this way. At one end of Spectrum Mall is Wal-mart SuperCenter. At the other end is Super Target. The distance between the two stores isn't all that far. But the difference between them is vast. Super Target is extremely clean, well lit, and well stocked. It's also usually quiet which is a great plus. Large signage hanging from the ceiling helps you navigate the store with ease. And the prices are quite comparable with Wal-mart pricing. And check out the bakery/deli section. Most of the time there are free samples to be had. Shopping plus snacks. I've been there on weekend days where they have vendors handing out free samples throughout the grocery section. If I am in the Christown/Spectrum Mall area and need to go to a discount department store to pick up groceries and basic needs I know which end of the parking lot I'm headed to.
5	Every time I come to this SuperTarget, I smile. I also get those swirls in my stomach like I'm falling in love all over again. They really do have everything you need.Part of what really puts SuperTarget on tops is their baby registery. No kidding, I've used this service twice and was very impressed both times. Being able to shop for groceries and underwear at the same place is truly amazing.
5	You know Super Target is the greatest invention ever.  Not only do I love target shopping, but now you give me a reason to go once a week.  Thank you Target.This place is always clean and well lit.  There are never annoying intercom interruptions like at WalMart and the people who work there are always helpful.The food selection is pretty standard but they offer great prices that easily beat Safeway and Bashas.  I wish their produce selection was better but it's still pretty good.The "stuff" section of Target is always the best.  I love their quality items and their great prices.  You really can't beat it.The best thing about Target is that they put money back into the community.  They are responsible for keeping the Children's Museum open for free on First Fridays and they donate part of their profits to local schools.  Target you rock! Also, you are on the light rail which, to say the least, kicks serious butt.
5	Oh my gosh, what is there not to love about Target? Then there's SUPER Target! I love this place. I have gotten groceries, toys, clothes... you name it. And last time I went in, I was asked 2 times if I was finding everything okay. Yes, Mr. Customer Service, I am, thank you :) Always clean, always friendly, never any crackhead employees. Gives me another reason to never have to step foot in to another WalMart (my life long mission). Thank you Super Target, you rock!
5	SuperTaget LOVEOK so compare uh a  frosty PBR to um lets say a 50 year old bottle of Glenfiddich (I'm a whiskey girl!) That is how I would compare walmart to SUPERTARGET. I do go to walmart and I go in proudly, but its just not as super. MY ONLY PROBLEM IS WHEN I GO I WANT TO BUY EVERYTHING!!! It's an illness, I can't help it. Even if I don't find something....which is rare...I usually end up grabbing a bunch of stuff from those darn dollar bins. The home goods and kitchen stuff are aHHmaZiZIng. My apartment is eventually going to look like it could be in a target ad, which is just sad. They have pretty cute clothes too and I love the fact they have big time designers making brands for target. I don't buy to much food there...I usually just get my veggie chips and soy milk and occasionally check out the Fruit and Seafood selection.The store as a whole is impeccable with it's cleanliness and the Customer service is wonderful.
5	I seriously LOVE this store find virtually anything you want under the bulls eye (they have a large selection of groceries)  ... and the meat/steaks RULE ... I'm not kidding.
3	I love target, and Super Target is practically heaven for me! I am so disappointed with this one, though, for it's lack of customer service. Its bad enough that they barely have vegetarian/ vegan stuff. which I can live with because I have other stores for that. But when I buy say 125.00 bucks worth of stuff and I have to suffer the uncomfortable NON conversation of the sales clerks...that just makes any good shopping experience crap in my book.  You might get a hello from them, and don't let it be about time for them to go home- cause then you feel like your imposing on their day...by making them DO THEIR JOB!? I can't take another ho-hum sales clerk, and this is the closest one to me. So target, dear target, hire someone that ISN'T a sour puss. GIve someone that deserves an eight dollar an hour job just that! Other than that, this place is very clean and always the Target I expect.  Just...fix your staff pleaeeeeeeeeeese!
4	What can I say...it's the closest Target to where I live and it is easily accessible to the lightrail.  Thus making me a fan!  I can't say this is any better or worse than any Target I have visited.  It suits my needs when I need my Target fix.
5	This place is the best of all the big chain stores in this area.  People think Targets prices on items are more than Walmart prices, but I believe they are wrong.  The groceries such as produce and meats are much better quality and the prices are very close to the same.  They have any item or brand you could want, with very good prices.  In comparison, I went shopping at my local grocery store and spent $50. I left there with 3 bags.  At Super Target, I spend $80 (after coupons) and left with more than twice the amount of food.  The best kept secret is that they discount their meat when it gets close to the expiration date, so you get excellent quality flavorful meat for a great price!  I also love the atmosphere, clean and bright, not like the other big box store at the opposite end of this mall.
5	This may be the only big box chain that I can tolerate going into. Probably because they always have everything I need, and things seem to be more my style here and less crazy than others. Another bonus is that this Target is Super. And close to the light rail. And by close, I mean it is right there.Last time I walked into Target I ended up buying two pillows for my sofa that *finally* matched my awkwardly awesome accent color in my living room. And Mortal Kombat. Where else can you do that? And don't say Wal-Mart. No one has those damn pillows. No one but Target. Sometimes Target is funny too. And not just on April Fools Day. One time I saw an item was out of stock, and there was a label near it listing a replacement item, that was in fact, not a replacement item at all. I love catching things like that. You amuse me Target.So long as you follow the rule to use a basket and not a cart in Target you will walk out with both you and your wallet being happy :)
2	Target your pharmacy staff needs some serious help.  My healthcare provider wrote a script for a medication that was an injectable, some needles, and a syringe.   Nevertheless, when I picked up the medication the syringe was on order and you could not find my order for needles.  Then when I go to get my injection, I find out that the pharmacy staff was arguing with my doctors office on the size of needles needed.  Who is my health care provider?  Ugh, I should have taken this particular script to CVS or someplace that does not have a 4 tech to 1 actual pharmacist ratio.  All for that $10 giftcard coupon.  Now I'm not sure if that free bottle of Cheer was worth it for all this hassle.  I guess maybe if my clothes stay colorful and bright I can laugh about this.  Remind me next time Target I will only bring you prescriptions with monosyllabic words.  Shish.
5	This is a GREAT Target!  I am an avid target shopper and have lived all over the valley and this is one of the best.  Super clean, bright and friendly staff!  Worth going a few minutes out of my way for one stop shopping.  Oh Target how I love thee.
4	I am a big fan of the Target snack bar.  I always get the pizza hut sticks combo.However, I am not a fan of employees chit- chatting in the back while there are no napkins & dirty tables. The napkin situation was fixed...after I told them they were out.But the tables remaind dirty during my visit. (I had to clean mine before sitting down.)
4	This is a pretty good Target.  Lots of parking. Starbucks is also in this store. It has a full supply of food. A Pharmacy, and full electronic center.   It is a very clean store they have great sales and a good stock.              The Pharmacy has good hours  but, the staff is not the friendliest.         But, no big deal.  All in all a good store not bad for any type of shopping.
4	If I lived in Arizona, this would be my default Target. The only downfall in why it's not 5 stars is that the layout doesn't make a lot of sense in terms of where items are located in the store. Honestly, my friend and I were trying to find very basic things and it was overwhelming since the store was so dang big! Blessing and a curse wrapped in one.
4	I love this store! I have done a price comparison of the 40 items I use most Target vs. Wal-Mart and it was 50/50. Sometimes Target was cheaper and other times Wal-Mart was cheaper.So there is NO reason to go to Wal-Mart if you think it is cheaper there, it isn't necessarily.Target is cleaner, better organized and have a better class of shopper. However, I would not go there after dark. Someone attempted to mug me. They got nothing, I screamed and they took off for the light-rail.
2	This Target has gone down hill since their grand opening 4 or 5 years ago. The staff are rude and have attitudes partly because management does not hold accountable to higher standards. Hoodrats pass though the parking lot and harass for money or ask what you be about? (gangs) Managers refuse to have security patrol outside and told me their security is only to protect the customers and merchandise inside the store. The area is ghetto, but Wally's immediately 2 blocks to the east manages to have nicer staff and a safer parking lot with about 10 plain clothes and uniformed officers handling the parking and inside the store.
1	So I went to Target today to purchase a few things, one of those items was $8 nail polish. When I came home it was not in my bags, it wasn't even scanned. This is the second time this happens; I guess they don't want to make money. Secondly, last week while I stood in line to be checked out I unloaded my ENTIRE CART of groceries on to the belt. The woman in front of me is paying with a check once she finishes the cashier starts to sell her the Target credit card. The customer is very hesitant and asks a million questions before finally saying yes. (Now keep in mind that I was being very patient with them) Finally the woman decides to get the card and right on the spot they start processing that transaction. I finally speak up and ask how much longer it would take and their response was " yea, it's going to take a while"  then I ask if I should go to a different register or what. The cashier looks at me like I'm stupid so I load everything back to my cart and leave to another register. I don't understand why they wouldn't direct the woman to customer service to finish getting her credit card application filled out and get all the info she needed. Anyways at the second register the same thing! Another lady was paying with a check which took forever, then they scanned an item I did not want and needless to say it was a huge hassle. The cashiers there are not attentive at all and this has been the worst customer service I have personally ever experienced. It's a shame because I want to like Target but they need new, SMART, employees.
5	I love this place. Go here once a week and I always have a good experience. It has what I need and always for a good price. It's a good environment too, save for the stray uppity snob or Walmart pedestrian. I can deal with them. I always have a great experience here.
4	This is a great Target. Lots of nice employees and always greet you with a  smile. Even the Starbucks people do so. VERY clean inside and out! Would recommend instead of the Wal-Mart on the other side of the plaza.The only bad is it's right next to the light rail station. Lots of creepers and people who think they are badass walk around.
4	Clean and great customer service.
4	Look, I love Target as much as the next person, and this store is no exception. It's huge, clean, well stocked and is close to my home.  It's located in the Christown mall, and I shop here from time to time.I like that they have a grocery section here, along with a pharmacy, optical, a Starbucks and a pizza hut as well.  But, I will say, Target as a whole over the past few years has been letting me down.  Not this specific branch, but Target as a whole.  Sometimes I come here to this specific location and they don't always carry what I need, weather it's Target as a whole or just this branch.For example, last summer I needed a new mop head.  I came here because I didn't want to go to Walmart, and looked around for the mop head and couldn't locate it. I asked the girl to help me find it, and they said they were out, and wouldn't have any more for several days. I hate to say it, but instead, I ran across the parking lot to Walmart, and they had it in stock!Another time, I've come here for other random household items, stuff that should be easy to find and locate. I would find some of my items, but not all. I figured why only get half of my shopping list?  So I would put my items back and go to another store. Such items are 1 or 2 pound containers of sugar that they didn't carry (but they did have 5 pounds of sugar which is way to much for me), hair gel by Loreal..they would have the shampoo and conditioner, but no hair gel! Another time this morning I came here for some large Ziploc bags for clothing storage.  I asked the girl where they would be and she walked me to the storage area and we could not find them.  They had the space bags that you vacuum out the air in, but not the other kind that I wanted with a zipper.  She was kind and nice, but said that if they weren't there she wasn't sure where they would be. I wandered over to the kitchen storage area in the grocery section and found them myself.  Why would they put them over there? I tried to find the girl again to show her what I was talking about but never saw her again, so I checked out and left.Overall, I do like Target, but it's these gaps that make me hesitant about shopping here (or at any Target) more often.  I've always received excellent service here, but the lack of standard items, staff not always knowing where it is, and running out of random stuff happens all to often.
3	This Target is the closest to where I live, and because I am a creature of convenience, this is where I go. I always fret a little bit about the location, because it is not the nicest. Sometimes I feel uncomfortable with some unsavory characters in the parking lot or hanging out by the entrance. But once inside, it is as nice as any other Target, plus it's a super Target, so you can buy fresh produce if you so desire. Go here if it's by your house, otherwise, don't bother.
5	Score! Recently moved and discovered that this was my closest Target!!! It truly is super! The only bummer is that it is a very busy store and sometimes shelves are not fully stocked. Groceries, optical, pharmacy they have it all.
3	I've visited this target several times, but have never shopped the entire store.  I've only been to the shoes, women's and junior's section.  They always seem to be well stocked.  The clearance racks though are horrible.  There is no rhyme or reason to any of it.  Clothes aren't sized and in a lot of cases the size on the hanger isn't the size of the dress, shirt, pants, sweater, etc.  If you don't mind taking your time to go through the racks and comb through you can find some good deals.  I've been to a lot of targets in the valley and found that this one has the largest selection and variety of women's shoes which is nice.
5	This is a great Target -- perhaps better than other Targets, too, because they have stands where you can sample some items. It's clean. There are a lot of clearance items. It's large - you can get food and other regular Target items. :]
4	The deli guy is really friendly! The girl at Starbucks is not. :\
5	Large, clean, organized, stocked. They have samples in the grocery  and the cashiers open more registers when busy, unlike walmart down the street.  Wish the target near my place was as good as this one.PS: there's a yelper below who thinks sushi is Chinese? sm(asian)h
4	Conveniently located just off the light rail, this Super Target is the antithesis of the Super Wal-Mart located at the other end of Chris-Town Mall, which is to say its clean, organized, well-stocked, a parking lot that's not a nightmare, and helpful employees.With a great selection of groceries, clothing, housewares, toys, electronics, books, and music, this Super Target has everything for your shopping needs. It even has a pharmacy, snack bar, and a coffee shop in front. If you're looking for a Big Box store on this side of town, this is the one to choose.
5	Easy accessible target, always clean and neat. It has the light rail right across. An open not cluttered place. Probably my favorite target here in central Phoenix.
5	What is not to like about Target? Except they do not sell guns , but that is no reason to nock any stars off
4	Average location. Not in the hood, but not a really great area either. There is a Starbucks at this location and the store itself is clean and well organized inside.
5	I absolutely love everything about target.  Simply love it.
3	This target is really big humongous inside lots of security it is kind of in a bad neighborhood so that you're some bombs out of the parking lot begging for money but if you can get past Cencenta problem does have a Starbucks inside check it out it's pretty big it's right in Crisstown Shopping center.
5	This place has just about everything you need as a "Super Target". I used to go to the nearby Walmart but Target is just a much more pleasant shopping experience. It's clean and much less crowded. I've come at various times and never had to wait long at checkout. Parking is easy at this location. I've also found some really go deals here.
5	This is probably one of my favorite stores. 100 times better than the Walmart around the corner from this location which I have a "nice" review on as well...This place is clean with lots of wiggle room. They always have a good number of checkout lines open- I have never had to wait a long time to get my stuff checked out. The dollar area in the store near the shoes is cool and the shelves are always stocked well. They have a nice candy aisle. I will admit the cosmetics area can be messy. I like that they have some of the cosmetics have testers but the mess is caused by customers who don't know any manners...There is a Starbucks here and also a snack bar. They have tables where you can sit and eat. They serve hot dogs, popcorn, nachos, ICEEs and best of all Pizza Hut pizza, breadsticks and pasta! I LOVE the pizza hut pan pizza and this location always seems to have them available. Another Target I use to go to NEVER cooked the pizza unless asked to... or they were just too lazy to make them. There is always pizza here ready to take and eat. Great place to eat at before or after you shop.For what it's worth (and I get people not liking it) they do have an officer or two in or around the store along with standard security patrolling the parking lot. I say better to have them around than not in this crazy world.
4	This target is clean and well-organized.  Shelves are fully stocked and store has a good produce section.  While stuck in Phoenix during the storm Ion and cold snap in Chicago, I was able to find a warm(ish) dress to wear when i returned to the tundra as well as all the toiletries and food that I needed during my stay.  In addition, the proximity of the store to a light rail station was super convenient.
4	This target is pretty decent, though it's not as big as some of the other ones I've been to and has less options in the deli area, which is sad because I actually like some of Target's freshly prepared stuff. This one also has minimal produce options, especially organic options.A lot of the staff that I have seen here have been either really great and accommodating or just unprofessional. For example: I worked with some sort of supervisor about a return and he was really not knowledgeable about Target's procedures and wasn't really helpful. However, a few of the check-out cashiers are great and very nice/helpful with whatever you need. In the end, the amount of nice, knowledgeable, professionals outweighs the amount of potentially fire-able people.
2	Make sure to inspect each and every piece for dings and deformities before you assemble. The materials used are very soft and deform very easily.
4	Conveniently placed Target from my apartment, clean, organized and has everything you can possibly think of. There's a Starbucks here, so you can grab a drink while you shop. They also have an area just for produce and food, which is great so you can shop and buy groceries at the same time.Really cool to see high end makeup/skincare like Laneige, Vichy and Mondavi items in their cosmetics aisle as well.Love the clearance item prices here and have been offered help by employees every time I am shopping here. The check out lines go through quickly and make shopping a lot faster and easier.Parking is also good as there are various spots under trees, the only con is that some people leave shopping carts randomly in the lot and there are people who come around and ask for money while you're parking or have just parked.
4	Convenient. So it's my favorite. So this is my neighborhood Target. I shop here, my family shops here, and this is the only store protecting us from having to go to Wal-Mart, which is in the same plaza just on the other side. Price wise, Target is competing with Wal-Mart on most items so we can justify spending slightly more so we can shop in a clean and nice store with good customer service. Things I would note is the fact that the service is good and the place is always clean. I can appreciate that they keep it clean (including the bathrooms). The pharmacy is in my view the "weakest link" at this Target. Specifically, there is a girl who works the phone in the pharmacy section and every time I call regarding mine or my mother's prescription, she hangs up or tells me she'll call back. And then does not call us back. We're used to it by now but it is still disappointing when you compare that to the exceptional service that is everywhere else in this Target location. The Starbucks is amazing. The girls working inside the coffee shop there are great and they know my mother's drink and know us both by name now. They make her drink as they see her approaching, which is a remarkable level of service in my opinion. The checkouts sometimes get backed up with 4 lanes open out of 25 but that's pretty rare and is way more common at Wal-Mart or even other local stores, so it doesn't bother me much. Regarding the optical center, they do a good job for my mom and she's always been happy with the level of service there as far as getting her contacts and getting her eye exam. Price is decent, and she can grab a Starbucks on the way out, which she loves. Overall, I would rate this Target a solid 4 out of 5, with the room for improvement being in the pharmacy section. If that were to get better, I would upgrade the review to a 5 out of 5. So we'll see what happens.
2	I just spent $142 at Target, most of which was groceries.  While I generally remember to check the "sell by" dates for perishable items, I accidentally purchased some carrot cupcakes for $2.99 with a "sell by" date of 08/08.  Today is 08/23.  That's 15 days ago!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Earlier, I had to go through all of the cheeses to find a 24-pack that had not already expired.  So, it's my fault for not remember to check the cupcakes.  I plan to return them later and do not expect any difficulties receiving a refund.  It's just so inconvenient to have to make multiple trips to Target because of something so stupid.
4	They got everything you need at a price that won't kill you.  They have a good selection of clothes and housewares.  The grocery store is ok but not where i usually grocery shop.   Enjoy the wide selectuons they have and that they gave all the things you need.  Alsi thjng the registries are a terrific idea.
5	It's the biggest store in the world, has considerable stock. And Target performs flower show in the spring, the dancers show at Herald Squares.
