5	Top-Notch Italian food. Have dined there on 4 occassions and been impressed each time... I can verify that the pasta is handmade. One afternoon I ate a late lunch and watched the chef in action. Low-key dining. Candles on the tables. Acoustic guitar player on Friday. Nice spot for a date.
5	I can't believe more people don't know about Vincitorio's -- it's easily  the best Italian restaurant in the Valley. The great food, combined with a cool atmosphere (a lot of people are regulars who the bartenders and owners know by name) earns it five stars from me.My husband and I found this restaurant by accident as we had some time to kill before watching a movie in the adjacent, slightly-ghetto Tempe Pollack Cinemas. We just grabbed some wine and an appetizer, but after looking at the menu, we had to come back.That was a year ago, and this place has never disappointed us since. It's a small, cozy place with a guitar-playing singer on weekend nights. Also, one of the waiters is an opera singer and he will occasionally belt out  a quick song, a Capella, in the middle of the restaurant.When my husband and I came here Friday night, we started off with an appetizer of asparagus (cooked perfectly) with prosciutto. Then I had the eggplant parmigiana (I'm sure it's terribly fattening, but was delicious) and he had some special with seafood and a spicy marinara sauce. He said it was delicious. We finished with a huge piece of their tiramisu, which is heavenly and surprisingly light (for tiramisu, that is...).The only thing that 'could' be a downside to this restaurant is that it's small and tight, so sometimes, even if you make reservations, you might have to wait around for 15 minutes. It's gotten even busier since Phoenix Magazine ran a feature on it, too, last year. That's not an issue for us -- just give yourself some extra time if you are in a hurry. When we came here for Valentine's Day last year, they were running quite behind -- but the owners gave everyone who was waiting a complimentary glass of champagne, which I thought was really a nice touch.Oh, and if you get a chance to try their butternut squash ravioli, go for it...it's great, too.
4	The service was not great and a bit slow.  However, the food for than made up for it.  YUM!  I had a salad with jalapeno ranch and then the butternut squash ravioli.  It was so good that I can't wait to go back and get it again.  We were lucky enough to hear the waiter singing Happy Birthday in Italian while we were there and that was a treat.  Oh, I would skip the pineapple, chantilly cream cake we had for dessert.  I wasn't impressed.
5	Vinictorios has the most authentic italian pizza I have had in the states. It is excellent! They also have great pasta dishes.
4	A friend of mine met MT who plays guitar here on Friday and Saturday nights and wanted to hear him play, so I agreed to accompany her to VinciTorio's this past Saturday. She pitched it as a "deli" so I totally did not expect table linens and homemade orecchiette! Turns out the chef is from the same region in Italy as my maternal grandmother (Puglia). I remember making orecchiette with her when I was a little girl. It's one of my favorites, so of course I had to chose that for my entree. Orecchiette ("Priest Ears" or "Little Ears") are little hat or ear shaped pasta that do a fabulous job of storing sauce. I have not yet tried the red sauce at VinciTorio's (part of the reason I can't commit to five full stars) since this orecchiette was topped with olive oil, garlic, broccolini, ground sausage and pecorino cheese.  It was delicious!  Entree prices ranged from $12-20 and come with soup or salad. The wine list had some good selections. I especially liked the pinot nero "Terre di Gioia" which was only $7/glass! (I also had the panna cotta for dessert. It was good, but a little too heavy on the raspberry puree.) And, we got to enjoy all of this with live acoustic guitar renditions of classic Eagles and Tom Petty... not what you expect to hear on the streets of Monopoli, but easy on the ears, anyway! Based on their web site, it looks like they host some pretty cool events... like the upcoming Italian dinner and a movie night.I'm looking forward to returning and trying some sauce to make a final assessment; although, by the crowd of people waiting in the parking lot when we left, I'm guessing it's pretty good!
3	Enjoyed the cheesesteak sandwich with house potato chips.  Lunch buffet wasn't stellar.  Love the fact that you can call ahead in the morning and have fresh whole wheat pasta made in time for dinner.  Be prepared to be surprised by the price.  I didn't think it warranted the cost.  I did enjoy the veal scaloppini!Pizzas looked good, but haven't tried them yet.
4	VinciTorio's is great for many reasons.  First it has a great atmosphere, the tables, the lighting, the music all help set the mood very well.  I usually use my wife's ice team glass as a barometer as to how attentive the staff is to patrons and her glass was always full.  The food is wonderful and much better than the Olive Garden type fare that seems to be popular with many Italian restaurants these days.  A great choice for Italian food in Tempe.
4	We really enjoyed our dinner at VinciTorios. The basket of bread came with cubes of what looked and tasted like focaccia. We each had a glass of $8 chianti but I can't remember  the specific name of the one we had. There is a pretty large selection of wines by the glass.  Instead of soup with our pasta entrees we had the house salads. I would have liked more mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce but it was ok. One of us had the homemade Gnocchi al Pomodoro Fresco. It was delicious and not overly smothered with sauce. The other of us had the Ravioli di Zuca - a butternut squash filled pasta. The squash was very sweet. The sauce tasted like a light cream sauce. WHen I read the menu I thought it would have a thicker consistency with more of a strong cheese flavor but it really tasted overall like a cream-type sauce.  It was also very good.   Affordable and delicious - we will most probably return every once in a while - definitely better than many of the other local restaurants.
5	What's all this 5-Star hysteria about a spaghetti joint in a strip mall?  "It's this...  It's that...  Blah, blah blah."  Sounds like a bunch of balogna to me.  Let's go knock this place down a couple of stars.Well, it does have a very nice decor... not exactly formal, but with a definite upscale flair.  The atmosphere is inviting & there are a good number of diners on hand for a weekday lunch.  Some nice music is playing, & my inside corner table is a pleasant place.  I help myself to some mostly-made salad, & pretty soon il cameriere brings my drink & some warm, tasty garlic bread.Back at the serving area, there are three roll-top chafers, each containing a substantial main course, & of course ho fatto un suino di me stesso.  (Let's just say that means I had some of everything!)Ok, so what did we end up with here:  Beautiful place, delicious food, excellent service.  So is that supposed to make it great or something?  Uh... pretty much!This review is of the weekday buffet.  It's $8.95 including coffee or a soft drink.  Menu service is also available at lunchtime, & this would be an excellent place to bring a date for dinner.  (I'd make reservations!)
4	We were in AZ house hunting and our real estate agent suggested this place.  We are glad to have a place we can casually go for yummy calamari.  *Calamari = wonderful....crispy, light, flavored just perfectly*Pasta = pretty good.*Bread = good.*Decor = honestly, it's kinda outdated....but it also gives you the family atmosphere feel.*Service = very nice.
4	My mom, her friend, and I had dinner at VinciTorio's last night, and what a great dinner it was. A Pilates instructor actually suggested it to my mom and so, as a loyal Yelper, I called my boyfriend and had him check the reviews. Good prices and food? We're there. We showed up around 7 without having called ahead to find that there was a small line of people ahead of us. The restaurant was packed with families and elderly people. A good sign. We waited and chatted with the hostess, who gave us some recommendations off the menu of her favorite items. The decor was really cute, all I can really think of to call it is busy. Lots of family photographs, fake vines and leaves, painted walls. Even the bathroom has some framed photos of someone's baby, which I found hilarious. There was also some live music, from a guitarist singing covers of sappy soft rock love songs (I'm not going to lie, yes I do know all the lyrics to "I'll Be". Judge me.) We were seated quickly and immediately brought water. Our server's name was Josh and he came right after the buser left to ask us about drinks. None of us wanted any wine or anything and he was super polite and did not judge (appreciated), and took our calamari appetizer order while giving us time to further peruse the menu. He came back with a drink for my mom's friend and a basket of delicious bread: garlic bread on a toasted baguette, and some focaccia with tomato and basil sauce. I decided on their lasagna, my mom's friend got the seafood fettucine, and my mom ordered eggplant parmesan. The calamari arrived and it was so frickin' good! The spicy marinara sauce was fresh and had huge chunks of tomatoes and a liberal sprinkling of dried peppers in it. The calamari was in large spiraled chunks (rather than the tiny ringed slices you usually get), with a light crispy breading. We finished it off right away with the bread; there is olive oil and balsamic vinegar at the table for you to mix yourself, and we definitely partook in it with the bread. Lots of grease, I know. We were then brought salads and soup; I had a Ceaser salad that had too much parmesan on it, and they both had the Italian wedding soup, which was like an Italian albondigas: a tiny orvo looking pasta, shredded veggies, white beans, and tiny meatballs. They both loved the soup. At this point, we're already starting to fill up, when our entrees arrived. My mom's friend's pasta came in a large bowl: jumbo shrimp, clams, and mussels on fettucine, drizzled with a light tomato broth. My mom's eggplant parmesan had penne and a vegetable mix (not canned, but sliced and steamed zucchini, summer squash, and carrots). The eggplant parm was great; I disagree with the review below that says eggplant parmesan is supposed to be cut thick. I've never been to Italy so I can't speak to that level of authenticity, but every Italian deli that I've been to slices the eggplant thinly, breads it, and then stacks it on thick. This is because eggplant has mild toxins it, people. It's purple for a reason-you're not supposed to eat it raw, EVER, and if it's cut thick and not fully cooked to softness, that chewy eggplant texture means it still retains some toxicity. My lasagna was deliciosu and definitely very fresh; the ricotta was fragrant with basil, and the homemade pasta was extremely tender. There was too much mozzarella at the top but I think I'm just picky; I peeled the mozzarella off the eggplant as well because that much cheese really masks the taste for me. We were all too full to even come close to finishing, so we picked and picked until just packing it up. Appetizer, one soft drink, and 3 dinner time entrees for $60. How's that for a nice evening? Commendations again, on the service, the food, and an overall extremely pleasant experience. The ambience is very nice, and I could see this being a lovely place for a date or to bring your family to. It makes me feel good to support a family-owned business that is so welcoming to their clientele.
3	Clean, crisp atmosphere. A true neighborhood, non-chain restaurant that wraps you in its personality from the very minute you walk in. Service is cordial without being overly friendly. Wine selection is outstanding and a few beers --yes, Italian beers available. I tried their Birra Moretti, and enjoyed its robust taste. The Menu is nice and balanced. Try their homemade pasta. I tried their fish special and was not disappointed. As with some of Italian dishes, they are not low-fat. Indeed quite rich and saucy. A good, solid Italian restaurant indeed. Nicely priced too.
5	If you are looking for authentic Italian cuisine, VinciTorio's is a must try. My roommate, who lived in Italy for a year, says that their food is the real thing. No diets allowed here.Their Burrata e Pere is a great starter mixing sweet and salty with a combination of cream cheese and pears wrapped in proscuitto. My favorite dish is their Agnolotti Carbonara, which is ravioli stuffed with chicken and sausage in a cream sauce, topped with bacon. Like I said, be prepared to have a real meal here. The owners are visible on most nights and have pictures of their trips to Italy up for customers to view. The wait can be longer on weekend nights, but they have an excellent patio and bar to enjoy a glass of wine while you wait. Additionally, the wait staff is incredibly patient and friendly. My friends and I have closed down this place on quite a few occasions and have never been met with an impatient waiter trying to shove us out the door.
5	What is it about VinciTorios that I love so much? See, it isn't just ONE thing....it's everything. My husband and I eat here about once a month. Sometimes an early dinner and sometimes the lunch buffet. And everytime we go we say "We ought to eat here more often" This time we are sticking to it! I arrived last night around 6 with no reservation. My husband was coming from somewhere else and so first to arrive grabs the table. (This is a small place and nowhere to wait for a table, so either you make reservations or go early for dinner!) I managed to get the last available table (yay!) and was seated promptly. And as always greeted by the owner. We ordered a drink (wine and beer only, no full bar) and I had what I always order: the tortellini aurora. Oh man, this is so yum...cheese tortellini w/ fresh mushrooms and peas in a tomato cream sauce. My husband (who always orders some sort of veal) decided to be different and order the lasagna. Delicious! When I looked around the place, there were tables of people laughing talking and enjoying the atmosphere and food. The open seating makes you feel like part of a big family. And our waiter (sorry I am having a senior moment and can't recall his name, but he has been our waiter before) was delightful as always. Attentive and friendly. When we left the owner once again thanked us for coming in. It is almost like we were his guests. The only issues are: parking can be a little difficult on a weekend night as it is close to the cheap movie theater. And the live entertainment is not necessary and not that good. The man on the electric guitar singing 60-70 hits by John Sebastian or the Beatles was really out of place. I like the house canned music so much better!
4	Just got back from this little place, went to lunch with my boyfriend. We went for the lunch buffet, which unfortunately ended a half hour before we arrived, but we decided to stay anyways. It was a very good decision. Oddly enough, we were the only people in the restaurant, but I'm guessing that's because of its off the beaten path location. It's tucked in the plaza next to Tempe Cinemas, SE corner of McClintock and Elliot. Logan was the bartender/server, friendly enough, good service. I had the Italian Beef sandwich which was AMAZING, best I've had since I left Chicago 5 years ago. My boyfriend had the Italian Wedding soup, loved it, and this ravioli dish which I can't remember the name of but its cheesy with butternut squash in a cream sauce, says its the best he'd ever had. We finished with a coffee, a latte and some tiramisou (never could spell that word) and were stuffed and satisfied. The total bill came to just under $40 and was worth every penny. I am the worlds pickiest eater, and I definitely loved everything I ate. We will be back =)
4	I came across VinciTorio's on a hunt for a different Italian Restaurant to take my mom to for her birthday, she ALWAYS picks The Olive Garden and my husband and I are on a NO CHAIN RESTAURANTS kick. I found VinciTorio's on Phoenix magazines Best of 2008 list and the info on their website definitely made it look like the authentic family owned feel I was looking for, the restaurant definitely did not disappoint. We went on a Sunday where they have an awesome accordian player setting the Italian ambiance with classic Italian tunes, and a few classic rock tunes thrown in as well =) The bread, salads and entrees were delicious! The prices were definitely comparable to The Olive Garden, but with the more authentic family feel to the restaurant, I will pick VinciTorio's over them any day.  I ordered the Fettucine Pollo Aspargi which was delish but not to far off of your typical fettucine alfredo, my husband ordered the Orrecchiette Campagnola which the waiter recommended which was incredibly good, I couldn't stop picking off his plate!  I'm sure this will become my mom's new yearly birthday dinner choice.  My only gripe was that the waiter got very busy towards the end so it took a while to get our check and we had 3 kids in our party who started getting fussy.  I definitely suggest calling ahead for reservations, the small restaurant was packed!
3	I guess I am in the minority, but I just thought VinciTorio's was okay. A couple of my friends are regulars there and had been bugging me to try it out, so last Friday we decided to have dinner there. I called at about Noon and was able to get a 7:00 reservation, which I was pleased with. The interior is covered with pictures of the owner's family, and it has a homey feel. The bread is made in house, and I would have to say that it was the best part of my meal. There was both garlic bread and foccacia bread with olive oil for dipping, both were excellent. My friend told me that they had the best cream of mushroom soup ever, and even though I do not like mushrooms, soup came with my meal so I decided to try it. It was very under seasoned, just tasted like cream, but when I added some salt, it made it much better. I ordered the Cannelloni for my entree; Cannelloni is not on every Italian menu, so I was eager to try it. This version was two large crepes with a veal filling and baked in a cream sauce and then topped with some bolognese. Well, I was very underwhelmed by this dish. The filling was extremely dry, and had no distinct flavor. The cream sauce was okay, but I did not care for the bolognese at all, it had a very strong herby flavor, that couldn't even be masked by the cream sauce I only took about 3 bites and then decided to just eat bread for the rest of my meal. We did have some chocolate gelato for dessert, which was some of the best gelato we have ever had, so at least we were leaving on a high note. I know others just love this place, evidence by all the people waiting for tables there, but I probably will not be a return visitor.
4	They have amazing, absolutely beautiful pie. Eating their pie, is not a sloppy order up a pizza because I don't feel like cooking and I want to enter a food coma on the couch. No, their pizza is worthy of a sit down meal, with a salad and a lovely glass of wine. The service is impeccable, even for the take out clientele. Go, enjoy yourself, order a pizza, marvel at its' deliciousness and have a glass of wine, the pizza is worthy!
5	This has to be one of my very favorite spots.Their cream of mushroom soup is excellent. In fact I once began craving it in Glendale and drove all the way out just for that. Their bartender is knowledgeable and is happy to help you pick out something you'd like. (Also, let you try and write down the names) The waitstaff has always left something to be left desired and the place is always packed. I'm not a big fan of their bread. However, their from scratch pastas and ravioli is all I've ever ordered outside of the mushroom soup & wine. Which, I must say is amazing. I highly recommend to anyone.
5	Rodan and I took one of our best friends out for their birthday last night and we all had a great dining experience. We've been coming to this little Italian restaurant for a few years and food and service continue to be 5 star worthy. Love the soft bread that is served early on. Our friend ordered the Seafood Fradiavolo and thought it was one of the best seafood entrees she ever had. This was actually her first visit. I stuck with my fave: the potato pizza. Yum! I ordered the medium pizza and happy that half of the pizza was brought home as leftovers. Save room for a dessert...you won't be disappointed!This is by far my  fave Italian restaurant in Phoenix. Cheers!
5	Xavier got it right... it's 5 star worthy for sure!  I can't wait for my next visit to this family owned, authentic Italian eatery! If you have never been to VinciTorio's in Tempe,  do yourself a favor and make a reservation right away.  This is by far my favorite restaurant here in Arizona. And I know a lot of places to go to have a nice meal... VinciTorio's is tops! I'm ready to go again right now!
3	This is a great mom-and-pop resteraunt.  The decor is fun and citchy and the service is pretty good. The food tastes very home made but can sometimes be a little bland.  I was very disappointed in the linguine with clams since the clams were obviously from a can.  However, their pasta is very good and I love their soups.  I wish they had a better dessert selection.
5	Outstanding food and atmosphere.
5	After having stayed in Italy for a 6-week study abroad, I was terribly sad not to find anything that compared. And then I came here and man, it blew almost everything else out of the water, even some restaurants in Italy. The wine is served in great big glasses. The entrees are man, oh man, delicious-- freshly made pasta, wonderful bread, great salads. I'm getting hungry thinking about it now and trying to think of a reason to go. It's superb. Oh, and the tiramisu-- don't even get me started-- amazing and I don't even like coffee. Go here. Take your hunny out, go alone, go as a group, whatever, just go here and relish the tastes of Italy.
3	This review is for the lunch buffet only. The food at the buffet is strictly average but the price is lovely - $8.95 for pasta, a meat and salad with a drink and bread basket. But, and here is the 3 star of it all, the pasta is oily, the salad simply a lot of torn iceberg lettuce and some cucumbers, the meatballs heavy and lacking taste. So, if you are all about the quantity v quality then ramp up the stars, you will love it.  It remains a lovely restaurant with an adorable interior and impeccable service.
5	We were in from Colorado visiting family and my older daughter wanted pasta for dinner.  Our in-town family was busy for dinner that night so we were on our own.  We asked the front desk clerk at our hotel for a recommendation and he sent us here.  Very glad that he did!  Everything we ate was delicious!  My 5-year-old raved about how good the alfredo sauce was and I loved the bolognese and I am kind of a bolognese snob.  I try it at most Italian places we eat at and we have eaten it in NYC and Europe.  I think this could compete easily with the NYC restaurants and NYC.  Friendly staff and fellow customers made it a wonderful evening.  Sad we had to go back to Colorado and I can't wait to head back to AZ for family and pasta!
4	We have been going to this place for years...way back when it was Llonghitano's.  I enjoy the family owned aspect.  They have done many improvements to the interior as well as the menu over the years.  It is a solid meal, cosy environment, and a decent value. Room for Improvement:- add some homemade blue cheese dressing to the menu - when they employed some Scottsdale culinary peeps in the kitchen the menu had a few more faves, but I still enjoy it (miss the gnocchi and pork chop, a lot!)- wait staff is usually good, but can be stretched during prime dining hours.
4	Tired of those Italian chains? Then this is the place to try for either dinner or even lunch. It's small and intimate but you don't feel like you're crammed in there. The bread they bring out is warm and yummy. They have a good variety of wines. The pasta tastes home made and very very good. Oh and if there is still room try one of their home made desserts!
4	Excellent veal dishes - great service and ambience.  Relaxing.The night  we were there there was a guitar player who sang a  variety of "soft rock tunes  from the 70's thru present.  Our waiter was knowlegable and very proficient. Wine list is unique not run of the mill offerings.  Prices are reasonable for such  high quality food.  Tiramisu is to die for.  We will definitely be back!
5	I have eaten lunch at VinciTorio's several times.  Every time the people are so nice and the food is excellent.  The restaurant has a homey feeling to it.  The prices are great the buffett is the best.
4	Wow, it's been almost a year & a half since I reviewed this place!  I've been here again for the buffet lunch a couple of times since then, & although the table service is usually fine, mine was weak today.  The charming atmosphere & delicious food went a long way to make it an excellent lunch anyway, & I have a hunch Ms. Listless won't still be working here by the time I come again.  Also, the food on the buffet line wasn't labeled, as it should be, & usually is.  (I'm pulling one Star for now.)There was a nice salad bar with three dressings out.  I had the Creamy Italian & it was terrific!  So was the Garlic Toast, the Meatballs in Marinara Sauce, a bacony pasta dish, & another one that had little fillets of chicken breast, slices of Italian Sausage, & mushrooms in a tasty sauce.  The food is VERY good here, & so is the ambiance!
5	I really loved this place. Went their on Sunday night with my bf after our disappointment that Marcello's was closed. The atmosphere was cozy and quaint and I was even delighted by a surprisingly not annoying live accordian player.I opted for the special of the evening which was a pasta duo. Homemeade gnocchi in a creamy pesto sauce and also a mushroom stuffed ravioli topped with prosciutto. The gnocchi was to die for. Melt in your mouth.I would have loved to try their dessert but two bottles of wine later and I was just too much of a stuffed monkey.
3	Well turned to be another embarrassing lunch sojourn. I took a bunch of my colleagues here promising them a lip smacking Italiano experience. Boy were they miffed by the end of this endeavor. We started of good with their garlic bread which was liked due to it being warm and fresh. we decided to order the "try your combination" pasta dishes instead of the lunch buffet. I ordered the angellini with red clam sauce and my colleagues went for various combination of the Alfredo. Now understandably alfredo sauce is a disgrace to authentic itallian cuisine but being in the States i wasn't very perturbed when the orders rolled out from their olifactory orfices.However when they did come in I must say it was one of the worst sauces I had ever tasted. They hadn't reduced the heavy cream portion of it properly and it tasted like I was chugging on  heavy cream (what happened to the garlic).If this was Hell's kitchen the chef 'nee' cook would be whisked out of there so fast, probably with a ladle stuffed up his nether region for good measure.My concoction of sauce and pasta was decent (but how hard is it to put together tinned clams , tomatoes and onions) I put 3 stars but it actually deserves none ,due to my clam cioppino I had tried during their dinner service
2	I've tried this place twice now.  The first time, I really loved their calamari appetizer.  The rest of the dinner a seafood pasta was just okay.  The second time, I ordered a chicken breast with asparagus in a cream sauce (alfredo) with a side of  Italian wedding soup.  The cream sauce was so bland that I had to dress it up with condiments on the table.  The soup was a big disappointment as well no flavor and too much orzo and not enough broth.  My husband had the lasagna and found it cheesy with very little meat.  With all the great reviews, I was willing to give it another try, but the price is not enough for me to try it a third.
5	Fantastic food and service! Wonderful specials all homemade!  Reservations recommended. Romantic setting, but perfect for any kind of get-to-gether.
2	The results of an informal poll of my dinning companions could best be described as a shrug. The pasta and sandwiches we had for dinner were passible, but I doubt we will be back.
4	Today, I went grocery shopping and was going to make up a nice, light dinner for my roommate, C, (it was his birthday) but instead, we ended up at VinciTorio's restaurant. Well, I have to say... it was delicious, just as he promised it would be!As we walked into the restaurant, I was greeted by both a nice hostess and... the alluring smell of fresh baked bread.  As I looked around, I saw a lovely, cozy restaurant and... a man hand-making pasta!  (I made sure to order from the fresh pasta part of the menu.)The pleasantness continued as the dinner wore on.  Our server was extremely polite and efficient, the bread and my lasagna were great and C really enjoyed his dish too.  I forgot what it was called but it's from the owner's part of Italy and has a lot of bell peppers. haha. By the end, we had nice left-overs to take home and were still too full for dessert.  Ah well, maybe next time!  Oh and, dinner for 2 with non-alcoholic drinks was just under $40 before tip. :-)See ya there!
5	When I was growing up my family used to pretend we were Italian and cook up some baked ziti.  Now we go here to do it instead.  Everything is served fresh, hot and bursting with flavor. The servers are friendly and attentive, and they have live music sometimes.  When I went with my boyfriend for our birthdays they had this really awesome guy with a guitar playing Radiohead and Cure covers.  I've also been there when they had an accordion and some of the regulars there paused from enjoying their dinner to sing opera.  L-o-v-e, LOVE this place.
5	Last night was the second time I've been to VinciTorio's. I am now officially obsessed with this place. It's just a few miles from my house, and tucked away in such an unassuming complex.The husband chose to surprise me and take me there for our "We met 11 Years Ago Today" anniversary. So, I put on my dazzle jacket and a pair of heels and we were off. There was a short wait, and the host gave us this tip: make a reservation for Friday night. It gets a bit crowded, so you might have to wait. We hung out outside (passing on the offer to have a glass of wine) until our table was ready.When we entered, the place was buzzing! There was a musician with a guitar singing at an incredibly reasonable volume - something we were very appreciative for. There's nothing worse than going out to dinner and having live music, only to have to shout at the person you're with to get a conversation going.The food was FANTASTIC. Husband tried the fettucini with chicken and asparagus, and I decided to step out of my pasta comfort zone (angel hair and sausage) and try something I'd never had before: butternut squash ravioli in a 4 cheese sauce.UH,MAY.ZING.and BONUS -- the ravioli's were HEART SHAPED!!Overall, it was a gorgeous night. Great service from our waiter, fantastic music and delicious food. Also, was introduced to the owner, Mario, who was so charming. He mentioned they make all their pasta fresh and on site and said his gnocci was the best ever. I can't wait to go back and try the gnocci!
4	Italian lunch buffet!  We were pleasantly surprised to see a buffet when we came here for lunch.  For $8.95, our buffet included a mixed salad with 3 types of dressing, croutons, olives, and tomatoes, and 3 entrees.  Soda is also included in the price, another plus.  The entrees we had for today were a farfalle pasta dish in a creamy tomato sauce, chicken and mushrooms in a wine sauce, and cheese ravioli in a marinara sauce with meatballs.  All were very good, although I would say the meatball and ravioli entree was the weakest tasting of the 3.  The meatballs, while a very good portion, tasted very plain compared to the other 2 dishes.  Service was very friendly and we had drinks refilled quickly.  If I'm in the mood for a sit-down Italian restaurant for lunch, this is the place I will be!
5	In a way I'm glad I don't live closer because I'd be here all the time, which isn't a bad thing except for being broke. The service and cozy atmosphere has always given me that warm fuzzy feeling. The prices are reasonable which gets me into trouble because I could easliy order two plates because the food is fantastic!
2	In short an unimpressive independent Italian restraint in a overly Italian saturated area.Over the years this location has changed names and ownership many times, and I decided to give the current iteration of this place a try.The inside has gone upscale, with frescos on the wall, table cloths, and an accordion player. The empty buffet setup by the window did not quite match.The menu has "hand made pastas" and many traditional dishes, pizzas, sandwiches and strombolis. Included with a main dish is a side salad with choice of dressing and garlic bread. I opted for the ravioli de zuca 15.95, butternut squash ravioli in a white cream sauce. I was hoping the gorgonzola the menu listed would be more pronounced however it was not. The filling was quite sweet, the pasta was a bit soft and the meal was luke warm at best when it reached my table. The side salad was good with a nix mix of greens and I had a unique jalapeno ranch that was thin and light. The people I was with ordered a rolled eggplant filled with ricotta cheese (13.95), it came with pasta and veggies. Texturally it was a bit soft and the flavors were weak. Portion sizes were on the medium side, not huge, but not terribly small, for the price and quality I would have expected more.The garlic bread that is in included is good, as is the on table parmegean cheese, red pepper, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.There are other better options within 3 miles so I say give them a try first.
4	Thick cuts of handmade pasta in rich-yet-light sauces. Garlic bread on the table. Wines by-the-glass in the single-digit range.
5	For a fantastic night with friends, pizza and wine, you have to love VinciTorio. The wine selection is limited but nicely selected. The pizza is delizious! and the service - to die for. We went with the ham and artichoke pizza along with a bacon and tomato. Are those amazing combinations or what!? We were treated so well, enjoyed ourselves silly and loved the whole evening. Thank you VinciTorio, you brought me and my friends a beautiful night!
5	I have been lucky enough to enjoy dinner, wine, and music at Vincitorio's many times and have even had a holiday company party there. But last week was the first time we tried Vincitorios banquet room for a luncheon and brief training. What a good decision that was! The food was perfect, from the bread and salad to the requested vegetarian dish and meat entrees to dessert. The service was professional and attentive yet non intrusive. Try the hand-made pastas! Definitely my favorite Italian place!
5	01/19/11Didn't realize it's been a couple of years since my last visit to Vincitorio's until I decided to have dinner here this afternoon.  Arrived around 530p, and there were maybe one or two tables occupied.  I was seated at the first two-top near the front door, which put me right next to a young woman, and her acoustic guitar, who was to provide the live entertainment that would eventually start at 6p.  Her original work was pretty good, and she took special requests, as well.  (She later told me that she was going to be playing there again the next week.  I hope she's a recurring performer there, bec. I wouldn't mind hearing her voice and her guitar-playing again!)Tonight's dinner composed of great complimentary buttered garlic bread, a glass of Alois Lageder Riff pinot grigio 2008, and Roasted butternut squash ravioli, which came w/ choice of soup or salad (I chose the latter, w/ blue cheese crumbles and a side of house-made blue cheese dressing).  The salad was very fresh and crisp, and I loved it w/ just the blue cheese crumbles- no need for the dressing!  I enjoyed the bread and salad too much, I think-- I ate almost the whole salad and had to order a second batch of garlic bread!  The roasted butternut squash is one of eight handmade pasta entrees on their dinner menu and comes w/ an addicting four-cheese cream sauce composed of parmigiano, fontina, pecorino, and gorgonzola, which are among my top favorite cheeses!  Now, I will admit that this dish did not make a great visual first impression w/ me (check out the photos), but I knew better than to judge a book by its cover. Yes, it didn't look as appetizing as it could have, but I assure you, the aroma that emanated from this dish was intoxicating, and the butternut squash inside the oh-so-tender ravioli was cooked to perfection!  Its roasted sweetness and the lovely four-cheese cream sauce made a matchless pair!  It was difficult to curb my desire to eat all four pieces...  Mmm... I was in heaven!  As dinner rolled on, the restaurant started to get quite packed w/ what seemed to be regulars, and it's very easy to see why-- I hadn't finished w/ my meal yet, and I was already looking forward to returning the next week!  (Alas, I am forever in search for other great venues to try, so I postponed my next trip back- Valentine's Day, as it turned out!)Thank you, Vincitorio's, for a fantastic evening!
5	Mario and Ginger have created the ultimate in a geuine, family style, neighborhood Italian restaurant.Great service , genuine warmth.
4	The BF decided to take me on a date tonight (Woot!), and we chose to try this place. I'm really glad we did! The place is cute, despite being in a strip mall with a dollar theatre. We had to wait, but only a few minutes and got a table on the patio. Unfortunately, it was right by the door so we had a lot of people hovering around us while waiting for tables, but it was ok. They brought out some really good garlic bread, focaccia, and slices of a baguette in a basket which was really nice. I got a glass of their house pinot grigio (without remembering that I could have gotten it free with a coupon... i felt stupid) and the BF got a Peroni off the tap. The alcohol was priced well with the wine at 6$ and the beer at 5$. We ordered the bruschetta, and it was good.. not the best we've ever had, but good. It didn't have any balsamic on it, so that would make it a lot better. For mains I ordered the gnocchi and the BF got a chicken caesar salad without dressing (I hate when he makes me feel unhealthy...). Mine came with a salad and it was good, it had creamy italian dressing which I love! More places should have creamy italian....yum. The gnocchi were delicious, really light and had a really good tomato basil sauce. The BF enjoyed his salad, but a salad without dressing is kind of hard to mess up. We got the tiramisu for dessert and it was really tasty. It came with chocolate sauce all around and strawberries on top. Again, it wasn't the best tiramisu I've had but it was good. The service overall was nice, the waiter was timely and did not bother us much. He didn't come by to ask how our food was, but that was fine with me because it all was fine. The food came out kind of slowly, but it was nice to have a leisurely meal. So overall, I'm a fan, but it's not the best. I'd go back, though, because it is close to home, reasonably priced, and tasty. The whole meal only cost 50$ before tip, and we were both very full at the end, so thumbs up to that!
4	This is one of those restaurants that is so consistently good, I've nearly taken it for granted. It's also tucked away in a corner and not easily visible from Elliot or McClintock - so it's easy to pass by.I can always count on friendly hosts,  pleasant and effective wait staff, and tasty food. I don't like calling it "safe", but I can take a group with disparate palettes here and be sure everyone will find something they like.My favorite dish is the Cannelloni Rossini. Wonderful flavor and texture.I think it could use a little "kick", but it is certainly NOT bland.This place stays pretty busy in the evenings so make a reservation or relax on the patio for a short wait.
4	Okay, so it is an Italian restaurant, but all three of us who went together had Philly steak sandwiches!  I know, I know...that seems a little weird.  But my friend had highly recommended them and I'm a sucker for a good one.  It was definitely worth it.  Even though it was not cheesy enough for my tastes, the steak was juicy and perfectly cooked (I didn't have to chew on it too much) and the toppings made for a great combination.  I loved the garlic bread that they brought to us as a complimentary appetizer too...yum!  I'd love to go back and try some of their pasta dishes or even the pizza.  They had a really nice variety but not so much that you struggle to choose from their menu.   The owner or possibly the manager came out and started playing his accordion for one of the tables at one point near the end of our meal.  I highly dislike accordions (you know, that whole polka scene).  But he was amazing on it and had a wonderful singing voice!  I wish he had come out earlier so I could have heard more before we left.
4	I used to go here years ago when it was a casual cheese steak sandwich shop. They sold the business 6 years ago and redecorated the place to a small intimate Italian restaurant. The food is great. Cheese-steaks here are still delish! Service was good, and I loved the singer accordian player. Until next time- yummy dreams!PS- They have Gelati here that is good. We had the Hazelnut chocolate one- sigh!
3	Good italian food, nice atmosphere and very friendly owners and staff.The owner makes the pizza (among other items on the menu) from scratch and it's phenomenal! Best pizza I, and my family, has ever had. We do go for the delicious pasta...and chocolate cake...and vino...but you can't pass up the pizza. Definitely try it!
3	3.5 stars with room to improve!Recently had a lovely dinner at VinciTorio's with Yelp pals Jim and Audrey W.  Although there was a problem with our reservation not being carried over from one notebook to another (huh?), it was easily corrected with a short (well maybe not so short) wait.  While waiting, I caught a glimpse of their patio which looks very promising for a future visit.Once seated, we were soon greeted with tasty garlic bread.  I'm sure at some point, they considered charging us for the bread given our repeated requests for refills!  Our server was not only knowledgeable about the menu, but very familiar with the wine list as well.  When I asked for a description of my chosen Verdicchio, his description was spot-on and I was not disappointed.I was somewhat disappointed with my entree, Salmon & Shrimp Vincitorio's.  Described as "Fresh Atlantic salmon filets and jumbo shrimp, sauteed with mushrooms, leeks, in our light cream sauce with a touch of tomato, served over fettuccine," I was a little surprised to find more than a touch of tomato.  It was more of a tomato cream sauce, although still light and very good.  The fettuccine was delicious even though I don't believe this particular pasta is hand-made.  My complaint is with the seafood. The salmon filets were actually pieces of filet which would have been okay had they not been so dry.  The jumbo shrimp consisted of 3 shrimp which were also slightly overdone.  At $19.95, this may have been the priciest item on the menu, but probably was not the best.Dessert was definitely the star of the show.  The tiramisu was not only a generous portion, it was fantastic.  The panna cotta was smooth and creamy, with no gelatinous texture.  The gelato covered in a chocolate shell was liked a gourmet version of a DQ dip cone.  This was probably my favorite.  I would return to VinciTorio's for the desserts alone!
5	I can't tell you how much I appreciated the service here, for a luncheon after my mother's funeral..   After a frustrating experience with another restaurant trying to plan for 35 people, Ashley stepped in and stepped up.  Our family raved about the food, the service and we had such a nice time memorializing our mother.  I highly recommend this restaurant because of the professional yet personable way they serve their customers, the atmosphere is cozy and the food delicious.
4	A great, unique place for Italian! I have been here several times and have always been pleased. The staff has always been incredibly generous and accommodating to us whenever I have eaten here. It's a great little restaurant that had a one-man cover band the last time I was here and he was quite good. Perfect sized live entertainment for the small environment at VinciTorio's: not too loud! Their pastas are fantastic and were just what I needed on the eve of the P. F. Chang's Marathon in January, I look forward to revisiting again soon!Keep singing,-Jerron
5	There is only 1 place to get the best Italian food, great ambiance and the best staff I've ever come across! We have been here more then a dozen times and it is superior every visit. It doesn't matter if it is a busy weekend night, casual lunch or take out, professional and delicious! The most important thing to me is they could have people waiting out the door, but you would never know I've never felt rushed to finish my dinner. Make a reservation, go and enjoy
3	It was a really nice atmosphere and the food was very good however we were not prepared for the price tag on the dishes. There are very limited selections for vegetarians and for plates under $20. Maybe the cost reflection was due to the "special" Mother's Day menu? I don't know about you but as an average person I was not prepared to drop $100 for a dinner for four and still have to feed my kids afterward because the portion sizes are not very big, they are just enough for one person. (PLUS I split my entree with my boyfriend) The prices were not posted for any of the beer or wines and I doubt we will return just because of the sticker shock.
5	We stumbled upon this place completely by accident :D My husband and I were just taking a stroll through our neighborhood, and stumbled upon a dilapidated shopping center. There was one building that caught our eye, Naples Ristorante. When we got home I did some researching and discovered that the gentleman that had opened this restaurant now had another restaurant in Tempe. My husband and I decided that the reviews sounded promising with the delicious sounding homemade pasta and best in the Valley tirimisu. We decided to take our friend there for his birthday this past Saturday, and we made reservations. When we got there we were immediately liking the place, the lady up front was very friendly, and the live music was just awesome! Then we got to our table, and within minutes we had water and some very delicious bread. We decided to go with the Burrata e Pere for our appetizer, very very delicious! By the time we ordered our actual meals I think we had gone through 3 baskets of bread, it was so good! For our meal I ordered Fettuccine Pollo Asparagi, my husband ordered Chicken Scarpara, and our friend ordered Cecatelli al Forno. With each entree we got to choose a soup or salad, we all got the soups. My husband and our friend got the Italian Wedding soup and I got the Cream of Mushroom, both were homemade and extremely good. It was around this point that Mario, the owner came by our table and talked to us. Mario is a genuine person and truly cares about the people and that they are enjoying his place. When our entrees cam out we were really impressed by just how much food there was. We were all very much satisfied with all of our entrees, and the homemade pasta was so good in our friends dish! We even got to try the gnocchi in Alfredo, which put me and everyone at our table in food heaven! We had a fourth friend at our table but he had already ate so he just tried ours and when he was done trying ever thing he said "I finally understand why so many people like Italian food" Apparently he didn't like Italian food or even eat it that often before we took him here. So the appetizer, bread, soup and entrees were all amazing and sent me into a mini food coma. But then we had dessert, tiriamasu. When they brought it out the waiters and the live musician came to our table to sing our friend happy birthday to our friend. They brought enough forks for everyone and that was a good thing because none of of had ever tried a better tiriamasu! I was in heaven!! On our way out Mario said goodbye to us and we made reservations for Father's Day. I am looking forward to going again soon with my husband and a couple of friends and I will definitely be ordering the Gnocchi and Tirimasu this time! I say this is a definite whether you enjoy Italian of not. The atmosphere was awesome, I loved the cozy family like feel of it, and the food is the best I have ever had in Italian dining!
4	Great Italian food and cute atmosphere! Being from the east coast, I am constantly on the hunt for good authentic Italian food. It can be hard to come by and I was thrilled when my husband and I found this great little restaurant. I love the food, the live music nights and the cozy feel. The owners are truly from Italy and they even award a lucky couple each year with a guided tour to Italy by them!  I'm always on the hunt for unique restaurants and this is one of my favorites!
3	i now have been to Vincitorios 2 times.  once for dinner several months ago, and back today for lunch.  overall it's a fine place, the garlic bread is warm and flavourful, the staff were extra friendly and on top of our station...tho it should be noted that we were the only table seated in the place.  it was Memorial day after all, and by the time we left, less than an hour later there were another 12 people seated and happy to be waited on. months ago i had the chicken fettuccine alfredo with asparagus, and it was excellent.  i had leftovers to spare, the cannoli was for dessert and i remember it being extra dolled up w/ choc. chips and raspberries, and thought we would get 2 for the $6 price tag.  we did not.  there, was however  an accordion player mixing in james taylor and U2 songs to keep it "authentic."  today a friend of mine was told to check the place out for their "philly cheese steak" so we both go and order one each.  i said hold the onions but give me the marinarra.  my friend did the exact opposite.  it was fast, the home-made chips were awesome, the cheese steak was really good.  i didn't finish mine so i could eat it again tonight for dinner.  i will be happy to do so... our bill was 20 bucks for the both of us so it's really well priced!! and the place was relaxed and groovy.... so before you check out a cheap movie or just after the movie lets out @ tempe cinema, check out vincitorios.  i might make it more of a staple.
5	Excellent! Whoever said u can't have good Italian outside NY hasn't eaten here. We were blown away by the food, the atmosphere, and the friendliness and knowledge of the staff. We live in Central Phoenix but this is totally worth the 25 min drive!!! We will be back!
1	I will NEVER go to this restaurant again. I was disappointed in every way by the food, service, & overall feel of this place.  Sure they sat us almost immediately after we arrived, however it wasn't til 10 minutes after being seated that we finally had to ASK for a waiter to visit our table. When our waitress arrived she seemed lost & unprepared. We asked for our bill to be split first thing (which later turned out to be "forgotten"). Due to the fact that we were waiting 10 minutes just to SEE our waitress's face, we ordered our food & drinks together to save time.  As soon as she took our order it wasn't for another 30 minutes before we saw our waitress again & only after asking our bus-boy to find her. The bus-boy brought us our burnt garlic bread & water but we didn't see any of our other ordered drinks for another 20 minutes. After waiting the 30 minutes she came back to our table & tried to RE-VERIFY our food order. Didn't you write it down?! Since we were in a pinch for time at this point, we asked for our salads/soups to come out with our meals. My friend had ordered the chicken ceasar salad as her meal so, naturally, when all the soups/salads were brought out we were expecting her meal. Instead they had forgotten to add the chicken so the waitress took it back & apparently they had to start cooking my friends chicken for her salad because it took another 15 minutes to get HER salad.  Really?!! It's a salad people! So the rest of us ate our meal while she watched since again, we were all in a pinch for time. Ridiculous! I had ordered the chicken & sausage cacciatora & let me tell you......it was probably the nastiest concoction I've ever eaten. The dish was unrecognizable by its name. It was lathered in tomato water, yes water, not even tomato paste or sauce. It was watered down & tasteless. The chicken was rubbery & the sausage was disgusting. I tried my boyfriends lasagna which was less than mediocre. I thought, well maybe the salad would be better so when my friends salad finally came out I asked for a taste. I mean, how do you get a chicken ceasar wrong? Well, it was also quite revolting. Overall the food was attrocious. I made a comment to my friends that I'd rather throw the few bites of food up than have it sit in my stomach.....and it would probably look the same as it did when it first was set in front of me. Yep, it looked like vomit.  I would NEVER refer anyone to this restaurant & would throw a word of caution to anyone who might be thinking of going. I forgot to mention, we met some friends there who were seated immediately as well, but they had to ask for their waiter as well just to get some drinks. Apparently they were so short handed that the manager had to bus their table. Sad part is that they came in, got seated & had their drinks before we did & it still took them around 20 minutes to be served. Lucky for them, they didn't order any of that slop. Lets just say, I would've been better off shoving my finger down my throat & yacking that sh** up rather than forcing my body to digest such swill. When I first walked into the restaurant I was surprised at how nice it looked. It was like getting a gift box with a pretty ribbon on it.  You're so excited, right? Then, when you open the box you find nothing but a steaming pile of sh**. Disappointed? Yeah, so was I.  No matter how pretty the box looks its still just a box of sh**. Don't even get me started on prices in this joint!!!  Makes ya feel like a total moron to walk into a place like that, get served the way I was, & still have to pay ridiculous prices for wretched food & service. Too bad I'm an honest person otherwise I would've walked out without paying. Nobody likes having to pay nearly $70 for food that came straight from the pigs trough. My advice for the owner.........fire your cook, hire more competant staff, & drop your prices. I will be telling everyone I know & even some that I don't, to NEVER go to this restaurant after my dinner service last night.
4	FUN! Great wine selection. Music every time I have been there and they even have a movie group in the back room on special nights. Mario and Ginger are very welcoming and make genuinely great hosts as they make you feel you are in their home sharing a meal. There is something special at this place that you can't quite put your finger on. My kids love it and my husband and I love to go there alone too. Everything is fresh and delightful. Pick anything on the menu- you will be happy.
5	We eat here every time we come home.AMAZING, SUPERB, authentic food. WONDERFUL ambiance. BEAUTIFUL plating. You CANNOT order something bad here. THE BEST tiramisu. PERIOD.We got married in the back room. Not even kidding. THIS is how much we love this place.
5	This restaurant was delicious!  I just forgot to review it immediately, so the details are a little hazy.  I do remember the butternut squash ravioli in a white cream sauce, and it was amazing.  Matter of fact, I don't recall being disappointed with ANYTHING that we ordered.
3	Good atmosphere, great service, food was just okay.
4	After reading Marta B.'s glowing review I had made a mental note to revisit this place since it had been a while.  After having dinner there with my husband last night,  I am giving them an extra star because of the improvements that they have made over the last year or so.  First is the breadbasket.  I do believe they served a sliced baguette with olive oil and balsamic vinegar before.  Now they have a basket brimming with all different kinds of bread.  Garlic toast, pizza dough rolls brushed lightly with tomato sauce and parmesan, focaccia bread baked with fresh herbs... and so on.  The only thing I would like to see is something with a little crunch like grissini or lavosh.  The other improvement is the addition of more desserts.  Maybe I just don't remember but I think that the only desserts they had before were the balls of gelato in various flavors coated with chocolate (sorry, I forget what they are called) but now they have many Italian favorites like cannoli and tiramisu.  The other new thing is that they now have live music.  I think the accordian player was there on our last visit but at the time I was annoyed because we were having dinner with old friends and didn't want to have to talk over the music.  This time it was just me and my husband and so we very much enjoyed being serenaded "Lady and the Tramp" style.I think the food at this place is great but not blow-your-mind-fantastic.  It tastes very authentic and homemade... which is a good thing and a bad thing.  Sometimes having something be too homemade means that you feel like you are paying good money for something you could have made yourself.  Other times, when you just want a good meal without any exotic ingredients or fancy finishes then this just hits the spot.  My husband liked his food more than me but was a little disappointed that they charged him $7 to add chicken to his pesto pasta and didn't warn him while ordering that there would be an upcharge.  He also had an upcharge for a Cesar salad (this was disclosed on the menu) so we actually paid $50 for our food (not including beer/wine) which is a bit much for what you get, imho.Overall, it's a good meal in a cool environment with great service so I will definitely try not to forget about VinciTorio's again.  If you are in the mood for their very unique atmosphere then you will have a good time.
3	@AudreyRLWyatt and I ( @canyonjunkie ) met good @YelpPhx friends Heather C and Ryan C for dinner some time ago.  I really am remiss in catching up my reviews.I will try to do better in the future and as penance I will UFC several orange heads.Anyway, I'll cut to the chase and break down Vinci Torio's thus:Dessert         5 starsDinner           3 starsService          4 starsAtmosphere   4 starsThat makes a total of 16.  Maybe someday I'll put together some sort of restaurant scoring matrix with weighted category rankings...Great desserts, very good service and ambiance, the dinner entrees were good but did not wow me.
4	VinciTorio'sLocated at 1835 E. Elliot Road, Tempe, Arizona480-820-2786Visa, MasterCard, Amex, DiscoverWe arrived at VinciTorio's on a Friday evening at 6:00 without reservations. While the staff was slightly taken aback by our lack of planning, they never the less accommodated our party, seating us in the main dining area. Guest have the option of eating outside on the porch if they wish. The outside is screened off from the street by lovely, live grape vines.While we did not order wine, I was pleasantly surprised by the amount and quality of wines by the glass. Few restaurants have as varied a selection by the glass.Our first order of business was salad. I and companion #1 had house salads; mine with a nice, creamy house Italian dressing, and companion's with a rather ordinary Ranch dressing. The salads were very fresh with some nice frisee, but lacked more than half a cherry tomato. Companion #2 ordered a Caesar Salad which was pronounced ordinary. The salad came with grated Parmesan cheese, and would have been greatly improved with the addition of some shaved Parmigiano Reggiano on it.Main courses were ordered. I ordered Linguine Vongole ($13.95). Flavor was satisfactory, but it would have been much better with fresh clams instead of canned ones. The menu states Little Neck clams, but if these were, they were definitely not live at the time of cooking. Part of the enjoyment of eating a vongole is getting the clams out of the shell and getting every last drop of sauce off the shells. While my personal preference would have been a slightly thickened sauce, it was properly prepared in the style of the Amalfi coast and could be easily sopped up with lots of the excellent garlic bread.Companion #1 ordered Agnolotti Carbonara ($16.95), which are small ravioli stuffed with chicken and sausage in a cream sauce with sauteed bacon. This was a nice dish with two caveats: #1 the sauce needed some salt and some garlic added to it to make it stand out, and #2, the sauce would have been better with a nice grade of pancetta lardons instead of what was used. While the sauce was adequate, the two mentioned additions would have made it truly stand out. Again, my personal preference would have been to have the sauce thicker so that it adhered more to the pasta, but that is a matter for debate among chefs.Companion #2 ordered the evening's special ($24.95), a Roulard of Chicken with Prosciutto and cheese with a Marsala wine and mushroom sauce. This was the stand out dish for the evening. Cooked beautifully, loaded with mushrooms and a sauce that definitely had character and the flavor of Marsala wine. A real winner!On to desserts, the absolute high point of the meal. I ordered the Panna Cotta ($5.95) which came with macerated raspberries on top and a sprinkling of mini chocolate chips on the plate. Having eaten this dessert from coast to coast including Little Italy in New York City, I can easily say this was the best Panna Cotta I have ever eaten. It was smooth and silky and just melted on your palate. I'd gladly eat it over and over again.Companion #1 had the Tiramisu ($6.95). Unlike many other tiramisu's, this one did not suffer the usual overabundance of espresso coffee, but rather had just enough to lend it's flavor without being overbearing. The portion was huge and the texture was smooth and silky.Companion #2 had the Limon Tartufo. While Tartufo usually means truffle in Italian, this was nothing like one, yet it was an outstanding dessert. Nice and tart lemon flavor surrounded by a sponge type cake, somehow sliced into even slices and arranged in an overlapping row on the plate.Desserts are a must have at this restaurant. If you didn't eat the meal, you should at least eat one of the wonderful desserts.Service was at a comfortable pace, and the restaurant was nice and clean. On Friday evenings they apparently have live entertainment. The evening we went, they had a person playing the guitar while softly singing familiar songs in the background. I was thankful for the volume, as too many vocalists try to intrude on the diners to the point of overwhelming their dinners and conversations. This was just right.Overall, this was a nice meal that could do with a little polishing to bring it up to speed. Considering the cost of the meal (over $100.00 including tip for 3 people) one should not expect to find anything lacking. This reviewer will definitely try this restaurant again in the hopes that it will rise to the shining star it should and can be.
5	One of the joys of travel is dining at a different restaurant every night I'm one the road.  But, on the first night of a 10 day stint in Phoenix, my bride picked VinciTorio's.  It was so good, we went back the next night to try the items we couldn't get to the night before.  A week later, we were going out with a few Phoenician friends.  They'd never tried VinciTorio's so, back we went ... another fabulous experience.The owners, Mario & Ginger, are welcoming and work their tails off.  Their ethic of hospitality is apparent in the front end staff from hostess to busser to server.  The servers were extraordinarily well versed on the menu.My favorites are the Veal Saltimboca & Chicken Cacciatore.  Save room for desert ... they're homemade n La Bomba is truly wonderful.
4	I actually enjoyed this place and it was a pleasant surprise to find a good yet casual Italian restaurant that didn't remind me or the Olive Garden. The calamari was great and it was a huge serving so by the time we were done with the calamari, bread and salad, I was pretty much ready to go home. But before we realized that, we had already ordered dinner. Luckily we requested half portion with the other half placed in to-go containers so we were not complete gluttons. The service was great and the seating outside was pleasant, less kitschy than the inside. Only problem with sitting outside are the bugs because of the greenery growing around the restaurant. The cost for the meal was reasonable, about $50 for 2 entrees, an appetizer, 2 drinks, and dessert.
5	I returned here recently for the weekday Lunch Buffet with Mike C. & Robyn N., & everything was GREAT, GREAT, GREAT!  Back up to 5 Stars!     :-))
5	The best Italian food! The best service! The best atmosphere! I love this place. We only stopped by after a movie one day, thinking it would be a nice dinner. We were blown away by the food! This is food that you do not eat, but you savor. Food that with every bite, you want to close your eyes, block off all other senses, and only taste the magic!
4	My girlfriend and I love trying  new resturants and we usulaly check yelp as a resource. We visited the resturant about a month ago and we really enjoyed how friendly the staff and owners were. They were attentive and the food was mostly really good. The Chicken Scarpara was our favorite. We tried the handmade Ravioli and it was also good but the Chicken Scarpara was excellent it was not a dish either of us has had before and we love spicy and it had a kick to it. In fact I am planning on meeting another firend there tomorrow night and taking my husband this time too. Nice to see a local resturant that greets and meets their customers. As a Persoanl Chef myself I believe ti makes all the difference the presentation and the feeling of the resturant and of course the quality of the food.
3	Well.. Apparently this restaurant is not serving the authentic italian food.The food was bit heavy and too much seasoned. Service was good though. On the weekend, there are too many people to get in there, so the tables were jammed.. it feels like I am having dinner with the people sit on the next table.
2	The service is pretty darn good. The wine selection is always top notch... but they lost me on the food!Understand, I have frequented this place since we moved into the area a few years ago. I was a big fan of the handmade pasta and pesto. But is seems as if the focus on the food has slipped, and substantially at that.I'm giving three stars because of our server, Dave. He rocks. And the wine list, pretty much rocks. I haven't checked out the new wine bar, but it looks real nice.But, as for a meal. I'd be surprised if I go back...... and I am tempted to take that down to two stars... yeah... I have to give it a meh.
2	We used to come here a lot and liked it, but after a couple of so-so experiences with the food (nothing special, lots of oil, pasta drowning in too much oily sauce) we stayed away for several months. Tried it again recently and it was just as bad, if not worse. Disappointing because it's a neighborhood place and we like to support family businesses, but I think a little more effort needs to be placed on the quality of the dishes. It seems like no matter what I get it's just overly rich, too oily and bleh. Also, the price on the dishes when you get a simple pasta with pesto adds up in a hurry. With wine and stuff, spending $100 for two?  Hardly felt worth it at all for that money we could get a much better meal elsewhere. I sincerely do hope it gets better because the people are nice and the atmosphere is great!!  And they do have a terrific wine selection. I think maybe the only way I'd go back is to try the fun looking wine bar.
4	This is a really classy little spot, an awesome change of pace for lunch. FYI - The bar area is a great place to dine too. I will re-visit for dinner soon as it sounds amazing.
2	Boyfriend and I came here on whim... Just saw it had some decent reviews on yelp. We chose to check out the bar area to see if we could grab a seat, since it was our 1st time we realized there were tables as well as a bar top. There wasn't enough space at the bar for the two of us, but there was a women who was attempting to squeeze us in... Come to find out she and the man next her were the owners. Now she was very accommodating however I hate seeing the people operating an establishment taking up space for potential customers. We grabbed a table sat there for a little over 5 mins before a server greeted us. The busser had been there twice before the server had come by. Annoying. We ordered a bottle of wine and a small pizza immediately. It took about 25 mins for that small pizza to arrive at our table, but not before we saw our server holding while she was talking to other tables ... Thanks for continuing to keep us waiting. The pizza was bland and had been sitting around for a while.  We order that rest of our food and some extra bread...... Our food just seemed to take forever. Salads came out... No bread. For $16 entrees the portions we quite small... I was actually surprised it came out hot! Home made pasta was really good I'll give them that, but the service was horrible. Our server was at the table behind us talking up a storm about some nonsense (considering she was working) we watched the hostess come Over an tell her another table was waiting on her to run their card. Lovely. She just continued doing what she doing... Never once checked on us during our meals. I've been in this industry far too  long to put up with stuff like this. Especially considering we eat the same meals a mile from where we live (homemade pasta included) with bigger portions, better service and a lower price. However their bar does look very nice. I did like the decor a lot. They also have a huge wine selection.
3	I was quite disappointed with their Italian dishes.  Their pizza is pretty good, but the pasta seemed bland.  I was expecting better based on the reviews I'd read.
5	Great food and atmosphere. My go-to Italian restaurant in the valley. I've ordered a little bit of everything over the handful of times I've visited. Romantic atmosphere as well. Great place with live music, wine, etc. I recommend this restaurant without a blink of an eye. Staff is pleasing. No complaints! The bread tastes amazing too.
5	This is our favorite Italian restaurant in the area. Great ambiance - it's always busy. If you don't reserve ahead - can be a bit of a wait on Fridays or Saturday nights. We usually go along a little later to miss the rush and can get seated right away after 8:30pmThey have recently expanded to include the shop that used to be next door. Bar has been moved over and now more entrance space in the lobby.The staff are very friendly, knowledgeable and there seems to be very little turn-over since it's often the same folks we see serving in the restaurant year after year.My wife loves the Ravioli di Zucca (butter nut squash) dish - slight hint of nutmeg and goof for vegetarians. I usually go with the Seafood Fradiavolo (mussels, shrimps, calamari etc. with linguine pasta). We should experiment more, but love these dishes so always go with them. The house Chianti is very nice - can never remember the name.Dishes come with a salad or soup. Salad ingredients always fresh , but perhaps they could change it up a little.We have had the odd hiccup  over the years, but forgive them the odd lapse since on average the service and food are great.
1	I did not have a good experience at this restaurant at lunch time.  I ordered the Cheese Steak Salad with dressing on the side.  The salad came and after a few bites I asked the bus boy to get the waitress.  The salad was so full of  grease and I was unable to eat it.  The waitress came back and said well what do want.  I said just bring me a plain small salad.  She brings the salad and still charges for the Cheese Steak Salad.  Needless to say I will not return.Also the new addition is beautiful but how do you expect people to sit and eat a full course meal on benchs.  Not very comfortable.
2	I'm only rating the food... I got a ToGo order. I love supporting local / family owned places but I must be honest with my reviews.I would have given them 3 stars but the Lasagna was HORRIBLE.... It was simply a pile of pasta sheets (like 7-8) with one 1" wide, half inch thick strip of sausage on one end and a small amount of cheese in 2 or three layers.So either the chef has NO CLUE what Lasagna is - thus he/she needs to go a google search - or they were cheap azzez ripping off customers. If I was sitting in the place I would have sent it back without blinking.Also ordered was Pasta Prinavera (pretty good) and a Stromboli which was good, worth ordering again.In all I'd rally like to give this place another try but I feel cheated by the pile of pasta sheets they charged me for calling it Lasagna. So, I have not decided if I will give them another shot or not...
5	Oh man. I can't say enough good about  VinciTorio's.So, they ADDED a new section - they expanded into the next space, added a BEAUTIFUL wine bar as well as some really neat Italian family style dining tables. There's also a huge new bookshelf full of beautiful bobbles, shiny trinkets, wine accessories, apparel, and goodies for purchase. GREAT prices too!We went right after Christmas, I had the Seafood special that night. I'm gluten intolerant, and they offered rice noodles, but  I opted for broccoli instead. The chef wanted me to know that the sauce was MADE for noodles, he wasn't sure how it would be with broccoli, and I was OK with it. BROCCOLI FOR THE WIN. It was so stinkin good. Beautiful scallops - perfectly cooked, crab, shrimp and mussels in a creamy, not too thick white sauce. SO good. Oi. Ate it all. ALL.My family had Tortellini Aurora, Stromboli (HUGE OMG), and Cecatelli. Every meal was completely finished and many "oommm's" and "hummmmm's". 2 bottles of house Merlot complemented all our meals. Everyone loved and ate all the bread. (Save me. Duh.)Augie was there. If you HAVEN'T been and DON'T know who Augie is, go. Sit. Listen. Fall in love. With food. With your partner. With the wine. With comfort. Just fall in love...and thank me later.
4	We (my uberyelper husband Jim W and I) ate dinner here, long ago, with fellow yelpers Heather and Ryan C. (I am truly remiss in my review writing, it seems). I'm giving them four stars but it's not an easy four. In fact, I think they're benefiting from the quality of the company. We had a great time. We always have a great time with these particular yelpers. So in some ways that benefits the restaurant because we're already happy. But I digress.We all agreed that dessert was the high point of the meal. Their tiramisu makes my top five list of best tiramisu(s) ever. Dinner wasn't as big a hit. Chicken parm, one of my favorite things ever, was merely average. Though I can't remember what everyone else ordered, average seemed to be the feeling all around.The place was lovely and the service was good. I doubt we'll go there again because we moved to LA in the time it took me to get to this particular review. But if Heather and Ryan want to meet there for dessert I might just make the drive.
4	Wine bars in the Southeast Valley are hard to find, aren't they?  (Everyone say 'yes'.)  Well, now we have a darling one right in the middle of the south Tempe 'hood.  I went here for happy hour tonight.  Here's the 4-1-1:1. Location--Excellent2.  Ambiance --Outstanding. We sat in the wine bar which is absolutely COOL.  It's rustic-looking, cozy, and perfect for meeting the girls or having some quiet time with a sweetheart.  The place is well-decorated and offers an eclectic assortment of wine-themed gifts.  Love it!3.  Wine Selection--Impressive.  Many wines are offered by the glass and those are all $5 each during happy hour.4.  Wine Pour--Respectable.  Not skimpy at all.5.  Food Selection--Great looking menu, but only one appetizer on special and we didn't order that one (hence my four-star rating).6.  Pizza--Yummy!  We had the white pizza which was delightfully full of garlic and loaded with cheese.7.  Service--Good.  Our waitress even offered me a taste of the Raymond Cabernet which comes straight from the barrel.This place is good.  Give it a try!
3	My husband and I shared a seafood cioppino. It was expensive and it was simply just spaghetti sauce w/seafood added to it. No broth. It had to much noodles with barely any seafood. Also, it had so much oil in it that i had to ask for a cup of warm water to wash down the oil in my throat. It wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't good! Garlic bread was good.
3	What a ripoff. My husband and I have eaten here twice and won't be coming back. The first time was all right; we had just moved to the neighborhood and were happy to find a good Italian restaurant that was clearly popular. Food was decent quality, although nothing that made me crave to come back. We finally went back again tonight and walked out with an almost $75 tab for two that include entrees, salads, one beer, and tip. I asked the waitress about the special. I was debating between the special and the linguine vongole, and after hearing her describe the special, I asked if it was the same as the fradiavolo on the menu, which was under $20. She said basically it was, and given the fradiavolo was one of the more expensive items on the menu, I assumed the special was around the same. Imagine my surprise when the bill rang up with a $27 special. I know it's my fault for not asking, but it was her fault for not saying it and if there was no difference between the special and an item on the menu except different seafood (fish instead of calamari), then why is the special over 30% more? Even she admitted the specials are overpriced; when we questioned her about it, she said something about the specials "usually aren't priced very well." I think $27 for a bowl of linguine, tomato chunks and spices, a little fish, a couple clams, a couple mussles, and a couple shrimp is ridiculous. The irony is that before the check came, we were just talking about how the food was pretty good but nothing special and the prices were a little steep, so getting the bill just confirmed what we already  knew. We have no problem paying for expensive meals but the return has to be worth it. We won't be going back and can't recommend this place unless you want to see your wallet take a beating.
5	We have been going to VinciTorio's for a number of years... Love the staff and the food..Just got back from there tonight.. It is one of our favorite places to go and eat.. It is "as good as it gets"..... We all had something different..We ordered the calamari appetizer to start.... Spaghetti Bolognese.. Eggplant Sorrentino.... Veal Genovese..... Seafood Fradiavolo.... We all enjoyed every last bite.. Fresh.. tasty..  and finished up with deserts that we shared, tiramisu and panna cotta.. I ordered the Seafood Fradiavolo.. I must say that it was the best.. I order this dish the most... Love the fresh seafood.. the mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari all prepared to perfection... the sauce had the right amount of spice.. Don't know if I like the seafood the best or the sauce... I would highly recommend this...
3	I must agree with Pamela's review  on Feb 6th, 2012. I also ordered the special which was overcooked pasta and a couple of clams, shrimp and mussels and a tiny piece of fish. The broth was good however. I removed all the pasta and sopped it up with the garlic bread.My husband had the cheese steak sandwich and he said it was excellent. Do they precook the pasta and warm it up?I'm willing to try the eggplant sandwich but not the pasta!!
4	Our favorite local Italian joint.
3	My husband and I ate here and I had the same special as the reviewer Pamela and I agree with her 100%. Also, I had to remove all the linguini as it was  overcooked. The entire dish consisted mostly of the overcooked pasta with a tiny bit of fish, 2 shrimp, 2 clams and 2 mussels. I'm giving 3 stars because my husband's cheese steak sandwich was very good. The service was also very good as was the ambiance.Rose
3	Lunch was very busy and understaffed.Free garlic bread while I waited helped a little bit.Lasagna was good, although if you like a lot of sausage don't get it.  Luckily for me they didn't put much in, because it has a really strong fennel seed flavor, which I despise...My co-worker's cheese steak looked very good (and he said as much) and was a better value overall.
5	Went for first time and was seated in the bar area.   The waitress said it was a brand new addition.  It was gorgeous and had old world charm.  Felt like Italy.  Pizza was excellent and the sea bass was off the charts good.  Can't wait to go again.
5	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =It's been 7 months since visiting this one, so I stopped in here today for the Lunch Buffet joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  As usual, this lovely place put out a nice salad, three roll-top chaffers of terrific hot Italian dishes, & brought hot garlic toast to our table.  This is the only weekday Italian only Buffet that I know of in the Valley, & it's still just great!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $8.99 including beverage.
3	I was in the mood for pizza--not crappy, junk pizza, but a nice pie that I could sit down with and eat with a knife and fork if I wanted to.  After dropping off my wife and daughter at the movies (it was a mommy-daughter movie night), I began searching. . . VinciTorio's, right here next to the movie theatre.  Okay, let's try this.Good service, checkOutdoor seating with those big gas heater thingies on chilly nights, checkNice ambiance, checkGood pizza, checkKeep in mind that's just a check, and not a star for the pizza.  There was little or no sauce on this pizza, which kept me from enjoying it as much as I would have liked to.  Not a bad taste, and maybe you will like it better than I did, but I like saucy pizzas, and they don't have them here, I guess, unless you ask for them.Everything was fresh and the pizza was well-made, with a nice crust.  No issues there.  The three stars is from the pizza snob in me who wants that burst of spiced tomato taste along with the pepperoni and sausage.  Nonetheless, I ate until I was stuffed.  I'll come back some time to see how the pasta is.
5	Went here on a date, overall very nice atmosphere. Politely greeted by manager and staff when entering restaurant. We were seated  in a quaint spot towards the back of the restaurant near the kitchen.Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu also very attentive to refilling drinks and checking on us during the meal.Will visit again!
4	Lived across the street from here for almost 10 years and never thought to stop in. Well, last night i visited for the 1st time with a group of Girl Scout moms. WOW! I've been missing out!Lets start with the atmosphere. It felt cozy, decor was gorgeous, and everyone was so friendly.Now the food/drinks. We were able to sample the salads, ziti, meatballs, and several different pizzas. This was original italian food. All of it was amazing. The selection of wine was gigantic!Our group was over 20 people and I didn't hear 1 complaint. I will definitely be going back.
5	Absolutely the best Italian place in AZ!!!! They make their pasta fresh daily ..... and it's amazing!
5	This place is amazing!  The girls found that Wednesdays are just plain wonderful, with their food and wine deals... Delicious pizza and the half price bottles of wine can't be beat... Can't wait to go back. The owners are friendly, welcoming and inviting.
5	Stopped in on spur of the moment after a movie and the place was packed. We were greeted warmly, seated promptly, and had drinks, garlic bread and brucheta on our table within minutes. I had the Chicken Scarpara and the wife had the Chicken Sausage Cacciatora; both dishes were really, really, good!  This quaint, little, bistro and wine bar has a good vibe. The service and the food were fantastic! We are looking forward to our next visit.
4	I was craving red sauce and angel hair pasta, and kind of limited on where to go since I did not want Olive Garden or a Pizza joint.  I saw this place on Yelp and it was very close by.  Driving up to this strip mall establishment I really had low expectations, despite it's numerous good reviews. Upon I walking in I was immediately taken by the nice comfortable lighting and warm wood interior.  We were sat quickly at a nice table near a window.  There was a nice crowd already enjoying themselves- mostly- if not all couples and a couple of 4 tops.  No giant groups of children or bridesmaids!  Thankfully, it was peaceful and pleasant.  I could hear the music being played- some 70's classic light rock. Perfect.My Caesar salad was fresh, appropriately sized and slightly different in flavor from typical Caesar Salads.  A little extra tangey-in a good way!  My dining partner and I decided on the same thing- A tossed sausage, spinach and angel hair pasta with a creamy tomato sauce.  Amazingly good!  A mall basket of garlic bread came with so we could sop up the extra sauce.Prices were fair and the service was nice as well.  I will definitely come back.  the only thing that was strange was the fact that the hostess stand and immediate surroundings are shrouded with jewelery, knickknacks and silly gifts.  These wares for sale were distracting from the otherwise unassuming 'Old World" decor.
5	You know what it feels like when you want to a enjoy a good, reasonably priced meal with interesting wines in an atmosphere that does not look like it came out of "chain restaurants R us?"  This is that place.  Please eat here.  Enjoy an ambiance reminiscent of Little Italy.   The food is very good.   But, this is more than a good restaurant.  This is a restaurant where you enjoy your time as much as your food.  And, Augie, you are a musician of the highest order.  Thank you for a wonderful dining experience.
2	Went there for a work event/dinner.  Having done my research on Yelp I wasn't sure what to expect.The good: - the honey/mascarpone/fig/prosciutto bruschetta.  The tiramisu - very good indeed.The not so good - the pasta.I had the angel hair pasta with sausage and peppers and it was just very bland.  Scott Conant would not have been happy with how overcooked the pasta was.I tried one or two other entrees my colleagues ordered and they were also bland and the pasta was cooked too much for my tastes.
1	We came in ahead of their dinner rush, and were seated promptly. Bread was served, which was moist and included two different varieties. Good stuff.On the menu it says all fresh pastas are made in house daily. Although this may give the impression that all their pastas are made in house, in fact it is quite the contrary. It deceptively means that all of their pastas which are homemade, are made in the restaurant.... Oh, so it is a play on words in an attempt to trick the patron? I was interested in a seafood dish and asked if the pasta in the dish was homemade and fresh. The waiter said in order to get that dish with the homemade pasta it was going to be $7 more than the price of the entree, which was already $20. So I am paying a third of the price of the dish for homemade pasta? No thanks. I then asked which of the entrees already came with the homemade pasta, and the waiter said only one dish had the homemade pasta. Despite the pasta situation, I decided to stay with the Fradiavolo with "marinara sauce" and asked for the noodles on the side.We placed our order, were served our soups and salads soon, and received the Cannelloni and Fradiavolo shortly thereafter.On the plus side, the mushroom soup was one of the best we've ever had. Very earthy, rich, and flavorful. If I had a hankering for cream of mushroom soup, and there were no other known locations for a great soup, I would likely come back just for that; kudos.The Cannelloni, which was supposed to be "baked in bechamelle" looked as if the two crepes were baked, then topped with sauce afterwards. The meat inside was pale, and the dish seemed under-seasoned. We decided to switch it out for a veal dish.The seafood fradiavolo, which was supposed to be in a marinara sauce (which gives the reader the impression that it would be thick like a traditional marinara sauce), was in a thin, broth-like sauce. Regardless, I was satisfied with the taste of the dish and the sauce, but the reason I ordered the dish was because I thought it would be unique with a thick sauce, whereas other restaurants typically serve this type of seafood dish in a broth-like sauce. The shrimp had the tails on, which I though was odd given that all the seafood was submerged in the sauce. In order to de-tail the shrimp I needed to get my hands dirty, which seemed out of place in this type of restaurant.The replacement veal arrived soon. The sides were delicious, the veal however was not. It again was bland, pale, and soggy. Although the preparation of veal scaloppine should include breading and being sauteed, this veal seemed like it was almost boiled, rather than sauteed. The veal had a lot of white floating fat pieces, those that you get when boiling a chicken and not straining off the fat. Next, when cutting into the veal, a large artery was immediately found. We questioned the staff, and they said the veal comes in daily and is hand-trimmed. Well props to you, but if the veal is hand trimmed, wouldn't a large 1/4" artery be easily found in a thin cut of veal?Despite being let down with the entrees, we decided to try the Tiramisu. It was decent; we did not find lady fingers in the dessert. Instead it was layered with a more traditional cake. We are suckers for good Tiramisu, but we were let down.Recapping:Good - Cream of mushroom soup, appetizer bread.Ugh - Bland and soggy meat, artery in veal, all the pasta is NOT handmade (expect to pay 33% more to get this in your dish), tails on shrimp in a sauce dish, and the small restaurant got quite loud later in the evening with the accordion player stopping at every table.
4	Can't believe we haven't written a review yet for one of our favorite neighborhood spots. we've been here so many times with various friends and family. the spot is cozy and comfortable...nice little "over the top" Tuscan design. Friendly and prompt service when you sit down, and oh so yummy garlic bread is brought right away. you'll be tempted to fill up, but don't. for starters, we love the pear/proscuitto/burrata salad. not cheap but easy to share with several diners at the table. their caesar salad is fresh and full of garlicky lemony goodness.we have several favorite pastas -- the cannelloni, which is not smothered with bechamel, but has just the right amount; the ravioli carbonara -- chicken and beef filled ravioli with an eggy, bacon cream sauce; and the ravioli de zucca -- butternut squash ravioli with a crazy-good four-cheese sauce.we also love their wood-oven pizza. the crust has a great chew and it's not overloaded with sauce. we particularly love the quattro stagioni -- mushrooms, artichokes, proscuitto and sausage...we ask for it "scattered" so all pieces have all the goodies. we always end with the tiramisu because it is so good.it is not the cheapest Italian restaurant around, but I'd much rather spend more for great ambiance, made from scratch food and the best service around.
2	We ordered Calamari, Ravioli Carbonara and just some simple Chicken Alfredo and paid almost $45.00 for it all.  After trying our food we decided that it is WAY over-priced for the quality of the food.  I was very disappointed because I love authentic Italian food.  Tthe food wasn't bad, there was just absolutely no flavor to judge it by.
1	How does this place have 4 stars?  How?!  We feel Yelp really lead us astray on this one.  This meal was absolutely terrible.  Garlic bread was cold scraps with hardly any butter, salads were overdressed, and the entrees were gross.I had the shrimp and salmon over fettucine in tomato cream sauce.  The sauce was so watery that it didn't cling to the pasta at all - tasteless.  The shrimp still had tails on and tasted dirty.  The salmon was okay, but there was hardly any of it.  Three small pieces of salmon, three shrimp - for $20.  Ridiculous.BF had the chicken scarpara, which was chicken with mushrooms and peppercino in white wine sauce with penne pasta.  You would think the chicken/sauce would be over the penne, but it was actually served on the side with some meh marinara.  The sauce itself tasted so strong of peppers and vinegar that it burned.  The chicken seemed boiled and was tasteless.The waitress didn't say anything or ask us what was wrong when we had her take away our barely touched plates - not sure if it was bad service or if she just hears complaints all the time and didn't want to deal with it.The only good thing about this place was the accordian player's version of Eleanor Rigby.  Oh, and the laughs we had imagining what Scott Conant would say about this "authentic" Italian cuisine.
4	We stumbled upon this restaurant one rainy summer night.  This is one place that my whole family can agree on.  There is a large variety of items to please everyone.  Stromboli is very good as well as the pizza.  My favorite menu item is the mushroom soup.  It is the best soup I have had in a very long time.  I have tried several of the dinner entrees and none have been a disappointment.  They are currently only serving beer and wine and waiting on their liqueur license.  Service has always been good.  On our last visit, Chad our server , was very attentive.  When he was not around,  there was a young woman who refilled our drinks and brought us anything we needed.
5	Mario and Ginger are awesome!  Love going to the small, neighborhood restaurant. Everything is fresh and the food is excellent.  The bread is awesome too. If you're dieting; stay out!
5	We took a good friend to dinner here recently, to celebrate her 20th birthday....once again ;-)She's been talking about this place for as long as I can remember, so just to shut her up about it, we decided to break bread and guzzle wine at this very cute joint.The place was hopping when we arrived, but we were given a table in no time flat.  The food was delicious and the service was sheer perfection, thanks to Jessica (our waitress) and our after dinner laughs and conversations with Mario, the owner, was a blast.To top it all off, they brought out a beautifully presented and absolutely delicious panna cotta birthday dessert for the birthday gurl.Okay Mario, as agreed, the next time you and Ginger are in sF, andremo a mangiare tapas da Esperpento.  A presto!!
5	I was a little hesitant to come here after reading through some very mixed reviews, but I was very happily surprised at the amazing service and food! My girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 5pm, just heading into the dinner rush. There was absolutely no wait, we were seated immediately, and taken care of promptly. The bruschetta was just fantastic, and the basket of bread that accompanies every meal was just soft enough.I got a custom Stromboli, pepperoni with fresh garlic, motz cheese and their spaghetti sauce. It was delicious! Cooked just right, and not so hot that it scalded my mouth, not so cold that it was unappetizing. My girlfriend got the Chicken Scarpara and tells me she enjoyed it. The sauce had an unexpected, but not unwelcome, kick of heat. I also had a cup of their Italian Wedding Soup. While I'm quite biased, my family makes our own IWS that is to die for, their wedding soup was quite good! My only hope would be that you get more meatballs in the bowl size.The only thing that was slightly off par was the gelato. It just seemed off to me, too much like normal ice cream, but it was still enjoyable.The service here is, as I mentioned, fantastic. Both our server, Cody, and our bus-girl Shannon were extremely attentive and friendly. I spoke with the manager on shift as well, who's name I unfortunately didn't catch. He was just wonderful, and seemed to truly appreciate our business at the store. The facility itself is nice and small, and not too loud. We ate indoors and it was nice, and the patio looks just as great. The restrooms are some of the nicest I've seen, and very well maintained.Overall, I think VinciTorio's absolutely deserves the 5/5, in all regards.
4	Must admit we still love coming here with the family. Overall it's a little more pricey than some of the other Italian restaurants around here,  Service has always been good with many of the same  face servers around which is always a good sign.  Also like the ambiance of the new extension / wine bar. Because it is so popular it does fill up quickly esp. on the Friday / Sat evening rush after 5:30 pm. We find it's better to reserve ahead and go early or go later say after 8 pm. The only disappointment is the lack of variety for vegetarians. my wife gets a little fed up with the lack of variety.  Marked them down a half star for that plus a serious mis-cue on the seating last New Year (or was it Christmas?)  - we had reserved a table, but still had to wait an additional 45 mins (because of  the apparent complication of seating a young child). Anyways forgave them that - just hope they have more vegetarian options in the future.
5	Love this place.  We bring our out of town friends here all the time.  Great Italian food and service.
5	I've lived in the neighborhood over 15 years, but had never stopped by. I knew it was an Italian restaurant, and I had heard so-so reviews, so I thought - why bother, when there are so many other good Italian restaurants in the Valley. Stopped by about 3-4 months ago, and I was greatly impressed. The "Enoteca" wine bar next to the restaurant is so cute and inviting. The ambiance is reminiscent of someone's wine cellar - dark, cool, and a little funky. Great happy hour prices on wine and their signature flatbreads and bruscettes - $6.00 each. I've also tried their white pizza - which is one of the best white pizza's I've had. The "Enoteca" can get a little crowded around happy hour - and just a note - happy hour prices do not extend into the restaurant.
5	Best Pizza Hands Down in AZ!
4	Excellent food and service. Truly outstanding. However, they were 30 minutes late with our reservation on Saturday night with no managerial apology. Also they pack in the tables which is uncomfortable. Better check with the fire marshal, the place was seriously overcrowded.
5	Food is great, service is great...we dine here at least once per month...what else can I say??
4	VinciTorio's is very good.  I have thoroughly enjoyed Their linguini and white clam sauce now twice.  Yummy ravioli too.  Great service and value.  The lemony dessert was amazing.  I impressed my date by taking her here.  Maybe we should have gone back, because she totally lost interest not long after.  Oh wait, that's not what Yelp is for.  VinciTorio's: recommended.
4	I had a stromboli, my husband had a pizza. The stromboli was delicious, the pizza wasn't as good as I had hope for, both dishes were large enough that we could have split them rather than order 2 entrees. You can definitely find better real Italian pizza in Tempe (try Classic Italian Pizza on Baseline/Lakeshore) but the restaurant is very nice and cozy. Our server was attentive and courteous. We really enjoyed our dinner here. Next time we'll try the pasta.
4	We came here last night for a friends birthday dinner.  We made a reservation so we were seated vey quickly. As soon as we were seated, we were served warm garlic bread that was quite tasty. We all got Caesar salads that were so delicious.  A friend and I split the eggplant sorrentino, and it was great. The sauce was very fresh and light. The entrees claim to come with a side of pasta and sauteed veggies. The veggie we got was literally 1 piece of broccoli on each plate. Another disappointing thing was they charge a $5 "sharing" fee so by the time we got the check we realized we should have just gotten our own dishes for about the same price. Another odd thing was that the only thing our server did was take our orders and give us the check. The bus boy refilled our drinks, brought out our dishes, cleared our plates etc. the lighting is kind of dark but there is nice ambiance. I would probably eat here again.
3	average-good food ... service can me further improved.
4	I was here a couple weekends ago for the Phoenix Rock n' Roll Marathon & Half-Marathon, and we had a ex-local recommend this place as a great pre-race carbo-loading spot.  We made a reservation for 6:30p Saturday night.It turned out to be totally worth the drive from our hotel in Tempe (which really wasn't that far, but still)!  Soon after we arrived and were promptly seated, the crowd around the front door increased exponentially with every passing minute.  The wait must have been really long - thank goodness for the reservation!  Definitely follow suit, especially if you plan to come on a Friday or Saturday night.To start, our party of 3 ordered one of the flatbreads.  These are not on the menu online for whatever reason, but I'd suggest we all take it as a sign to not order it.  Really.  It was pretty pricey, tiny, and not particularly impressive.  You'd be better off just asking for another basket of bread they bring, because the focaccia was just as good (and free).We all ended up getting the same thing - the rigatoni al forno.  It came with a salad, which was actually really good.  But then came the main attraction itself, and ,oly moly was that delicious!  I ate every single last little piece of rigatoni, and then sopped up the sauce with more (free) bread.  Don't judge - I ran it all off the next day. :o)If you are in the area, I'd definitely recommend checking this place out.  It was pretty reasonably priced, considering the portion sizes (for everything except the flatbread), and super tasty.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped back in here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  As usual, everything was great, from the charming decor & overall atmosphere, the friendly, attentive service, & the great Italian food!Today's Buffet started with tossed salad with a number of ingredients already in it, & then various things to add such as cucumber slices, olives, and Italian or Ranch Dressing.Hot dishes out this time were Chicken Genovese, Meatballs with Raviolis, and Baked Penne with Eggplant.  A basket of tasty hot Garlic Bread is also brought to the table. Still a truly 5 Star place here, & still holding at the low price of $8.95 for the Weekday Lunch Buffet.     :-))PS:  This place is also excellent for a romantic evening of dinner & drinks, either inside or out on their inviting patio.  (Make reservations!)
1	I found this place on Yelp when I was looking for a dinner spot close to Tempe Marketplace to catch a movie later in the evening. Per the other reviews, I thought it might be busy on a Friday night so I called two days in advance to make dinner reservations for 4 at 7:30. Our party of four arrived at 7:28pm and checked in with the hostess. I was initially relieved that I made the reservations because the place was packed! The hostess said they would come find us when our table was ready so we took a spot standing near the cute merchandise they have for sale and expected maybe a 10-15 minute wait. Luckily our conversation entertained us because before we knew it, 20 minutes had gone by and we were still waiting. We waited another 10 minutes before checking on our table since they were busy but when we did, we were informed that our table would be ready shortly since 5 tables were nearly done. Fine. As we continued to wait, we were approached by a very intoxicated woman and had to endure a very awkward conversation with her. Clearly not the restaurant's fault but maybe someone should have cut this lady off before we had to hear about how her father made french toast?! We finally finished our 50 minute wait and were taken to the bar side of the restaurant where we were placed one table away from the entertainment that evening. It was a middle-aged piano player who talked more than sang and was having a full on conversation with the table next to us. Had we not been waiting for 50 minutes already and didn't have a movie to make in an hour and 15 minutes, I would have demanded a different table.  At this point, I was hoping the service and food were going to make up for this rocky start. Unfortunately, it didn't get much better. Our waitress showed up after a several minute wait and took our drink order. She was clearly busy but definitely not overly friendly or accommodating. I cautioned my dinner guests that we would need to order ASAP if we ever wanted a chance to make our 9:30 movie and we all picked out our dishes and ordered the next time she came back to our table. Once we ordered and our drinks arrived, we were served garlic bread and I must admit, that was some of the worst garlic bread I've ever had. There was absolutely nothing special about it and it was like someone took out the fluffy, good part of the bread and seasoned the crust. Blah. By the time our food arrived close to 30 minutes later, it was clear we had no chance of making our movie. The food was okay but I don't think even the best Italian food at this point would make me want to come back here. The piano guy finally took a break and we were able to have a nice conversation without yelling over him and just decided to enjoy our dinner guests rather than rushing. We didn't end up leaving until most of the place was cleared out (about 10pm) and don't recall ever being offer additional drinks while we chatted.  I do know my water glass was full all the time. At least they got that right. On the way out, we were thanked by 4 different people sitting at the bar as we left. Really? Where has the great service been all night? Apparently sitting at the bar. We will never be back.
4	Good food. Lots of cream.Good atmosphere. They would have gotten 5 stars if we had not waited so long for the main dishes.
2	First time at this restaurant, won't be going back!  Food was tasty, but the cursing and very boring music made the experience one that I would not subject myself to again.
1	OUCH! My birthday dinner from fiends. I found the atmosphere to be rather :kitschy" gaudy cheap jewelry on a rack and stretching the length of  a hallway from the dinning room to the wine bar----, that should have been a clue...can't make it on the food we will sell junk!I ordered Calamari, just half cooked, tough and large rounds thick rounds, the only eatable part were the little feelers. The salad, poor dressing no flavor, brown leaves from the "wink wink" from the fresh green salad. Ordered Veal Picatta, it was served in a flour sauce, absolutely no flavor and so thick and sticky, 50 caper sprinkled on top, were not cooked with sauce it did have a one slice of lemon.Dessert: a ball of Spumoni dipped in a hard chocolate covering, kind of like Dairy Queen! I am cured, I will never go back and never tell anyone about this disaster!
1	Read the other reviews, particularly the one about some dude's brother having been in Italy etc, and decided to try it last night.  Garlic bread was nothing special and iced tea was that Gold Peak stuff, which is fine for Silvermine Subs but not what you'd expect from an allegedly great Italian place. Had the Cannelloni for main dish and it was absolutely bland. Claimed be served in bechamel sauce but it was more like Alfredo.  Waitress was nice but that doesn't make a tasteless $18 dish worth the money or the calories.  Maybe other stuff is better but I seriously question peoples' reviews.  If you have a refined palette for genuine Italian food, go elsewhere.
1	Some of the worst, over priced, bland food I have ever had in my life!  "Garlic" bread they brought to the table had no flavor and was cold. Wouldn't give it to my dogs. The salad was composed of the cheapest lettuce known to man...with 2 or 3 good pieces of lettuce thrown in there. Insulting basically. Then the pasta comes. Meat sauce was watery with very few pieces of meat. Beers were over priced. Tables were so close together that my boyfriends chair got hit every time a waiter walked by. Once the 60 year + crowd stops coming, this place will hopefully go out of business. Ugh!!!! I want my 50 bucks back
3	My husband and I dined here 3/23 at the suggestion of a friend.  I want to start out by saying that I really want to give this at least 4 stars for several reasons.  It is the best Caprese salad I have ever had. Duh, what can you do to Caprese salad?  However, it was the little touches that made it special.  There were pickled baby artichokes and nice red peppers in addition to the mozzarella and tomatoes.  Frankly, it is a dish that should be shared. I could have stopped without an entree. My husband loved his mushroom soup and the seafood fra diablo although he said it could have had more clams and mussels.  My meal arrived cold.  I have what I nicknamed "mother's mouth".  You learn to eat your food lukewarm because you are busy taking care of everyone else. Mine wasn't even lukewarm. Marsala gravy cold, broccoli cold, and pasta sauce almost cold. I debated about sending it back because you always worry what is going to happen to it; however, I did because I just couldn't eat it cold. The waiter was gracious and had it reheated.  The meal was flavorful.  I did wonder, however, why when it was returned to me, it had 3 different types of pastas mixed in -spirals, large tubes, and linguine.I also wish to add that our waiter was very kind and accommodating.  We were seated right beneath a fan and when he saw me acting chilly, he had the fan turned off. We will go back again.  They give you more than generous portions and like I said the flavor is good. Worth it to give them another chance. Besides, I want to be able to give them 4 or 5 stars.
4	Consistently great food. Nice happy hour
4	Went back as promised we would.  Gave an extra star this time but only for the food.  The waitress we had was in charge of 7 tables and while she took our drink order immediately, it had to have been 15 minutes before we saw our drinks.  She did apologize on her way past one time and I told her that she was rating an F thus far. Don't think it was really her fault but service was as poor as what it was good on a previous visit. At least this time my food was not cold.  My husband and I shared the caprese salad which as I mentioned in an earlier review, is the best I ever had just for it's uniqueness. Soup came with our dinner and I had the wedding soup which is supposed to have tiny meatballs.  Mine had none but I have to say it was the most flavorful soup I have ever tasted. My husband had the chicken and sausage cacciatori which he says was excellent.  I had the veal genovese which was very flavorful also.  My only disappointment is that the waitress said I could not have the same sauce on my pasta as what was on the veal.  Don't get me wrong, their red sauce is good, I just prefer to have whatever sauce is on my entree on the pasta as I am not a fan of red sauce - I never order anything but white pizza for that reason. Which reminds me - we did stop there on a Friday night a few weeks ago and I had a white pizza - brick oven scrumptious. Hubby had a cheesesteak which he says was also good for not being the true Philly cheesesteaks we were accustomed to in South Jersey with the South Philly influence.  It really is all about the bread which few places around here can replicate. So Vincintorio's has moved up to a 4 in my book and, of course, we will go back.
4	This is a place that I have frequented for years and it is really good.  The trofie al pesto is my favorite!  Save room for Tiramisu - it is seriously the best one that I have found in the Valley.  Mario and Ginger are so warm and welcoming and make you feel like part of the family.  They have live music quite often and an awesome happy hour!
4	I never knew this place was here! It definitely adds some class to the Tempe Cinema plaza.I met some friends here for a birthday celebration. Inside, it looks very much like what you'd expect a real Italian restaurant to look like. We were in the bar area (Enoteca) to the right. Its very homey feeling. We sat at a nice long picnic style dark wood table. It was just right for the amount of people we had.Our server was very, very nice and attentive. Especially since we had people arriving at different times. They have an excellent wine selection. We all tried a different flatbread, which were a really good size for 1, if youre really hungry, and perfect for sharing. I had the Pugliese and it was very, very good. I would absolutely recommend it and this place to others wanting a nice semi intimate setting for a happy hour or dinner. We left just as the accordion player started his rounds, not a fan. They also have plenty of kitschy souvenirs for purchase. Check it out!
4	Love this place... It is close to my office so i come for lunch anytime i have chance to go out. I usually sit at the bar and order off the menu. I have not tried the buffet yet.... The Linguini Vongole is excellent and taste as if it was made at home... Must try for lunch is the Chicken parm sandwich that often get...  The flat breads are amazing.... I have tried all the flat breads and love them all...The Stromboli aka calzone is huge tasty and crispy. Love it. .. I have not had a bad dish yet...
5	Great neighborhood Italian restaurant!  The staff is great and the wine bar is a fantastic addition.  We have been long time regulars and consider Vincitorio's a second home.  The wine list is excellent and they have something for every price range.
4	We went here for my bookclub.  The waiter was fabulous, despite being slammed with a few other large tables.  He took the time to understand my wine preference and made a great recommendation (which I unfortunately can't remember).  I had the cream of mushroom soup which was wickedly rich and creamy and the house salad which was nice.  It would have been the perfect light dinner had the bread not been so delicious that I also enjoyed too much of that - my bad.  Will definitely be back to experience some of their other dishes.
4	Had a really good meal here last night. Only took away a star due to not making the mozzarella sticks fresh (i had asked and knew, but ordered anyway) and the fact that the butternut squash ravioli dish had way too much sauce and looked more like soup than pasta. Once you sifted through the sauce, the homemade ravioli was quite good. My dish was also ravioli, four cheeses, in a bed of marinara sauce. At least six large clearly homemade ravioli had a nice light filling and a tasty, authentic red sauce. The cream of mushroom soup was great and the salad was fresh and large with good chunky blue cheese dressing on the side. Garlic Bread and foccaccia was served up hot and a free refill was given. About 15 bucks per dish with the soup or salad included. Wanted to try dessert, but who charges 7 bucks for one cannoli. and 8 bucks for a slice of tiramisu?
5	Went on Winesday and got a fabulous deal on some delicious red wine. Half price all bottles! Love the eggplant dishes, one of the few restaurants that can make a dinner that I couldn't make better at home. I really enjoy checking out the jewelry and accessories they sell in the front too. Great local restaurant!
3	VinciTorio's1835 E. Elliot Road, Tempe, ArizonaWe arrived at VinciTorio's on a Saturday evening at 6:00 with reservations. We were seated in about 5 minutesWe skipped the appetizers and started with salad. I and companion had house salads; mine with a house Italian dressing, and companion's with a Balsamic dressing that didn't appear to have any balsamic in it.. The salads were fresh with some nice frisee, but lacked tomato. Main courses were ordered. I ordered Linguini with clam sauce with extra garlic. Flavor was satisfactory, but it would have been much better with a less watery sauce. The clams appeared to have been from a can rather than fresh. While my personal preference would have been a slightly thickened sauce, it was properly prepared and could be easily sopped up with lots of the excellent garlic bread.Companion ordered ravioli, which when brought out were sitting in pools of water in the sauce. They obviously were not properly drained and/or leaked in the hot water bath.  Again, my personal preference would have been to have the sauce thicker so that it adhered more to the pasta, but that is a matter for debate among chefs.On to desserts, the absolute high point of the meal. I ordered the Panna Cotta  which came with macerated raspberries on top and blueberries on the plate. It was smooth and silky and just melted on your palate. It was just as good as the last time I ate here.Companion had the same dessert and pronounced it wonderful.Service was at a bit of a rushed pace. The restaurant was reasonably clean.Compared to the last review I did of this restaurant, this was not as good an experience. The food seemed to be downgraded as compared to my last review, though the Panna Cotta was every bit as good as I remembered it being. Service could use some polish as well as slowing down a bit. I felt like they just wanted to serve us and get us out of the place.One less star than the last review.
5	Update as of 7/3/2013, also known as my 21st birthday.Tonight was amazing.I make it no secret that VinciTorio's is probably my favorite restaurant in all of Arizona, so I had high expectations coming in with my parents and girlfriend for my birthday. I was not let down.The bruschetta was as fantastic as before, and everyone agreed on that. My first ever adult drink was their Cardoni (I believe, as I'm now home writing this review trying to remember, ha!) I got the mushroom soup as my dinner starter and was blown out of the water. It was honest to god some of the best soup I've ever had in my life.I had the Chicken Saltimbocca (again, guessing at names here, my Yelp app was updating) and it was very good! I can recommend it to anyone who likes Chicken and Prosciutto;DOur waiter was the nicest of nice and extremely attentive. When we ordered dessert he discretely spoke to my father, and ended up arranging the sweetest thing (as again, it's my 21st birthday)On the plate of my dessert was Happy 21st Birthday written out in the chocolate sauce, with a cute little candle sticking out of my dessert! To top that, the local singer/guitar player who was there tonight (who's name I'm hoping I can find, as she was wonderful) sang me a beautiful happy birthday.I will forever be happy with VinciTorio's, they've treated me, my friends, and my family excellently all 4-5 times I've been, and can honestly say I will miss this place should I ever move.Do yourself a favor and have a lunch or dinner here sometime. It's absolutely worth it.
5	For the sake of this review, I am only discussing the lunch buffet that runs from 11am-2pm.  I haven't ordered off the menu yet, so I can't comment.That said, the buffet is downright wonderful.  For $9 or so you get a drink and all you can eat of a wonderful salad and three (3) high-quality entrees.  One entree is usually starchless so something like a chicken and sausage cacciatore with veggies.  The second is pasta with really good meatballs.  Usually the pasta is stuffed, like a ravioli or tortellini.  The third dish is usually pasta-centric, maybe with vegetables.I really try to minimize "bad carbs," so a big salad, some meatballs and the meat dish make for a wonderful meal.My colleague and I eat here about twice a week.  It is tasty, fairly healthy and probably faster than even walking to our company's cafeteria.  The service is always really good.  Occasionally, we order cappuccinos after the meal and the servers always make 'em good, suitable for an Italian place like this.I only wish it were open until 2:30pm, because I usually eat lunch quite late.  Also, once in a while the meatballs seem to be not as tasty, perhaps it is when I come late on slow day and they have been sitting on the buffet too long.  Still, the buffet is a 5-star deal for sure.
5	Popped in here again, during our annual ride to the desert.We split the following:1. Asparagus wrapped in prosciutto.  Delicious!2. Caesar salad.  Delicious with homemade dressing.3. Trofie al pesto.  As good as, maybe better than my own pesto.4. Panna cotta for dessert.  Delicious.5. Washed it all down with 14 hands of cabernet.  Very decent table wine.This place is still our new go to neighborhood joint, for tasty authentic Italian vittles, served up by Mario and his crew.Grazie caro amico.  Spero di rivederti presto, in moto!!!
2	I recently went to dinner here with a friend. He thought he remembered this place being amazing. Unfortunately, the service was horrible. It took over 20 minutes to just get drinks and another 10 or so to finally order. Once the food got there, it was wrong. We decided to eat it as is anyway and it was just super bland and just not good :( While it was nice trying something new, I don't think I'll return.
2	Our last visit in June was very disappointing, but since I have been following Mario for nearly 23 years I passed it off as everybody has bad nights.  Went back after 4 months, had the pizza, was average, dough was soggy but had good flavor.  What really blew me was the wine list, pretty good, but whoa! serious price increases!  I love wine with good Italian food but they have gone into the stratosphere on pricing.  I guess all good things do come to an end, time to find another place, shouldn't be hard, lots of competition out there.
5	My wife and I go here a couple times a year for quite a while now.The food is very good, as is the service. I usually get the lasagna without looking much at the menu.  The house chianti works well.  It's all certainly good enough that we keep going back.  The atmosphere is usually quiet, even when the place is busy.  That means we can talk easily in a calm voice.On the nights that Augie is there with his accordion, the place is usually busier, and I have to think it's at least partly because of Augie.  He doesn't just play around with the squeeze box--he's Good!  He's a classically trained musician, and really puts himself into it, especially when he knows you appreciate it.
5	This place is hands down my favorite Italian food restaurant in the Phoenix area!! I only come here every so often but each time I do come the food and the service is exceptional. The staff here are amazing and they truly do treat you like family. The food and the wine is always perfect. Again the staff is crucial here, each time they have paired my food with a perfect glass (or two) of wine. I always recommend the special if they have one! Every single time in the 5+ years I have come here I've never had over cooked pasta. It's always al dente. Also the bread basket is to die for. The decor is very cute and the actual dining room is a bit small but cozy. I truly feel this place deserves 6 stars for how great it is! Perfecto!
5	Great Food and Great Staff! I work right near this place and visit often, the lunch buffet is great as well as most other dishes that I have eaten.
3	Coming from Philadelphia I have a few things to say about good Italian food.  This place is good, but not great, and the price compared to the portion size is not good.  The bread they give you before the meal is very nice and tasty.  The atmosphere is a bit ostentatious;  I going to  guess the clientele have money and they don't treat the wait staff very well, so the wait staff intern are not very friendly.  This is common in these neighborhood higher end restaurants, sad but true.  I can get better Italian for cheaper with a more laid back atmosphere else ware in the valley, but this is a hard combination to find in this area of the county.
3	I had the Butternut Squash Ravioli and thought it was just okay. My boyfriend had the Salmon and Shrimp Fettuccine and liked it even though it was soupy. The service was pretty darn slow with drinks, slow with bringing the bread (garlic bread pieces is a poor choice) and then we sat around for some time before the waiter came to take plates. The drinks were the weakest I've ever had. Don't even bother with mixed drinks!
3	Overall it was just ok. Bomba desserts are probably the best thing they serve.
5	We wanted something light and and a nice atmosphere the Fornarina hit the spot and the atmosphere in the Enoteca was perfect. We will be back with friends.
5	This is one of my new favorite places!  The food was great and they had a really good wine selection. It was reasonably priced too. The staff was super friendly. We went on 4th of July which just happened to have rained and was only 80 degrees so we wanted to sit outside. It wasn't set up so they set it up just for us. It's a good vibe, and I loved the way they decorated it. They made the patio feel kind of secluded from the parking lot, stores and street, but still get some nice sunshine in. We went inside and looked at the wine bar side and it looked really fun too. I definitely will be going back again!
1	I am way too trashy to hang out here.I mean is this an illusion, or some shifty dream I would have after some sort of physical  trauma induced by drunk tractor driving and the accompanying prescription painkiller abuse? I didn't realize that The Elite of South Tempe dined in a strip mall next to a 3$ cinema and a church called The Vineyard - in a restaurant that sells jewelry in the waiting area, to boot. Maybe its because I voted for Obama, but this place really caught me off guard. Met some friends for a drink and were told very quickly by the owner that we were being too loud...in the corner...of a bar...where we could barely hear eachother over the pianist's rendition of Mr Brightside by The Killers? Anyway, I think we were underdressed and I made a mistake. There's always Riazzi's on Mill and Southern or Brioni in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	This restaurant is our favorite place to go.  We love the friendly atmosphere in the Enoteca and the authentic Italian food.  Mario VinciTorio makes the pasta and his wife Ginger keeps the service flowing.  They're both warm and friendly and so is the entire staff.  Our nearly weekly visits here are like visiting good friends.We each have our favorites on the menu, but a few of mine are the mushroom soup (really incredible), the broccoli stromboli (think calzone), and when they have it the cioppino (my absolute favorite).  Jack is a huge fan of the osso bucco which they often make with a pork shank.  Their marinara and pesto are amazing, and the Caesar salad is delish.  The ravioli are hand made and always excellent.  The specials are typically spectacular.  The wine selection is terrific and they also have some great options for beer.Mario uses imported, quality products from Italy (you can't find better prosciutto).  Mario and Ginger make regular trips back to Italy (where Mario was born and originally trained as a chef) to get new menu ideas.  They both work incredibly hard on their restaurant and it shows.  Each day, Mario is in early making fresh pasta while Ginger gets things set up for the endless stream of regular, happy customers.Live music (check the schedule to see when they have it) adds to the restaurant's festive atmosphere.  Usually the music is low enough to still allow for easy conversation, but some nights it's more of a party.  They can get very busy on weekend nights (and even some other nights), so you might want to check to see if you need a reservation.If you try it, I'm pretty sure you will become a fan, too.  Be sure to ask your server for suggestions for your first meal here.  They are very happy to help you find something that will meet your needs/tastes.  Don't let a few cranky reviewers keep you from trying this gem in Tempe.
1	Not sure if this was a rare situation but my first time trying this place with my girlfriend we returned the food from the carry out order we placed. The owner or manager was kind of rude when we asked for the money back. They gave it to us but we won't be back.
5	Best Italian food in Tempe.  Love the vibe!  So friendly.  Capellini is great, so is the Tiramisu.  Great wine list & good happy hour (before 6 pm) prices.  Oh yeah - also love the broccoli Stromboli.
2	I want to like this place. But the stromboli aka calzone had no flavor. I think what I dont like is the sauce. It had a weird flavor to it. The gf said too much basil but that was not it.  The fresh bread was wonderful. They have a very cool patio. I will have to try again something different. But I thought the stromboli was terrible. Kind of soggy after the water drained all over the bottom of the plate.  Why it has water is curious. I should have got a pizza I guesss. But the sauce scares me. Next time I will try homemade pasta.
1	I came here on Valentine's day. Unfortunately, the atmosphere was less than romantic. We were elbow to elbow with another couple. They crammed in as many two tops as possible, and doubled the prices on their menu, in honor of this day of love. It was obvious their only concern was gaining as much revenue as possible, at the expense of their guests. The food was awful. I feel bad saying that, but it is the best description. I had the veal. It tasted like a microwave dinner. The noodles were over cooked and mushy. How does that happen at an Italian restaurant? As a cook, I expect better, especially when I'm paying through the nose. I didn't come out on Valentine's day to rub elbows with somebody that I don't know. Horrible experience, will never visit again.
5	My wife and I have been going to Vincitorio's for years. It is a great place eat. Last night we had a group of 16 with us to enjoy the dueling pianos!! He had a blast!!
4	I have been putting this review off, so time to do it. I am a little behind. But, this is a place that I would go back to any time, and a place I really liked.It is close in the area to us. It is a clean place that smells really good when you walk in. The smell of Italian food cooking fresh is always good.I got the Italian Wedding soup on my last visit. Along with Garlic knots and the Steak Salad. Wow, what a filling meal.It was really good! I am not usally that into the soup when I go out to dinner, but this is worth it. Very good.The salad had a lot of dark lettuce in it. Which is something that we all like.The wine is reasonably priced. Service was great, and the owner even comes to greet you.I like it ,it is a nice place ,and decorated very nice as well.It is good for groups if you call in advance and lots of parking as it is in a shopping center.
2	My family has been regulars here for many years and you'd think that the owners would at least pretend to recognize us once in a while.  No such luck.  I've brought people here for lunch twice in the past two weeks, and each time Ginger greeted us like strangers.  (And I use the word "greeted" very loosely; no warm fuzzies here.)  Once you get past the attitude at the front of the house, the food is decent, particularly at lunch.  The lunch buffet is well-priced and easy for meetings.  The service staff is good.  Just don't expect a goodbye or thank you when you go out the front door.
5	Came here with a total party size of 14 people.   Celebrated a recent graduation.   Great service,  good food,  great atmosphere.   If you're a wine or beer lover,  you have plenty of drinks to choose from.   They even have the two graduates at our table some killer looking desserts,  on the house.   I'm sure we will be back next time we are in the area!
5	Went there on a Sunday night at 5 PM for Dinner to celebrate my Brother in law's birthday. This place looks very cozy and looks to represent what a restaurant would look like in Italy . We ordered the Antipasta which was a plate of meat , tomato , cheese , olives , the olive oil they used really put together this dish to make it amazing.  I ordered the chicken Parm  to share with my wife. The meal came out already split into 2 places for us and equally portioned out. The food was very fresh and did not seem like any corners were cut. Afterwards we ordered the Tiramisu dessert . That cake was insanely good. The presentation was 5/5 and the taste was 5/5 it was fluffy , creamy , melts in your mouth goodness. Finished it off with a shot of espresso. Oh yeah , there was also a gentlemen playing live music( accordion)  that was walking around to different tables making this place very romantic at the same time.
1	Not a good experience. My wife and I made reservations for 630pm and finally got sat at 7:25! It was a Saturday night but with a reservation, I should not wait more than 10 minutes. No Manager apologies either. The food was bland and the servers whom are all high school kids were not informed on the menu. The tiramisu was good but I would not go back.
3	Ordered to go. Was greeted warmly however, the food is mediocre. Save your money and save your calories.
3	I enjoyed this spot. The atmosphere was very nice even romantic.  The service was nice as well. I tried their lasagna which was good...I would like to return for another entree and Wine Wednesdays. :)
5	Great neighborhood restaurant! The pastas are delicious and always homemade. Friendly staff. Often fun love music. Separate lively wine bar. We have always had a great meal.
5	I write the occasional review on different restaurants but I don't take pictures of my food before I eat it ..... so...... if you are expecting pictures - it is not going to happen! Here is the scoop.......this is "Italian comfort food" in a cozy & warm environment. The inside of the restaurant looks like you are sitting in a sidewalk cafe somewhere in Italy, in a little town, on a little back street.  The smell of different sauces simmering in the kitchen fill your senses while soft music plays in the background. Regardless of what you order, the food is excellent and you can expect a visit to your table by Mario who will make sure everything was "okay". If you want to impress clients, entertain friends or just have an evening out, this is the place!!! DISCLAIMER:  I am not a family member, I do not own any part of this restaurant and if you take your spouse or friend out for a romantic evening I will not be held responsible for what happens after a glass of wine and a romantic evening at Vinci Torios!! (You are in your own!)
1	Overpriced, over cooked and bland. Did not enjoy the food at all. On the bright side, the ambiance was nice.
4	Took my mother here for her birthday dinner. Had a party of 8. Great atmosphere and our server was amazing. We will be back.
5	Fabulous food, great atmosphere and awesome service! Fresh ingredients and authentic Italian food - from the appetizer to the after dinner drink, it was scrumptious!
5	I LOVE this place. I found it back in 2007 and eat here about once a week. I'll keep coming back! Best Italian food that I've found in Phoenix yet. Reasonable prices and a nice staff, too.
2	Service is horrendous! Lunch buffet was cold so we told them to order us cheesesteaks instead. They shrugged off the unsanitary food temperatures like it was no big deal. I love their cheesesteaks! Been a customer since Longhitano days. Very disappointed with the service!!
5	What a hidden treasure! We found this amazing place on Yelp by looking at the map. Don't let it's strip mall location fool you! The wine list? Extensive! If you love wine... You won't be disappointed. The prosciutto wrapped asparagus is to die for! And we shared a delicious house pasta. I wish I could remember what it was but it was the special that night and not on the menu. Our server was gracious and knowledgable. Dessert? Tiramisu. Oh. My. Yum! Then... The chef came out to personally greet us (with a little lemon cello to thank us for trying them out)! What an amazing night... What a beautiful place. I can't wait to go back!
5	My husband and I decided to try this restaurant this evening and are extremely happy we did!!  We heard that an acquaintance of ours was playing the piano there tonight so this sounded like a perfect scenario.  We got there early and entered the lounge and discovered many "reserved" tables, so we sat at the bar.  Out hostess assured us she would seat us at an occupied table when they left because it was not reserved later.  In the interim, she brought us a basket of the best Rosemary Focaccia I've had in a long time.  It was warm, and the softness of the pillowy bread almost melted in our mouths.  Just the right touch of rosemary made it even better!  As requested we were seated and ordered our dinner.  We decided to start with the Burrata con Arugula which was divine.  Imported Burrata cheese over fresh Arugula drizzled with a superb EVOO!  We followed that with a pizza put together by none other than the owner!  We ordered Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, and Buffalo Mozzarella, with the crust crisp.  It came out PERFECT and is now at the top of our favorite PIZZA list!  And, during this time, we listened to the wonderful, soft, piano music played by an extremely talented local musician, Billy Ward. The music took the whole evening "over the top"!!!!   We will definitely be headed this way again, and soon!  A true hidden treasure in Tempe!!!
5	This is a regular spot for my wife and I.  Great atmosphere.  The wine bar is amazing and has a piano player on Friday and Saturday nights.  This is our 'go-to- restaurant, the pizza is to die for (especially if Mario is cooking) and everything on the menu is stellar.  Chicken and veal parm will knock your socks off.  My wife loves the seafood plates.  The bartenders are great as well.  Pretty much the perfect restaurant and you can tell they really care about the experience they provide.
4	We have been looking for a good Italian restaurant.  We liked this one a lot.  Very good service.  The food is authentic with very good flavor.  The asparagus appetizer was great.  The pasta dishes were excellent. The veal dish my wife had was excellent as well.  Very reasonable prices for an Italian restaurant.  Very extensive wine list. This is a great find.
4	The best pizza I have found in the valley that tastes like authentic small town NY pizza. We have only tried the basic cheese and sausage (like 5 times since I tried it 6 weeks ago) but we plan to explore more soon! Also, love their Cesar salad dressing!! Yummy!
5	Italian doesn't get any better than this. The atmosphere is just like it should be. They really care about their food and it shows. Gnocci is light and flavorful.  All their pasta is homemade and it tastes homemade. My girlfriend couldn't get enough of the owner Mario. He really cares and it shows.
4	I had lunch today with a group of co-workers.  This was my first visit and I enjoyed it, we all did.  Most of us had the lunch buffet for $8.95 AND includes a drink!Food was good.  Selection was good.  Service was good.Great atmosphere.  Great for lunch or in the evening a more intimate encounter....
4	I really enjoyed the buffet lunch.  Fresh salad and pasta/meat dishes. Simple but done well.  Great value at 9 bucks that includes a drink.   Very cozy and clean atmosphere with a great staff. Owner is great as well.  I will be taking wife back for dinner as the wine selection looks solid.  Give this place a try.
4	We go here for office lunches for the buffet. It is quick and as far as buffets go it isn't bad. I have had better Italian food but for the price and convenience it's hard to beat!
4	Love this place!  Great for a date night or lunch with the girls.  Only complaint is that it gets so loud in there sometimes it's hard to hear yourself talk.  If they could fix that, I would definitely give it 5 stars
2	Meh... Love that it's local and the food isn't usually bad. Just expensive.I feel like I'm in the middle of an identity crisis when I'm there. They want to charge fine dining prices, but operate as a mom and pop. Tonight the service was poor and the "homemade" pasta was chewy. Nobody asked so I didn't mention it.  Oh and the bartender/server didn't have her long hair pulled back. Ewww! Whenever I hear "can I get another one" from more than a few customers, I realize it's not just me. In this economy going out to dinner is a treat for most... I hate it when restaurants forget that.
5	Our favorite restaurant by far. My wife and I drop in at least twice a month.  The owners, Mario and his wife Ginger are lovely people and seem to know most of the clientele.  Mario is actually from southern Italy and his cooking tastes like the real thing, not americanized italian.  The atmosphere reminds me of a restaurant in a small town in Italy- inviting, intimate, fun. Their pizza is amazing, particularly the "Romana" - the bacon is cut razor thin to melt in your mouth.  I love all the dishes I have tried but I think my favorite is Mario's home made trofie pasta combined with Capellini sauce- to die for.  You can mix and match- Mario can cook just about anything and it is always a treat.  We have brought over 25 friends and family at different times over the past few years and all have loved it.
3	What a hell of an experience this place was. It started with some restaurant patron outside who was talking to myself complimenting me and then almost starting a fight with me. At that point the night was already off to a great start, but I won't hold that against the restaurant. The place is quite busy so it must be a good place. One thing I didn't like was feeling so damn cramped in this place. I am sure there are seats that aren't cramped, but in my case I was stuck in a corner. I couldn't even get out of my seat if needed.  The service was fair and the pasta was okay, but not memorable. I won't be frequenting this restaurant, but I wouldn't mind going back to give it a second shot.
5	My DH and I had dinner here tonight in their wine bar because they had an incredible piano player entertaining while we ate.  We started with the Antipasto Italiano as our appetizer and were overwhelmed with all the fresh flavors of the fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, peppers, artichokes, several different olives and different salami and ham meats.  DELICIOUS and as fresh as it gets!!  For my entree I tried the lasagna as a recommendation from our knowledgable waitress, and I'm glad I did!!  It was full of flavor of rich tomatoes (probably San Marzano from my guess) as well as homemade pasta noodles and luscious ricotta and mozzarella layered together with huge slices of their homemade Italian sausage.  It was probably the best Lasagna I've ever had!!  My DH went for the Philly Cheesesteak and he was all smiles as he finished every single crumb!!  I finished with the Limoncello Flute dessert which was a great way to top off the entire meal.  DH kept smiling as he ate every bit of his homemade Tiramisu.  VinciTorio's will definitely become part of our life!!
5	We decided this year to go out for dinner on Christmas Eve rather than cook at home. I made a reservation for this place on a whim after my neighbor told me about it. Thought it was worth a shot as it's tough to find good Italian food out here in AZ. This place blew me away. First the ambiance is awesome. Wouldn't have expected it from a strip mall restaurant. Started off with the calamari for an appetizer.  Freakin amazing. Then ordered the veal parmigiana and was quite possibly the best piece of meat I have ever eaten. So tender that you didn't need a knife to cut it. Melts in your mouth. I'm excited to try the other menu items. We will be regulars for sure.
4	This is a surprisingly pleasant space in a strip mall. They offer nice wines and servers are typically adept at offering a suggestion if you need one. They occasionally have some great specials on wine from Italy. I've been there a number of times and the service in the dining room is always great, very welcoming almost like you are at your Italian Grandma/Great Aunt's house. I will caution that on the patio, you can feel a bit neglected. I went for takeout lunch today. I ordered pasta bolognese and a salad for a total of $23.00! When I told the gal I thought there was a mistake, she just shrugged and said, "I didn't take this order." And that was apparently that. The sad part is that the dish was extremely bland. Even adding some noticeably absent cheese couldn't save the experience. I don't recommend this dish, I guess in retrospect it being served with spaghetti isn't very traditional/authentic to the region.If you go, the eggplant parm is fantastic. The bread they serve is a hit with my 11 year old. I normally don't go for cream of mushroom soup but this is a solid starter choice there. I would encourage people to try it. Pizza is pretty good as well.I like the live music that is often being played at night. I've been there with a guitar player/singer who seemed talented. Although my boyfriend HATES it, I think the wandering accordion player is a charming touch. Based on my trouble today, I wish 3 1/2 were an option. I feel like 4 might be round up and I tend to round down. I will go there again, which I guess says something.
5	Been enjoying this place for years and they never disappoint! Thank Mario and Ginger for making a true neighborhood restaurant to enjoy with family and friends.
5	We have a business networking group that meets here.  Have been coming here every other week for over a year and the food quality is consistently good.  The staff is consistently professional, and the owners Ginger and Mario are welcoming like we were dining in their own home.  I love "mom and pop" places.
4	Very generous portions and Winesday is a must (half off ALL bottles)!  My wife had the eggplant parm and I had a delicious cheese steak hoagie.  This will be our local Italian joint!
