5	Wonderful neighborhood Italian restaurant. It's been at the same location for 25 years, and is a good, solid family-type restaurant (though mercifully, there are never any screaming babies) where the focus is food and personal service. It appeals to an older crowd (okay, so no screaming grandchildren), but if you're looking for an intimate dining experience, a place where you can meet some friends or have a quiet dinner for two (or one), La Fontanella can't be beat. Every month in the Arcadia News and in some of the Scottsdale papers, La Font. publishes a coupon. No, it's not just for the blue-hairs, and I have yet to see a Cadillarc in the parking lot, but for $47 (with the coupon), you can order an outstanding dinner for two AND a bottle of wine. Don't expect Chateau Cos d'Estournel '89, but you'll have a choice of a decent red or white. I was there a couple of weeks ago and the "coupon" red was Castello di Volpia, 2003, Borgiani Chianti. Okay, so it's never been featured in Wine Spectator, but it's still a respectable Chianti.  Service is friendly but not overly intrusive, and there are no annoying, strolling accordion players or violinists to ruin dinner with a sappy, table-side rendition of Santa Lucia. Ahhhhh.....
5	I can't believe this place has only been reviewed once! Crazy! This place is so friggin out of this world. I don't crave Italian food but this place is so good I think about it all the time. I had the best escrgot I have ever had in my life. They offer a gluten free pasta option. The red sauce is great. The wine selection is good. The service is on point. I will return time and time again and I don't even have to have a special occasion.
2	I was headed to TeePee, but at the last moment had a change of heart. I decided to go for a new Italian place, and this small restaurant caught my eye. Very small dining room, with nice tables positioned so you can sit close to your date. I had the prosciutto and melon, which came served as a single slice of Cantaloupe sitting on a bed of prosciutto. It was OK, but I was not a fan of the presentation. For my entree I had the Veal Parm, and it was sub-par. It felt like a chicken fried steak. The wine selection was nice, but not anything noteworthy. I noticed three servers, only one of which actually fielding questions, the other two in charge of bread and busing only. I would have preferred a darker, more intimate atmosphere, but it was not bad. The bill for two came to approx $80. I don't think I'll be back, there are too many spots to check out before this place deserves a second visit. Nice if this is your neighborhood Italian spot for a mid-week meal.
2	Extremely disappointed in this place... I brought my sister and a friend who were both in town from New York. Our waiter was full of inappropriate comments, starting with calling our male friend "Hugh" and asking if he was looking for a third girl now that Kendra had left. He later told my sister she looked like Caroline Kennedy, which is NOT a compliment. (Smart woman, very nice, but definitely not a looker. Kennedy, not my sister.) I appreciate friendly, cheerful service, but not ill-thought conversation.We started our meals with salads. The house dressing has a distinctive fishy taste, despite being told there were no anchovies in it. There were wilted pieces of lettuce on my plate, and the walnuts were not chopped making it difficult to pick up with a fork at the same time as any of the wilted lettuce.My entree was equally as disappointing. I ordered the lasagna, generally a safe choice on a maiden voyage at an Italian restaurant. Unfortunately, this time that was not the case. There were at least a dozen layers of lasagna noodles, making the dish very pasty. Between the layers there was barely any sauce, no discernable meat and zero cheese. I ate barely a quarter of it, yet now, three hours later, I still feel like there is a brick sitting in my stomach.My sister ordered the veal parm, despite my story of being stared at by an adorable baby cow on the back of a dairy truck for ten miles in traffic one day. She soon regretted her choice as much as I regretted my lasagna. Mushy and bland, she also barely ate half her dish - and only a forkful of the greasy side dish of pasta served with it.Our friend ordered a shrimp and pasta dish, which he found adequate. He was please that the shrimp were as large as they were and that there were a lot of them, but he still didn't feel the dish wowed him enough to pay $25 for it.I finished with a dessert of a ricotta-based cheesecake with lemon curd topping. This too was adequate, as long as the filling and topping was eaten after being scraped off the mushy, bitter bottom layer (one could barely call it a crust).We finished our meal at 8 PM on a Sunday night, and we were the only patrons in the establishment. That in itself told us a lot.I know this place has been open since the '80s, but I'm not sure how. We won't be returning again.
5	After reading the reviews on this site, I was a little leery about trying this restaurant.  However, my friend had a gift certificate for $50 and was looking forward to  having a nice Italian meal.  We had a 6:30 reservation and was promptly greeted and seated.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable and was patient in answering our questions about the various menu items.  For starters we had the artichoke hearts stuffed with seafood drizzled with a Vodka sauce (mmm Yummy!) Just the right amount of garlic but not so much to overpower the delicate seafood mixture.We decided to skip the salad and went straight for our entrees:  P had the seafood creps (again, in a Vodka sauce with pistachios.)  I opted for the halibut.  The halibut presentation looked like a Picasso artwork and the halibut steak was the lightest and flakiest I have ever had in my life. Sauteed in seasoned olive oil and italian bread crumbs with three circles on the side of the plate consisting of pureed green pepper drizzled with red pepper sauce. ( Isabella, owner and chef , cheerfully shared her recipe with me but I don't think it would ever come close to how she prepared this awesome fish) She told us that she purchases most of her produce from local growers as well as her meat.  She is a proponent of the "Slow Food Movement" and understands the importance of supporting local growers and businesses.For dessert we shared  freshly made 3 cheese cake with mix of fresh berries - it was light and oh so delicious. The homemade Tirmasu -light with perfect layers of sponge cake soaked in coffee liqueur combined with sweet whipped cream, mascarpone cheese, coffee, cinnamon and cocoa powder was also divineThe wine list was small but original (not your typical run of the mill or popular California wines) and the cappuccino was excellent.Service was not too slow nor rushed.  The menu also has a couple of gluten free dishesThe only slight negative was the bus person who seemed to have an ongoing tiff with our waiter.  This was more amusing than anything else.  Most of the tables are rather close together which is probably not conducive to a confidential conversation. A couple of the tables at the entrance seemed a little more private.  However,  we met  some very nice and interesting fellow diners which made our dining experience even more special.Isabella occasionally makes homemade cookies and instead of mints with our bill we got to sample her chocolate almond cookies that she had made fresh that afternoon. I am sorry that some of the Yelpers had a bad experience here in the past because the experience we had was totally opposite  Perhaps Isabella read their reviews and decided to make some changes???)Anyway, we defintiely will be back to try some of their other tempting dishes and to chat with Isabella again.  Ciao!
5	It's about time that I write a review for La Fontanella given that I've become a regular.  And I live in New York City.  That an Italian restaurant nearly across the country would not only win over my stomach but my heart is a major deal given that I come from the world of great Italian cuisine.  That all being said, La Fontanella continues to exceed my expectations and win over everyone that I bring with me to eat their food.  I feel like an insider at this point given that I've eaten there so often that I ended up having my wedding reception there.  But given that the owners are so present and charming in the place day in and day out, you'll feel like a regular on your very first visit.I've seen the other negative reviews on here and I have to tell you that if you are looking for a run-of-the-mill, inexpensive red-sauce joint, this is not the place for you.  La Fontanella is for gourmands and romantics who are serious about quality ingredients and dishes prepared with a heavy measure of love.  Everything (and I mean every last thing) from pasta to sauces to dessert is made in house, and special dishes are focused on fresh, seasonal ingredients.  Case in point - we begged for the artichokes in August that we enjoyed in March, but the owner wouldn't dare serve them to us out of season.  Not because she wanted to deny us our request, but that she only wanted to serve us the best of the best.Cutting to the chase, on my first visit we decided to take a tour of the menu and see what would blow us away.  We started with stuffed mushrooms (luscious and savory), artichokes braised in olive oil (garlicky goodness) and the popular suppli (addictive fried rice balls stuffed with oozy mozzarella, served over homemade bolognese).  The appetizers were rich enough to almost make a meal, but we charged forth nonetheless.  We ordered the Seabass Adriatico (hands-down my favorite - moist flaky filet topped with a toothsome dressing of tomatoes and basil), Pork Loin with Fig Compote, simply grilled lamb chops (great with a squeeze of lemon), and Pescatore Diabolo, a fiery assortment of seafood and crushed red pepper over a tangle of fettucine.  Stuffed and happy, we couldn't eat another bite...and yet, we managed dessert - homemade gelato and zuppa inglese.  A night to remember, we lumbered to the car knowing that we had found a new favorite.On subsequent visits, we found other new favorites, like the sinfully rich Gnocchi with Prosciutto and Peas (aka the night where my friend Dave asked for thirds on the homemade bread and dipping oil) and the homemade grilled sausage skewers (aka the night where my husband asked if I could go back into the kitchen and beg to learn the recipe).  If you are in the neighborhood and are looking for a treat of the most authentically Italian kind, this is the way to go.  From the romantic, candlelit interior, jovial (and often talkative) servers, to the detail placed on quality ingredients, La Fontanella is memorable and instantly lovable.  It is absolutely no surprise that this place has been around since the 80s, and I'm only sad that I hadn't found it sooner!PS. Know that the place tends to close early - the rush is usually at around 5pm and by 8pm the place is quieting down.  Good to know if you want to beat the throngs (or why it's emptier later at night!)
4	Wonderful Fresh Italian Menu--we enjoyed two great Veal dishes in a living room kind of atmosphere.  Excellent Service, though the whole experience was Overpriced even with a 15% early-bird discount.
3	This is a pretty good place. My wife has been going to this place for years, and knows the owners and waiters quite well. Its her favorite place in AZ thus far. The food has always been consistent as well as the service. Some of the waiters have been there as long as the place has been opened. Once you have been there a few times, and they get to know you it turns out to be a fun place to go.
4	Recommended by "Steve the Realtor, from Scottsdale", La Fontanella was a pleasant dining experience on our first night in Phoenix. My Veal Toronados with Porchini Mushroom Sauce over a bed of fresh spinach was tender and flavorful -- quite devine. My husband thoroughly enoyed his Veal Ossobucco with baked polenta, claiming it one of the best he has eaten. Our Server, Roy, was friendly and provided excellent service. Our only complaint was the Busser seemed to be a bit off his game -- maybe a bad day? It may have spoiled the perfect dining experience, but not enough to keep us from going back next time we are in town. Thanks, Steve the Realtor from Scottsdale.
5	La Fontanella scored huge points in my book today.  First any restaurant that has  been in business for 27 years HAS to be doing something right and they did everything right for us.  The hospitality was unmatched. The food sensational and fresh.  We had appetizers, entrees, wine and dessert.  Although I wasn't a huge fan of the bolognese on my pasta side, it was a minor part of an overall amazing meal.
5	If you are into "americanized" italian food, with the garlic rolls and the overdressed salad, just stay at home.  This place is the real deal when it comes to Italian food.My wife and I had gone to Phoenix to do a project around arizona.  A bulk of the work was in the phoenix area, and one of the owners of the firm had been given a gift certificate to La Fontenella.  They gave it to us saying they rarely get down that way (which really wasn't that far at all) and were we glad.The Ossobucco is brilliant, as well as the Lamb alla greca.  We were so happy that we kept going back and trying new menu items.This authentic restaurant tucked into a non-descript strip mall was one of the best Italian restaurants I have even been too in this entire country.If you are ever in Phoenix, take the time to hit this place up.
3	We went here a little while back and I am finally getting around to writting a review. To start with this place attracts an older crowd for sure...the average age in the place had to be at least 55. That doesn't matter to me, usually the old folk find great food at great prices. The weren't too far off at this place as everything was tasty, but for the price, i expect a little better quality of food, service and ambiance.  To start with we had a bottle of the house red wine which was good, but not spectacular and an order of calamari which was just average. Then the bread and salads came out which were delicious. My anticipation for good Italian food was on the rise but then the entrees showed up. I had the Pescatore Fra Diavolom whiche was over spiced and the seafood wasn't the freshest but the really piled it on. My special lady had the fettuccini which was almost too heavy to eat. We skipped desert as we had eaten too much already.All in all it was a pleasant dinning experience, but there are better Italian restauraunts in the area. I might give it another shot to try the veal however.
5	On a night where we were just gonna heat up a frozen CPK pizza, and on a whimb, my girl and I decided to hit up La Fontanella instead. I had driven by this place many times and wanted to check it out in hopes of finding a little family owned Italian restaurant.We could've gone to a multitude of other places that would've been "new" to us both, but I'm so glad we stopped in here. Although, it has been described as a place where you might get dressed up to go to, I found it to be very cozy and casual. It's a converted house with a comfy feeling inside from the color tones to the actual curtains on the windows. We felt right at home.Looking over the wine list and hearing the specials from the server, we decided on a Malbec because we, well, we both flippin' love Malbecs. Plus, it seemed it would compliment our dishes. My girl got the chicken piccata, which she very much enjoyed, while I got the chicken paillard. Usually, my test for any Italian restaurant is their lasagna but I was in the mood for something different and they totally hit a home run with what I ordered. The thinly pounded chicken breasts tossed about with olive oil, pesto, sun dried tomatoes, olives and capers was beyond flavorful. Everything complimented each other so well, and then....my girlfriend drizzled some of her white wine/lemon/butter sauce onto my plate and JESUS CHRIST!!! it was so insane!! So we just sorta combined our two dishes and proceeded to mow through our meals, barely making sure we saved enough room for dessert.We easily could've ordered 3 or 4 of the dessert offerings without the slightest argument from each other but prudently, we settled on one to share, the cannoloni. Not too much to say about this. It was good, except for the almond slivers on one end of it. Oddly enough, they tasted a bit fishy. Whatever, all in all it was still a nice way to finish our meal and the rest of our wine.So before I wrap this up, I have to mention the one thing that impressed me the most, the reason for the 5th star. Right in the center of the dining area, they had merged a couple tables together for a larger group of 6 or so. When all their meals were ready, the server brought out the plates except for one. A gentleman at the head of the table ordered the dover sole and that particular dish was brought out by the chef. Right beside the table, the chef meticulously took the fish apart, delicately removed all the bones in one piece, reassembled the meal and then served it up. This, my friends, may be a common occurence for some of you but I had never seen it and I thought it was a very classy touch.I've already told a handful of friends and coworkers about La Fontanella and the fact that I can't wait to return so I can sample some of their other dishes and especially the other desserts. MMMMMMMM...
5	This is my favorite Italian restaurant!  Before I moved to Phoenix I just had to come here for dinner every time I visited the area.  The food is always fresh, delicate, and house made.  You will not be disappointed with the quality of this restaurant.  If you are, you know there is something wrong with you.
5	I have been going to La Fontanella for almost 10 years and it never disappoints!! I love the atmosphere--it's always cozy and comfortable and the staff is always very friendly and attentive.  Next time you want to splurge on some decadent homemade pasta this is the place to go.  I can't help getting the butternut squash ravioli everytime-- it is absolutely delicious!!  I have never had anything that I didn't like here.  La Fontanella definitely has the best italian in the city-- FIVE STARS!!
4	I first wen to this place with coworkers and it is crazy because I have lived down the street from this place for years!  I love Italian food and I cannot believe that I had never tried it!  I have always been a Pasta Brioni fan, but this place is just as good!  They have a great wine selection and the bread they bring you before the meal...OMG!!  It is fabulous!  Dont fill up on it too much because then you will miss out on your food!  The mussels are Fantastic...there is a little bit to them but that is what makes them so delicious!  You get to dip the bread in the sauce...and it takes it to a whole other level!  YUM YUM YUM!!  I got the pasta with the vodka sauce and the shrimp!  The sauce was creamy and smooth...I literaly licked my bowl because their sauce was so good!  The reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because the service was slow and the wait staff got several orders wrong and it took a while for our food!  I am a very patient person and I was shocked at how long the food took, but the food was so good that I had to keep it at 4 stars!  They could have been having a hard night because the restaurant was packed!  The food is most important anyway...give this place a try...it is not a large restaurant and it is a nice place for a date!
4	La Fontanella is NOT your average Italian Restaurant the food is better. Much of the menu is Tuscan or Sicilian with many house made pastas, Dishes and are seasoned surprising well with many being braised or roasted and service is very professional in a crisp very clean dining rooms that look almost like someones home.The foods we tried so far have been resort quality at nearly strip mall prices.We were impressed with our last visit here so we made our second visit.We started with the upgraded fresh salad's are upgraded when you add Gorgonzola and walnuts ($2) they were extremely crisp and piled high on the plate so high that salad spilled off the plate as you ate it. The bread they give you is good and you are given their signature herb ed olive oil.I had the special Chilean Sea Bass with spaghetti and both were cooked to perfection. The Fish was so perfect and light and the spaghetti was also a perfect al dente. This dish was set in a VERY WELL thought out stock that was perfect ,not salty, not oily, not buttery but laced with perfect flavors. Fresh chopped tomatoes and onion topped this dish.My husband had the Ossobuco (Veal Shank) that was served with a fresh rice blend. We were too full to have the really great house made gelato but had it last time. Desserts are all house made.They put out a coupon about every other week for an approx $45.00 dinner for two special that includes a bottle of wine (that is a cash only special) You should clip out the coupon from the Thursday AZ Republic even if you want other dishes they are somewhat flexible with the coupon and you can save a large amount of money.I have told people I know about this place after our first visit and it is a favorite dining destination of theirs and they go back again and again also with friends.As a slight update,on a return visit I had the chicken pollard and honestly would not have given 4 stars for this meal since it only is chicken with a dusting of dry sun dried tomatoes a few caper and a sliced olive around the plate. My dinner didn't come with a side or vegetable and left me underwhelmed. I will leave the rating at 4 stars since the other times I've been here it was 4 stars good and I would return but I'd never try the chicken pollard again.
4	I really liked this restaurant.  The people, the ambiance and the food.  Upon entering, I was greeted in a friendly way by a woman who seemed to be an owner.  She was also hugging and joking with others who were repeat visitors.  As the night went on, i realized that many people there were repeaters, a good sign.The wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable, if not a little inattentive, but that could have been me as I was there by myself, so it may have just seemed that way.I had the chicken (something), I can't remember.. it was like a picatta but slightly different (see photo). It was very good, could have used a bit of risotto on the side, maybe some pasta.  I wore jeans, but next time would step it up a notch, maybe wear a sport coat.  Not because I'd have to, it just felt like that.So I'd go back next time I'm in the area.
4	Very pleased with my experience at La Fontanella. This unassuming restaraunt was suggested by a friend, and was indeed a great pick. The food is excellent. My BF had the Osso Buco special which was so delicious he picked at the bone to the point of looking like a caveman. I had the chicken piccata, and a side of spaghetti bolognese. Both of the sauces were amazing. My only criticism would be that I would enjoy more artichokes, but I'm crazy for artichokes so I can always use more. The chicken was pounded thinly, tender, and almost melted in my mouth. The bolognese tasted like it had been lovingly simmered all day and just waited for me on the stove. Delicious. They start you off with crusty Italian bread and herbed olive oil- which disappeared quickly. The service was professional, prompt, and attentive without being overwhelming. The ambiance is nice, but we still felt comfortable with my BF in shorts. Will definately be heading back to try more.
5	I was here last night for dinner and it was amazing!! All the smells of Italy and of exceptional quality are evident when you first walk inside the small dinning room.  It gave me a happy feeling, and I knew the food and service would be awesome, and it was! I got dressed up, but nothing too fancy. It was exciting to get dressed for dinner. It's not somewhere that heats up of frozen food, so no flip-flops and shorts allowed, lol.The seafood is out of this world delicious! My Salmon with sea scallops were amazing, my date got the Wahoo fish and was blown away!! Everything was cooked to perfection, even the dessert and cappucinno were delicious. PERFECT!! Love this spot, and I will dress up to go there anytime.
4	I went here with a party of 6 on Saturday night.  Our table was ready and waiting when we got there which was nice.  It is an older place with tons of charm.  The place was pretty busy and you could tell that the waiters/servers/busers were clearly over worked.After sitting for about 10 minutes we had to flag someone down to get bread and place our appetizer order.  After that we only saw our waiter every 20 minutes or so so it was difficult to order additional items or to get soda refills.The service was pretty blah but the food was excellent.  Everything I tried was top notch.  Everything was freshly made and delicious  Probably some of the best Italian cuisine around.  Definitely some of the best gnocchi I've ever had.I would definitely return but hope the service is better.
2	I went there with my girlfriend on Friday night and had a pretty underwhelming experience. To start with, service was far too leisurely. Our server disappeared for ten minutes between every interaction right up until the final twenty minute wait to get our bill. The decor and vibe was a little uptight and there was no music. The lack of music and the half-filled restaurant set the stage for periods of awkward silence that made me yearn for the cool vibrant atmosphere of a Houston's. Here are the dishes we ordered with a small commentary and star ranking.Grilled Artichoke - Swimming in oil and just tasted of grilled olive oil *Veal Osso Buco - The veal is not bad but it was served with bland rice pilaf **Lamb Shank - Not bad; tender braised lamb and onions on some bland spaghetti***Spaghetti Bolognese - The spaghetti was cooked perfectly and the sauce tasted good but the pool of oil on the bottom of the plate made for an unappetizing finish. ***Escargot - They tasted fine but they just seemed old-fashioned. They tasted just like the garlic butter escargot I had on a cruise ship in 1988. **
5	this is perhaps the best italian food in Az. We have been going there for about 10 yrs and always recommend this place to all our clients. Best food, which is all homemade best service. This place never disappoints us. We recommend this place to our  clients and the feedback is thank you for the best food experience we have had.
4	I can't believe I waited so long to try this awesome place!!!
2	Tried this restaurant this past Friday for the first time.  Fodor's called it the best restaurant in Phoenix, etc etc.  Someone told me they had a coupon for  two entrees, two salads or soup and a bottle of wine for $44. Sounds fair, right?  We were served two pieces of bread (one for each of us) with oil infused oil.  The one I make at home is better.  Not enough herbs to really flavor it.  We asked for more bread and they didn't seem happy.  Two pieces of bread again.  Never saw that before, counting the heads at the table and then matching the bread pieces. Most restaurant give you a chunk of bread and that's that. The salads were small, fresh but nothing special (what do you want for a coupon???)  The entree choices for the coupon were either pastas or chicken dishes everything is excluded unless you want to pay more.(what do you want with a coupon???) No side dishes come with it. You have pay extra.  (What do you want with a coupon?) I ordered chicken a la berto. Which had fontanelle cheese, spinach, and pancetta.  It was just ok. nothing special.  I didn't bring my magnifying glass to find the pieces of pancetta. (what do you want with a coupon???)  My husband hated his.  I tasted it. Flavorless.  It was chicken something. The word Oggi was in it  and his attraction to the dish was that it had sun dried tomatoes.  I think they took one sun dried tomato, cut it in half and then took that half and cut that half into minuscule pieces and spread it around the plate. As I said before, I didn't have my magnifying glass with me to let him see what mini- sun dried tomatoes look like.. My poor hubby, no sun dried tomatoes for you! (What do you want with a coupon?)  We ordered a side dish, for which we paid extra, of rigatoni with marinara sauce. Rigatoni was cooked al dente perfectly and the sauce was good.  But not better than the one I make at home from scratch from fresh tomatoes.  Don't you guys expect restaurant food to be better than your own?  I do. And finally, the bottle of wine. Not the best and a little vinegary.  (what do you want with a coupon?) I guess everyone knows the conclusion to this review.  If Fodor's called La Fontanella the best restaurant in Phoenix, then Phoenix is a very small town with very few italian restaurants.  I, for one, will not be going back with or without a coupon.By the way, I have eaten at Bel Fiore's, an unpretentious, no white table clothed restaurant on Cave Creek and the food is one thousand times better.  And I don't need a coupon to eat there.
4	I really liked the family owned feel of this place. The staff was friendly and attentive and the pasta was amazing. Our waiter had no problem taking a special order and the price was VERY AFFORDABLE. I WILL BE BACK .
3	I went here Wednesday night to celebrate my birthday with my mom. I had been here before, I went here with my whole family about 5-6 years ago, and, though the food was good, we were a bit upset that they charged us per slice of cake we cut from a cake that we brought....pretty not cool. Anyway, I don't know if they do that anymore, but it was really not cool. So back to the present, the restaurant is very cute and our table faced some bay windows that was pretty nice. Our waiter was a bit snippy at first, for example, my mom asked for bread while we were deciding what we wanted and he said 'I'll bring bread AFTER you order'...how weird is that? It's not like we set this whole fake birthday dinner (with reservations) to smuggle some free bread....Anyway, we ordered and he brought some bread that was warm and tasty, with a crunchy crust and a soft middle. We started with a salad that was fresh and light. I ordered the gnocchi in the cream sauce and my mom ordered the chicken marsala and we split. They were both delicious! The gnocchi was light and the sauce was flavorful, but it was extremely rich...had to take half home. The chicken marsala had a wonderful sauce...you could really taste the wine in there. My one problem with it is that everything is a la carte, so no pasta or anything to eat with the chicken. Despite that, it was tasty, so I can forgive that I suppose. They brought out a slice of cake for me at the end...not sure what is was...it was almost like a tiramisu but with a rum flavor and white chocolate chips on top....it was really tasty, but I wish they would have brought the dessert tray around so I could have chosen....however, they did give us the cake for free so I really can't complain. Final word: I would come back here for the delicious food, but don't expect awesome service. PS one of the waiters reeked of smoke, like so much you could taste it when he walked by....that's not so cool. If people want to smoke, that's their prerogative and I don't care, but maybe smoke in the open air so the smell doesn't stick as much....just a thought.
1	Don't use coupon!  You ate looked down upon and treated poorly. Waiters are not pleasant, choices are spaghetti dishes and chicken dishes without spaghetti! Food was tasty, however, not worth the abusive attitudes. Will not return.
5	I am thankful to the hotel clerk that recommended this restaurant.  I was in Phoenix for one night and this place made the trip more than worth it.  All I can say is that the food was amazing.  The wine was amazing.  The servers were great.  As full as we were, we HAD to try the deserts.  I can't remember another place I've been to in the US that made me feel like I was dining in Europe again.  I had a deliciously prepared filet and I don't remember what my date had.  But all I can remember is that we were both extremely satisfied with our meal.  I don't have one bad thing to say about this place.  It most certainly makes me remember why I don't frequent Olive Garden for my Italian food.
2	skip this place. there are much better Italian restaurants in phoenix. pros:(1) the food tasted OK (as good as Olive Garden)cons:(1) the decor was extremely outdated...it felt like a retirement home(2) way too much "mozzarella" cheese on my entree (3) it felt like my food was not freshly prepared...perhaps it had been under a heat lamp for a while.
3	Checked out this place, despite a few bad reviews; the wife and I were looking for a nearby place that served gnocchi, and this place won on atmosphere vs. Giuseppe's down the street.We had a great waiter; absolutely no complaints, there. He was fast, courteous, and despite the white table cloth fine-dining backdrop didn't act like he was too good for us or whatever it is other reviewers have griped about. Also liked his accent, heh.The gnocchi was okay. We got the gnocchi al forno, asking to have the white sauce replaced with alfredo sauce. Well, not sure if their alfredo sauce just has no cheese or if they just ignored my request, but it was much more like a white sauce than alfredo. In fact, it was kind of like a pot pie sauce and reminiscent of pot pie all-around as it had snow peas. It certainly wasn't horrible, but I've had and made better. Also had some dessert, which the waiter claimed was made in-house from fresh ingredients. Not that I don't believe him; the gelato I had seemed to pass snuff but the stuff around it (probably cool whip, and some kind of artificially flavored fruity plate glaze) was below my standards.Anyway, the atmosphere is really the reason to come to this place. Very laid back fine-dining in a space that's not too little like Giuseppe's and not too big like all the chain-type Italian places where you feel the staff could give a damn about your existence. Czech it out!
2	OK Quick tip food service industry. If you are a smoker and bringing me my food, it is not only appreciated, but absolutely necessary that you defunk after your smoke sucking out back by the grease trap. I get it, brining me my bread is stressful, and you need your nicotine while you bitch to your coworker how I am only drinking water. However this literally makes me sick and sets an overall bad town for the entire meal. Not only that... But this place is 30 years old... They hired servers once and they have all been working there since.   Not that they were not kind, or attentive. Those parts were there, just a very old school approach. As far as the food goes, nothing was that impressive either. We ordered the antipasto for two which was a selection of cured pork, olives, peppers, a caprese etc. The tomatoes tasted like they got them out of the dumpster at Wendy's and the meat was sliced a bit to think for the fat content. On to the entrees, I got a red sauce, seafood dish, the diablo I believe, which was supposed to be spicy, it's spice factor was on par with Taco Bell's medium sauce. Also, they didn't clean the shrimp. I understand in the cafes of Paris (Say it like par-ee) they will serve head on shrimp that are fantastic, however 40th street and Indian School is a far way off from the Mediterranean. Also the calamari was excessively chewy, the muscles and clams were small and dry. However the fettucini was cooked very well and was actually pretty tasty. The dish was honestly Fazoli's quality on a good day. My Fiancee got the chicken piccata and while I thought it was not to bad, she said she has had better in the middle seat of a Delta flight from New York. The waiters presentation of the aged desert platter was tempting, however after our shitty food, we were over it. Stay classy Arcadia.
5	Great food in a very homey location. Set up as a cute local family style place, we tested it with my well behaved 3year old grandson. Most of the other diners were our age and enjoyed the young enthusiastic Italian eater. The staff went out of their way to show him a good time. As for the food, excellent homemade pasta with a very delicious sauce. Meatballs were light and tasty, ravioli were homemade ade delicious. I had the veal parm which was great. If you are in town for a meeting, give it a try
5	Okay, I will start out by saying that I just picked this place out because it was near a bar we were going to afterward.  Boy Howdy, am I glad I found this little gem!  Upon entering I was overwhelmed with the idea that we were in an Italian friend's grandma's circa 1980's dining room.  It was quaint.  It was old school.  It kinda made me a little nervous!The general feel of the waiter we had was extremely laid back.  Traditional Italian dude who was a little tardy in checking back, etc.  Our water glass was NEVER refilled.  Got a little more nervous.They brought out really good looking bread and poured some herbed olive oil out for me (I declined because I have celiac disease and can't have regular bread.).  My husband said the bread and the olive oil was amazing.  I had called ahead and they said they had many gluten free options.I ordered the Chicken al Berto.  My husband ordered veal and a side of spaghetti with meat sauce.  We started with a Tomato Caprese appetizer.  The tomato was slightly under ripe but the mozza and basil made up for it...and in the center was a bunch of roasted red peppers which totally made the dish!  Nom nom nom.  The balsamic was excellent as well.  I must now do peppers with my Caprese!Then our entrees came out.  My chicken had fontina cheese, pancetta and spinach.  There was a little line of mushrooms in a marsala sauce which I'm not sure if it was supposed to be there or not.  I'm super happy it was!  This is close to if not the BEST chicken dish I've eaten.  The chicken was moist which is usually questionable in Italian restaurants I've found.  The quality of the Fontina cheese was impeccable.  The pancetta was crisp and plentiful.  Then I tasted the mushrooms!!!! OMG!!  Freaking amazing!  I may have to try the Chicken Marsala sometime just to have more mushrooms!  Divine.  It took a while to eat, mainly due to the waiter's "chill" attitude but we shall go back again and again and again.  I don't care if you don't get anything included with your main entree.  The portion of entrees were HUGE.  My husband loved both his veal dish and said the meat sauce was one of the best he's had.  Fresh, fresh, fresh.It's on my new list of first priority restaurants.  And I think the prices were pretty good.  Less than $15 for my chicken, $20 for the veal and $10 for the Caprese.  I'm so there next week!Oh, and put your phone on vibrate.  They kind of insist!  And that's okay too!
4	The ambiance here is great. You feel like you are at someone's home. The service was really good.Onto the food.I just want to say OMG! I started off with fresh bread and XV olive oil with herbs and fresh grated Parmesan.Then I had their escargot was great.Then I made my way into one of their specials. Veal Osobocco on a bed of brown and wild rice. This was incredible. It was perfectly cooked and fork tender - in one word.... Melt-in-your-rmouth-amazing! Then finished with their Panna Cotta.
5	Been looking for a good Italian restaurant and finally found one.  My wife and I went here for dinner on Sunday night.  Everything we had was excellent.  I recommend you come by and try it out.  I will be back for more.  Best Italian in town. The owner has been there for 30 years and does all the cooking.
1	Worst Italian food ever. Rude waiter. Decore very lame. Room full because of coupon customers. I don't know where other reviewers have gone but don't listen to them! Stay away.
1	I don't know where to start.  There were 3 of us for dinner Friday 3/8/13.  We arrived timely for our reservation, after requesting drinks, the waiter announced that he had "never heard of  that"; having tomato juice on the side of a martini.  Ok, moving on, Carl asked for blue cheese dressing, and our curmudgeon waiter's response was "are you crazy, you are in an italian restaurant, not french" ?  How do you, as a customer, process this?  Next, the food came, salad, with the house dressing, awful and sweet, the mussels not fresh and the baked clams were good, however, complete with a piece of rock salt in the dish.  Off to a really bad start.  One special ordered piece of fish (frozen at best) and the shrimp scampi-greasy on a bed of fetuccini alfredo, and chicken piccata-looked like it was removed from the Delta business class kitchen, and tasted the same.  I must say, it would be hard to find a worse meal in Phx, anywhere for that matter, and this is one of the only times in my life that I left a 10% tip based on really rude service.  We almost left after the cocktail debacle, but foolishly stayed for the rest of the abuse to follow.  This place is way past its prime.
5	By far the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy.  If you eat there earlier they give you 15% off the total bill and it fills up really quick.  I would say you need reservations if you want to eat anytime after 6.
5	Probably the best Italian food I have had so far the in the valley. Our waiter was very friendly as well. This is more of a spot to bring your significant other then a group full of kids.
3	I've still yet to find really good Italian food in AZ. I was excited to try La Fontanella because it has good reviews and it has been around so long. That being said, my girlfriend and I were highly disappointed in the food. I got the chicken parmesan which was average at best and a side of the fettuccine alfredo (yes, I know, it isn't a real italian dish), but the alfredo was similar to what you get in a TV dinner. My girlfriend had the Seafood Alla Vodka, which again, was average at best. The grilled artichoke tasted good because it was drowned in butter, but was really only half an artichoke. The best part about my meal, at least for the value, was the free bread, which was actually good.Now, the service was GREAT. I believe our waiter's name was Roy. He was awesome. Great service, great personality, great conversation. He made it enjoyable, which is why I gave this place a 3 star. He was quite possibly the best waiter I've had. Probably won't go back. Expensive for what we thought was average to below average food.
5	I'd heard about La Fontanella over the years and finally stopped in for a bite.  It was the best Italian food I've had in Phoenix!! The service was outstanding and our waiter, Eric, was enthusiastic and made my date and I feel right at home.  The dishes offered reminded me of food I grew up with. The pasta was perfect, fish was superb and bread and olive oil stopped my heart. I will return to try everything on the menu! Thanks, Eric, for making my first experience one to remember.
5	This was my first time and it surely will not be my last.   The food and service were excellent.  I had fettucine with pomodoro sauce and Fettucine with alfredo sauce. The two pasta dishes were excellent.  The flavor and the texture of the pasta was extraordinary.  I was informed that their pastas are homemade.  I also had the chicken marsala.  Again, this was very good and the flavor was exceptional. Furthermore, I had a sampling of the chicken picata, which was very good (I enjoyed it as much as the chicken marsala).  For dessert, I had the cannoli. The best cannoli I have ever had.  The cannoli was also homemade at the restaurant.  I very much enjoyed my meal and experience.  The service was great and the atmosphere (music and decor)was very nice. I would recommend this establishment to anyone.  I cannot wait to go back and try their other main course meals.
3	This was my third time to La Fontanella.   Unfortunately, the 'third time was not the charm'.   My previous two visits were great.   This particular visit was very disappointing.  Our server was not very friendly and seemed unattentive.   First of all, the server forgot our salads with our order.  Secondly, I ordered the Chicken Cacciatore but had inquired about substituting the spaghetti with fettucine but was told they could not do that because the dish is made with spaghetti.  Well when I got my cacciatore I noticed that the spaghetti was partially covered with the cacciatore sauce indicating to me that the pasta was not made with the cacciatore.  I asked the server to explain why I could not have had fettucine with the cacciatore in the first place and he said that in fact I could have substituted the pasta.  I explained to him that he had told me I could not substitute the pasta.  He denied saying that.  My wife and daughter were with me and they heard him originally say that I could not substitute the pasta.  I do not know what happened with the communciation but in any case I would have appreciated an apology for the mis-communication.  I got nothing.  The server was not very friendly and seemed to not care at all. This was very disappointing.  As I left the premises, I consulted with the owner, Berto, who was very nice and listened to my complaint about my displeasture with the service.  In most cases, I would probably never go back to a place that treated me like this.   But the owner was very nice and polite and there are two other servers there that are very professional and very good at their job.   Their names are Dave (he has been there 9 years) and Eric (he has been there around 4 years).  If you go to La Fontanella, I would recommend these two servers, only, and only them. This place went from 5 stars to 3 stars for me only because of the poor service I had on this occasion. The food is very good at this place.  In my opinion, it is one of the best Italian restaurants in the valley.  But, no matter how good the food, if the servcie is bad, the whole dining experience will be bad. That was the situation this night.  Again, if you plan to dine here, take the time and ask for the specific servers I recommended.
4	Friday night in Arcadia and plenty to do. The Little Woody across the street for pre-gaming.A craft beer bar next door to La Fontanella with a patio overlooking Camelback at sunset. And finally, La Fontanella.Appetizers. The prosciutto and melon paired with Ruffino Ducale should have been illegal.A nice antipasto and some escargot, followed by a ten-inch canoli that had me rethinking my sexuality.And a waiter who made me feel like I was home at mamas once again, prompting a Sunday visit to the graveyard. (eeew, I know)I don't remember much except it was all older people, no kids, and the bill was one and a half Franklins.The snails were heavenly despite my contempt for them, this after spending Saturdays at grandma's house, ridding her garden of the little fuckers after grandpa died. Slimy fucks, but they were good with the garlic, pesto, and fontina crust. Being drunk helped too.Nice experience.
5	Amazing wine and food. I would only really recommend it for special occasions as it is a bit pricey and requires decent attire. I usually order Gnocchi as an appetizer instead of a meal and split it with the table because it melts in your mouth and everyone always enjoys it. The seafood dishes have never disappointed me!
4	the gf and I came to eat here a couple of days ago and loved it. The entrees were excellent as well as the escargot appetizer. Service (Eric?) was great as well. The only thing that was average was their fried calamari.
1	This place has the worst service. Don't expect your server to be pleasant at all. They look like they just hate serving people and that it's a bother. They seem to forget that it's our money that's keeping them employed. I requested another round of bread and that was almost 30 minutes ago. Our glasses are always empty, no one has checked on us and our entree is still MIA after almost an hour. We've been here over an hour and our water has been refreshed once without asking for it. We weren't advised of the specials. I think our bread is burning in the oven, still no sign of it and I've seen several tables receive bread already. Don't ever come to this place I know I will never come back to this place ever again and definitely will make sure that this is not on the list of restaurants that we recommend.
3	I've been here several times now and my conclusion is La Fontanella is very HIT and Miss. In some ways La Fontanella is above average. They offer good service with crisp linens. The salads and the soups are usually good. The bread and seasoned oil is good. Some dinners like the Osso Bucos, the rabbit and usually the specials they do well. The house made gelato is also always good.On the other hand not that Chicken Pollard isn't  the greatest dish anywhere but that dish here is one I will never get again because it was just almost naked plain pounded dry chicken breast on a plate. After I had that dish I am afraid to order chicken again here. I have had the vegetable lasagna here before and it was good but the recent one I had was not the same. The sauce was very watery and oily and didn't taste right to me. I asked my husband to taste it and he said it didn't taste right to him either. Someone else at our table had the polenta bolognese lasagna and her's also didn't taste right. I think it just was a bad night for the sauce because both lasagnas had watery oily sauces that didn't taste good. On the other hand the two people who had Pork Osso Buco and the Rabbit dish really enjoyed their meals.Hit and Miss.
5	This place is the best! It is very traditional inside, like a family home. It is family run and you can taste it! Food is excellent, really excellent. I had the gnocchi, a salad, and tiramisu. All delicious, savory, buttery, the kind of food you think about later. Personal service. We went here on a date night and it was great from the wine at the beginning to the dessert and coffee at the end. You really want to spread out your meal and enjoy.
5	Best Italian in Phoenix. The pepper steak is just like grandma used to make. Best diablo sauce i've ever had outside of Italy, but very spicy. Service is not the best so dont go in a hurry.
4	Been twice. This is our favorite Italian place. We always secure reservations, and this place actually calls you back to confirm if you've left a message during off hours.We are always seated promptly. The servers have been here for, literally, decades. They treat us like family. Very attentive and professional, and often fun, as well. They make good recommendations if you aren't sure of something. We are usually a large group, but all of us are served promptly and wine kept flowing.They accommodate celiacs. Gluten free pasta and sauces are tasty...cannot tell the difference. Our food has always been delicious and generously portioned. Excellent appetizers and desserts. Salad not special, but otherwise standard. Wonderful bread and oil for the table. Be sure to relax with dessert, coffee and Sambhar or port wine.It is a memorable experience. Old school. Highly recommend!
4	This places Chicken Alfredo  is THE BOMB!!! I have never had HomeMade Fresh pasta before!!
4	We LOVED La Fontanella and were so sad to hear they had closed. A neighborhood gem that has been around for years and years. Bummer!
