4	I usually don't care for hooters but this place has everything done right. The food is good and the women are hot. They have live music and they will be showing UFC fights here for free, you only have to order every hour. For this place i wilI be a loyal customer.
1	5 Stars for the food, and restaurant. I agree, servers are attractive BUT 1 star for the service and experience. We've been there twice with different servers and BOTH times, we waited at least 30 mins for our food and some how our food ended up at another table and we waited a long time for the food even after their F-up and all they could comp us was a tiny cup of cheese for our fries, WTF? I swear, we are really nice people and GREAT tippers for an exchange of great service, so WTF females with Hooters on their chests, WTF?!?!We like the food & beer there so we overlooked the bad service the first time and returned again for the second time. This is the only Hooters place near our place, we were so excited about not having to drive all the way to the strip, which is the only other Hooters in town, but we were very disappointed about the service. I LOVE the wings and wings go so well with beer but I will NOT being returning to this location, at least for awhile.They have a Live band perform on certain days which makes this place unique to me.Also, the bar area is SEMI-enclosed, meaning, that there are people smoking in the bar area (even though in Las Vegas, smoking indoors in places that serve food, other than in a casino, is not allowed) so the rest of the restaurant smells like smoke. Again, food is yummy, restaurant is nice, service was POOP. I hope to give this place more stars in the future when they feel like making it up to me, but for now, POOPY service.
4	I have been to a few Hooters locations and this one is unique in that the girls are attractive, and it's a good dining experience. I have been to this location mostly for college football and just concluded basketball season,  and have been thoroughly impressed by the teamwork.  I'm always able to find immediate seating and promptly greeted by waitresses that aren't even assigned to my table.  The drinks are always filled and the food is always prompt and made to order.  It's obvious that this location is well managed as everyone chips in, as I've even witnessed managers bussing tables, running food, always available to accommodate whatever game or channel you'd like to watch.  I will keep coming back and inviting more friends to share in a great ball game, good food, and great service.
3	Went to Hooters to watch the Celtics win! :) Our waitress was pretty good but nothing great in terms of service and overall attitude. The beer was cold but they don't serve beer in bottles?!?! They only serve bottled beer in the aluminum "bottles" which definitely keeps me from going back.
1	We will not be back to this location!We love hooters and were very excited when we learned of the opening of this spring valley location.  Went soon after they opened and were very disappointed in everything.  Wrote to corporate, they sent gift cards.  The GM called us and apologized and invited us to come back in. We took him up on his offer and gave them another try.  When we got there we introduced ourselves to the GM and he made sure all was taken care of.  Everything was great!  Went back again another time, did not introduce ourselves and once again bad food and service.  Every fathers day we go to hooters so we went to spring valley again to give them one more shot.  BIG MISTAKE!  They were not busy at all.  No one greeted us.  We picked out a table and sat down.  Waitress came over, very nice, and took our order.  I sent the margarita back, it was horrible, nothing but sweet and sour mix.  Food was not as bad as the previous times but no where near as good as the time the GM took care of us.  As we were waiting for our check and to go boxes we watched our waitress go outside, get in a car, make out with some guy!  Finally another waitress came over and said she would help us.  I saw no manager on the floor during the entire time we were there.  I guess you can only get good food or good service when the GM knows you are coming!
1	like all the other Hooter's i've been too.. the food was just as expected. the SERVICE is another story though..I visited later in the night with my brother and another friend.. the place wasn't packed at all - only two other parties in the room.  - the waitress lagged on the water refills - charged us for something that SHE forgot - never stopped be the  table to see if we needed anything i love hooters, but i'm afraid the only thing that will keep me from this location is the SERVICE.
1	Love Hooters.  HATE this Hooters.I was all geared up to watch the World Cup finals here with my girl.  We both miss our Hooters in Chicago.  We were really up for it.The problem is, this Hooters wasn't up for it. The service was HORRIBLE.The wings were HORRIBLE and so un-Hooters-like.Whoever was shucking the oysters needs to GO BACK TO OYSTER-SHUCKING-SCHOOL...or leave the restaurant industry all together and work on the BP oil spill clean up.Lastly, I've been to Hooters all across the country.  And, it's pathetic when Vegas has the worst looking girls of all.Step it up.
5	We go to this Hooters for Midnight Snacks and I've never been disappointed. Eat at the bar if Paul is workin'. Great guy and keeps you well watered. The tots are awesome and the fried dill pickles are very tasty.  They do the wings Daytona style if you ask, That's where they flat grill them when they come out of the fryer for a moment.  Gives then a extra crunch.
3	I stopped into Hooters for our usual Friday lunch today, with plans to just split some appetizers and have a beer, since none of us were very hungry. The hostess was quick to greet us, and allowed us to pick where we wanted to sit, so we grabbed a table near the bar. Once we looked over the menus we realized that splitting appetizers wasn't going to work, so we ordered a thing of fried pickles to share and picked out some drinks. Two people in my group ordered beers, myself and the other person with us went with the strawberry lemonade. Little did we know that this comes with or without vodka, and both drinks have the same name... So when large plastic cups of strawberry lemonade without vodka came out we were confused. Thankfully our waitress was quick to offer us new drinks and she let us sip on the virgin versions while we waited. I decided to order the 10 piece boneless wings, medium heat (which was a mistake looking back, medium means none apparently). I didn't like that carrots, celery, even fries were an additional charge so I didn't bother with anything other then the wings. I don't need an attractive waitress wearing short shorts to bring me my food in order for me to enjoy it. I just need the food to be good. And it was decent... Nothing to write home about. I think I would have enjoyed my meal a lot more if I had gotten hot wings instead... That said, I know some people DO go to Hooters for the eyecandy. Our waitress was attractive, and friendly...  she was just a little slow. Not sure if that was her fault, or the result of a slow bartender/kitchen staff. I'll probably end up back at Hooters sooner or later but I am not in a big rush to do so.
2	This is a late night review.... we rolled in around 11pm and the good news is that they serve food 24 hours... the bad news is our waitress appeared to hate her job....  It was pretty disappointing as I have been to many hooters in my day...   their wings are amazing.... 10, breaded all drums mild with bleu cheese... usually works out awesome....     the food was great, the service ruined it... maybe if you go during normal day time hours you will have better luck!
3	I was in town for someone's birthday, and she wanted to go to Hooters.  So, I said, "Chicken wings?  Why not?"The hostess, though visibly taken aback by the request for seating for 15 people, was glad to accommodate us and enlisted some of her orange-shorted compatriots to move tables together.The service was fantastic.  Our waitresses were always around, always filling our drink orders, and always getting us whatever we needed.  Our food came out quickly, and our main waitress showed no negative signs of having to deal with such a large party.I ordered the Wingsday platter--10 boneless chicken wings, french fries, and a choice of ranch or blue cheese dressing.  My specifications were hot wings, sub tots for the fries, and ranch.  Unfortunately, my wings were not hot, and I was ready to sweat that night!  The tater tots were bland and made me regret not getting the fries.  On the plus side, there was plenty of ranch dressing, more than I wanted.Though the food was just all right, the time spent with family and friends and the friendly waitstaff made this a good experience.
4	For some reason, I've never been a big Hooters fan. I just never thought their wings were all that great. Yeah I know. Wings are probably not the reason people go to Hooters.Anyway, my cousins wanted to eat at a Hooters last weekend and this one happens to be the closest to their house. It is also the newest location and by virtue, the nicest. Coincidentally, the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl was going on at the same time. I'm happy to say that Hooters fought our hunger quite well that night.I went with their Chicken Cobb Salad ($8.95). It's a great portion and filled me up. Granted, it's not the healthiest salad in the world with all that breaded and fried chicken and all that bacon. But then again, I'm not the healthiest eater in the world either. Bottom line: it was delicious.I guess no Hooters review would be complete without mentioning the girls. Yes they were hot and distracting. But I have to give it up to the one who greeted us upon entry (I didn't get her name). When we came in, all of the screens were showing the bowl game. My cousin wanted to watch the rest of the Laker game. She stood there for what seemed like ten minutes trying to find the channel. Little customer service things like that make a huge difference in my opinion. For that simple reason, I give them a solid four stars.
2	Thursday is amateur open mic comedy night. Not sure if this is a new promotion or they've been doing it for a while but that was the thing that made my group of buddies want to go.The comedy is open mic and preformed by amateur locals. The host is a drag queen who is just hilarious and isnt afraid to offend or pick on some of the average joes attending. The rest of the local comedians can range from 'please pass the mic' to 'omg did he just say that?' Definitely not for the faint of heart or for the easily offended. Starts at 10 ends at 12The food was a bit disappointing. We all split an order of 50 wings in Spicy Garlic and Mild flavors. After about 45 minutes the host announced the comedy night special which offered 10 wings for 5 dollars any flavor. Kinda pissed our bartender didnt mention that nor did she mention any of the drink specials. We all could have saved some cash ordering less and been a lot happier with flavors we individually wanted.The Spicy Garlic was neither spicy nor was it very garlicy it did have a pleasing flavor but nothing you would lable 'spicy' or 'garlic'The mild didnt have sauce of any kind, Bartender explained that it's just deep fried wings tossed in butter. She offered to take it back to the kitchen to throw some medium sauce on it so we let her, when they came back semi tossed in sauce nostrils flared from the hot sauce/vinegar fumes. The bark was obviously worse then the bite. The medium had no bite. The sauce was so mild i didnt think it was any improvement from mild at all. In the future if i were to come back and order wings i'd request them to be naked and unbreaded. The breading is pretty thick and i cant remember tasting very much chicken at all.Getting to the point. Hooters is the go to place for sports, beers, wings, and eyecandy in lots of other cities but in Las Vegas there's just so many other places that do the job better.
3	Had a grilled chicken salad. Chicken was over cooked and very dry. I asked for honey mustard and got ranch. The girls seemed to be rushed with little time for good service.  Not sure I'll return.
4	If you're ever in the mood for some wings 3am in the morning and want to avoid the strip or crowded Hooters Hotel, this is  the place to chill and have a very late night wings wit friends.  Fortunately I live in the southwest side of Vegas, so this location isn't really far from where I live.This late at night you just walk in and seat yourself. There are no waitresses on shift this late at night so for the drunk pervs, sorry but you might have to get your booty shorts fix somewhere else.  The bar area is the best place to if you want to be attended to right away since its the bartender basically doing everything this late.  If you decide to sit at one of the tables, you might find yourself constantly getting up just to waive him down for simple things such as refills.Wings here we're still the same price though so don't be fooled and think its 25 cents per wings past midnight like the one in Hooters Hotel.
1	My husband and I finally got to our friendly neighbor Hooters...it's so close but we just kept driving by, I wish we would've kept on driving.We have both been to Hooters at other locations and always felt the food was good "bar food". We will never go back to this one. I have to say I've gotten wings to go from this location before and they were fine, maybe wings is all they can do well here.Just a note the waitress was lucky if she could name one beer they had that night, she had to go back and forth to the bar twice, how hard is it to remember a dozen beer names??Started with the fried pickles...they were okay. I got the crab legs and Lots a Tots...crab legs were meh but the melted butter they served with them was like vegetable oil and the tots were over fried and the cheese and bacon on top tasted bad, like someone put their cigarette out in  them, luckily the waitress took the tots off the bill. My hubby got the Buffalo chicken sandwich (Hot), it looked really good, but upon first bite it reminded me of a school chicken sandwich, then I tasted the hot tasteless sauce, it was just heat and yuck on a bun. At least the drinks were good.
4	An odd place to celebrate my birthday but I'm odd to begin with haha came here around 10:30pm. Also note this was my first time coming here.AMBIANCE:Wasn't crowded and the bar was practically empty. I noticed two cooks in the kitchen. Pretty quiet on a Thursday night if you ask me.FOOD:We decided to completely pigout and ordered 50pcs of wings half breaded and half naked, and mozzarella sticks. Cheesecake for desert. I also had their vodka and lemonade as well.The wings($34.95) were pretty solid. Tasted really good and were spicy enough for me to handle. My boyfriend and I couldn't defeat all those wings though had to take some home instead.The mozzarella sticks($6.95) were disappointing. I believe they were still cold on the inside because when I took a bite there wasn't any yummy gooey cheese stretching itself out! Boooo! But still tasty.The Vodka lemonade was strong and not watered down which was good!The cheesecake($3.99/slice) was surprisingly good! The caramel and nuts that came with it made it even better.SERVICE:Service was 50/50, there were two girls. The first girl who I believe her name was Chantel was friendly, smiling and attentive. She made sure to check back on us, either that or she was watching us if we could take on the 50pcs of wings lol. The other girl who I didn't get a name was cold and she seemed bored and ready to go home.If you want wings this is a good place. Though I don't think I'd be getting anything else here.
3	Usually we love to come to Hooters for their wings (10 hot and 10 Daytona Beach, breaded, all drummettes with a side of ranch) . This time was no different. The food was tasty, the beer was cold, the monkeys made all the hooters girls come and say hi (Tip for all the men out there...bring an adorable child and the girls will flock to your table) and the manager was awesome (he was making sure all was well in the restaurant and he seemed to genuinely care about how we were doing....very nice touch). The only drawback was our server. She seemed bothered to even be there. We didn't make any special requests, my monkeys were more quiet than most of the adults and we were trying to be friendly but to no avail. Like I said before...you can't win them all. We will be back because we are suckers for the wings.
4	I've not been there during the day but since am a night owl, I'll post it for the night shift. Around midnight  the place slows down a bit, but then the real night owls show up n the place is popping till sunrise. Yes the bartender makes a difference and Paul the graveyard guy makes the bar the spot to be at after dark. Full menu also is a plus.
2	Round 2...So a bunch of guys dragged me to Hooters after watching a night of UFC. I really didn't plan on eating anything, so a drink would be safe. I ended up eating a few bites. It was a mistake, gave me a bellyache. 2 of the other guys had stomach issues also.Well we got mild (are very mild) boneless wings, they were okay, a little greasy.And deep fried pickles, also okay, need to be crispier but tasty...their pickles, how bad can they be. The extra charge for blue cheese and ranch is lame. I should've ran across the street to Albertsons and bought a bottle for about the same price.Our waitress did a good job but the guys agreed the eyecandy in this location is wasn't worth the heartburn, and 2 of them went outside to hit on girls that weren't Hooters waitresses.The drinks were good so I'd probably just go back for that, eh who am I kidding, I'll  give it one more chance? or will I??
3	What can I really say about Hooters that everyone does not already know? I do however like the fact that it's a 24-hour establishment. On the rare occasion that I am craving late night junk food....Hooters fits the bill. The bartender working grave the other night, not sure of his name, gave great service. Im all about the service baby!!!Wings....decent, definately not worth the price, but Hooters is always a great spot to watch the game with da boyzzzz
3	Open 24/7 at this Spring Valley location which is not far from my house! Woo Hoo!Everything was good for this first visit at approximately 3am.What we ordered:fried pickles-yummy!bacon cheeseburger w/onion rings, burger was big and moist -yummy!club sandwich- yummy!grilled chicken sandwich-yummy!curly fries- will skip those next time, dry and flavorless.The service was good as well.I have to say I was a bit surprised, the food was better than I had imagined it would be. Hats off to the cook, just past 3am the food was cooked really well!
4	What a great spot for bar food, more so for guys though.  I don't think I need to explain why.  The buffalo popcorn shrimp is unbelievably good.  The only problem with the shrimp is the portion size.  You want to keep ordering them, no matter how many you eat it's just not enough.
4	This is my spot! I love it even though there aren't any chicks on the graveyard shift when I finish at work. In all honesty Hooters Girls are just annoying unless you're a horny old man looking for female companionship but too cheap to pay for a hooker. This is a kick ass gaming bar and the bar staff is awesome!
4	This Hooters location has redeemed themselves via Cheyenne! She's an amazing bartender that really pays you the attention that any person in the industry should give you.We sat at the bar, so I guess that's the key to having the service that you want, or any service at all. The food is still pretty much the same.I found it a bit refreshing that one of the managers contacted me, it's been awhile... I don't know, maybe I'm spoiled (thanks to Yelp LOL) but she didn't even offer me anything to even "try" and forget the horrific experiences we had in the past, oh well. Again, thanks Cheyenne, you're amazing :)
3	No, we didn't get chicken wings for dinner, which is what they're normally big on besides the hot chicks. We opted for a sandwich and a hot dog instead.I guess it was alright. I was more excited about their free wi-fi than anything .. oh and my blackened mahi sandwich. We also ordered the fried pickles, only because the menu had a warning saying it would be addicting. Really, it wasn't. It was lightly battered and served with thousand island which made it more sour. Probably would've been better with ranch? Maybe, but def not with the thousand island. Like I said the mahi was good--it was moist and very decent in size and was only 9 bucks. My bf got the big dog combo with a side of curly fries. I must say, these curly fries were "naked." I'm used to eating seasoned curly fries so I wasn't a fan of these. The cheese sauce we dipped it in was also real salty. As far as the hot dog goes, the guy said "everything is real salty" but the portion was pretty big. The prices are reasonable as well, we only paid 24 bucks including tip.Service was good, the waitress was real friendly. The place is pretty small and not only were there good looking chicks, but also a lot of good looking dudes. Definitely a good place to hang out with the friends, watch sports, and drink.
3	I had a hankering for some wings last night and didn't want to drive too far from home, so the hubby and I stopped by Hooters. We went there once when they first opened and didn't go again because it was a bad experience all around. We figured to give them another try because we figured they would have fixed all the kinks by now... and they did :)We sat ourselves and didn't have to wait long until the waitress showed up and took our drink order. She was smiley and very pretty that even I crushed on her a little bit! We ordered the fried pickles to start and 20 piece chicken wings. Everything came out in good time. The fried pickles are definitely addicting! The wings were cooked and flavored just as I like 'em.All in all, it was a pleasant experience. I would go back again for sure!
3	Ordered the hottest wings and they were not very hot.  OK food at best.  Service was good.
3	Hooters is always a cool place to enjoy some cheap brews and football games (during the season of course), but this location wasn't too exciting. I usually attend the Hooters at the Tropicana hotel or at Sunset Station casino but I was leaving church off the strip and ready to catch the NFL season openers of football.A few friends and I decided to go to this Hooters location for some food and football. As soon as we arrived and walked into the resturaunt the host advised that Directv was down all over Vegas and they're only showing local tv games. Huge upset for NFL fanatics such as ourselves. Since we made the drive thus far we decided to stay. The waitress was very friendly and funny. Grabbed our drink orders as soon as we sat down and quickly brought them out but then again we were the only 4 customers.Food was ok. I ordered steak nachos and was expecting carne asada or actual steak on my nachos but that's what I get for assuming. The portion of nachos was great. Huge plate, mounted with nachos. My nachos were kinda good but mostly upsetting. The steak was like steak umms (TM) sandwich meat, the cheese was obviously from a can and was just heated up instead of being shredded or fresh cheese, and there was more jalapenos than steak, chips, and cheese. My friends had steak quesadillas that were delicious and I wish I would've ordered those instead.Overall the location is kinda in the middle of nowhere and the food isn't all that its hyped up to be. And the fact the host told us that Directv was down all over Vegas, even casinos, and nobody was able to watch the games was a complete lie. I have Directv at home and had friends a casinos who was able to view all games. Not really knocking this location but me personally, I'll never spend my money at this Hooters ever again.
1	I was craving chicken wings one day after work. Conveniently there was a Hooter's nearby & I remembered my cousin saying how he loved it there. So of course, I'm intrigued to try it out.As my family & I walked in, I realized he probably loved it because of all the hot girls working in there.  A very gorgeous hostess greeted us & told us to seat ourselves. She was very welcoming & seemed nice.So after we found a place to sit, (which wasn't hard because it wasn't that busy in there), a waitress came to take our order but she was not as friendly as the hostess was. Attractive but snotty. I felt like she was annoyed w/ us or something. Maybe because my son couldn't figure out what he wanted to drink, but it's no excuse for her attitude. We were nice & smiling at her but she just did not reciprocate. I felt like she was rushing us or something. It was Sunday night football so I asked her if there was any kind of drink specials or anything & she was so quick to say no & shake her head. I was like whoa! Sorry I asked. Too bad I was just a hungry lady instead of a horny ol' man, maybe she would have given us better service. It's not like I'm a bad tipper. Sometimes, if I really like the service, I'll even give more than 20% but that's beside the point. I'm not asking to rub my back or anything, just showing a little patience when children or anyone ordering would be nice.I went on & ordered the wings. Then she said real quickly in a not so friendly tone, that if I ordered the boneless it was cheaper but I went ahead & ordered the regular hot wings. We all felt unwelcome so we ended up taking the food to go. At least we can be relaxed at home & eat at a comfy & friendly environment. The food was not that great. I know chicken wings are oily regardless, but it was just soaked in oil. It's breaded chicken wings, soaking in oil w/ a very bland flavor. No crispiness whatsoever. The ranch dressing was ok. The curly fries were stale. Cheese sauce was the normal commercial cheese sauce. The drinks were normal fountain drinks. With so many other food options around town, I don't know what I was thinking to go to Hooter's. I'm not going back. I love chicken, but these went in the garbage can.
5	$10 buckets of beer and delicious wings! All u can eat for $12.99 every Sunday...they also give away authentic NFL jerseys for Monday night football. The patio is a breath of fresh air in a town where most bars are dark and dreary. What a fun place with great fun people to hang out with!
3	Food & service was good. I had ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. I had mild sauce, provolone cheese & the potato salad was good. Over our waitress was excellent. She was very polite & attentive.
4	Great place to grab wings on a Tuesday. They have a 10 wing or 20 wing bogo spiecal on Tuesday buy 10 or 20 wings get 10 or 20 wings free.
4	I have NEVER been to a Hooters before!! And yes I have heard how awesome the wings are and all but i just HAD to have a swiss mushroom burger... lol! The burger was HUGE and sooooo tasty! Our waiter was great and didnt flirt with my husband as the other did,... I was very happy with my experience! :)
5	11/15/11We love chicken wings and Hooters atmosphere, but have been pretty disappointed since the Spring Valley location opened. Service was terrible and wings just okay.BUT ALL THAT HAS CHANGED! Not sure if they have new management in, but the service has really stepped up, the wings are always hot and arrive quickly, and the waitresses are not just pretty faces anymore....they actually know how to serve and provide a smiling face to customers.Go see Holly! She just relocated from the Hooters Casino and was fun, sassy, spunky, quick with our drinks and our food and a pleasure to be around. Wanna try something new? Order wings tossed in 911 first, then coated in lemon pepper. Yummy. Best ordered naked to get all the flavor out of it. Sooooo goood.
5	As long as you keep Shannon and Tara behind the bar... I will come here for my cheat meals.
1	The food is aweful, the service stinks and really the overall atmosphere blows. Hooters was cool 20 years ago, but they should switch it up with a complete overhaul
5	A red-blooded American male does NOT go to Hooters to dine; he goes there to STARE.Butt, all joking aside (did I just misspell the word "but?"  I must have been distracted; forgive me...), the food really is terrific, and the "babes" are just awesome.Whenever one of their lovely servers approaches my table and purrs, "What would you like to drink?" I can't help but respond with, "Milk..."My advice is that no man should go there, ALONE.  Take a buddy with you, so you will have someone to witness you making a total jackass of yourself, based on your "high school hormones."
3	Ya.  It's Hooters.  Cleaner than most.  Often slightly better than McDonalds.  Loaded Tater Tots are made to go with beer.  Ya... umm...  definitely a fan of the service staff.  I mean... that's the point, right?
4	I came in for lunch since I was going to visit clients close by and was suprised how decent the food was. They had the wing special that day but I opted for the grlled fish sandwich with side of cole slaw. The fish was larger then the bun and was quite tasty especially with the yummy tarter sauce.  The Slaw was decent too. My waitress Latrice was friendly and provided solid service. This Hooters also has gaming, is super clean and is open 24/7.
4	We go to Hooters for the food (yeah, i know people who read Playboy for the articles) no seriously, the wings and food is really good. This restaurant is a little ways away from Henderson but we will stop by when we are in the area. I go for the bonless, hot, bleu cheese. (check out the wingsday specal) The service is usually on par with the best of them. i secretly believe when you are approched by your Hooters girl "hi i am wendy, i will be your hooters girl" she is well on her way to a mba in marketing or business administration. i judge service in a restaurant by my drinks. when they get or stay empty it has a serious effect on the tip. (i tip for service.) their service has always been above average. they have a full bar, wi-fi (for those of you who refuse to keep you phone in your pocket) and pepsi products.
3	A decent meal, cold beer and plenty of TV if you are inclined to watch sports on a Saturday afternoon.  Oh and yes they have hooters but really I go there for the wings...
1	I came here to hear a band I had been wanting to see. The music was great, but I can't overlook the beyond terrible service.Our first round of beer was served in 16 oz plastic cups. For some reason, after this our waitress brought our next round in 12 oz plastic cups. We were ready to have a good time that night and so we requested our drinks be brought in the larger pint size. She shrugged and said she couldn't do that, the smaller plastic cups were all she had. I was okay with that, until I saw her bring the table next to us some beers in 16 oz pint glasses (not plastic!). We then requested the same glass as they had, but she then told us her manager wouldn't let her use glass because they had to wash them - it's a restaurant and bar, OF COURSE there will be dishes to wash! After this, we ordered several more rounds, all brought in 12 oz plastic cups while I watched her bring 16 oz glasses to several tables around us. I honestly have no idea why this occurred, but it made me pretty annoyed. The food was okay - very fried and greasy but exactly what I would expect from a Hooters.When the bill came, we were charged a full pint on every 12 oz drink we had (I know, because it clearly said "PINT - STELLA" and whatnot on each line of the receipt). We brought this up to the waitress, who acknowledged they weren't pints, shrugged, and said she couldn't do anything about it and we had to pay full price for each drink. This was one of the only times in my life I have left a tip under 15%, but I couldn't reward that woman's dismissive and rude behavior.
3	So we haven't been to a hooters in probably 5+ years.  Apparently you are some sort of zoo animal if you aren't familiar with the inner workings of their menu.  We ordered wings and nachos.  The girl asked us if we wanted the wings breaded or not....ummmm, I don't remember there being choices.  I just remember thinking hooters had pretty decent wings.  Now what?!? We asked the server her opinion...she said, "I thought you said you had been here before."  Then, she recommended the naked/unbreaded variety.  We decided to wise up and try both.  We ordered them medium and she warned us that their medium was very mild, so we ordered them hot.  Oh my! That was difficult.  Well, we concluded that the breaded version is far superior to the naked version and the "hot" is indeed not spicy so I'm sure the medium is ultra mild.  Whoa! Did you follow all that? Should wings be this complicated?  Their wings are almost covered in a buttery sauce....very different than other buffalo wings.  They were A-OK but not one of my top picks for wings.  The nachos were MEH.  This location is nice because they have a big indoor/outdoor patio.  We ended up spending around $30 for 2 sodas, wings and nachos.  A bit steep.
2	Ok so I've been to a couple locations, and by far, this has the worst wings, I don't think I'll be coming back...I've realized that hooters isn't consistent with their sauces, I guess every location makes their own sauces, I always order hot, sometimes naked, sometimes breaded...regardless i always get hot. This hot sauce had no flavor, it's so bland that I thought they didn't sauce my wings and I ordered extra for dipping...it was just no good. The chicken itself tasted weird...and I'm a wing lover so I know what chicken wing meat taste like when it's old, it tasted old and dirty like it hadn't been rinsed before frying...it was pretty bad. Service is cool though...the best location in the Vegas area is in sunset station in Henderson, it worth the drive...plus they have 20 wings and a pitcher for 20 bucks!!!
4	First Hooters experience. Sure were a lot of boobs around the building, but sorry girls, your sets do not compare one of the girls in my party of 3. :)All boobs aside, since I was a first timer, my girlfriends gave me a brief crash course of the menu and some recommendations. We started off with fried pickles for appetizers and 20 piece boneless chicken. Not knowing what kind of seasoning we want for our chicken, our Hooters girl was chill enough to allow us to do half and half on certain flavors to explore around. She recommended the Honey Thai seasoning and we chose the Cajun to seal the deal.Our fried pickles came out, fresh out of the fryer, and we dove right in. Too bad they only gave out one dinky cup of dipping sauce, which completely ran out halfway into our appetizer. They charge extra for extra sauce (oh come on, really?), but we still went ahead and requested some more. Our boneless chicken finally came and I like how each flavors were served in separate plates. The Cajun was spicy, yet tolerable, and indeed SALTY! I suppose that's how Cajun seasoning is supposed to be, but it was alright. The Honey Thai, recommended by our Hooters girl, was probably my favorite. It's sweet, with a hint of spiciness. I would like it if the spiciness was kicked up another notch, but our Cajun wings already covered that department, so it was all good. They were also a bit salty.Overall, it was a nice and SALTY experience. I think I chugged down 3 cups of water throughout the meal. Our Hooters girl was also nice enough to split our check three ways. She definitely got a nice tip from all of us.I want to give it 3.5, but had to round up because of the accommodating staff and clean atmosphere.Warning for those at risk for high blood pressure, this is where sodium dwells.
2	The chicken wings were not as great as what I expected, I've had way better wings at the local pub, and boneless wings are more like chicken nuggets, the buffalo sauce did not have any kick to it at all, it was mostly butter. If you are craving good wings, go somewhere else, but if your looking for eye candy, you've come to the right place. Overall experience, my tummy was fed, service ok, a bit pricy, am I coming back? Probably not.
3	It second time going too this Hooters and really not that big on Hooters. Had my old roommate in town and looking place for lunch with rest of my hockey family get together some beers conversations food. I think the whole catch Hooters not that fun anymore. Really the food ok nothing special just your normal bar food. I admit somewhat of fan of the chicken wings. I got the boneless chicken wings this time with the cajun seasonings. The seasonings was ok but hindsight should have stuck with tradition hot, medium, or mild sauce. The chicken itself was friend nice crispy on the outside and chicken nice moist on the inside. I had burgers there before there ok. Really think the food is ok overall.
3	breaded or naked wings, both delicious.  service was a little off maybe because we were sitting in the back of the bar section so we had to ask the bartender for a waitress.other than that.  HOOOOTERS ;)
2	Went Sat afternoon to watch ND/UM game.Took a booth in the restaurant and watched servers walk by our table for 10 min without acknowledging our presence.  Was getting ready to leave and my wife really wanted wings and a beer, so we went to the bar.Took another couple minutes to get the bartender's attention but she apologized and took our order.  Food was a bit slow, but ok.Price was average.  I know this is a franchise, but mgmt needs to get figure out the service and be more consistent.  We don't come very often because of the service.
3	Only reason to come would be for the games, boobs, and beer. The food is bleeeehhhh
1	Food was average at best. The service was awful and the girls were not that pretty. I expected more from a hooters in Las Vegas.
5	Went  to Hooters , apparently it was a UFC fight night. Place was very busy but got treated like VIP. We had 10 in our party and everything  was great! Ive been back a few times since.  And will keep going back.
2	If you're coming to watch a UFC fight get there before 4pm so you're not charged the cover. Otherwise if you come anytime after 6pm you will be charged $5 unless it's a free showing on FX.Ask for your check early on these days as it will take awhile. Last time I was there it took about 20 minutes to get the check & another 10 to get it back. Every visit I've had the service is slower than it should be, but because of the fight I realize this. My recommendation is to sit at the bar. You can get full service of food & drink just as you could in a booth. The bartenders are on top of their game at this location, where as the servers not so much.The food is average, nothing to write home about, but this location has a great view
5	Once again! I helped host a club meeting here! 40+ people. Had friends in Vegas for SEMA . Some were from as far a Sweden! Place was great!  Great job once again on such a big group! Thanks for always being so good! We come here once every other week!  So it must be good! Thanks again!
4	Friendly staff ond the food is ok. I had the new daytona wings and they were GREAT!
4	This was a much nicer looking Hooters than the now closed one at Sunset Station. The restaurant appeared clean and well kept. Our waitress was friendly and attentive enough. Usually at these type of places waitress will ignore you to chat up the guys for a bigger tip and ignore the tables with females...it wasn't the case here. We had their signature wings in a cajun and mild sauce. The wings were great, especially along with a pitcher of beer. :) I would return here based on the service and food.
5	We frequent this restaurant regularly.  The food is always great and the staff is friendly and attentive. The manager, Kim, runs a great shop and is always around to check on customers.  Lots of specials and events.  I recommend the Samurai Wings.  Enjoy!
5	Paul the bar manager is awesome!!! Lemon Pepper wings are amazing and the Hooter girls on a Friday night are blonde and really cute. My girl friend & I will definitely be back again & again :)
2	My husband works near here so I met him for lunch today.  It was either this or Grimaldi's.  For the price, should have chosen Grimaldi's.  Anyway, I've been to Hooters before and used to love it for the cheap grilled cheese on the menu and inexpensive beer.  Hadn't been for a while and they took the grilled cheese with tomato off the menu.  Sad times.  I asked for it and the woman said that grilled cheese was only on the kids menu now and not available for adults.  I asked her if I could just have a plain grilled cheese for the "adult" price.  When I got it, it was a normal grilled cheese with a children's portion of fries.  The receipt showed a "ham and cheese sandwich" meal, which was the same price as my husband's burger.  Seriously?  This is their solution to grilled cheese not being on the menu anymore?  I should not have been charged the same price as a burger meal for a grilled cheese and children's portion of french fries.  I would have brought this up but my husband had to get back to work, so I let it go.  Will not go back.
4	This is a franchise Hooters owned by a local couple, so if you choose this Hooters you are supporting locals.  Like.  The staff is much more down-to-earth than most Hooters, and there are males as well as females.  Management always stops by to check on your level of happiness. My favorite detail is that the room is split in half by a partial wall, with smoking/video poker on one side and non-smoking, no gaming on the other--there's also a patio.  It's always good when everyone can get the environment they seek. As for us  vegetarians, we're stuck with fries, fried pickles (YUM!!) and salad.  I would love to see a veggie burger or Gardien Buffalo Sandwich on the menu someday.
3	Buy wings get double for free on Tuesday!i remember going to a hooters for the first time. a time in my life when the mere glance at boobage brought me to my seat... well cus you know a young guy with a boner isnt socially acceptable.wings and girls in revealing shorts and shirts. what young college guy wouldnt want to go.its been years since ive been and have to say the wings are smaller but still have a lot of breading on them.they were ok.had one of their craft beers. i forgot the name but it had apricot in it. was good. surprisingly light.there are other better places for wings, but those places dont have as nearly as many boobages.
3	Something has drastically changes with Hooter wings. Not sure what happen. They just do not seem the same quality. But the price has not changed.
1	I wanted to order a salad to go one afternoon, I was close to this location, and I thought, "why not, I've enjoyed the salad at hooters before." I felt like ordering the Fried Chicken salad, but I wanted a little kick to it, so I was going to ask to make my chicken spicy. Other locations have done this for me before so I didn't think it was going to be an issue. When I called to place my order, I asked for the Fried chicken salad, and stated that I wanted my chicken tossed in buffalo sauce. The girl on the phone told me that I couldn't do that, but that they have a buffalo chicken salad. I specified that I didn't want the ingredients in the buffalo salad, and preferred the fried chicken salad but with my chicken spicy. Again I was told that I couldn't do that. So I resolved to order the fried chicken salad but with the chicken normal. Ok whatever.Note to hooters: when your guest asks for something that can be done, do it. Its a way to get repeat business. Not to mention when I tried to call again to place a to go order, no one answered the phone. Twice. I mean really?My vote: Skip it. Or at least try another location where they pretend to actually care for the needs of the customer.
3	I love hooters wings and the buffalo shrimp. the dipping sauces are a little watered down for my taste. Coming from Chicago, the way they do hooters out here is completely different, but still good.
2	I've tried to give Hooters (in general) multiple chances but they come short every time. This is not because of service (which is wonderful) but the wings themselves.Every time I come here it feels like the wings are dry and have zero sauce on them.  I normally have to create a mixture of ranch and hot sauce so it feels like I'm getting some flavor.Like I said, the service is great, we had our fantasy football draft here once and they gave us coupons and some gear which was a nice touch, but the food needs to improve for me to come back.
1	It was awful I always get oysters at hooters they were small and a little green and found out 20 bucks they r cheaper at oyster bars the waitress told my husband ok to substitute chili instead of fries and just pay difference all she did on the check  was charged full price for chilli and didn't get fries . I got a salad she forgot my ranch I had to hunt down a ranch and she tried to charge me extra also my husband got a blue cheese burger and that was what it was no tomatoes or pickles or lettuce just blue cheese n burger..Long story short family of 3 $58 a small hot dog, bad oysters, nothing burger , no fries , overpriced chili, small salad and we drink water. Bad
4	Service was very very good!  I went for wings and a cold beer and got those plus some of the best service ever.  Chantel rocks!  She was super attentive, knew the menu well and drew the cutest owl on my sons kiddie cup of water.  I was torn between 2 sauces and she brought both.  She asked me if i wanted ranch or blue cheese and I told her to surprise me.  She did...with both!  We had to have the wings recooked because we ordered them well done and they weren't.  She did it with a smile on her face.  We also asked for a new hotdog bun cause the first one was a rock and she replaced it promptly and with a smile on her face.  The only downside was the other waitresses sitting at the table behind us with either a gentleman manager or shift leader talking about their nights out.  Definitely not what I wanted my son to hear.  I turned around at least 3 times before the gentleman apologized and they moved to the side station to continue their chatter.  I am assuming they use that table as a server/shift table to eat at b/c at all times one or more person was sitting there either eating or talking.  All in all I appreciate great service and Chantel gave be better service than I received at Craft Steakhouse last week.
5	Hooters!     Where?Well kids I have never been to Hooters. Then again, I have never been to Red Lobster either. I do have to say that food wise, I was not disappointed at allllll. The only down fall was the "Hooters." I had visualized huge knockers. I mean they are nice. They do have a variety. (we can't win them all can we) I rapidly moved on from my minor disappointment.My brain works autonomously but as soon the waitress offered the special. I went for it. The special which is 10 boneless wings and their world famous curly fries.  It wasn't that long of a wait. As soon as they arrived at the table I imagined my self like a vulture. Savaging at those boneless moist and delicious, Chipotle honey wings. With a perfect side of Ranch, and don't forget my refreshing beverage. I don't like to exaggerate but I probably crossed that line already, this places is really good. Also as soon as you walk in you get greeted my an older gentleman walking around just being friendly. This place is pretty clean everything is made of wood. Open 24/7   :)
5	Excellent staff and service!   Especially from Danielle she was awesome!  Will definitely be coming back for more games at this location. :)
4	Chantel was awesome with making sure that she was friendly and attentive.  When she brought my daughter her drink she had drawn a cute little owl. This is why I gave three four starts instead of just three.  Anyway we got 10 hot wings and 10 garlic parm.  The garlic parm for me where just ok but hubby liked them.
4	Service of the waitresses were nice! The wings were pretty bomb especially the Daytona flavored ones! Happy hour deals weren't bad at all and the all you can eat wings on Sunday filled me up!
4	I stopped in at Hooters with my best friend one day after work, with me not really knowing what to expect of the place. We came in on a weekday night so it wasn't as crowded as I imagined it to be and it was open seating. Vanessa soon came by to greet us and took our drink orders. Menus were already on the table so we had a look and quickly decided what we wanted. She was very friendly! I have had females tell me that they get rude service when they're at Hooters, but that was absolutely not the case for me. I ordered a quesadilla and when it came out, we were both surprised that it was absolutely huge! But it was so delicious with lots of cheese and a crispy tortilla. Sour cream, salsa, and guacamole were provided on the side. I also ordered their signature wings in a medium. Originally, I wanted to order mild but was talked out of it by Vanessa because she said that mild wouldn't have a kick that I'd like. She was right, medium was delicious! I had a Shirley Temple and it was quick to be refilled as soon as it was 3/4 of a ways down. My best friend got boneless wings and fries and it was delicious for her as well. Overall, I had a good experience and will come back with a bigger group next time to make it more fun!
4	I'm a super hot wing fan, I love them hot, I love them big as well as flavorful. Not a big fan of vinegar based sauces and these do fall into that category. That being said I do like eating here as the wings are top notch for a franchise trying to satisfy the masses.I've eaten here a few times and today the wait staff finally hit all the things you would expect from a Hooters girl. Hot, Hot and Damn Hot. Only disappointment was when I asked for a TV to be changed to the Cubs game I was told sure right away. 20mins later as I was paying our bill the TV was still on the motocross event that not a soul was watching. (We were one of three tables in our section and that TV wasn't visible to anyone outside of our table so it could have been changed to WGN to satisfy a Cubs fan).Our food was delicious, the fried pickles seemed weak on their own but the sauce that came with them turned them into a OMG appetizer.We will be back the next time I want/need something hot & spicy to eat.
3	We stopped in here to watch the UFC fight. The $5 cover was fair and there were lots of  TVs but the food was eh at best. I had a chicken quesadilla, which you would think you couldn't mess up but the chicken in it was awful. Boneless wings were decent but nothing special. Service was alright considering it was a fight night. Just not a big fan of this place. Oh well.
5	The chicken is so good. I always get the breaded wings. It has the perfect balance of crunchy and saucy. I can eat it without any ranch or other sauces. The bartender (or person in charge?), Steve, is super nice. The restaurant has awesome ventilation because it flows to the patio so you won't smell like oily chicken or smoke if you're hanging out at the bar late at night. Expect to pay around $10 for 10 wings.
4	I'm slowly becoming a fan of the breaded hooters wings. The 3 mile sauce isn't very spicy, but it has good flavor. The loaded tots are awesome. Probably the best thing on their menu. The staff is friendly waitresses come around quite often to refill drinks. Good spot for lunch
5	The food is delicious,  great people working here.  Everybody treats you like family.  We're loyal locals at this location.
3	Food was decent, service was not up to par with what we have had in the past. Got there only about 3 other tables had peeps and still took 15-20 minutes to get food. Had better bugers in the past is why the 3stars
5	Wow what difference. Used to be a loyal of the Hooters hotel resturant. Well this location is beyond superior than the hotel. The food is amazing cheaper and portions are a lot bigger. The waitresses are great always friendly warm and welcoming. They always have a smile and fast service. I will be returning only to this location from now on. Way to win my business Hooters!!!
4	Went there today for their Veterans Day special. Service was quick. Food was typical Hooters fare. Waitress Natasha was hot!! Surprised at the high quality of the Hooters girls this being a weekday.
1	How can you go wrong with chicken fingers.
2	I'm pescetarian, so wings aren't on my radar, so when my mom wanted wings Hooters is what came to mind instead of Buffalo Wild Wings, around the corner from my house.December 6, 2013 may have been the coldest night of the year in Las Vegas.  I made the mistake of not ordering ahead, so 35 minutes later, we are driving home.  I ordered the shrimp po-boy.  Any decent cook can make this in his/her sleep, but not this guy.  The first bad sign was that my fries were greasy & cold.  The "french roll" was so old that it crumbled to pieces the moment I picked it up.  I though I'd be able to just pick out & eat the shrimp but it had been fried to rubber.  This place is garbage.
2	When your friends turn out to be males and want to eat some wings, we usually end up at Hooters. While the wings and drinks were great, the service was not. I wouldn't mind if it was a busy night and there were 249283094328 people, but when I can see the waitresses sit directly at a table across from us and have a full conversation with her friend, then I wouldn't come back to that experience. Beware!
5	I loves me my Hooters wings.. I can't help it. Breaded, plain, but with spicy garlic on the side. Mmmm..I often sit at the bar, and I'm often alone, and i'm always female, so I don't always get the best service, but there is one bartender there (who works the bar that doesn't have to wear the Hooters gear, and she recognizes me and treats me well). Plus there are a couple of dudes who work the bar too, so if you are female, you don't have to feel weird about going here to get some wings and beers if you're not into chicks.The service can be hit or miss, but what I enjoy most is when a drunken guy tries to "be cute" or even hit on one of the girls loud enough for me to hear, I enjoy harassing the man back. It's what I do, and I'm good at it. On the most part the women appreciate it because I say things they aren't allowed to, and I'm not too outright mean. Come! Enjoy with me.
5	The staff is wonderful here.  I've been in a few times and they are always GREAT.   Thank you Donald for having an amazing team.  Kelsey was our server and Cheyene helped me with merchandise.  Love the wings
5	Like you obviously already know, the wings are amazing. But this specific location has exceptional wait staff and bartenders,   Highly recommended and great night out,
1	Walked in, sign said " seat yourself" so we did. 15% of the place was occupied. Acouple girls said, seat yourself. So we is. 20 minutes later, we still had no service. Buffalo Wild Wings, here we come
3	It Hooters, what can you really expect. The beer s cold and the wings are pretty good if you're in the mood for fried wings.
1	Blah! Crappy food, small wings, over priced! Rip off. Complained to corporate and never heard back. Waste of money. Only good thing was our server was nice... Except for tricking us into buying like 5 ranches that ended up costing .99 a piece.
4	I visited this location for a going away party. Was I impressed so greatly that I want to eat here every day for the rest of my life? Heck no. Its a Hooters. If I wanted to be impressed, I would have gone to the Wynn. I came here for fun. I did leave with a full belly and I had a great time. The food: Fresh. My salad was cold and my wings were hot. Those are my expectations for a Hooters :) This place isnt exactly for foodies... Keep your expectation level slightly above McDonalds and you will leave happy! Drinks: Cold beer. The Waitstaff: Attractive & Friendly. TVs: Plenty of them all around. Why only 4-stars? Bathroom was NASTY. I honestly dont think it is possible that it was cleaned within the week.
5	If you're looking for the Hooters experience while in Vegas,  skip the "casino" and come here.Less of a shady operation....Friendlier service, and no "trailer trash" customers walking around.
1	I come here often cuz it is near Best Buy and Home Depot.  Often wanted 2 comment but haven't til now so this review is kind of an accumulation of my experiences. The service is always slow @ this location.  The trick is to sit right next to someone else so that the girls can find you, see you, don't have an excuse 2 ignore you , something. Once noticed, all of the servers here have been pleasant.  It just seems that management needs 2 give more direction regarding who has what table.I actually like the wings so the atmosphere is a bonus.  That is, I used to like the wings.  This time they came out very "saucy", which was unusual, and tasted different.  I guess they changed their menu.  Not sure I'll b back.As an aside, where do u buy such thin paper towels? Especially if u r now saucing up ur wings, maybe it's time 2 get sum real paper towels!
4	I love hooters wings and having a Tues special on buying 10 wings naked or breaded you got 10 free. I usually go to bbw for their 60 cent wings but there's aren't good like hooters definitely going back to hooters
5	Phenomenal staff. Great food. Makes you feel like family. Great prices and always fun. Awesome locals spot to watch any game or fight in Vegas. Jerod, Timmy, and Donald are very friendly interactive managers and do a great job. Gretchen, Kaysha, Amberlyn, Brooke, Sarah, Latrice, Emily, and Kelsey are by far the best staff this place has going for them on a waitress level. Steve, Jonny, Taylor and Dre will always take care of you at the bar.
3	Hooters is one of the best place to grab a quick bite with decent bar food and good scenery. The service isn't terribly good but everyone goes for the girls. I love the hot wings and the pickle chips are a must. Their fried pickles are the best I've had.  Want to grab a beer with the boys and decent bar food with hot chicks to take care of you this is the spot!!!!!
4	I've never been to Hooters before until Saturday 5/31. I never went into a Hooters because I was very intimidated of the girls there. To my surprise, they weren't what I thought they were going to be. Nobody acted like they were better than you or prettier to talk to you. They did say seat ourselves which is cool. We didn't wait long until Sarah came and asked us if we wanted to get started with drinks. She was super nice. My beau and I got the Lots of Tots as appetizers and it was AMAZING. I ordered the Daytona Wings breaded. It was good. Wish I asked for naked. GO NAKED. But that's my fault. I ordered also a mango lemonade. BOMB. For a hot summer day, I suggest getting this! I didn't know I could get free refills on this drink, so i was slowly drinking it. I guess Sarah heard me slurping the bottom of the glass and waited for me to put my glass down and immediately grabbed my glass and refilled it! Awesome!! Then beau and I started to leave she asked if I wanted more of the drink. I told her no, we were leaving. She told me we can get a TO-GO cup! DOUBLE POINTS! I loved the atmosphere and the manager checked on us too. I liked it and will be coming back. One thing though: I wish it wasn't so cold and my food would stay hot longer. But it's probably our fault because who chose where to sit.
3	Pretty standard run-of-the-mill Hooters, except you know...Vegas lol.  That said, you know what you're getting when you're coming here.  Food is same ol same ol.  Wings are to be expected, can't ever go wrong with that.  Definitely a good spot to come here to watch UFC PPVs if that's on your mind.
4	I've been a fan of Hooters since they first arrived in Las Vegas in the early 90s (late 80s?).  When they opened up this location near my house I couldn't be happier.First the food. The food is typical hooters.  Really good, but there are places out there slightly better. But combine location, plus cost, plus atmosphere and you really can't do better. I like the wings, naked, all drums, grilled Daytona style with spicy garlic sauce. Also the burgers are really good . I sometimes even get the crab legs or the fried pickles. My only real complaint is the lack of ROASTED OYSTERS.  That's right, when Hooters first opened they had roasted oysters. They came in a large bucket, covered with a hot towel and they gave you an oyster shucker to open them. Hooters management said it was because of the oil spill that happened years ago in the south why they no longer had them.  I really hope they bring them back someday.As for the staff, management is great.  There are a group of 3 familiar guys that run the place. They are always friendly and helpful.  They'll change the channels for you and even give you the wi-fi password.As for the waitresses, I'd say 90% of them are at a Hooters level of customer service. When they acknowledge you as "their table" you are usually greeted somewhat cheerfully and they are for the most part friendly.  Some fo them even go into their pro acting job and ask you about your day or what you do, etc. We know it's a service industry and that's part of the act, but it is a nice touch. I would say about 5% of the girls go above and beyond. They remember you from the last time you came and they even come and say hi to you even if you are "not their table".  It's nice to be acknowledged as a regular.  Sadly most of the time it's by the male management, but like I said, a couple girls remember and say hi regardless.  Sadly the remaining 5% of the girls are horrible. There are only one (maybe two) that I fear getting when I walk in.  I hate that feeling "well now I got to run the gauntlet today for lunch cuz this girl sucks". I'm not the type of person to complain about service, especially if I'm a regular. instead I suffer silently.  The girl in question is so bad. She rushes you though the ordering process. She never writes anything down. As you can see from above, I have a complex order, so it's always a gamble if I'll get it right. God forbid it's wrong, I have to decide if it's worth flagging her down, telling she is wrong and getting a new order.The saying "a bad apple ruins the bucnh" is true.  That one ore two employees prevented me from giving a 5 star review.  I hope in the future these employees move on.  I hate playing the gambler when I come in to my local Hooters, "will I get a good waitress?" Maybe management can have more customer service training more often.  I've also wrote a review about a Japanese Hooters, explaining how they had the best costumer service I've ever seen.  Maybe the Hooters here can fly a few of those Japanese Hooters girls in and have them train the locals? Japanese girls are HIGH ENERGY, some of the waitresses here would benefit from a little energy boost.Anyhow, this is a great Hooters, good food, pretty girls, great atmosphere. I'm a fan.TIP: this place is ridiculous on big sporting event nights, especially UFC fights. I usually go only at lunch time, but I've made the mistake going on a UFC night.  I'm not a UFC fan so I had no clue what was going on.  So if going at night, you might want a backup plan if you drive by and see the parking lot overflowing and people pouring out of the building.
4	Nice that you can get wings 24 hours of the day. I tried the daytona beach wings. Pretty good. Lunch here on a weekday... Not packed in here which is how i like it. The girls are cute and they smile. Though i think service could be a tad faster if i can take the time to make a review while im waitin for my ticket to get picked up
3	Not a fan of Hooters, but I came here with my husband who swears that the food  here is awesome, LOL. It's been a while, but I have been to one other location when I lived in California. They are all the same to me: average food and slow service. But I get it, this is a place to watch sports, hang out with friends and have a good time. (Hey, it's different for those of us who don't drink alcohol :P)Our server was polite and friendly. She got us our drinks quickly after we sat down and took our food order not too long after that. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. Our food took like 35-40 minutes to come out. Really?? It wasn't a full house at all. There were 2 other tables that were occupied and a bunch of people sitting at the bar. During that time, our waitress disappeared as well. We had to flag her down just to get us our drink refills. Ugh, why is service always so damn slow at Hooters?? It also sucks when you are super hungry!I have always enjoyed their Lots-A-Tots (without the chives). Tater tots with cheese, sour cream and bacon, how can you go wrong? Other than that, I have never really found anything I liked on the menu. From what I remember, the wings made me feel sick, and the BBQ pulled pork sandwich was bland and soggy (although that was years ago in California). I kept it simple and ordered the burger sliders. They were pretty tasty, but the meat patties were much smaller than the buns that they used. My husband on the other hand, likes just about anything on the menu. Other than the awesome Lots-A-Tots, there were a few other positive things about this place. The restaurant was very clean, they leave wet naps for you on the table (hey, most places you have to ask), and the manager was walking around asking everyone how they were doing. Seriously, he stopped by our table 3 times to check up on us. He also processed our payment at the end since our waitress never came back. Not a place I would visit again, but if I do, let's just hope I'm not starving again!
4	I love this hooters. Aside from the nice young servers the food is really affordable. The place is spacious and the wings are a good size. I can also recommend their boneless as they are delicious with the perfect amount of breaking.I heard they make their sauces in house DAILY so your sauce preference can slightly vary each time you go.I always get the same thing- breaded wings hot with curly fries and cheese sauce with fried pickles.Definitely my favorite wing place. On Tuesday they have a wing special that everyone should check out.
1	Unfortunately we can't review anything but the horrible customer service. Having guys night out with my nine-year-old and they told us to sit anywhere then proceeded to ignore us for 10 minutes and we walked outWould not even acknowledge us and checked on the tables all around us Upsetting experience. We were ready to grub. Went to grimaldis instead
1	I always get wings to go when I get off of work usually around midnight. Never really had any problems until the other night. Called in to go order about 1150. Arrived about midnight. I knew it wouldn't be ready as soon as I got there which is fine played 5 bucks in the machine and paid for the food. 15 minutes pass after I arrive (over 20 minutes since order was placed) still no to go food in sight neither waitress I paid the bill with or bartender who knew I was waiting says anything to me at all. Ok I'll wait a bit longer before I ask. 30 minutes pass since I arrived ( 40 minutes since order was placed)  I finally decide to politely ask the bartender if he knows if to go food will be ready soon since I need to be home fairly quick. Now I was not complaining when I asked and was polite in my tone with my question and the reply I got was rude and condescending in tone "yeah it's busy it going be awhile your not the only one waiting " really? The place had people in it but wasn't packed by any means and I never waited this amount of time before. If I had been told " hey sorry for your wait kitchen a bit backed up we apologize for the wait" I would've been understanding. It took over an hour from the time order was placed to receive it without anybody saying anything to me at all when they knew I was waiting. To top it off bartender just hands me the bag of food without looking at me and doesn't say a word. Terrible service
4	Updated review.  Went back in tonight to try it again. My previous review I guess was noticed cause when my to go food was brought to me(very quick this time) bartender refused to take my card to pay introduced himself to me and apologized for my experience the week prior took care of the whole bill and gave me dessert in my order. I appreciated the gesture and that my negative experience was noticed and rectified. Wings delicious as always
1	Today was a low point in my thirty years of going to Hooters.  As usual, the food is not bad and no matter which Hooters I went to and I have been to many different states and different countries to eat at Hooters, the food is predictably the same.  However, today was the nadir of my history of eating at Hooters.  Today there was a preseason NFL game on and the volume of the televisions was so loud my ears were ringing because of the high volume.  I could not hear my son speak.  I could not hear the waitress speak.  It was horrible.  The manager came over and told me he could "dim" the sound but he had to keep the volume up.  I said why, it was uncomfortably loud.   He said I should have not choose to sit under the speaker on the wall near the ceiling.  I said I choose to leave.  He graciously gave me my food order without charging me after I changed my order to go.  Regardless, if you want to lose your hearing or walk around with your ears buzzing even after you leave the building, this is not a bad place.  For those that are deaf, you should enjoy.  For those that want to preserve their hearing,  I would totally avoid this location.  Try BWW instead.
3	Second time I have been here. Eeeeeh its fine if your going for food or girls! Food is OK I wouldn't really suggest going here unless you wanted to drink and watch some sports. I don't even think the girls are worth it. Had wings, fries, fried pickles, a salad on different occasions and none of it stood out but I guess its the Hooters that are supposed to bring you in! They have drink specials and food specials atmosphere is very chill and fun but wouldn't pay for the food again!
5	So I had the biggest craving for wings and it was 130am. I decided to call Hooters cause they were open and after looking at their website I noticed they had alot of new stuff. (This is probably the 3rd time I have eaten hooters. once in Florida, once in Cali and finally here in Vegas.) I have to say that I was very surprised, their food hit the spot, I called in an order for fried pickles, lot-a-tots, boneless wings w/ fries and 10 Wings TO GO. What really made this experience awesome was the hostess, she was awesome in helpiing order like having all the stuff for the tots on the side so they did not get soggy and also ordering the pickles extra crispy so they were also not soggy. I have to say I am really impressed. I will definitely come back!!!!!
5	This is the best hooters, ever. The manager is awesome. He always takes care of you, and the service is always great. The food isn't always equally as great, but the staff more than makes up for that!
2	we order togo from this hooters once every few months...we stopped dining in at the location because the service was always mediocre at best...tonight i called in a togo order for 20 wings, 24 buffalo shrimp, and fried pickles at 8:47pm...i was told it would be ready in 15 minutes or less...we are just right down the street from hooters so i waited a few minutes then left...i got to the location right at 9pm...i went in and no one was at the hostess stand so i went to the bar to advise the bartender that i was there to pick up my togo order that i had called in...well this was a wait in and of itself...the bartender was too busy having drinks with (what i assume) are regulars and/or friends of hers and they were the only ones that she tended to...even the older gentleman sitting a few seats from me was complaining outloud that it was tough to get a beer...she finally came to me and said it would be just a minute...she came back 5 or so minutes later and i told her i was there to pickup my callin order, she said you need to do that at the hostess stand, i told her no one is there and i have always gotten my order from the bartender in the pass, she seemed surprised and said oh let me check...we are now rounding 25 minutes pass and the bartender has come back to join her friends (SMH)...finally at 35 past (im now ready to leave as i expected to be back home by now) a girl comes out with a togo order and told me sorry it took so long and that she wanted to open everything and check it with me so there "were no suprises"...the first box she opens has like 6 wings in it and she goes these are the cajun wings...uhm...NOPE, didnt order those, she says oh, ooops, i got 2 togo orders at the same time and it got so hectic...uhm, really, perhaps its time to find a new field of work...sorry sweetie...she then tells me to hold on and she would be right back...so im waiting, waiting, waiting again and i now see her, and 3 other waitresses over with a table of 2 guys on the restaurant side...i look at my watch and it is now 945...she looks to have no intentions on checking on my order, so i have no intention on sitting around waiting to get food to feed my boyfriend and i any longer...goodbye.
4	We had not been to a Hooters since moving here from South Carolina and I just couldn't help it any longer. I love Hooters wings and so my family and I gave the Hooters in Spring Valley a try. It was definitely worth it. The food was great and the wings were even better than I remember. The service was good, but not great. But, overall it was a good experience. 4 out of 5 stars
5	I love Hooters! The girls are so friendly and sweet! They brought my daughter a balloon and sat and chatted with her about school! The owner of Hooters even stopped by to check on our table and he made us feel so comfortable and welcome! This was such a great family experience and the food was so delicious! I'd give it more stars if I could! I can't wait to come back & see all our new friends!
1	Had lunch here today.  Wings were great as always.  Waitress was ok.  Menu was misleading so I spoke with the manager.  He decides to reduce my check by $1,00.  Like I would dispute one dollar!  Check came to $27.  Left $40 for the check with him.  Maybe he notices the $13 tip and join reality.  Cause if he thinks discounting a $1 from my bill is enough, he's more dumb than he looks.  No wonder there was only 4 tables during the lunch rush.  Will be sharing my bad experience on FaceBook and all my friends.  No one should have to deal with this guy!
5	This place is the best! Great food, service is always on point and ice cold beer. I highly recommend the Daytona Wings, they cost extra but are with it!
1	First I had to ask (felt like pulling teeth from the MALE bartender) if there were any specials.... I'm not sure if its because I was a "Hooters Girl" in the buuuut there should NOT be a dude behind the bar........ He was not happy we were here. Didn't want to tell us anything. Told us there were no specials! There forever used to be happy hour from 3-6, this no longer exists not sure if it's just this location!????Upon getting up and walking out I over heard the hooter girl coming onto shift tell a new customer about there specials... We brought this to her attention but at this point are just upset. We left. Horrible service by Andreas......
3	I'm just not a fan of Hooters. There, I said it. This particular Hooters location happens to be next door to my favorite nail salon. So I find myself here for a drink sometimes. When you enter, you can go to the bar area or the restaurant area. The bar has gaming and smoking. There are also some tables in the bar area. There's also an outdoor patio area. But basically the thing to like about this Hooters is the ability to play some video poker, get a free beer, and smoke. The bartenders are nice and friendly. Hit or miss as to whether or not they are attentive.
5	Friendly bar staff makes you feel very welcome!Thanks Megan, Donald, Jonny, and Timmy!
1	Horrible horrible horrible honestly only deserve one star for the good fried pickles but everything else was horrible server sucked didn't even tell me they charged 1 DALLOR for each ranch so since she wanted to be sneaky I took it out her tip never been to hooters and will never go back how does the hostess out of freaking 30 available tables seat us at a dirty table and when the server came up to us didn't even consider cleaning the table had to ask for a clean table horrible horrible horrible go to Buffalo Wild Wings I never have these kind of problems the only thing hooters has different is beeter fried pickles but they suck at everything else will never go back. Also asked the hostess if they had happy hour at around 4 on Monday and she asked me what's happy hour and was like oh um no food is cheap just beer but idk what the deal is today worst service ever hooters your "pretty" girls aren't going to make guest happy when they don't no Nothing going on in the restaurant come on now!
4	This is my favorite Hooters in Vegas.Great place to watch the game or fight. I always sit at the bar and the bartenders are fun.Food is always good and I'm never disappointed.
1	PLEASE READ: PLEASE READ: PLEASE READI hardly write reviews- In fact I never do - but for this hooters I'll make an exception.I am from the east coast- I enjoy hooters ironically enough I was at MGM next to the hooters casino - I live in Summerlin, and thought I would drive out to spring valley to an actual restaurant. I sat in the gaming area of the bar and it was dead needless to say it was 1130. Anyways - I go in sit down greeted by a nice BT I think her name was tosha or something with a t - she had blond hair- she greeted me I told her I was going to play and I ordered a beer. I noticed there were two guys in there along with myself - and a drunk guy that left pretty quickly - these two drunk guys were playing all the games and winning which was cool- and the bar tender seemed to be in it - the two guys that were winning were getting louder then they came over to my side of the bar - they were using every vulgarity you could use- but not in the half way bar acceptable use of the terms - they were using phrases and terms that you would hear on workaholics but 10x worse. Anything involving a woman - and her anatomy and what goes with that- purely disgusting. Mind you I came to eat. What really shocked me - he had a black hooters shirt on- he was a manager or something! Def FOH. I don't have a problem with drinking after work but he ruined my appetite and granted I put 200 in the machine I didn't get one comp for two beers and a chicken sandwich. Thirty bucks for all that after I played 200 worth of BJ- and listening to the manager talk to his drunk friend while his gf (the bar tender) was sticking money into the machine - GO TO TWIN PEAKS SO MUCH BETTER - hooters is great but this one sucked - and the bar tender should be embarassed of her boyfriend and manager and frankly herself- Understand I'm not a prude I drink like a fish and I swear like the catholic I am. However, that was by far the worse experience I have ever had- I have no sympathy that hooters  is losing to twin peaks. They should be
5	Came here Saturday for the ufc fights. It was really busy. My friends and I were told at the door we would have to wait. Understandable. Every table seemed to be full. After waiting a few minutes one of the managers brought out a folding table for extra seating. We were seated right away. A hostess I think her name was Jazmine grabbed us waters right away and was very friendly.  Service was surprisingly fast for how busy it was. Disappointed I missed a couple of the first fights waiting, but understandable for the amount of people there. Our waitress had light brown hair. She was very nice and wasn't impatient with us even though it was busy. We confused her with another girl and she joked about how lots of people ask if they are siblings. Our food was great. We got Daytona wings, fried pickles and curly fries. Everything was hot and crispy. It's hooters. You can't be mad about cold beer, hot wings and a good fight. We got what we came for. Plus a nice view. There's also a girl who looks just like Natalie Wood. That's enough to check the place out. Overall just impressed about the great customer service on such a busy night. The managers seemed to be running a nice place.
3	Had a little bit of wait for menus and drinks, but staff is very nice and were apologetic. Theres a block of ice in my Jameson & Coke and was a bit watered down.
